<Author>Blackcherry
<Content>An excellent choice Nice design touches permeate this hotel, from the swooping eagle lights in the foyer to the flip plug-holes in the bathroom sink. The bed is wonderful, and the shower a decent size (although it did seem all hot water had been used up by 10am on a Saturday morning?!!). Free internet usage in the reception was most welcome. On check-in (and also check-out), the service was perhaps the friendliest I have ever had. The rooms were cleaned to a high standard each day, and you get free bottled Pret water, and fresh milk in your fridge. The food in Grille is pretty good. I had the corn-fed chicken with Tarragon and Wild Mushroom sauce with garlic mash which was very tasty, and the Grille fry-ups for breakfast are also recommended. The hotel is a short walk from Old Street tube station, and well located to some bars and restaurants on Great Eastern Street.The Hoxton is a great stay, and has the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in! Highly recommended and at such a decent price, you really cannot go wrong.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>OxfordshireBear1
<Content>Love ,love, love it!!! This hotel is amazing. We stayed here with friends for our New Year getaway and we were all very impressed. Deco, rooms, bar and staff all very clean and contemporary and the atmosphere is fab. We spent the afternoon supping cocktails, (expensive, but what isn't in London?) which were supplied by a lovely, very chatty and charming waitress. However, be warned, we were quite happy to go to the bar to be served and if we had have done, we would have saved ourselves 拢15 on her service charge, (we were unaware we would be charged extra just for drinks)! The hotel is quite a trek from the tourist areas of London but the tube is only a two minute walk away. However, there are loads of cool bars and restaurants in Shoreditch so next time we would probably stay local. The hotel also does a great unbiased review leaflet which can be picked up from your room- definitely worth a look!Overall, we all thoroughly enjoyed our stay, we loved the healthy breakfast too- left in a small paper bag on our door handle! A yummy yoghurt, fresh orange juice and a banana (a great healthy hangover cure!!!!). Can't wait for our next visit!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Dorsetbay
<Content>What Excellent Value For Money We were really impressed with the Hoxton. It is fantastic value - we paid 拢59, the same as we had paid for an apallingly dreay travel lodge room but it couldn't have been more different.The rooms are small but very clean and well furnished with very comfortable beds, (with large cushions, cotton sheets and extra duvets and pillows) settee, desk and a flat screen TV on a swivel stand so you can watch it from the bed or the settee without straining your neck. There was a thermostat in the room so we could control the heating to suit ourselves which was a bonus on a very cold night. The shower was great - and the free aveda toiletries and pears soap were a nice touch. As for the free extras - why can't other hotels provide a fridge, corkscrew, wine glasses, mugs (not tiny cups), proper water glasses (so you don't have to use the tooth mugs) fresh milk, bottled water, twinings tea, hairdryers that actually blow out enough hot air to dry your hair , internet access and newspapers, all free of charge. It makes such a refreshing change to have these items all supplied as standard. We liked the healthy pret breakfast that was included in the price too - filled the gap till we found a coffee shop ;-) The staff were all lovely - friendly,helpful and polite. We did not try the restuarant or bar; breakfast looked to be a reasonable price but other meals and snacks seemed expensive.Downsides - not enough towels - one large and one small towel to share between two adults is simply not enough. The rooms were also very overlooked so net curtains would be a good idea. The hotel is a fair distance from the West End too, so we would not stay here if we were going to a show. But these are small points and the hotel itself is such a friendly, well equipped, value-for-money place that we whole heartedly recommend it.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>5ZVP
<Content>Best Kept Secret - Hoxton Hotel As an American vacationing in London for the 1st time I was hesitant on what a deal the Hoxton appeared to be. It turned out to be not only a great deal but a great hotel overall. If I were to sum the hotel up in one word it would be trendy. The decor is modern and everything is new - from the flat panel TV to the extra large shower head with a personal sprayer.If you are looking for the stereotypical English hotel this is not the place to be. But if you want a great hotel with an in crowd feel this is it. The whole area is trendy with great night life. The hotel has a fantastic restaurant and bar. Every night the bar filled up with young professionals there for a drink - yet it was quiet and subdued.The fantastic value of this hotel extended beyond the daily room rate. It came with free internet, and phone rates of 5 cents a minute to the US and 3 cents local. It also came with a healthy breakfast of yogurt, granola, banana and juice. The staff is made up of young folks that were friendly and helpful.This hotel is one of best kept secrets of the Londoners. Most of the guests and bar patrons were British. The one down side of this is they do not exchange foreign currency at the hotel. The do however have an ATM machine and if you need to change currency the Post Office is just minutes walk away next to the Old street tube station.For vacationers like myself and my family, this hotel is not located in central London where all the sights are. However, with London's subways and taxis, this was not an issue; the hotel is located in London eastside. The money I saved was well worth the extra minutes that I had to travel. Most London hotels were around 200-300 GBP; I paid an average of 90GBP per night.The only downside to this hotel is the neighborhood. While it is not a run down dangerous neighborhood, it does look a bit like a neighborhood in transition. In a couple of years I think this will be a very nice fashionable neighborhood. Even now, a few blocks from the hotel are lots of nice restaurants and shops.Overall this is a great hotel for folks on vacation. While I would not recommend kids younger than teens (only because I did not see any there and it does have that trendy club feel to it) it is great for everyone else. In my group we ranged from late 50s to late teens and we all had a great time at the Hoxton.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DebandJonathan
<Content>Brilliant! The Hoxton is amazing! We got a room for 拢29 but for the whole price it would be value for money. Two minutes walk from Old Street tube station, great bed and duvet, flat screen TV, comp milk and water in a fridge in the room, good coffee and tea selection with kettle, groovy shower, clean, modern deco - and if the free breakfast isn't to your taste you can get a bacon sandwich in the restaurant. This is where we'll stay in London from now on.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>LIAMTHOMAS
<Content>Funky Boutique Hotel We booked a 2 night stay directly with the hotel. We paid 拢59 per room per night. This was excellent value for money. The hotel is located near shoreditch and is excellent for local bars. It is a bit of a journey from the main touist sights and shopping areas (oxford st). The rooms are small but perfectly formed and the showers are excellent.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	3	4	5	5	2	

<Author>Hertfordshire__Paul
<Content>Fab hotel with a real buzz about it The Hoxton was used as a base for our xmas party which was held at the Comedy Cafe 5 mins away. the Hotel is on a busy street so ask for a room on Willow St which is quieter, the rooms are slightly smaller than average but well designed with a comfy bed.Real milk in the fridge, really nice bathroom (fab shower) with aveda smellysDidn't eat there but had a drink or two in the bar the which where typical London prices, after a great evening at the Comedy Cafe we all wandered back to the Hotel for a quite night cap how wrong we where it was absolutely buzzing with lots of locals dancing and having great time so we joined in, one of our party went to her room on the first floor to put on her dancing shoes and on returning she said there was no noise at all from the barorange juice was very welcome in the morning as was the price only 拢59!! take a tip from me only book direct from the hotel site as its the cheapest  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Mimcr
<Content>Great Hotel Was recommended the hotel by a colleague. If you book in advance you have to pay up front and there are no refunds on cancellation. Only 2 Minuites walk from Old Street Tube.The hotel atmosphere is informal and friendly and they maintain excellent service standards and facilities. Rooms are well equipped, clean and to a good standard for the star rating. Free internet access throughout the hotel is a bonus. Free newspapers daily (Guardian Mon-Sat and Observer on Sunday) Free water in rooms as well as Milk, coffee (also decaf), tea and herbal teas. A pret a manger cold breakfast is supplied free on request daily which consists of a banana, yoghurt and orange juice. A half decent 24 hour room service menu is a bonus. The restaurant grill serves a great breakfast at a fair price, its not extensive but the service is very good and they do a vegetarian fried option (but without beans?). The dinner menu is reasonable but not many decent balanced vegetarian options. In the evenings the hotel lobby is always atmospheric and the open fires are a fine welcome home after a long cold day in London, although I was not impressed with the drinks waitresses.... on my first evening stay (Thursday) my group waited over 20 minutes for just 2 additional beers, we eventually went ourselves to get our order from the bar and the waitress insisted that she still added her service charge to the bill. This is not very professional and certainly not the standard of service we expected from a 4 star hotel. Nevertheless as we had more pressing issues to deal with we let it go on the night... but it certainly has not been forgotten... so be warned! That aside The Hoxton Lodge Hotel is a great place to stay for business and leisure and it does great advance rates for the weekend traveller too. Improvements I would recommend are that as a lady traveller, baths are preferred and supplies of ladies toiletry disposal requirements in the rooms should be mandatory. It is worth noting the rooms on the willow street side have great views but are also are all overlooked by offices and as the office staff are in work very early in the morning and also very late in the evenings, the addition of plain net curtains on the windows would be beneficial for some privacy. Overall the Hoxton Lodge Hotel is a friendly informal and efficient hotel, I will definitely return again but it would not be my first choice when travelling alone.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	3	3	4	

<Author>Matthew5:8
<Content>Very Smart Hotel Time doesn't permit me to write everything I appreciated about this hotel. Overall, it was evident that the management is most interested in guest satisfaction - detailed care, without the frills. From the design of the room (smart use of space, cozy, clean, modern), to the light breakfast in a bag (healthy, convenient), to storing our luggage on our last day after checking out so we could do some more sight-seeing (an extra mile i didn't expect). Thoughtful care went into the entire design of this hotel, yet I didn't feel I had to pay extra for anything. Loved everything about it. Thank you, Hoxton, for a wonderful stay. Hope to be back soon.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>BunnyPalmer
<Content>Marvellous - loved everything Stayed here for 1 night after it was recommended to me by a friend. I bought it on the special web sale that the hotel runs so paid the amazing price of 拢30 for a double room! What can I say? Everything was perfect.I have stayed in many hotels over the years and this is probably only one of two that I cannot think of a single problem - it completely exceeded my expectations.From the warm arrival by the receptionist, to the Aveda products in the bathroom - everything seemed to be perfect. I was delighted with the room's decor, the comfortable bed with very good bed linen, the milk and water in the fridge, the Pret breakfast, the power shower etc etc.The management of this hotel need to be applauded for their attention to detail - they seem to take interest in what their guests want and do their upmost to ensure everything is perfect.This was my first stay here and I very much look forward to returning soon.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TallerTwentyFive
<Content>FAB fab fab... Amazing Hotel       The room. Compact, smart, great design/art  
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>McPhil
<Content>Great boutique hotel This is a hidden gem in London, next to Old Street Station. It's a boutique hotel run by Pret A Manger. Great food, good bar, really friendly staff, clean and nice rooms with lots of nice touches. I really like this place and stay here when on business and pleasure. There's some amenities close by and it is only about 400 metres from the tube station. You get a free breakfast delivered to the room too of yoghurt, orange juice and a banana which is handy when on the move. Sometimes they have room sales for 拢1 a room too but I've never been fortunate enough to get one but it's worth paying their normal rates in my view. The restaurant staff are very helpful and go out of their way to tailor dishes and food to suit dietary requirements. They made me a beautiful exotic fruit salad which was not on the menu, all I had to do was ask.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>H_GSY
<Content>very good but a few let downs This is a hotel that tries incredibly hard to be something different and I think on that score it deserves a 10. think funky d茅cor, low lighting, dark wood, its cetainly not your sterile chain hotel.Bathroom was a good size, lovely large shower and plenty of counter space. Aircon was a plus. The room also had a fridge though which was a bonus and there were some nice extras 鈥?bottled water, fresh milk, bottle opener, breakfast brought to your room (this was good though repetitive as each day it was always OJ, banana, red fruit granola yoghurt). You were given a brown bag which you had to tick regarding the number of people and the time you wanted your breakfast. There was free wifi and internet access in the lobby, newspapers morning and evening and cheap phone calls.I wasn鈥檛 that impressed by the menu of the Grille downstairs so didn鈥檛 eat there but there are various dining options a short walk from the hotel.The location was fine for me as it was near my course however it was not ideal for sightseeing etc at the weekend 鈥?Liverpool Street Station (circle, central, district lines) is a good 10mins walk away. Old Street (Northern line) is closer. Brick Lane and Spitalfields though were both within walking distance which redeemed it slightly for me. There were a few issues though that I have to mention like the fact that I found not one but a pair of dried up old disposable contact lenses on the carpet by the bed when I first checked in and then peanuts when I returned later in the week. Do they not hoover?? The white bedclothes were clean but did have marks / stains. I couldn鈥檛 fit my laptop in the safe. Saturday night you could hear the music from the bar in my room (435).So would I stay there again? Yes but not at the prices that my company paid. I believe they offer some good deals throughout the year so it might be worth picking up one of those simply to have the experience of staying here but I don鈥檛 think I would use it as a base for exploring London.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	3	3	5	-1	5	

<Author>Moira51
<Content>Happy hols at the Hoxton Have just come back from spending 3 nights at the Hoxton hotel. I asked for a quiet room and was given one(4th floor overlooking the courtyard) The rooms are small but the bathroom is nice with a modern shower. The towels are big and fluffy. Nice touches like real milk in the fridge and free bottled water. The best bit was the comfy bed. I want to buy duck down pillows now.Staff are very helpful.The Hoxton Grille restaurant has a lot of improving to do to match the standard of the hotel.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Fondofgoodtravel
<Content>Excellent Value for Money This isn't the most luxurious hotel I've stayed in but it doesn't try to be. For under 拢100 per night in London, it is excellent value for money and feels more of a treat than a Travelodge or Premier Inn which is what it's up against in the same budget category. It's not The Berkeley with it's trendy Blue Bar or the Mandarin Bar at the Mandarin - Oriental but it doesn't try to be and it doesn't charge those prices. I bough a Snickers bar from reception and it was 50p - minimum markup - that was a nice surprise.We usually stay in the West end but thought it would be a change to stay slightly more East this time and go to some new places as opposed to the usual Oxford Street, Covent Garden, Leicester Square haunts. Also we had tickets to go to Twickenham on the Saturday and wanted to get the train there from Waterloo so being on the Northern line worked out better.It's about 5 minutes from Old Street station and it can be a little seedy when right outside the Tube stop but nothing scary. Bit like Kings Cross really. The bar / restaurant area are in better condition than the corridors and rooms but that's not to say the rooms are in poor nick. I found reception helpful, the bar buzzy and the room more than acceptable for 2 nights.The bed was firm and comfortable with smooth bedsheets that were a pleasure to sleep in unlike the rough, overly starched hospital like ones that are commonly used in the big chains. The shower is powerful and the bathroom a good size. Like others have commented we loved the fresh milk and water in the fridge as well as the Pears soap and Pret breakfast. They provide a guide and map of the area which was useful for us being newies to the locality.We ate at Fifteen the first night which was a little further out (still not far though) than I thought it would be. And if you're planning to do this and want to go for drinks beforehand, I'd advise you to drink in the hotel as between the the hotel and Fifteen there aren't any decent pubs / bars. Second night we went to Hoxton Square and ate in one of the noodle bars there which was ok.The Hoxton is in a great location for places like Borough Market and Spitalfields and we had a great time exploring these areas as an alternative to the West End.Things that weren't quite so good and these are minor points really. Hairdryer is weak but I always bring my own as hotel hairdryers are always a bit pathetic. The towels in our room were a little old - a bit thin and rough as turning slightly grey in colour. Our room faced the street so there was noise but we are in London so traffic noise comes with the territory really. The mirror on the dressing table is a little high up so when you sit in the chair you can't see yourself and the lighting isn't the best either. But like I said, these are all minor quibbles. And I'm sure I'd have minor quibbles if I'd had stayed at the Ritz!We have booked to stay again as we feel that The Hoxton represents excellent value for money. Our experience was good and the bill was better. I think our positive experience is much to do with the fact that we didn't feel ripped off which sometimes happens with the more upmarket places.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>totoharvey
<Content>very nice - no complaints thought this hotel was really nice. the lobby and bar area is large but cosy at the same time. the staff are helpful and allowed us to check our bags in before the room check in. there is free wi-fi which is very handy. we stayed high up and had a really good view of the some famous london buildings.the rooms are quite small but there is everything you need. fridge, tv, desk, comfy bed and the bathroom was very nice with a super power shower. the free breakfast was also a nice touch. (orange juice, yoghurt and a banana). i would stay here again  
<Date>Nov 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mouhag
<Content>Great hotel! Drove up with my husband and daughter (11) to stay at the Hoxton for the October Half term. Easy to park. The staff were great and accommodating of three to a room, though initially we had a room which had an adjoining door, which was quite noisy. The staff were more than happy to move our room for us, though fully apologetic that the new room would be smaller, not that we could tell!Really clean and well cared for. Shower room was bliss with full size soaps.Easy walking distance from Spittlefields/ Liverpool St main line and Old St tube is throwing distance from the hotel.Will be staying again. Excellent value at weekends and as expected cost for week nights. Hotel has an excellent online booking system and regular deals.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>TravelDealer
<Content>For Every Good, There is a Bad... Dependent on what you're looking for, this may or may not be the perfect hotel for you. I wanted someplace uber trendy and fun to stay with my husband (similar to the Tigerlily in Edinburgh) this place came kinda close - it was trendy/modern. The bar/restaurant attached to the hotel always had folks in it (and was pretty hopping on Fri/Sat nights), there are 4 computers just off of the lobby with free internet access, and the furniture/decor were very modern. The room itself was a pretty decent size. Big enough for a queen bed, small couch, and a desk. The desk was great because it actually had 4 plugs! For those who are used to searching the room high and low for a single plug, this was fantastic. Desk contained a hot water heater and cups and glasses for tea/coffee. The coffee was the pouch type (actually pretty tasty) and was dutifully replaced every day. The fresh milk in the fridge was a nice touch as were the 2 water bottles also replaced daily. The bed was great, albeit, a bit too soft (can you believe it?) for me. The room was kept really clean, no complaints there. The flat screen TV was nice because it could be moved/rotated to face the bed. The bathroom was also clean and large enough for 2 people to both keep their toiletries on the sink. My only complaint was that the bathroom amenities only included a bar soap (which smelled great and which they recommend you take home - it's a full size bar), a small shampoo and a small shower gel. There was no lotion or conditioner. On the other hand, the products were Aveda so, you give to get. Just a warning that you'll want to bring your own products. No complaints overall on the room. Moving on to the staff, however. Overall, I would give the staff an E for effort because they tried hard but a F on actual knowledge. On our first night, we asked where the nearest bus stop was and were given blank stares. The next day we asked how to get to the Frieze art show and were again looked at oddly. There was a stack of newspapers on the counter which had, in a large banner, FRIEZE ART SHOW and the dates. So, we pointed this out and said we wanted to go there and could she tell us where the park was. No, she couldn't. We also asked if she could tell us how to get to a movie theater located on the mall and were asked, which mall? It became apparent quite quickly that there was a reason for those 4 computers with internet access....Finally, the location. It was a good 7+ minute walk to the tube, so, not exactly right around the corner. The area itself was a bit sketchy compared to the rest of London. There were some bars, but, definitely a younger (read: late teens to mid-20s) crowd. Not really a lot of restaurants. However, we only walked left out of the hotel, we never explored what was right. We found that catching the bus (once we found out where the stops were) was actually a good way to go to get around. The hotel itself wasn't bad, just not great for first time visitors. I'd probably recommend someplace in the Kensington area first.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	2	4	2	3	4	

<Author>NitramRengaw
<Content>Excellent vaue for money Sad but true: Accommodation within the inner City of London is either hardly affordable or substandard. There is, however, a third choice since the Hoxton opened its gates in 2006. Within the Borough of Hackney, but adjacent to the City of London, the newly built Hoxton offers the quality  comfort of a **** design hotel at rates, which can be as low as BB. Bookings can be placed no more than approximately 4 months in advance and rates tend to rise up to average business hotel level when booking is placed with little or no time in advance (similar to airfare pricing). Booking is easy via the website of the Hoxton hotel - actually I think there is no other way. Your credit card will be balanced instantly and there is no refund in case of later cancellation. With that in mind, it is a good idea to book as early as your travel plans are decided  scheduling is final.The stylish rooms are not huge but reasonably spaced (same for the bathroom featuring a shower cabin). Flat screen TV  water boiler for tea and coffee are provided, as well as a fridge and a safe for valueables .Full or continental breakfast is not included but upon request a paper bag with a free morning snack will cling to your door handle. The Hoxton lacks a fitness room, but free access to a nearby fitness center is granted to hotel guests.There are also conference rooms with media support for rent.Within the Borough of Hackney the Hoxton is located at the tip to the City of London, roughly where Shoreditch  Hoxton meet. This area used to be pretty run down, but started to attract more and more young  creative folks on their search for affordable housing, having made it a center of the London art scene. This area appears to be gaining permanently. Brick Lane  Spitalfields Market are within walking distance. Old Street, the closest Underground station, is no more than a 5 minutes walk away, even Liverpool Street is within walking distance, which comes in handy when flying in via Stansted with light baggage.Especially on weekend evenings the beautifully designed lobby as well as the coctail bar and the hotel restaurant become real busy as many nightbirds from outside the hotel flock in.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	3	4	5	3	5	

<Author>crimbles
<Content>Great hotel, great location, nothing bad to say. Stayed for 2 nights at the Hoxton on a Friday and Saturday. As soon as you enter the modern, artistic reception/bar area you are greeted with warm Hoxton friendliness. The staff are welcoming and the decor is contemporary.Ask for a room on a high floor in order to get away from the noise in the bar, as yes it is noisy until the DJ finishes. The rooms are spot on. Everything you need from a hotel. Comfy bed and pillows. Fab rain shower! Even down to the detail of a carton of milk in the fridge and 2 bottles of water, plus coffee and tea.The free breakfast bag is a nice touch and the prices for breakfast are not bad for London (拢8 for a full fry up).Would recommend without doubt. Prices are low and well worth the extra to the cost of a travelodge/premier inn.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GingerLizard
<Content>Everything I wanted from a hotel Everything I wanted from a hotel. Great room, everything worked well, free wired or wireless net access via laptop, or use the flatscreen tv. Overlooked some office and little college, outdoor partying in progress but not excessively noisy. Small supermarket opposite hotel. Very nicely styled room, very comfortable. Very large open reception and bar area, though didn't use this. Would make a good rendezvous point. Probably a very good hotel if you were going clubbing. I doubt they'd raise an eyebrow no matter how outrageous you looked. Cool easygoing staff.Breakfast is by pret a manger and is left hanging on your door handle overnight. Not a huge meal, but certainly to my taste.I would recommend this to anyone that likes a younger hotel.Website booking wouldn't work, so phoned them and got a price lower than lastminute - paid 85 quid for a lovely spacious double.I regard this place as my number 1 choice.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>marco_mazzei
<Content>It's true!       Bed and bedroom  
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>simoma
<Content>Cool       room  
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	3	4	

<Author>Funky_travel_junky
<Content>Hip and cheap as chips! This is my hotel of choice when working in London - close to work in Shoreditch and handy for Old St and LIverpool St stations with a friendly, relaxed and stylish vibe to it.It's like they focus grouped everything that's essential/superfluous in your usual hotel room and added in a few home comforts - big ticks for the free wifi, comfy beds with white linen, mugs for tea and REAL MILK (when did you last see that in a 拢79 hotel room?), Pear's soap and a few luxuries like Aveda shampoo (instead of useless body lotion and travel kits) and 'rain' /Japanese shower options.Breakfast is a brown bag from Pret outside your door - OJ, fruit/yoghurt/granola cup and a banana and my only quibble is that room service is quite limited and stops at 11pm.It's a winning cheap chic formula - can't wait too see it rolled out around the UK. Great deals and promotions via their website too.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>RachelNLondon
<Content>What a perfect place for a girl's night out base! Recently had a group booking of 8 rooms for a hen weekend. We stayed at the Hoxton as it was central for us all to get to and central to where we wanted to go. It was great! A little pricey in the Grille but it was good food. The decor was great. Very trendy. Staff were incredibly helpful and friendly and polite. We were there as a hen party so we appreciated a late bar and it being quite noisy. Would have been a different story if we'd been with the other halves and/or kids. The rooms were really nice. The shower could have done with being a little more powerful. A small trickle doesn't do the hangover any favours! Would heartily recommend.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PWhitman
<Content>Believe the hype.. It must be easy to get carried away with the awards and the newspaper name checks, but the Hoxton is a rare creature - a hotel that delivers on the promise. Don't get me wrong, the Hoxton is not The Bonham, or Westbury - but it is everything you need in a hotel. From the comfortably cool decor, through the friendly (yes - you read that right!) staff to the small but perfectly formed rooms, the Hoxton is effortless. Rooms are not huge - in fact about the size of a decent travelodge room - but comfortable beds, simple but effective decor and excellent bathrooms (great shower) make up. Add in free high speed wifi throughout, free morning Guardian and a simple but tasty restaurant and you have a winning formula. All within 15 minutes walk of the City (and on the 55 bus route to Oxford St). The earlier you book, the cheaper it is. Going to prove that affordable and hospitable in London is indeed possible.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>dollylollypops
<Content>Loved it This place is excellent. I stayed for 3 nights whilst on a training course for work. The bar and restaurant within the hotel adds a great atmosphere at the hotel lobby/reception area. Absolutely spotless rooms, very comfortable beds and really nice bathrooms (i'm very fussy so they must be good). Free WiFi for everybody and the reception has a small shop where you can buy chilled beers, wine, champagne at shop prices not hotel prices.The breakfast which is included in the price of the room is small and is left outside your room at the time you request (a pret a manger breakfast - yoghurt, banana and fresh orange juice.) You can choose to have a cooked breakfast at the grille restaurant downstairs at extra cost. The coffee in the room is really nice too and they provide mini bottles of fresh milk and water which is also complementary.I'd definitely recommend this place and would stay again if i visited London. My partner was well and truly fed up of me going on about it when i got home and thinks i must be on some kind of commission. It really is a good place to choose and only a few mins walk from Old St tube.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>patrick0
<Content>Can be very noisy - avoid 1st floor My main recommendation is to avoid the 1st floor (or 2nd level for Americans). I stayed there recently on a Friday night and the noise from the DJ in the bar below was unbearable. I called the reception and asked for earplugs but they didn't stock them. They said the bar closed at 1.30am, fortunately the music stopped at 1am. I was unable to sleep until the music stopped (there can't have been adequate sound proofing as it was very loud). I imagine it's similar on a Saturday night.I should qualify the above by saying I've stayed at the Hoxton quite a few times on Friday nights prior to that and have not had a problem with noise, but my most recent stay was the first time I'd stayed on the 1st floor.The HH has very comfortable beds and a bathroom with shower/toilet/sink. The reception and corridors have an industrial feel. You get 2 free bottles of water, a carton of milk and free breakfast if you remember to put the paper bag on the hook outside your room. Most other supplies are available cheaply downstairs or at the Costcutter shop across the road. There were free Guardian newspapers in reception in the morning.A few times I've stayed there's only been one set of towels so I've had to request another for my partner.The location isn't great if you're planning on being in central London - but it's easy enough to get the Northern line to Kings X then the Victoria Line to Oxford Circus.If you stay Sat night then on Sunday mornings it's definitely worth visiting the Columbia Road flower market which is about 10 mins walk from the hotel (ask reception for directions). It's not just flowers - along Columbia Road there's plenty of interesting shops with paintings, cakes and so on. I've spotted celebrities both times I've been.There are also lots of good and cheap Vietnamese restaurants on Kingsland Road (about 5 mins walk) - do some research on the internet if you're interested.The free internet access via wifi or ethernet is okay for recreational use. But I found when using ethernet network access, advertisements for the Hotel's network provider were inserted into web pages I was browsing and this prevented me logging into work's VPN. I had to use a 3G card on my laptop instead.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	2	4	2	3	2	

<Author>Nancyshhdoll
<Content>Good bargain hotel in a quirky part of London If you can grab a bargain rate (ours was 拢79 each night) then you have got yourself a very good deal. If I paid full price (拢179) then there are better hotels to be found in central London for that rate.You need to be able to be a good sleeper as there is lots of traffic noise, and the age-old problem of drunk people being loud in the corridor outside your room in the early hours, plus the usual poor soundproofing between rooms. I was woken up by a couple who were rather noisy in bed in one of the rooms above!A 5-10 minute walk brings you to the old Shoreditch market area, which is buzzing with bars, quirky shops and restaurants. It has the bonus of being around the corner from Liverpool Street. This area fills up very quickly on Sunday mornings for people browsing the flea market and having brunch al fresco.I would stay here again. I think that the foyer area can sem a bit intimidating for first-timers as I was not sure if this was a hotel or a bar or a club. Lots of people hanging out, trying to look cool but wanting to be noticed.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	4	3	2	3	4	

<Author>MintTea
<Content>Loved it so much, just booked to stay again! I was booked to stay at the Hoxton for a business trip so wasn't sure of the rates or what to expect.On arrival, you just know the Hoxton will be a little different! The entrance has a relaxed feel with a bar and big lazy leather chairs. The decor is very modern with arty lighting but without looking pretentious. The staff are all young and 'hip' looking but very very helpful and friendly.My double room was just the right size to be small yet comfortable. I love the fact that you get big coffee mugs so can make a decent cuppa with real milk in a carton in the fridge! It was also great to get bottles of water replenished each day. The little breakfast bag that you can get in the morning is also a nice quirky touch.The bedroom is decorated in the same modern style as the rest of the hotel and really does live up to its 'urban chic' tagline. The flat screen television can be angle to watch in bed while luxuriating on the big comfy cushions.The wetroom style of the bathroom is also really well done as is the addition of the real Pears soap. Remember to take your own toiletries with you as you only get soap and shampoo here.I really enjoyed my stay and the atmosphere in this hotel is so relaxed and unpretentious that I've just booked it again for a leisure trip.The hotel is a short walk to Old Street station and not even 10 minutes from Liverpool Street. Well worth a visit!  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Cat_Ar
<Content>A very pleasant surprise My boyfriend and I live in London, but booked the hotel through their 拢1 room sales, for a change of scenery.We weren't expecting much, given we'd only paid 拢30. But we were really pleasantly surprised.Firstly, the area. As the name suggests, the hotel is in Hoxton. Some people might think this is quite scruffy, and see this as a negative. However, while it isn't very pretty, it is really quite a nice part of town, full of trendy bars and restaurants. Transport wise, there is a tube station 3 mins up the road, and loads of cabs always going past the hotel.The arty nature of the area is reflected in the decor of the hotel, which is contemporary and industrial. The rooms have got nice little design touches and the bar serves modern cocktails.The staff we encountered were all very friendly and helpful and there are nice touches in the hotel, such as free newspapers and breakfasts.The room was a decent size and the bed was very comfy (if I was going to have one gripe, I'd say the bed was a little smaller than you usually find in hotels, but let's be honest, I paid 拢30 for a room!)All in all, a great hotel.Probably not the part of London to stay in if you are a family wanting to do lots of sightseeing.But if you are group of friends, or a couple, wanting to be close to the cool bars and near the the tube stations, you could do a lot worse than stay here  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>sameoldg2
<Content>Great experience I couldn't really believe that I got such a great price on this hotel considering what I saw on their website. It looked like a fantastic, if unbelievable, value. I was not disappointed.Let me start by saying that the hotel is not in a great location. It is just a short walk from Old Street station which means it is easily accessible by tube, and it is a slightly longer but not too long of a walk from Liverpool Street station, which makes it very convenient by bus. However, there's not a lot going on (nightlife or sights) in this area itself.That said, the hotel is very modern and has a very low-key, no-frills attitude, without sacrificing the accommodations. The front desk staff are very approachable and friendly, and the rooms are small but nicely appointed. Our twin room had two beds (very comfortable) each with their own nightstand and a chaise by the window. There's a fridge in the room, in which you receive two free bottles of water every day. There's also free Wifi. The desk even had a wine opener in it.The bathroom was quite nice, with a nice glass-enclosed shower and plenty of counter space. There was only one bar of soap, which was kind of odd - we had to keep moving it between the sink and the shower.You receive the free breakfast in a paper bag which you hang outside your room before you go to bed. You receive in it the next morning an orange juice, banana, and a yogurt and granola parfait cup from the Pret. Its just enough to get you going in the morning, but big breakfast eaters may be a little hungry.One thing I thought was quite novel about this place: the ironing room. I always am frustrated by the lack of an iron in European hotels, so I was surprised when the front desk staff told me I could go to the 6th floor and iron in the ironing room. There literally are three irons and ironing boards there where you can iron your clothes without having to wait for an iron to be brought up to your already cramped room. Great idea!If you get a good price on this hotel I'd highly recommend it if you don't mind taking the tube (potentially for a long ride..) to wherever you may be headed.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	2	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jum_suffolk
<Content>Fantastic experience We stayed at the Hoxton on a Saturday night and were made to feel welcome from the moment we arrived. After bad experiences with other hotels we were pleased that the room was exactly as shown on the website and the breakfast in bed was a nice touch. The only downside was that we had arranged to go out that evening as the bar/restaurant was really busy, vibrant and had 30% off wine. We are definitely going back.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>lucy_luge
<Content>Amazing hotel stay We booked the hotel stay during the 拢1 sale and got our room for around 拢30, SUCH a bargain it was unbelievable. Lovely rooms, well furnished, if a little small. Nice little touches too, such as the Pret breakfast and real milk in your fridge. Good location too. Will definitely be back, even if we pay full price next time.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>thesaint01
<Content>Great design hotel at a budget price The Hoxton is really a great hotel for anyone who wants to stay in the Shoreditch-area. I stayed there for 3 nights and really liked the place. Starting with the location: It is located close to (around 5 minutes, probably a little less) from Old Street Station. It is also possible to walk, around 8-10 mintues, from Liverpool Street station (can be more convenient depending on how and where you arrive to London). The Shoreditch area has an abundance of bars and clubs and also quite a few good restaurants. There are also a couple of markets during the weekends. It is also easy to head to other central parts of London so the location is great.The check-in at the hotel was swift and easy. The staff was very friendly and we got to choose between a room facing the yard or the street. I would recommend getting on facing the yard, although there is not much traffic at night the street may still be a bit noisy considering the bars and stuff located close by. It is also worth noting that the hotel also has a bar and restaurant so it tends to get rather rowdy downstairs during weekends but we couldn鈥檛 hear any noise in the room.The room was nice, clean and roomy. There was a large bed, a small sofa and a desk. The bed was quite comfortable and there was a flat screen TV. The only drawback with the TV was the location. It had been placed so the angle made it difficult (but not impossible) to see it from the bed. It was clear that they made an effort to have a pretty clean design and I think they made a pretty good job. There was also coffee, tea, and mineral water provided (for free) in the room. There was also hair-dryer, water boiler, safe and iron provided. The bath room was rather large; there was no bath tub, only a shower. All of it seemed recently renovated (as did the room). There was soap and shampoo provided. My girlfriend thought it was strange that they did not provide conditioner.There is breakfast included (it is delivered to your room.) Basically you hang a paper bag outside the room (stating what time you want breakfast for and how many people). Then you鈥檒l find a bag outside the room in the morning. It is not a big breakfast but still pretty nice with fresh OJ, banana, yogurt with muesli and some days something extra (seems to be for holidays, we got some sweets with breakfast when it was a bank holiday).Other things worth mentioning is that they have free Internet (if one has a lap-top there is free WiFi or one can use the computers down-stairs). The staff is also very helpful, they had several good recommendations in the area. Perhaps the best part is that such a good hotel is rather cheap. Booking rather well in advance it only set us back 拢59 per night (in total 拢177).  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Emsy1981
<Content>Absolutely superb! We stayed at the Hoxton for 3 nights at the end of July, and got one of their special low rate deals for one night, and the total package was 拢168 for two people for three nights.Arrived in reception and were immediately advised that our room was going to be nearer the lifts as their was some building work further up the hotel which was fab, we were in a room that looked straight down over the court yard.We ate dinner and breakfast in the hotel once and could not fault it. The rooms were a little on the small size but had everything you need and I just loved it, the special little touches like fresh milk in the fridge and the pret-a-manger breakfast bag.An ideal base for exploring London, only 5 minutes from a tube stop, and although we had trouble getting back one night as we missed the last tube, and struggled for a taxi, we still had a great time in a lovely hotel!The staff were all really friendly and polite and full of information if you needed it...Would I stay again - definately!  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>scancat
<Content>Absolutely excellent       Wall Art  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jane_and_Ben
<Content>An absolute gem! Don't say it too loudly or everyone will book it up - the Hoxton is one of the best hotels in the UK and definitely the best I have stayed in in London. Where to start - the lovely, super helpful staff, the great bar/restaurant area, the little touches in the bedroom like fresh milk and the corkscrew? Or the wonderful rooms, home from home comfort and the fabulous rates to be had if you book early. A fab hotel which I hope to return to again very soon. Great location, great staff, super comfortable. Why can't there be one in every city?  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>|Bodster
<Content>Not disappointed Having read the glowing reviews of the Hoxton we thought it was probably going to be OK but you never can tell... Location is good. Old Street is not the most salubrious of areas but much better and busier than it used to be. It's also really central - easy to get into the West End and to the City and there's a lot going on locally too.The check-in was friendly and efficient. We asked for a quiet room and were allocated one at the top, back of the hotel. It was probably as good as it could be given that we were in central London.The room - it was as though someone had been listening to all the comments I'd ever made in other hotel rooms and had dealt with them all. The room was spotless, really clean. There was air conditioning but you could open the windows too. The bed was comfy. In addition to tea and coffee, herbal teas, decaffeinated coffee and fresh milk were provided. There was also a little fridge. The walk in shower in the bathroom had two shower heads - a fixed overhead power shower and a moveable 'wand' shower - genius! You also got a bar of Pears soap and the invitation to take it with you so no more wasting those little bars of soap you usually get. Plus v nice Aveda shampoo freebies. The room wasn't enormous but it was perfectly big enough and there was plenty of storage space. The only quibble, if forced to find one, is that I'd agree with a previous comment - better reading lights would be an improvement. But that's the worst thing I could find to say...The pret lite breakfasts were also a great idea!Being in Shoreditch and from the 'look' of the hotel, I was worried the Hoxton might be achingly trendy. But it wasn't - it's stylish but welcoming and there was a wide variety of people staying there - young, old, singles, couples, families and from all over the world - everyone seemed happy... A reasonably priced, well conceived and managed hotel. We already have a return visit booked. Hope they can keep the standards up.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	-1	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Cuskie
<Content>Wow Fantastic hotel I have just spent 2 nights here over the August bank holiday. now reading the other reviews I paid a lot more for my room, 拢59 a night but I tell you what, it was worth every penny!!The decor of the hotel is industrial contemporary, unlike any hotel I've stayed in and I thought it was brilliant. One of the moans I often have is the quality of the bed, we have a good one at home and the ones in hotels are never as good, in this hotel the bed was better. Great nights sleep, excellent shower, nice TV, free internet, what can I say, I liked the room!!!As for food I usually never eat in hotels, I usually avoid inflated hotel prices and eat somewhere else. Not so here, we ate in the hotel twice and both times the food exceeded our expectations. The area is also good with a wide choice of cafes, restaurants and bars available from the basic to the trendy.The bottom line is when I stay in London this is the hotel I will try first  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pinkyblue
<Content>really great hip hotel Stayed there in June 2008 and returning in September... The staff is so wonderful and very accomodating. Every morning they have a free breakfast of banana, juice and yogurt and free bottles of water. The rooms are small, but very well kept and clean.Definitely would recommend it to anyone who wants a hassle-free stay in London. And it's close to the Old Street train station...  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>abcdmerseyside
<Content>Hoxton is brilliant! Stayed 22-24th August 2008. for a family wedding..BRILLIANT HOTEL! All the staff were lovely and very helpful.The rooms were spotless,the bathroom was great. Nice that there was water and milk left in fridge,and lots of tea and coffee to use. The free safe was very handy.The Pret breakfast is a nice idea, but not filling enough for the hungrier members of our family!! We had bought the MORE card at the restaurant desk ,拢15, which came in very handy! We were entitled to various discounts on our drinks bill at the bar and a fantastic 50% discount on breakfast and a couple of bar snacks we had.Only 5 minutes to Old Street subway on the Northern line. We all agreed we would highly recommend the Hoxton.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>horse_hugger
<Content>Great Hotel! We started our honeymoon in London and decided to stay in a really nice hotel for just a couple of days. We chose the Hoxton - it was super clean, the beds were comfortable, staff was friendly and it was in a great location. Each room has its own little refrigerator (so we could keep our Champagne cold - handy!). Breakfasts were good - delivered to your door at a time specified by you. I highly recommend this hotel!  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Stuart34
<Content>A really great London hotel This is one of the nicest hotels I've stayed in. As mentioned in other reviews the hotel has a very contemporary feel, and has really thought out-of-the-box about what guests want from a night's stay. The shower and bathroom was one of the nicest I've had in a hotel, and the Pret light breakfast really hit the spot - who really wants a full fry up every morning any way!Above that I was really impressed by the resonable prices at the bar and grill. The staff were superb and really friendly. They seemed to really care that we had chosen to stay there. I would highly recommend this hotel, and wouldn't be surprised if it made its way higher up the TripAdvisor list.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	4	5	5	4	

<Author>alisonfay
<Content>Sign up for the email deals.....what a deal Sign up for the emails and you get advance warning of their rooms sales.I tried, but was unsucessul at their 拢1 rooms so booked on their 拢29 specials.Boy, what a great surprise, a great hotel, even if we hadn't have gotten the deal we did it's a great hotel. Clean clean rooms. Great friendly informal polite staff. Rooms full of the stuff you need and none of the stuff you don't. I wish all rooms were like this.Bathroom, huge and adequate. Fridge in the room, not filled with 拢3 chocolate bars and pistashio nuts for a fiver, but empty to put your bottle of water or milk (comp btw)Location. Great, close the to tube and not in the middle of everything.Can't praise it enough. Will definately stay again.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>hotelfanLondon
<Content>A little gem The Hoxton is an amazing hotel. It has real wow factor, but is surprisingly affordable - especially at their off peak times. My husband and I have stayed several times on Sunday nights, and have got a room, including 'breakfast in a bag' delivered to your room for just 拢30. I like the whole concept of a hotel. They have really tried hard to address the things that annoy people about a lot of hotels. For example, there's no extortionate mini bar in the rooms. But if you want booze or chocolate or snacks, you can buy it from reception at normal shop prices. This is not a hotel that's trying to rip you off. The rooms are on the small side, but are very stylish and have everything you need. Also, the bar and bistro are great. Hoxton is a funky area, so lots of other great places to eat and drink nearby. I really can't recommend this place highly enough!  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GarryBNorfolk
<Content>best hotel bathroom ever! Just got back from a one night stay in this hotel and absolutely loved it! It was the same price as a Travelodge but was very, very luxurious! The room was very clean, the bed was comfortable and the bathroom was just stunning - better than the Hilton at Canary Wharf, which is twice the price!The staff were very friendly, the free breakfast is great, it's all exactly like on their website!The room service menu (from the Grille downstairs) was a bit expensive, but there are tons of places to eat in the area (great pizza at Yard) so it didn't matter.Check out at noon is nice, and real milk to make tea with is a bonus.I've been wanting to stay here for two years and wasn't in the least bit disappointed! I'll defintely go back, hugely recommended!  
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>moaksey
<Content>Amazing hotel. Why is it so cheap?! I live around the corner from this hotel but a family member who was coming to town had to cancel so I decided to use the room instead of waste it. My partner and I stayed for Saturday and Sunday night. I know of the hotel and had been in it a few times and had always wondered what it was like, having heard so many good reviews.Overall: It is a very modern, stylish, contemporary hotel which has been very well-designed. I think it is aimed at a younger crowd, but I think it is suitable for all ages. More hotels should be like this and I think they will become so.Cost: The room was 拢79 per night. I was expecting them to sacrifice quality somehow but they didn't. I really don't know how, or rather why it is such good value. It is by far the best value hotel in London I've ever come across. The cost/quality ratio is all off - a place like this should cost so much more. Room: The room was pretty good. The design is good and I loved the colour scheme. It was small, but no smaller than you can expect in London. TV channel selection was a bit boring, but you really shouldn't be watching too much of it if you're visiting London!Bed: The bed was so comfortable. The linen is as good as they say it is. I wanted to swap it with the one we have at home.Bathroom: The rain shower was great. They provide Aveda toiletries which was a nice touch (although we didn't seem to have any shower gel - just shampoo). Staff: The staff were all great. They were casual but totally professional. The fuse in our room went one evening and I told reception. They guy I told ran up and sorted it out himself. Fantastic. Food: We didn't eat or drink at the hotel (other than breakfast) but the in-house restaurant is pretty well-known in the area and is supposed to be great. Breakfast: They provide a free Pret-a-Manger breakfast in a bag - hung on your door whenever you like. It is pretty amazing - why don't other cost-conscious hotels offer this? What more do people need?! I kind of wished there was some kind of pastry in it though (you get OJ, yoghurt and a banana). Location: People shouldn't moan about the location. If you want to stay in the middle of a tourist trap then do so - but you'll stay in a dingy, miserable hotel and pay a fortune for it. Take my advice as a Londoner, and stay here. The whole Old Street/Hoxton/Shoreditch area is great - especially if you want to see real London. There's everything in the area - and you're so close to the tube and buses which take you right downtown.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	-1	5	5	5	

<Author>SilverL
<Content>Weekend at the Hoxton During the week, the Hoxton is a fairly pricey (by Canadian standards) business hotel, but on the weekend, prices drop dramatically, making it an affordable tourist hotel and one that鈥檚 fun to stay at. We booked a weekend this July and paid about half what it costs to stay here during the week. Check in was fine, our room was away from the weekend noise one finds in this area of London. The rooms are well equipped and comfortable with the kinds of amenities that N.A. travelers are used to such as ironing facilities, real coffee for the coffee makers, and ice machines on the floors. Expect lots of weekend nightlife both inside and outside the premises. My only quibble was the lack of a reading light. There is a tiny bedside light but it鈥檚 not suitable for bedtime reading. We had a very pleasant 3 night stay.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>travelwurst
<Content>Best choice for younger audience in East London The Hoxton is a perfect hotel for East London experience.Book the rooms ahead and u will get weekend deals for 59 pounds up to 99 pounds. the size of the rooms is great for london standards, u get free bees like wifi and a pret breakfast bag with yoghurt and juice.you also have complementary water in the fridge.The Hotel itself is a bit of a self service experience, check in and out are efficient, you can buy snacks and drinks at the reception thats about it.This place is all about location, location, location!6 minutes walk from old street tube, 5 minutes to Hoxton Square, 3 minutes to Cargo night club and the sunday flower market is about 12 minutes away.Bricklane about 10minutes.There are a lot of cool shops and restaurants in this area.Pefect for a weekend clubbing, cool shopping and hitting the bars in East London.If the Hoxton is booked try the St. Gregory (now a crown plaza) a few blocks away.So overall: top price for a very good experience.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	3	3	5	

<Author>Monkey2007
<Content>Great Base from which to visit and enjoy London! Great hotel - and excellent value for money given quality of rooms. Lovely bedlinen, thick fluffy towels and all spotlessly clean. Quiet too - we asked for a room facing the rear of the property.In your room as well as facilities you might expect e.g. hairdryers, you also get half a pint of milk in the fridge, which British people will appreciate - so much better than UHT for your cup of tea! Complimentary bottles of mineral water also very welcome. And we liked the novel idea of offering complimentary breakfasts from Pret-a-Manger, which you can have brought to your room, which include muesli with yoghurt, fresh juice and a banana.The Hoxton Grille restaurant was also good value and offered quality food. The overall set-up is to charge fairly and not over-price: very refreshing in London! We were also impressed by friendly and helpful staff who seem to come largely from Eastern European countries. Without exception they were cheery and motivated.We'll definately use the Hoxton again.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Nina1976
<Content>By far the best option on this side of town! Great place to stay and play for sure. If you want to be on this side of town you can't go past it. Hotel features are as you would expect but the vibe is what makes the place (and the bathrooms are a good size!) Everybody casual yet professional. Great bar scene on location and great surrounding area for going out. Nobody looking down on you when you return in the wee hours of the morning either which is a welcome change! I like the Hoxton/Shoreditch area but I guess its not everyones scene. If you are looking for something that looks like Notting Hill the area is not for you but you might even put up with it to stay at the Hoxton!  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tubbies74
<Content>Great Hotel well worth a visit I managed to get a room for a quid on one of their promotions I stayed there for 1 night in March for my sons 11th birthday he woke up in the Hoxton Hotel on his brithday the room was immaculate facitilies excellent, the staff brilliant I was lucky to get a room during one of their famous promotion periods but would have gladly paid to stay there. The location isnt too bad about 10 minutes walk from the nearest tube station Old Street.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>paulieuk
<Content>Smart nice rooms, great little touches       Great attitude pervades even the signs  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>rocks8
<Content>flawless a fantastic hotel experience. the staff were great,the rooms are exactly what one needs, the ambience is great...the location very good.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Rob_Innes
<Content>Fantasic Hotel I stay in the Hoxton every week, usually Tuesday through Thursday and it really is like a home away from home. Everyone has a smile on their faces and the welcome is sincere. The bar does not feel like a hotel bar, it's a cool place to hang out in Shoreditch. Love it.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SurreyTbt
<Content>Great hotel We stayed here for, sadly , one night only and we loved it. We were lucky enough to have a room at their 拢29 promotion rate.....the hotel was funky and modern yet still traditional in some aspects and the reception areas etc and our room were spotless. Staff v friendly and guests of all ages. Free wi fi and if you forgot your laptop, free pc's by reception! A 3-4 min walk from Old Street tube and 2 quick tube journeys to Covent Garden. A cab home from Leicester Square in the evening was 拢15, just to give you an idea. We didnt have time to eat at the in house Grille but wish we had as it smelt great! Re noise, we stayed on a Sun night and weren't really disturbed by any (we were the Willow Street side)- we heard the odd few bottles getting chucked out and the re cycle lorry in the morning at 8.30 but hey, its a city so there's bound to be some noise. If you feel strongly about the odd bit of noise, ask to stay in the inner row of rooms that face the inside of the hotel. Would deff recommend this hotel, even at their normal full price.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mariu-Ben
<Content>Very nice hotel!! The Hoxton Hotel is great. We really enjoyed staying there!The room was nice and clean, comfy bed, very nice bathroom, nice smell through out the corridors, cool lift! And it looks exactly like the pictures on their site or here on tripadvisor.People are very nice and friendly and you have internet access wherever you are, that's why I'm giving the 'excellent' rate. It was really important for us to be able to use out laptops in our room with no effort or extra cost!Nice free breakfast in the room and was quite convenient to have The Grill in the hotel which served very nice meals. For us was also a very convenient location and was easy to get there from Stansted airport. We will definitely stay there again!  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>kiosk62
<Content>I'll be back Stayed two nights end of May. In London to see Bruce Springsteen. Both Hoxton and The Boss were excellent. The hotel is exactly as they say on the site. The staff are friendly and relaxed there is no sense that some guests are being treated better than others all rooms are the same size so guests are all equal.Rooms are clean and compact but well designed. Breakfast in bag is very handy. Ate in Grille one night food was good value.Area is very buzzy some might say seedy but there were plenty of people about night and day and there was no bad vibe. Friday and Sat night area around hotel and hotel bar are jumping. If you want a quiet night get a room at the back were you will not hear anything.I would advise anyone to take the risk pay your money and enjoy the stay. I'll be back for sure.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Crstina
<Content>Very Impressed We really enjoyed our stay at the Hoxton. We were able to secure one of the sale rooms, but even at a higher price, it is worth the money. The bed was very comfortable, the bathroom was roomy (which isn't always the case in European hotels) and we liked all of the extras, such as the milk, water, breakfast bag, cheap phone calls to the States and the minibar. I have never stayed in a hotel in any city that was so reasonable. The walk to the tube was only a couple minutes, so that wasn't a big deal to us and our room was perfectly quiet. We will definitely return.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MargaretPonthir
<Content>A bargain I booked a room in one of their periodic sales. I didn't get a confirmation as indicated online and only found out that they had taken my booking when I noticed it on my credit card statement. I then had to call the hotel to check what date I had booked.They admitted they had had problems with their booking system but as I on;y paid 拢29 for a twin room who's complaining ? The hotel was great; lovely room with fridge and cold drinks as well as milk for teas and coffee and breakfast in a bag was a nice touch. We did eat in the restaurant too on a special 2for 1 deal but it was only ok. The Hoxguide in the room recommends some really nice places and Spitalfiels market is well worth a visit. The area is so so -we got a taxi back in the evening rather than using the tube but there again I'm a middle aged old f**t so not a risk taker. But I would certainly stay at the Hoxton again.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>detoxed
<Content>Excellent choice in London Situated two tube stops from King's Cross / St. Pancras and within walking distance of Liverpool Street, this is about the best you can do for a good and quirky hotel close to the centre of London without paying a fortune. Reception staff are friendly and efficient (allowed us to check in a few hours early). The rooms are big enough for London and the upper floors have good views over the surrounding area. Good bathrooms. Breakfast (muesli, banana) is delivered in a paper bag or you can head downstairs for something more substantial. Lots of coming and going and a buzz in the bar and grill in the evening. In all, a great choice for exploring a lesser known part of London.  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ScubaCat28
<Content>Excellent       Foyer  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>RogueRogan
<Content>Makes you realise what's bad with Travelodge and Premier Inn! This hotel re-defines business travel in my eyes, it makes me realise everything I hate about Premier Lodges and Travelinn鈥檚. It鈥檚 also a perfect hotel where you can go with your significant other and use as a base for going out in trendy bars and restaurants when you鈥檙e not at work. I really like the fact that they鈥檝e got real milk and real filter coffee sachets, simple and complimentary breakfasts that I鈥檓 not worried I鈥檓 going to sleep through or be ripped off, hypoallergenic soap 鈥?I鈥檓 actually allergic to a lot of soaps and usually carry my own but they had the good 鈥楶ears鈥?stuff!When we visited my partner suffers from allergies and they replaced the duck down pillows with synthetic ones with no problems. The decoration is simple, but really nice, everything is contemporary.Bar and restaurant are really good 鈥?also liked the little shop where you could get a bottle of wine for a nightcap and take that back to your room, where you have wine glasses provided and a bottle opener. I鈥檓 also pleased with the guide of the area they provided. We did go to Fifteen for breakfast which was really good. Had a really good stay, but I would have as I only paid a quid! Think the marketing trick has worked on me and I will look to stay there again. I have recently tried to book but unfortunately it was a last minute business trip and I didn鈥檛 feel that the price was right, I suppose I may get a better deal when I advance book in the future. Fingers crossed!  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	3	5	5	

<Author>margok773
<Content>perfect gem Amazing find in an up and coming artsy, edgy area yet on the border of the business center. Perfect to walk to city and feasible to walk to smithfield/charterhouse square area. Only a short tube from Islington and Upper Street nightlife or to the West End.Ive stayed in all types of properties in London in recent years from 5 star to serviced apartments and the Hoxton is perfect for a weekend trip if your going to be busy. The hotel staff is accommodating and friendly and the accommodations are clean and hip. The rooms are small, but for the price the cozy comfort, breakfast and restaurant/bar and amazing bed make you not fixate on it. free Internet as well! will be back asap!  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>GiloManila
<Content>Book.. and kiss your money goobye... I am not sure whether I am entitled to write a review because I never stayed at the Hoxton (and probably never will). However I thought of sharing with this community their rather aggressive booking and 'cancellation' policy. When I tried to book, they replied saying that the whole amount of the stay (9 days, in my case) would be charged to my credit card right away at the moment of the booking (no matter how many months in advance I was booking) and that the amount charged is not refundable in any way whatsoever, not even partially, even if one cancels well in advance. They also added that the closer to the departure date, the higher the rates.Now this seems to me quite excessive by all standards. To get lower rates one is forced to kiss his/her money goodbye forever or, alternatively, see the price go up!! Looks like they are managed Ryan Air style.. Some people may go along with that, but it is not acceptable to me. And I guess to many others... Beware. I personally would be scared to get into a deal with an establishment displaying this attitude to a potential client.  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Alfacita
<Content>Fair deal, but no need to brag Functional, clean, decent, well thought.The hotel does deliver what it promises in its site, plus it is really clean, and the staff is very nice. The neighboroud is somewhat peculiar (if you are over 20 or under 100, that is) but who complains to get to Broadgate in a 5 minutes walk?But a few less notices about how fair the hotel policies are would make for a more restfull stay...  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Stephanie99
<Content>London at the right price! The Hoxton Hotel is an excellent choice if you are looking for cleanliness and comfort in a stylish/modern setting at a reasonable price!!I stayed in a standard, double room and was pleased with both the size and cleanliness of the actual room/bathroom, as well as the amenities. The room was equipped with a flat screen television, hair dryer, local area map, shampoo, and free bottled water and skim milk in the fridge. Another extra perk was the availability of a free orange juice, banana and yogurt breakfast delivered to your door in the morning. The area surrounding the hotel isn't quite picturesque during the day time compared to more central areas of London. However, the hotel is located in close proximity to the Old Street metro station which makes accessing all points of interest in London an easy task. Within walking distance of the hotel there are also several nice bars, clubs, and restaurants. The map provided in the hotel room details many of these local hot spots.Overall, I would say this hotel is a great choice for it's cost, comfort, and convenience.  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>salsalScotland
<Content>If only every City had a Hoxton       VW  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mattje31
<Content>Wonderful hotel Just stayed at the Urban Lodge Hoxton for a birthday treat, and thought that every aspect was excellent. The staff were all extremely friendly and helpful, the rooms were very modern and cool, the showers were huge, the complimentary mineral waters and fresh milk were a lovely touch. The bar and restaurant were great, and the food was lovely. The courtyard in the summer is a great place to chill out and enjoy a drink. All in all, my wife and I would highly recomend this hotel, in a trendy part of London.  
<Date>May 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Rachael1
<Content>great price, fantastic attention to detail - a real gem This hotel is a real find. It is just around the corner from Old Street tube and a stroll from liverpool street and columbia road flower market so its in a great location. The rooms are fantastic - really well presented with fantastic attention to detail. Everything from the toiletries to the bag for breakfast was well thought out. You can use the pool down the road for 拢5 ( though we didnt) and there is a bar/restaurant downstairs which looked prettty busy (though our coke was flat.) The staff were really friendly and helpful. The only negative thing was the noise from the street. The rooms have air conditioning but if i stayed again I would definitely ask to be in a room off the street.I would definitely recommend this and stay again.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>feelymerl
<Content>Great srvice at the Hoxton We stayed at the Hoxton for 3 nights over the London Marathon weekend. We arrived early and were immediately allocated a room by a friendly staff member on reception. We mentioned that my husband was doing the marathon and were told that all marathon runners were being given free porridge on the day of the marathon, and that the restaurant was opening early to serve them. This was extremely welcome and much appreciated.We were pleased by everything at the Hoxton. The rooms were well equipped, clean and comfortable. All members of staff were pleasant and helpful. The food and drink was good value, no high priced hotel rip offs here! We would recommend the Hoxton highly and would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>KIPN
<Content>Great hotel! I just have to write a review of this hotel. My husband and I stayed for three nights early April and we absolutely loved it.Very nice room - modern, clean and practical. Lovely bed, nice big towels and a great bathroom too. Nice to get a small breakfast at the door in the morning - just enough to get your day started. Also practical with the free water bottles.We especially liked the reception area - a big lounge with fire places that was a nice place to drink a couple of cocktails in the afternoon. Very lively and fun place to sit and relax after a day of sightseeing or shopping. And afterwards you can stroll to one of the many restaurants or bars in the trendy Hoxton area.We also had dinner at the restaurant (the Grille) one evening as we had heard many positive things about it. I can really recommend it - very good food and outstanding service. All in all, very good value for money in London and a fantastic experience in every way. We are definitively going back!!  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Frampsta
<Content>Small but perfectly formed The Hoxton is a great place to stay if you want to check out a different side of London. The room we stayed in was quite small but was well laid out, with big windows adding plenty of natural light. The bathroom was large with a good-sized shower cubicle (although no bath). The lobby is well appointed, with a lodge theme and plenty of comfy sofas to lounge around in. A small but well-stocked library and a number of free internet PCs make this a good place to chill out.We ate in the restaurant and found the food to be decent although not exceptional. Shoreditch has some better restaurants but as we have eaten in most of them, it made sense to try something new.Overall I really enjoyed the Hoxton and would highly recommend this as an alternative place to stay. As its only 5 mins from the City it would suit business travellers who want a good nightlife / to get away from the square mile.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	4	-1	5	

<Author>Great1sttimeaway
<Content>Great 1st Time away       Front entrance,  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>LisaJLosAngeles
<Content>We Loved the Hoxton My boyfriend and I stayed at the Hoxton for 5 nights at the end of March 2008. We had a cozy room that was very clean and modern. We particularly appreciated the bathrooms! Hotels in London are extremely expensive and you simply cannot get a better value. The Hoxton is similar in quality to a Hilton or Marriott, but only a fraction of the cost. In addition, the Hoxton is a major London hangout and you can always find interesting people hanging out at the hotel's restaurant and bar. The staff is very accommodating and there are lots of cafes and restaurants in the area. Consider the Hoxton to be in the artsy part of London near lots of young professionals and nightlife.The Hoxton is highly recommend and we will stay again.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DIsan
<Content>Fantastic Value This hotel was recommended by our 20 year old Son,,We needed somewhere to stay for one night on a trip to London to see King Tut and The Warriors. My parents accompanied us, they are 78 and 79. Would it be too trendy? They LOVED it! The Sunday lunch was great value, rooms clean, decent pillows, brilliant shower,staff friendly, drinks not too overpriced.Fantastic value, at 拢30.00 per room. Diane Sheffield  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	3	4	4	4	5	

<Author>TeaAndToast
<Content>Brilliant value for money, thoroughly enjoyable stay I was sorely tempted to give the Hoxton 5/5 and for the 拢30 we paid for our saturday night stay it really does deserve full marks. However, on the basis that most people will be paying more like 拢70 to stay here I've only given it 4/5 (but if I could give it 4.5 I would!)I really like the location - it is edgy but shoreditch is really up and coming and there are loads of nice restaurants and bars close by. There are plenty of people around at night and because of that I felt as safe walking around as I do in any other area of London. It's also really convenient for the tube and you can jump on the northern / central lines and be anywhere else in central london in less than 15 mins.The rooms are small but really well laid out - a decent shower, aveda shampoo and pears soap, a fridge, corkscrew and free mineral water and mile all impressed me. And I enjoyed my pret breakfast too.The staff were great (which is not a given in london) and the reception and bar area is pretty spectacular. It was nice to head back to the hotel after a meal and relax with a couple of cocktails.The only down side for me was the noisy bin men (even on easter sunday!). There's probably not much the hotel can do about this but if I'd been staying for more than a couple of days I think it would have started to get pretty annoying. Overall brilliant value though and I'll definitely be returning.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>katep23
<Content>Fabulous hotel! I have just stayed at the Hoxton with my boyfriend and, although I have never been moved to review a hotel before, I have to recommend this hotel!The room was great, a good mix of trendy and practical, and was a good size, the bathroom was amazing with a huge shower and I cannot rave about the staff enough. Really helpful and incredibly efficient - I rang for some more teabags and they were delivered 2 minutes later.The hotel itself was amazing, really chic and unique. As per the other reviews, the location is a little challenging but we left the hotel late in the evening and had no trouble.It's the little things that make this hotel special - I love the fact they have fresh milk and give you a couple of bottles of water free. The low rate telephone calls and free internet access make it stand out. Also, they are very tongue in cheek about things - like the fact it saves them money if you reuse the towels.All in all, would thoroughly recommend this hotel to anyone!  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>silentvik
<Content>Love this place We found an offer to stay here for 拢30 and now I love this place! Ok, the rooms are a little small and the bathrooms don't have a lock but these are minor grumbles. The decor is cool, staff really friendly, rooms are comfortable and quiet and the bar serves good bourbon. What more can you want? Oh, and the locations is fantastic- 5 minutes from the tube and all you need to do to reach the bars of Old Street is fall out of bed. Also, you get Pret breakfast delivered to your room in the morning, which is a nice touch. Can't wait to stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>highlandlassie
<Content>Weekend Break At The Hoxton Stayed at the Hoxton for 2 nights.  Just around the corner from the hotel you can catch a No 55 bus which will take you into Oxford Circus. This bus also stops near the shows Spam a Lot and Blood brothers. You can then walk to Regent St and Oxford St with no problems. They don't have a ticket machine at this bus stop so you paid 拢2.00 per person. Once in Oxford Circus area you can purchase a day ticket for 拢3.50, which ends at 4.30am - good value for money, espically when you can use this ticket to get around buses in London - eg Harrods, trafalga square, picadilly circus, leicester square, etc, if you can't be bothered to walkOur room was 538 facing the wee supermarket, and at the front of the hotel - a wee bit of noise that lasted around 5 minsGood Points....Free SafeFridge - with water and milkCoffee/tea making facilitiesBreakfast in a bag - orange juice, banana, yoghurtFree Internet accessBad points.....The hotel is non smoking - I took 60 cigerattes with me and came back with 40 cigerattes - according to my daughter that was good.Would I go to this hotel again...........definately, even though I am smoker, who knows if I were to stay longer, then perhaps I would end up a non smoker LOL. Trying to talk hubby into going around Nov for another show.The show my daughter and i went to was Blood brothers - what a fantastic show.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>4	5	-1	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>OliviaMacau
<Content>The best hotel in central London It's really difficult to find a hip hotel room in central London which just costs 59 pounds! The Hoxton Hotel is the one!It's really convenient - just 3 min. walking distance from the tube station - Old Street. The lobby is well-designed, not like the traditional style in other hotels. The staff were helpful and polite. We arrived 2 hours before the check-in time and the staff allowed us to have early check-in.Though the room is a little bit small, it's really cosy and modern - with LCD TV, a couch and the best thing is the free-of-charge Wi-Fi service in room (usually this is charged in other hotels).Moreover, the bathroom is super clean. It's exactly like the photos shown from the website.Another bonus point is the breakfast. How can a 59-pound room include a Pret-A-Manger breakfast (with yokurt, banana and orange juice)? It's really fantastic!I've been recommending this hotel to all of my friends since I stayed there.I'll absolutely stay in the Hoxton Hotel if I visit London again.OliviaMacau, China  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>linds0151
<Content>good for th price I stayed the hoxton on my last visit to London, it was a bit out of the way compared to where I normally stay. The hotel was very modern and a nice enviroment, the staff were very friendly. The room was really nice and modern I loved staying in this hotel. The ony downside was the noise as the bar downstairs gets really busy and the music doesnt stop till the early hours. All in all it was a lovely hotel nice staff nice place to eat but very noisy after a long day shopping!  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>e16guy
<Content>Another fantastic stay at the Hoxton Our second stay at the Hoxton, and another wonderful stay there. We were impressed last time, and this time was better in most ways. We had a really warm welcome at reception when checking in, the receptionist congratulated us on getting such a good rate (I'm one of the lucky ones who managed to get a 拢1 deal during their last sale) and seemed genuinely pleased for us, gently suggesting we should therefore spend lots of extra money on food and drink intead. I took this in the friendly manner in which it was intended.Room was wonderful. It's true that they're not the biggest rooms around, but they are very cleverly designed and feel quite spacious. The bathrooms are wonderful, with walk-in showers, and everything is spotlessly clean. The beds are extremely comfortable, I had a great night's sleep. Noise didn't seem to be a problem, so I guess it depends on where your room is in the hotel. Nice thick curtains in the bedroom, so nice to be able to block out nearly all of the light.The only minor problem was that our breakfast was delivered at around 7.40am, despite us requesting 7am. My partner had to go to work, so it arrived too late for him. I don't know if this was a one-off, or an ongoing problem, but if you need to be out of the hotel early, I'd recommend requesting an earlier time. It's only yoghurt, banana and orange juice, so sitting in the hallway for an hour or so won't do it any harm. Old Street Station is just a short walk away, and if it's closed there are a few local buses to take you into the west end. We were in no rush, so decided to catch a bus into town - word of warning here though: don't do it during the rush hour. We were in no rush, but ended up getting a bit stressed when the journey took far longer than we expected. Staff at reception when I checked out also seemed professional yet friendly, and genuinely interested in our stay. Almost faultless and I'd highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>amarjohal
<Content>Hoxton is perfect On a recent trip to London, I stayed at The Hoxton. To say the least.....I was very pleasantly surprised. The rooms were large for a London Hotel (the shower was awesome). They provide free internet, light breakfast, bottled water and incredibly cheap local phone calls. The entire staff was very friendly and helpful and their restaurant was excellent. The only minor problem was that the hallways are dark and not well lit.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Pelikan
<Content>Comfortable but noisy Stayed in March 08, paying an average of 拢80 a night.The comments beneath capture it all but it is worth emphasising that the rooms are quite small - the Premier Travel Inns offer more space though admittedly with less panache. Also - noise. Inside the hotel is fine, though the crashing of empty bottles into the recycling container at the back of the hotel was a nightly occurrence (I suspect from the hotels own bar) and then the rubbish collection lorry that came every weekday morning at 7am.It is located in a area that can be most charitably described as 'edgy' - Hoxton may well be 'up and coming' but from a rather low starting position. I could not recommend this neighbourhood for lone female travellers.As an aside, we used the National Express dot2dot hotel shuttle service that picked us up from the hotel and delivered us direct to the terminal at Heathrow - not much quicker than the train but in a lot more comfort with no lugging of bags up and down stairs and for not much more money.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	2	4	4	4	5	

<Author>TracyEV
<Content>Modern stay in one of my favorite cities. Stayed for the better part of a week during February/March. Had a lovely stay, the hotel is very nice, with a fabulous and responsive staff, very comfortable bed, and a nice size room. Front desk greeted up very politely and let us check in early (we got there around 10am I think). Rooms ready and very, very clean. Lobby is just as pictured, and hallways remind me of lofts in New York City 鈥?very modern vibe and perfect for us!!Great size bathroom: huge shower with rain type shower head (no tub, so if you need one this is not for your), tons of counter space, and extra large fluffy towels. Breakfast outside door every morning (you can pick your time of 6, 7, 8, or 9am to have it delivered) with yogurt  granola, banana, and incredible orange juice. Milk and 2 bottles of water is provided daily free of charge in the small refrigerator.Hairdryer provided by hotel was very good, not a large standard size one, but a very powerful one that blew tons of hot air - plenty of get-up and go for my long thick hair. Large flat screen TV, desk with TV/Web browser, WIFI, drawers in desk, small wardrobe with hanging space  cubbies, in room fridge, electric kettle, tea and coffee, and Aveda hair and skin care products. Little limited on places to put clothes, a squeeze for two, but my guy is used to that 飦?Computers available to use for free in the lobby and we never had a problem finding one available when we needed it, also large library with books, videos, and CD鈥檚 in the lobby for anyone to use.Our room was on the left side of the building (as you are facing the hotel from the street) looking out towards Shoreditch, so we did have a nice view. However, I think someone has mentioned the windows before, while there was not really street noise, you could hear the wind howling (it was very windy for us for about 2 days) and you could hear bottles going into the recycle bin several times a night.Tube station (Old Street) is just a quick 3 鈥?4 minute walk around the corner, with Liverpool Street and Moorgate being just a 10 minute walk in either direction. Bakery, coffee, and sandwich shoppes are plentiful so no need to worry if you just need a quick break or snack. Reception was always quick to recommend a great place to go see or eat at, and there is a list of Hoxton 鈥榩roviders鈥?and a locals guide provided in each room.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SueGrogan
<Content>Excellent Value for Money We stayed at Hoxtons for two nights at the end of February. The hotel is further out of the city centre than other hotels I've stayed at in London but is easily accessible via the tube. I think the slightly longer journey to reach the hotel is more than compensated by the quality and value of the hotel. The rooms are excellent with many nice touches and the food and service we received was excellent. I would certainly recommend this hotel and would stay here again next time I visit London.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>eime
<Content>modern young hotel my fiance had booked this hotel for a recent visit to london.modern hotel, pleasing from the outside however with a star trek theme in the hotel corridors. rooms very clean and liked the idea of having fresh milk in the fridge for tea. bottled water is also provided. bathroom lovely, no bath and lovely aveda toiletries!i have to mention the receptionist on check in was not the most helpful we mentioned that we would like a quiet room and she acted all shocked and discusted at the very suggestion despite the amount of noise coming through the atrium in the bar area! breakfast was nice its provided in a brown bag (banana, yogurt and orange juice). you can also get further breakfast options in the bar downstairs. also the tube nearest the hotel was closed the weekend for maintenance which made our trip to the nearest underground alot longer. also there seems to be building works going on in this vicinity at the minute.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Duke
<Content>Very good hotel Saturday 1st - Monday 3rd MarchRoom 3353rd FloorOld St tube station is the closest (5 min walk) but it was closed due to works so I had to go to Liverpool St which is a 15min walk or a 5 min taxi ride (approx 拢6). If Old St is closed and you have heavy bags I would catch a taxi from Liverpool St to the Hoxton hotel. There is a taxi rank outside Liverpool St tube station and taxis pass by the hotel all the time so there is no need to book one in advance. The reception staff are very helpful and knowledgeable about the area. Ask for a pocket sized map of the immediate area which was very useful for me.The bed is the most comfortable hotel bed I've slept in. The shower is powerful and large enough for 2 people! Nice size flat screen tv. The room and bedding is very clean. Almost feels like home!!! They do have a bar and restaurant but I never had time to use it. A newsagent's is across the road which is open 7am -11pm everyday which sells alcohol and the usual things a shop would sell. You can pay for goods with your credit/debit card. I used the FREE wireless (my laptop) no codes for passwords required and the connection speed is good.I would have given the hotel a 5 star but for the smallest thing. I asked a an iron/ironing board to be brought to my room but they have an ironing room on the 6h floor which you have to use which was a slight inconvenience to me. Other than that I have no complain at all. Harsh I know.I'd say the Hoxton is different to all hotels I've stayed in and the rooms are like none you've seen before. I look forward to visiting the Hoxton again in the near future.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jeffers
<Content>I've stayed at the Dorchester ands Claridges, but..... I've traveled to Londn for 25 years, and have stayed at both 1 star and 5 star hotels. This hotel has surpassed them all. It's an amazing blend of both ultra cool and syberatric luxury.Quiet when needed, stimulating when wanted, this hotel fits the bill for anyone wanting more than just a bed and bath while they waste their lives.Dozens of free CDS on demand, hundreds of movies on demand, internet acess free in both room and lobby, this hotel is all one neeeds.The rooms are quiet, the lobby bar and restaurant are vibrant. If you are a student of human nature, this hotel is for you. Gay, straight, hot model or dorky cool, this hotel is what you're looking for in a happening London stay.In case you think I am a shill for this hotel, check out my previous reviews. You'll see that I am a queen bee who is highly critical. I cannot find fault here. It's simply a great hotel. Stay and enjoy.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>speedboat
<Content>Ye Olde London? Of all the trips to London I've had in the last 10 or so years, this has by far been the greatest! The Hoxton is a fabulous hotel! I arrived late afternoon told the staff my name and was quickly given a key to my room, was explained how things work and within 10 minutes of walking into the hotel was in my room unpacking!The rooms are a nice size, no palatial suite, but enough for me and my partner. The free breakfast bag was a really nice touch as was the ironing room, the free internet and the nicely sized cake of soap!I spent 4 nights at the Hoxton and had a great time! Close to the action of London and also right in the party district of London!The Grille downstairs has some nice food with friendly staff, which on Friday and Saturday nights turns into a bar... some of the staff these nights are a bit into themselves, but we won't let that bring us down!  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>truthwilltell
<Content>An excellent value       courtyard  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	4	5	5	

<Author>MESchlegel3
<Content>Nice hotel, not all that great of location       Bed  
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	4	4	

<Author>buntyt33
<Content>Funky and Fun but a couple of niggles.... Our stay at The Hoxton was one of my Christmas Presents and having read various reviews about it was looking forward to my stay.The hotel is 5 minutes walk from Old Street Tube Station (Closed at weekends) and 10 minutes from Liverpool Street.The foyer is welcoming and funky with some stylish touches. The bar/grille was always busy though we ate elsewhere.A very cheery and helpful member of staff checked us in and within 5 minutes we were in our room. Unfortunately the bed etc was unmade so after a brief visit back to reception we secured a room on the fourth floor;which we were told was quiter, but more of that later.The room was very clean with lots of nice touches; plenty of glasswear, corkscrew, bottles of water and even fresh milk for your beverage of choice. Though there was a hairdryer there was no iron and board - they are on the 6th floor. so at busy times get there early! There is also a safe which will take a small laptop.The shower was fantastic and a perfect wake-up, As was the little brown bag of breakfast ;O,J, Yogurt and a banana though this might get a tad boring after a few days!Hoxrton is an up and coming area with plenty of decent bars and eateries close by and we never felt unsafe coming back late at night.The major bug-bear was noise. I was woken at 0200 by a group of screaming/shouting/swearing/singing banshees in the hotel courtyard below. I though I had left the window open but the glazing seems to be inadequate. Our friends obviously decided to include everyone else in their partying! Also the emergency sirens (I counted 12) added to a terrible nights sleep. Please Hoxton invest in some triple glazing!Would we stay here again mostly yes but I'll be taking earplugs!  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>wee_stephy_baby
<Content>Great modern hotel       TV  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hemdale
<Content>The best value in London ! A bit far from Central London but an amazing hotel !I go to the Hoxton every two weeks for my job and I'm always VERY happy !Vraiment un hotel fantastique et un prix g茅nial !  
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>TOCCork
<Content>Great Value We stayed at the Hoxton for two nights.We got excellent directions from the hotels web site. We got the underground to Old Street station from Heathrow airport,the hotel is only a few minutes walk from the station. We were able to check in early which was great as we were after an early morning flight. We had a quick snack in the restaurant which was still serving breakfast. We were charged over 拢20 for two small snacks and was even charged for two glasses of water.I taught it a bit expensive for what we got.The room itself was modern,clean and very well layed out.The breakfast bag is an excellent idea and a great start to the day.You can also buy beer,wine,chocolate,etc.... at reception for consumption in your room at reasonable prices.The location itself around the hotel is very clean and the area seems to be modernised in the past few years.But Old Street Station and the area around it is very dirty and could do with a big clean up.Overall I would go back to the Hoxton as it is great value for money.The only thing is in not in the tourist center of the city ,but what we paid for the hotel makes up for this( 拢160).I would also recommend Caffe Uno on Charing Cross Road ,just behind Leicester Square,excellent food.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>3	5	4	3	4	5	4	5	

<Author>Zuerich_7
<Content>Excellent London Hotel I stayed in The Hoxton in London in January 2008, travelling on business. It is an excellent modern hotel, with superb service, great ameneties, wonderful design. The room was very clean, not very big but nicely decorated, even with a sense of humour (no, really!). Hotel has free internet access, breakfast is included and delivered to your door in the morning. Hotel has its own restaurant, which is apparently trendy at the moment. The Hoxton is a few minutes away from Old Street tube station, so very convenient for the City area (Bank, Liverpool Street Station). Would definitely recommend it to the business travellers. The only minor issue was the noise: my room was facing the street, so it was noisy thoughout the whole night. But other rooms are quieter.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>jetsetterLancashire
<Content>top marks to the hoxton Just back from the Hoxton with friends where we had a 3 night stay.The staff, ambience comfort and food was excellent.Having read a previous report we were not going to eat in the hotel but decided on the last evening to do so. We were sorrywe did not eat earlier as the food and service was excellent.The Hoxton will be top of our list on our next visit.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>WTGZ
<Content>Great Price, Hip Room..comes with dust clouds and breaking glass The price-quality ratio is excellent, for this amount (we paid average 79GBP per night for 3 night), you get a design hotel, smack in the center of London near the hip East End, with restaurants, clubs, bars...you name it.On closer inspection, Hoxton Hotel is a little rough around the edges, like it's neighborhood, on the verge of becoming the next West End. Service is impeccable throughout the stay. Check in was a breeze, the receptionist recited a well rehearsed check in routine, you barely see personnel, but everything is well kept for. No problems here with overcharging on credit cards.Housekeeping on the other hand, leaves much to be desired. We entered a stale/DUSTY (I could see dust clouds) room, which was helped when you leave the windows ajar to air it. Sheets/Bathroom were clean. Best to describe as the kind of room that looks best in dim lighting, where you don't see the dust collecting on surfaces and grime here and there.The breakfast was wonderful to start your morning with and the room comes with all mod cons + a view of the Gherkin and the City of London (we were on the 5th floor), as long as you're partially deaf , the restaurant emptying their glasses at night (from 9 - 12pm) in the alley beneath you should not scare you that much.By all means, book at the Hoxton, they are already better than some of the other hotels in London in this price range. Just ignore the pretentiously hip lobby/bar on weekends and head out to the nearby hoxton square instead.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	2	3	4	3	

<Author>GinaZ41
<Content>Great interior - but 8 hour power outage! Loved the room - great bed, fantastic sheets, great down pillows, gorgeous bathroom, fluffy towels, mini bar with free milk for cuppas in the room, quiet (we faced the back courtyard) and lovely free breakies (juice, yogourt, bananas). No view and the location is not super. But, worst of all, we were there when they had a power outage that for some weird reason lasted more than 8 hours! Other businesses in the area did not seem to be affected. It went out around 7 am. We got a call to tell us to leave the room around 11, for safety reasons, and that the power would be on in 20 minutes. We got back at 5 and the power was still out! The lobby was full of cranky people, waiting, by candlelight. There seemed to be no management - no one there in a leadership position dealing with the issue. They didn't have enough flashlights. The front desk assured us they had booked a hospitality suite at the nearby Holiday Inn, where we could go for a shower and a rest. We walked the 10 minutes to that holiday Inn and the manager/staff there had no idea what we were talking about and only wanted to sell us a room for the night. They even called the Hoxton and talked to someone else at the front desk, who also had no idea about a hospitality suite. It was a complete cock-up. Luckily, the power finally returned around 5:30. There was no offer to discount that night's stay, or to give people a free drink/meal at the restaurant. In fact, when we checked out, I was charged a mysterious extra 20 pds, even though I had booked online and pre-paid. We were in a hurry to the airport so I missed it until later. Great place to stay but pack a small flashlight to get up the stairs if the power goes out, and be sure to examine the bill when you check out!  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	4	4	5	

<Author>lycook
<Content>Well done       Room  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>FloggerLiverpool
<Content>Brilliant as always I can't say enough good things about this hotel. This is the second time I've stayed at the Hoxton and it was just as great as the first trip.Friendly staff, cool decor, and the bed (and bedding!) are so incredibly comfortable! Very clean rooms. I love the little touches here - the bottle of water in the fridge, the fresh milk for the filter-bag coffee and the breakfast bags.Keep an eye out on their site for their deals. I stayed two nights for 拢80 which is such great value for money.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Scootagal
<Content>The best hotel I've stayed at - anywhere! The Hoxton is, in my opinion, the best hotel I鈥檝e ever stayed in! A combination of getting a fantastic price from Superbreak, coupled with a quirky, innovative non-pretentious but very fab hotel made this birthday trip one to remember! The hotel is situated a few minutes walk from Old Street Station and doesn鈥檛 look that interesting from the outside. However, on entering the lobby, you are transported into a mad mix of Scottish baronial, ultra modern and quite a bit kitsch! Giant papier mache eagles in varying states of flight soar above head (sounds tacky but isn鈥檛!) and you鈥檙e surrounded by a variety of comfy sofas and designer chairs at either end of the lobby with a roaring fire on each end to top it all off. The reception staff were efficient and friendly and we were checked in quickly. On stepping out of the lift and turning the corner, you enter the corridors of rooms 鈥?lit with funky floor to ceiling orange lights (I think were a sophisticated in/out indicator!). The room wasn鈥檛 massive, but certainly not tiny either. A really lovely bed with trendy paper, scissors, stone cushions and a chaise longue and a built in desk/mirror/tv unit. The bathroom was clean and really modern with big shower and a retro touch in the form of Pears soap! Another nice touch was that the middle of the mirror is heated so when the bathroom steams up after a shower, you can still see!The best bit (other than the price/design/staff!) was the added value elements. Breakfast is included with Superbreak and comes in the form of a brown paper bag hung outside your door with a banana, a fruit and granola yogurt and a Pret orange juice. Something different and refreshing. There is a fridge in your room 鈥?with a free half pint of milk and free bottles of water too 鈥?can鈥檛 complain! You also get a little fold out credit card sized map telling you all about the cool things in the Shoreditch/Hoxton area which was great for finding places to eat and go out. Extras were the best value 鈥?50p for a can of coke at reception 鈥?same for a bar of chocolate - I think a beer was 拢1...! No rip offs here! Free broadband access in the lobby, pay per view movies were also cheap if I remember rightly and these little touches made the whole experience fantastic! I鈥檝e just booked to go back again in a few weeks!In terms of eating 鈥?Wapping Food is great for a special occasion and Zigfrid von Underbelly on Hoxton Square is fab for a reasonably priced casual meal.In short, I wouldn鈥檛 stay anywhere else! (Unless there was no room at the Hoxton!)  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RachelEastLondon
<Content>Excellent area, and great value if you're lucky! I tried to get one of the real cheapies at 拢1 but ended up paying 拢69 which is still a great price for a trendy hotel in London. We actually live round the corner but just wanted to try it out as we'd heard good things.The rooms are very comfortable, excellent power shower, big bed, fluffy pillows and duvet, a flat screen TV, and lots of dark wood.Others seem to like the Pret breakfast in a bag but I thought it was a bit cheap. Fair enough if you've only you spent 拢1 you wouldn't expect a full on brekkie in the restaurant, but otherwise I would.I would definitely recommend this hotel, particularly for young clubbing types who will appreciate the design and location.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>NajEssex
<Content>very nice rooms pricey though, restaurant could be better. Stayed for 2 nights and know the area very well, rooms really good, feather duvets and pillows, large clean bathroom with amazing shower. free milk and water daily.Restaurant was quite poor, service very slow, we stayed during The Great Winter Sale when meals were 1/2 price, which never happened even though I made it clear when booking restaurant, had to constantly check bills. BIG RIP OFF.Think rates are quite high most of the time 拢120.00 + and when booking you are charged full price at that time, you cannot change booking dates without having to pay again.As there is not much choice in that area they have a monopoly.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>2	3	5	4	5	2	1	5	

<Author>hrs
<Content>Surely the best value hotel in Central London Clean, modern, spacious and well located for a night out in Shoreditch. Having booked well in advance we were able to get a good deal on the room which means its an absolute bargain compared to the prices of other Central London hotels.You could tell that the hotel's not brand new as it could do with a new lick of paint but if you book early and get a good price then you can't go wrong with this no nonsense hotel.nice touches like breakfast from pret, power shower, milk in the fridge, free wifi ...downsides are probably that it is fairly noisy and our room was pretty hot despite it being January !(though there is air con)  
<Date>Jan 19, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>poshgirl24
<Content>We love the Hoxton! We stayed here while passing through London to meet some friends on Dec 27. We also recommended that they also stay at the Hoxton because we heard good things. The hotel was really wonderful and our friends loved it too.The rooms are somewhat small, but designed well so you don't feel it. Our rate for this night was 59 pounds. The free water bottle and coffee and fresh milk were really nice. The bagged breakfast was also good, just enough to start our day. The staff was incredibly friendly and helpful. We organized to meet a bunch of friends for dinner. More people turned up so the hotel staff reserved a few couches for them while we finished dinner. Food was ok, but I think that's how most places in London are. Drinks were also ok, but we were happy to be in such a cool space with such a friendly vibe!We came back to the hotel to stay for New Year's Eve and the hotel staff remembered us. Our room was not as great as the last one because the shower leaked a bit but we still can't fault this place. The rate for NYE was 99 pounds, but we were happy to pay it as this hotel is a real gem in London. We will return each time we travel back to London!  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Melbo77
<Content>Loved the Hoxton! I agree with most of the reviews on here, the Hoxton is a great little place to stay. I paid 拢99, which compared to what you can get for that elsewhere in London was a bargain. Funky, clean, gorgeous soft sheets, comfy bed, amazing bathroom and free water! Check in and out was fine, all staff were very friendly and full of information about the hotel. Had a cocktail in the bar which had a great atmosphere and was full of saturday night revellers. Didn't eat in the Grille as the breakfast bag was sufficient, but looked nice. The only problem we had was that the room was very hot so we didn't sleep as well as we should have in the very comfy bed. In the morning we found the air conditioning controls - doh! I will definitely be staying here again, and i will be refreshing their booking page endlessly when the 拢1 and 拢29 room offers are next on!  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>italiantraveller1962
<Content>loved the Hoxton Hoxton Hotel is a real find in London: it's got all you can expect from a design hotel, a nice lobby, fashionable and friendly restaurant, perfect trendy location, nicely designed rooms, but it is also cheap!We paid an average of 75 euros per night for a double, less than a hostel.I definitely warmly recommend this hotel, in nice and lovely Shoreditch area, near Old Street Tube on the Northern Line.Ask. if possible, for a room on the back on the 5th or 6th floor, so it will be quiet and with a nice open view.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	3	4	3	4	

<Author>DCTravelman
<Content>Very Trendy The hotel is very trendy and, to use a British term, even cheeky. But the services were pretty good and the room clean and well-appointed. The restaurant can be a little noisy if you have an inside-facing room. Also, as much as folks rave about the breakfast, it gets a little old after the first two days or so. The restaurant was still getting its sea legs and had some issues with service. But, all-in-all, it was a favorable experience and we would stay there again. Although, sadly, we did not come close to the low-low rates most folks on the site received. We also took note of some comments about the neighborhood, but didn't really find cause to support their claims.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	4	5	

<Author>craiginnyc
<Content>A rare bargain in London       TV/desk/internet/kettle/coffee/tea - everything you need  
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	4	3	5	

<Author>keroro
<Content>A great stay! We stayed at the Hoxton for 2 nights in Dec 07. It was a very comfortable experience. Particularly it was very cold outside, we had a warm  comfortable feeling once entering the hotel.  The room wasn't big with just a double bed. But it had everything we need. We appreciate the idea that all the stuff inside the room can be used without additional charge. We had fresh milk, 2 bottles of water, many coffee and tea bags and free lite breakfast everyday. There're free newspapers (The Guardian) at the lobby. There is a free Wi-Fi service at the room. Or if you haven't brought your laptop, you can use the free Internet on TV聺 service (although it's difficult to navigate on the TV, it can suit your need to check some urgent e-mails, etc).  The phone call fee at room is cheap (3p per min for UK landlines, 5p per min for calling the US). Late checkout fee is also not expensive (5 pounds / hour after 12 noon). The bed was comfortable and the room was very silent. The temperature at the room was good. We had great sleep every night. The only shortfall is the area where the hotel is located. It is located at about 3 minutes walk from the Old Street tube station, which is quite convenient. However, the area around is not too pleasant for travelers I think. The neighborhood is quite silent and with few people especially at night. There're many office buildings around, but most of them seems unoccupied. There're very few shops around, with just 1-2 mini shops, fish and chip shop, etc. However, if you have a companion / a group of friends, I think it should be fine to stay in this area. In a city with such high living costs, we think the service / facilities provided by Hoxton are comprehensive and really think from the travelers' perspective. We'll stay there again if we visit London in the future.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>theamazinggem
<Content>Lovely anniversary stay We went to the Hoxton for our anniversary this month. It was really good, I've stayed in a lot of nice hotels with my job, and this one was quite close to the best. We ate in the restaurant which was far better than I was expecting, and the restaurant breakfast was good as well (we took the complimentary one as a snack lunch - can't cope with yoghurt in the mornings). Only small issue we had was that the staff leaving the breakfast thumped on the door to alert us to it - and then again half an hour later. We hadn't asked for a wake-up call and were planning on a lie in, so it was most unwelcome. That was a tiny thing though in an otherwise excellent experience.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Cazzers
<Content>Good hotel Stayed here for a couple of nights in November. The Good:-The hotel is very, clean, funky and I have to say, the bed is most definitely the comfiest I have ever slept in. I want one of those mattresses for my own bed. The breakfast in a bag is a great idea and was more than enough for me. The food in the Grill was excellent and not at all expensive.The So-So:- The rooms are small (but perfectly formed) but the walls are paper thin. Booking a table for dinner was difficult. At weekends, this place is jumping and we had to book our table for 9.30 pm and go back to our room with a bottle of wine (albeit very reasonably priced for a London hotel) as we couldn't even get a space at the bar to wait for our table. The Not So Good:- As said before, the area around the hotel isn't the best and is pretty far from everywhere so you've really got to get the tube or a taxi to go anywhere. Old St Tube Station is desperately in need of a clean up and also needs to do something about the amount of beggars that are there. I would have found it quite threatening if I'd been on my own.Finally:- When we tried to check out, the receptionist was busy being a tour guide to a group of Germans. Great to be helpful and friendly and I can't believe that I'm moaning about this, but we were in a hurry to get to Gatwick and after 20 minutes we gave up as we couldn't afford to wait any longer. Other members of staff lurked around in the background unwilling to help at the desk and generally chatting amongst themselves. This is my last (and LASTING) memory of the hotel. All that said, it's a good hotel with good facilities and loads going for it. They try to do things differently and it works. Just need to get some of the staff on a customer service course and the place will be great.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	2	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>jaymzo77
<Content>So much, for so little       Hallway  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	3	4	

<Author>Hahna
<Content>You can please all of the people all of the time! I had to organise a conference meeting and overnight stay for 26 professionals - all experienced world travellers and all with varying degrees of extreme fussiness and dietary requirements.The dedicated Hoxton events manager was terrific - dealing with constantly changing schedules and meal changes for our all-day conference room booking.Hoxton reservations - were very prompt at making the individual room bookings, but experienced some delays getting an e-receipt for the large sum we paid for 16 overnight rooms (staff turnover may have had something to do with this).However, as the person liable for getting it in the neck from 26 unhappy individuals - I am thrilled that the Hoxton exceeded expectations - everyone was delighted with their accommodation, the ambience, the food and even the location which was very convenient and accessible for different journeys to and from all parts of the UK. I think the Hoxton is definitely on their future itinieraries as somewhere to stay in London.I would thoroughly recommend the Hoxton.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	5	

<Author>mygypster
<Content>Brilliant hotel We stayed at the Hoxton for the London marathon and were lucky enough to secure one of the hotel offers. I can honestly say that we were extremely impressed with the hotel. Checking in and out was very quickand efficient and the staff were extremely pleasant and helpful. We frequented the restaurant and the hotel bar and received excellent service in both areas. We didn't use room service but I found that thedelivered breakfast each morning was a great idea especially on the day of the run as I could take it with me to eat during the pre-race wait. All in all a highly recommendable hotel which we shall definitely use again.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MrsBrad
<Content>Does what it says on the blurb! The Hoxton is a fantastic place to stay in London - clean, comfortable and friendly. The breakfast in a bag was great - just enouh to get you started each morning, the bedding was clean and comfortable (feather pillows - dreamy!) and the bathroom was equipped with a power shower. The towels aren't changed daily so you need to remember to hang those up and the rooms aren't huge but they are big enough if you are only there to sleep! The service charge in the bar is one to watch out for and they do charge your credit card upon check - in probably to ensure you don't 'do a runner'! (but they release the funds again when you check out if you don't spend the 拢40 they 'capture'). The area is near to the city and transport links are adequate - the only hurdle is finding the hotel from the tube station (took us a while but we got there in the end as it's down a bit of a side street). The Hoxton is situated in probably not the 'best' area of London and we did feel a little wary walking back there after our night out. Also, non residents use the bar and restaurant regularly. All that said, we would definitely go back - but would try to get one of the special rates rather than pay full price.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	2	4	3	4	4	

<Author>Gosforth_Ultra
<Content>Superb Value Stayed in the Hoxton over New Year and was totally impressed by the whole place, even regardless of the amazing price. Paid a grand total of 拢29 per night (拢99 on New Years Eve) which for any sort of hotel in London would be excellent - for a hotel as good as this is simply unbelievable. The staff were great, the room although small was tasteful and the shower top drawer (especially for pulling you round with a New Years Day hangover!) and the breakfast fine. Didn't eat in the Grille so can't comment on that but the bar area is really nice and was popular on an evening. In the immediate area, Favela Chic, a couple of doors down from the hotel is a funky little place and of course you have Hoxton and Old Street virtually on the doorstep. I can't recommend the place highly enough and if you can get in there early, some of the deals are really top notch. Would definitdly stay again when in London.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Phil1982
<Content>Its good but not as good as people make out I have read the reviews on here and they all seem to love this Hotel. It is a good hotel but once you look past the few nice touches it is no better than most other Hotels in London that charge 拢115 a night.The Bottles of water and milk in the fridge are very welcome and so is the decent quality coffee. The bathrooms are pretty impressive a spotless clean. The Local area Hox Guide is very useful and the funky art on the walls in the room is cool too. But once you have taken that all in it just becomes another Hotel.Room service is terrible. The Menu is tiny and the quality is dreadful. I didn鈥檛 like the yogurt in the breakfast bag but was told I could not change it for anything else so would have to pay extra fro breakfast in the restaurant 鈥?When you are paying more than 拢115 a night you would expect a choice of breakfast to be included.The lobby area has a bar and restaurant which are always packed with locals and guests. I couldn鈥檛 get a table so had to eat out as I couldn鈥檛 book a table when I didn鈥檛 know what time I would be eating.The Hotel does some offers from time to time where rooms start from 拢1 but when paying full price the hotel is on a par with many others 鈥?don鈥檛 get sucked in by a few nice touches here and there and see it for what it is, A HOTEL  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	3	3	1	-1	

<Author>Decembersong
<Content>Loved the hotel, but sour receptionist I stayed at The Hoxton from 14 Dec - 17 Dec, and really enjoyed my stay here. Will definitely stay again if I can get a good deal. I didn't manage to get one of the 拢1 nights, but got one of the nights for 拢29, so the total cost for my stay was very cheap, considering the high standards of the hotel.The room was a really good size and I loved the comfy bed and the gorgeous bathroom. If only all London hotels were this size! (I've stayed in some really small ones...)The only reason for not giving it 5 out of 5, is the guy at reception who handled my check-out. He told me that I had had a bottle of wine in the room, which I hadn't. When I pointed that out, he didn't correct the mistake, but gave me a long, hard stare instead, clearly trying to get me to confess! I repeated, a bit more sternly, that I did not buy anything from the shop during my stay. Then he got angry with me, accusing me of yelling at him (what???) and telling me that he was only doing his job, as unfortunately they have problems with guests ordering room-service and then conveniently forgetting about it afterwards. He was so stroppy with me that it ruined some of my good impressions with the hotel. I saw another review complaining about a receptionist with bad attitude, must be the same one! All the other staff were lovely and they couldn't have been more helpful. I've written to the hotel and given them the name of the receptionist in question, hopefully they will send him on a customer service course :)But all in all: The hotel is lovely, the rooms are great and even though it is in East London, central tourist hotspots are not far away :)  
<Date>Dec 30, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	2	5	

<Author>CaminoGirl
<Content>The Hoxton Rocks       Hoxton Stuff  
<Date>Dec 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>the_dungeoneer
<Content>Great hotel, poor attitude. Hoxton were running a special offer on rooms so we booked 3 nights.At first we got a little lost finding the hotel, the nearest tube station is Old street or a little further away is Liverpool street, when we did find the hotel we were a little worried about the area, its not a family friendly experience walking there in the dark.When we went in we were immediately impressed with the interior, it looked very funky and posh! the receptionist was friendly and congratulated us on getting the special deal (which meant 1 night of our stay was only 拢1).the corridors and the room was very different and exciting, the dcor was fab. The room had a very comfy bed, a flat screen tv, hair dryer, tea and coffee making facilities, a safe and a mini-bar, the bathroom had a walk-in rain shower too which really was the great.however... i guess our 拢1 night was our first night because it was very hot and we couldnt get the air conditioning going, our window looked onto an enclosed courtyard so we couldnt really get relief there, it really was so hot we couldnt sleep - so i went down to ask for assistance, i was told yes they knew about the problem but they couldnt do anything about it tonight, when i asked for an electric fan or something the assistant looked at me like i had just insulted his mother, he also said they had no other rooms so there was nothing he could do. That night was terrible i think i got about 20 minutes sleep altogether and that was sleeping on the ground beside the air conditioner.The morning after i went straight to reception to complain, they said they would send someone up, and someone did come up and instantly informed us that our room was 'very hot'! he had a look at our air conditioner and agreed it was kaputt but he couldnt fix it tonight so he unhooked our window, which to be fair made a significant difference, by night 3 the air conditioning was fixed and we sleep cool and soundly. we also visisted the bar on night 3 which was a thriving funky atmosphere.Its a shame the hotel is lovely but my experience was soured by one member of staffs resistance to 'exceeding the customers expectations'. I honestly was left with a 'what do you want me to do about it?!' impression which lowers my opinion of this hotel significantly.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	3	5	4	2	4	

<Author>buddyandmisty
<Content>Hoxton fin Stayed one night in the hoxton, great bathroom very clean, everything new and shiny. Bedroom fine too, probably wouldn't stay several nights because there is littlestorage space. Continental breakfast bag is ok too. Free internet access is handy and all staff were pleasant and approachable. Watch out for the 12.5% service charge in the bar, better off buying a half bottle at reception at terrific prices.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	5	4	4	

<Author>erinly
<Content>Love dthe Hoxton, for a while       Our desk and  
<Date>Dec 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	3	4	5	5	5	

<Author>martlad
<Content>great hotel but word of warning My partner and daughter rented 2 rooms over the weekend of 16/17 November and can endorse the previous positive reviews but would like to share a word of warning. We returned to the hotel early saturday evening and straight away had a drink in the reception area. Unfortunately, when we returned to the room my partner realised that she had left her coat downstairs on her seat . When I went down it had been stolen. I know this can happen anywhere and she should have taken more care but it did spoil the weekend. The waiter said that he had seen the coat after we had left but had assumed that we had gone outside for a smoke so left it. Many non residents use the hotel bar so you need to take special care with your possessions.One other thing, we ate in the nearby Furnace pizza restaurant which was excellent.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Travelpony
<Content>Loved the Hoxton Stayed at the Hoxton for one night - a Saturday - check in was quick and easy and the staff on the reception desk were very helpful.The room was lovely and very quiet - despite being next to some building work, we couldn't hear it.Breakfast was good - you hang a paper bag outside your door and mark on it how many people want breakfast and at what time and you get a Pret a Manger yoghurt, orange juice and banana and there is fresh coffee, tea and milk available in your room.Location is great - 3 min walk from Old Street tube station. Would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	4	5	

<Author>jserseypeach
<Content>Really Great Hotel What a great hotel! Really modern and funky, beyond what you'd expect for the prices. Great WOW factor when you walk in, all the staff are friendly, business like and efficient, the rooms are large enough, bathrooms cool and sexy, beds large and comfy - just make sure you ask for a courtyard room or a room at the back, as Great Eastern Street is always busy and noisy and not that attractive.Loads to do in Hoxton, though it doesn't really have a focus like the West End. Look out for the Geffrye Museum, Columbia Road on Sundays, Barbican, and eat at Canteen at Rochelle School for week day lunch.If you're happy to be away from touristy West End, and appreciate Londons more arty gritty areas then I can't recommend this hotel enough.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	4	5	

<Author>OxfordTravelady
<Content>Amazing hotel This was a fantastic hotel. I booked it for my partner as a birthday surprise and it really went down a treat. The staff were great and friendly. I rang them a week before to let them know it was a surprise. They left us a card and a bottle of wine. Very clean chic and yet very cosy. I would most certainly be telling ALL my friends.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Coolesfamily
<Content>Best Hotel ever The Hoxton is a gem. Reasonably priced but superb. Breakfast in a bag really hits the spot!  
<Date>Nov 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pinkchick30
<Content>Loved the Hoxton!!!! I spent last weekend at the Hoxton Hotel and I I can honestly say that having stayed in loads of other London hotels, the Hoxton is by far the best!!!! I loved it and will definitely be back!!!!We arrived early at 11:30am and weren't expecting to be able to check in but luckily our room was ready. An added bonus!!!!The room was decorated in a really fab and modern way - the furnishings looked and felt like top quality and the bathroom was superb - No mouldy shower curtains here!!!!For me though, it was all the little touches that made the Hoxton so great - the fact that they provide a bottle opener/corkscrew, the little cartons of fresh milk and bottles of mineral water in the fridge, the fact that there is a safe available in the room and the free Pret breakfast bag in a morning. Oh, the little Hox Guide is a nice touch too.The staff all seemed to be really friendly and helpful, not that we really had any need to ask for anything other than where to leave our luggage on check out. The hotel bar is also a great place to drink. It's trendy, busy and not at all like the average hotel bar. We drank in there at some point during both nights of our stay.In previous reviews, people have mentioned that it is a bit far out of the centre and true, it isn't in the centre of the West End. However, it is only a couple of minutes walk from Old Street tube station so don't let this put you off.It's also true that the hotel isn't in the most scenic of areas but that doesn't matter as soon as you step into the lobby. The hotel looks and feels like it should be charging far more than it does - Let's hope it stays like it and doesn't try to cash in. A lot of big hotel chains could learn from the Hoxton!!!!!  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>salgys
<Content>Fantastic new hotel I love the decor of the rooms and lobby with open fireplaces. The only complain I had is the first time we went to the restaurant to have dinner, we were treated quite badly by the receptionist. That gave me a pretty bad first impression and a nasty taste in the mouth. To the be fair, all other staff for the rest of our stay were fantastic.The location is far from the westend but it is near all the comtemporary art spaces and galleries including the White Cube, it is also near the City so it's a fantastic hotel for business.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>SwanseaLewis
<Content>Wow Factor As You Arrive This has to be the best find in London. Booked this hotel for 拢30.00 per night plus 拢15.00 for an extra bed for my grandson.I read the reviews but did'nt expect the wow factor as I walked upto the hotel.The staff are amazing - friendly and helpful and nothing is too much trouble.The bedroom and bathroom has been well thought out and lots of things you find irritating in other hotels is resolved in the Hoxton.We asked for a room on the top floor and it was great - peace all night.The surrounding area is nothing to get excited about but a short trip on the underground to Camden gives you plenty of choices to eat and drink at prices very afforable.Definately would stay again!!  
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>amzw
<Content>Fantastic, couldnt ask for more! My partner and I have just got back from the Hoxton for our anniversary. We got a fantastic deal on the room, there always seems to be a deal on.The hotel was amazing at first sight. We were expecting chic, modern and 4* quality and that we definatly got. The rooms were a reasonable size with everything you could possibly need in them. The hotel was kept constantly tidy. The staff were really friendly and looked happy to be working! At the hotel is also a bar/grille. This was again outstanding. We actually enjoyed a 5* meal sat only a table away from the celebrity Tobey Maguire (Spiderman!) This hotel is so stylish and chic, dont miss out on an amazing experience.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>htta
<Content>It works! This concept works. For 拢99 it was great value. The room was modern and all reasonable bits had been thought of, including wireless internet. Even the unlikely-sounding arrangements for free breakfast hung on a hook outside your door in a paper bag was a success: the Pret a Manger yoghurt has fruit at the bottom and some granola on top, and the orange juice was of high quality. Good service, and nicely designed lounge area on the ground floor.One word of advice: avoid the Hoxton Grille.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SeaToSkyTraveller
<Content>Lived up to expectations We booked at The Hoxton after checking out the reviews from other Trip Advisors and we are pleased to say that the hotel lived up to our expectations.The staff:- Friendly  EfficientThe Bedroom:- Good size for London! Lovely softy sheets and fluffy duvet. All mod cons. The supply of 'real' milk was much appreciated.Bathroom:- High spec, spotlessly clean, spacious shower - perfect!Location:- We arrived at London Euston - so just a couple of stops on the underground. Although not in the centre of the city, it is just a short walk from Old Street Underground Station - so accessing the city centre was no problem.We will certainly stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kev1983
<Content>great price for london stayed at this hotel for one night on way through london payed 拢59 for the room about 2 months in advance. im giving this hotel 5 stars not because its the most luxurious hotel ive ever stayed in but because of the amazing value for 拢, the rooms are of a good 4 star standard and you get a free pret breakfast in the price delivered to your room! also free water and fresh milk is free in your room. there is free wi fi Internet throughout the hotel and free computers in the lobby, i have stayed in hotels of a smiler standard in london but payed twice the price. i would highly recommend this place!!  
<Date>Oct 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	3	5	4	

<Author>clr4tkoff
<Content>Excellent experience!       Bed from window towards entryway/WC  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BikerBird
<Content>Luxury Budget The best hotel I've stayed in in London where prices are normally exploitatively hideous and rooms tiny and noisy. The pluses: spotlessy clean, friendly  helpful staff, great reasonably priced food in the Grille if you want a bigger breakfast (served until a wonderfully 'late' midday at the weekend,) plus lunch or dinner, good links to central London, 2 free bottles of chilled water and milk in the room (along with kettle, tea and coffee), free safe in the room, free newspapers, free internet access, comfortable bed with cosy duvet and squishy pillows, huge windows letting in loads of light etc etc etc.Also provided in the room is a pocket size fold-out leaflet with local map and loads of impartial recommendations about stuff to do, places to go, bars, restuarants, clubs, galleries, all within a one mile radius.The negatives: can't actually think of any!  
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mandy99Ireland
<Content>Loving the hoxton We had a fantastic stay at the hoxton hotel. We stayed here for two nights mid-week to celebrate our anniversary. The location is a little off the main tramlines, but is only a five minute walk from the Old Street Tube station. The Old Street tube station is on the main northern line and is easily accessed so wasnt really a problem.the check-in girls were lovely. Asked if we had any preference for front or back views, or if we had any preference for a high or low floor etc We were then directed to a fifth floor room which was stunning. Really gorgeous bed and the pillows were to die for. The shower was big enough for two people although there was no bathtub.The phone rates are cheap. We called Ireland for over eight minutes and it cost us 21 pence. bottles of budweiser were 拢1.25 each and a tube of pringles was 拢0.71. The hotel restuarant is fab and the people are lovely. We probably wouldnt come back here again though, mainly becase we would like to be in the centre of all the action...however the hoxton was fantastic and we loved the general ambience!stay here...you wont regret it.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tinkerbell84
<Content>Lovely hotel I was lucky enough to get one of their 拢1 rooms but would have been just as happy paying the standard rate. Lovely modern hotel with friendly helpful staff. Rooms were lovely with everything you needed. The pillows and duvets were divine. The bathroom was lovely with a large walk in shower. Would definately recommend it.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>drtryba
<Content>Awesome and modern place but a little far from the action.... This place is really cool and modern with free internt - but.....it will cost ya $25 in a cab to get to the action.....there were a few nights that we stayed out until the tube had closed down so the cabs added up. But we got a great deal on the room so we thought it was worth it - and the free breakfast is really yummy! Highly recommend - just know that you are outside of the toursity areas.....  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jobymaloby
<Content>Refreshing experience! This one-off hotel has a great concept, which makes a refreshing change from the big branded hotels and pokes fun at them too. The hotel has an honest approach to their costs (50p for a bottle of water, 3p per minute for a phone call, free Internet) and has a great branding concept, making you feel comfortable and at ease. It is funky and has a cool vibe, it is just the location that lets it down, being a little off the beaten track.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	2	5	4	5	4	

<Author>poptart78
<Content>A refreshing change!! My boyfriend and I were lucky enough to get a room for 拢1 with one of the Hoxton's promotions. The hotel looks fabulous on the website and I have to say, on arrival I was not disappointed. It is ultra modern, clean and funky. and the showers are really something else!!!! We ate in the restaurant which was fantastic, not overly priced and had a nice chilled atmosphere. I only have one tiny niggle, which is that the 'shop', as they call it, could be better stocked - when I had a chocolate craving at 1am all it could offer was Mars bars, chunky kit kats and twixes, which are my least favourites!!! A Galaxy or two wouldn't have gone amiss!!!But all in all, a fab hotel, where you can be sure that you will get exactly what ou see on the website, which you can't say about many places these days!!!  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sillurian
<Content>wonderful stay! My boyfriend and I have stayed in several different hotels in london and i have to say that the Hoxton was an absolute delight! For the price it is almost impossible to beat. We stayed at the Hoxton two weekends ago for a brief stay in london. The room was CLEAN, there was a free breakfast, and free internet with four computers in the lobby for guests to use. It was a short walk from the old street tube station, and it was just far enough outside of the center of town to not deal with a lot of the touristy side of london.If you are looking for a hotel that is in the center of london (i.e picaddilly/leicester square/covent garden this hotel is not for you) to get into that area is only about 5-10 minutes away on the tube, so you are literally minutes away from it all. I just want to make that clear in case you are disapointed in the hotels location.I thought the service was wonderful, the hotel itself is fun and has a really cool lounge/bar to hang out in and have a drink before going out or going to bed! I will definately stay here again and again!I would also like to add that this hotel has a very youthful vibe to it, and would recommend this hotel to the 18-35 crowd, although i am sure any age would feel welcome with this friendly staff.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>yhuuilp
<Content>Affordable London @ Hoxton With the US dollar down on its luck, it was painful to travel to London. But we were able to save a few bucks by staying at the Hoxton -- without having to scrimp on style or service. The rooms were a decent size and tastefully decorated, and it was so nice to have a fridge in the room. The bathroom was very sexy with its mood lighting and frosted glass door. Everyone that works at the hotel is incredibly helpful and laid back. The neighborhood itself is entertaining -- our morning walk past the just-closing Aquarium nightclub along Great Eastern Street to the Tube was filled with all sorts of characters. One very minor complaint is the lack of draft beer selection at the bar -- what's everyone's obsession with Stella Artois? We took a lap around the block and found a pub with Old Speckled Hen and Fuller's on tap at The Griffin. Would HIGHLY recommend this hotel!  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>BrotherSmith
<Content>Superior Hotel whose no-overcharging ethos is to be applauded. Summary:A superior hotel, near Central London 鈥?the Hoxton Hotel鈥檚 no overcharging ethos is to be applauded in the rip-off capital of the world!When and why we stayed:We stayed here for 1 night in August 2007 during the Bank Holiday week-end 鈥?we were in London to see a show.Cost:We paid 拢59 for the room (including breakfast), booked via the hotel鈥檚 website. Room:We stayed in Room 423 on the hotel鈥檚 4th Floor. The room was south facing with views of The Gherkin and Tower 42 (formerly the Nat West Tower), the tallest building in central London. The room was clean, well-decorated, modern and air-conditioned. It was well-furnished with a wall-mounted Plasma TV (Freeview platform channels available); queen-sized comfortable bed with a 鈥?00% duck down duvet鈥?and Egyptian cotton sheets; a chaise-longue; desk; wardrobe; as well as a fridge. Complimentary half-litre bottles of water plus a carton of fresh milk are left in the fridge. The bathroom / toilet was slightly cramped but clean and modern, with a shower but no bath tub. The room also had a hairdryer; Internet connection point (free access); free-to-use safe; and a kettle (Twinings tea bags and coffee bags). Unlimited access to the movie channels cost 拢7:50 per day (Noon-Noon). Telephone calls cost an amazingly-cheap-for-a-hotel, 3p per minute for UK calls and 5p per minute to the US. There is no ridiculously-priced mini-bar! Inexpensive snacks and drinks are available from reception.Breakfast is delivered to your room. At check-in you are given a paper bag, to leave outside your room, having marked on it what time you want breakfast delivered. Our meal arrived on time and consisted of a Pret A Manger yoghurt with granola, orange juice and a banana. The Hotel:All public areas are clean and modern. We didn鈥檛 eat in the Hoxton Grille restaurant or drink in the bar. Free newspapers (The Guardian and The Observer) are available from a stand opposite the Reception desk. Our check-in and check-out was dealt with speedily and efficiently. When our shower developed a fault a call to Reception produced a prompt and successful visit from maintenance.Throughout the hotel there is free wifi for laptop users and there are also four PCs 鈥?all have free internet access. The ATM in lobby charges a 拢1:75 withdrawal fee 鈥?a notice on the machine directs you to the nearest free one! Hotel guest can use the nearby Market Sports Gym for 拢5. Show your room card and pay 拢5 on entry, then just collect your towel and locker key and get your kit on! Location:The hotel is near Central London, a 5 minutes safe walk from Old Street station. It is hard to believe that the hotel is in the London Borough of Hackney, one of the city鈥檚 poorest - the hotel鈥檚 locale is full of trendy restaurants and bars, clubs and loft apartments.  The city:In my opinion, London is one of the great cities of the world. Unfortunately, living nearby in Brighton has meant I have until recently overlooked this fact. The city has: history; great galleries and museums; splendid restaurants; theatres galore; and numerous must-see attractions. In the words of Dr Johnson: 鈥溾€?when a man is tired of London, he is tired of life; for there is in London all that life can afford. However, as a Brit I am embarrassed by the city鈥檚 capacity to rip-off and desire to fleece visitors: 拢50 theatre tickets to see an average production; 拢6 for 3 slices of foccacia bread and half a dozen olives at the Tate Modern鈥檚 restaurant; 拢9:50 admission fee to see St Paul鈥檚 Cathedral etc etc. The Hoxton Hotel鈥檚 approach is a welcome antidote to this malaise.  Feel free to E mail me if you require further information.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JackRoy
<Content>Superb Hotel in every way The Hoxton is a superb new 4* Hotel on the border of Shoreditch and Hoxton in North London.The rooms are funky and modern with excellent facilities within, no view as such but that wasn't much of a problem to us.The hotel has a great bar that serves superb cocktails by friendly staff. Locationwise, the bars and clubs of Shoreditch are 5mins walk, Brick Lane is 15mins walk and Old St Tube Station is 5mins walk.For value and quality I've not found a hotel in London to match it, and I'll be hoping to use it pretty much every time I need to stay in North London from now on.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>holliesfive
<Content>Excellent value at the Hoxton Hotel We didn't expect to be able to find a London Hotel that would accommodate a family of five for 3 nights during the summer holidays for less than 拢300!! Having found the Hoxton through the TripAdvisor website we were a little sceptical that the reviews sounded too good to be true, but were delighted to find a stylish, CLEAN, friendly hotel with good links to central London (5 mins walk to the nearest tube station or a bus stop just up the road (1/2 hour bus journey to Oxford Circus).Our children weren't too keen on the breakfast banana bag idea but easily found something more to their taste from the hotel restaurant. The hotel staff were all very polite, friendly and helpful. The Hoxton would definitely be our first hotel of choice should we come to London again.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>scousemouse
<Content>Style on a budget       Hoxton Bar  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	2	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>Notrayandsue
<Content>It's all True Clean, quiet, modern, relaxed. Super comfortable beds with everything you need for a great stay. Modern TV, hairdryer, safe deposit in room, even fresh milk and complimentary bottled water. An excellent choice hotel - but make sure you book in advance and get the super cheap deals on offer. Can't be bettered in London (or anywhere!) at those prices.Small tip - get there early and try to get a room in the middle of the building, off the main road, if you can.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mattywebster2000
<Content>Good value for money Like many others i found this a very nice hotel. I would note that there is a lot of outside noise but this was expected after reading the reviews on tripadvisor website. However i would note that it dies down after around 1ish and i didnt have an problems sleeping on the friday/saturday night and my girlfriend slept through every night.the hoxton has a good position in london. 2 stops from st pancras makes for an easy arival and departure. it is a couple of stops from all the major attractions.the free breakfast was ok but is merly a nice extra and i had no problems with it and all bananas turned up! the breakfast in the hotel restaurant is ok but a little overpriced at 拢8. A 1 minute walk will get you to a cafe selling english breakies at 拢3.50 - much better value.the key to this hotel is value for money. it is a lovely modern hotel at a price you would not expect to pay. I also bought direct through the hotel - 3 nights for 拢177. I have paid an awful lot more for London hotels and have not as near as satisfied.Pluses : Room lovely. Bed and Bathroom and TV fantastic. Free papers and continental breakfast. Good location - near to some restaurants and bars in a trendy part of London.Minuses : Only the noise was a mall issue here.Recomendations : Ask for a quiet room. If you get one you will appreciate it.Be careful with Old Street Sation. There are many exits but unfortunately i have forgotten the one you need. If in doubt call the hotel and they will direct you. I walked a mile in the wrong direction before i rang!This is a hotel hat will suit young couples/ individuals. I believe the rooms will only cater for 2 adults + a child cot - so kids who need a bed will have to have a serparate room.All in all a very good hotel, worth the trip and i will be returning to this hotel for every trip to London i take. Very nearly a 5/5 if not for the noise but find me a better hotel at 拢177 and a quiet hotel in London and i will be impressed.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Nightelf
<Content>Cheap but oh so chic! Cheap but chic!  We paid around 拢59 for a room as a treat, as we were going to be out late in Old Street and didn't fancy the night bus home. I fully expected to be disappointed but from start to finish, it was a pleasure. Awesome staff, great room ( I wanted to take the duvet home with me...), very comfortable, funky interior and I loved my Pret breakfast. Would highly recommend!  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>itcwinner26
<Content>Love the Hoxton We have stayed at the Hoxton before and will continue to do so whenever we stay in London. Amazing value for money and still a lovely hotel. Rooms are great with excellent bathrooms. Would recommend this hotel to anybody. Lots of great bars etc in the area and it really isn't far to central London by taxi or tube.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sheplobsters
<Content>Close but no cigar We had a generally very enjoyable stay at this hotel over the first weekend of August but there were some issues.Room: This was excellent and could not be faulted. The bathroom was great, as was the TV and bedding. The fresh milk and water each day were a good touch and it was refreshing to see high quality tea and coffee in the room. The free guide to Hoxton was very useful.Reception: very friendly and (generally) efficient. A free copy of the Guardian/Observer was most welcome. The 4 free internet terminals were a real bonus as I had decided against taking my laptop.Breakfast: This was a real diappointment. On one of the three mornings a banana was missing and on the last morning they only delivered one breakfast rather than two!Noise: On the Friday and Sunday nights we found the hotel to be unacceptably noisy. We suspect this was partly beacuse our stay coincided with the Shoreditch festival.We felt there should have been some warning about the likely level of noise.My other minor complaint was that on the first morning the hotel failed to wash one of our mugs and replenish our tea bag supply. When I asked for this on the Saturday night I was told it would be done by 8 am on the Sunday morning but it wasn't and I had to ask again (and the receptionist gave me tea bags straight away so why hadn't the guy the night before?)However, overall the hotel was excellent and represented very good value at 拢147 for three nights (the earlier you book the cheaper it is) and I would definitely stay again. However I feel it has some work to do if it's to justify being as pleased with itself as it seems to be from its website.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Joni55
<Content>Fabulous hotel Exceptional value for money when booking in advance.Rooms stylish and efficient.Bathroom a dream!Well located with shops and markets within walking distance.Great restaurant in the hotel.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gillisfab
<Content>If only all hotels were like this Had a brilliant night's stay here. Decorated in quirky and modern style and spotlessly clean. Good internet facilities. Flat screen TV. Free spring water in the fridge in the room. Extremely comfortable bed. Air-conditioning you can adjust yourself. I would definately stay there again.Only downside was that our room overlooked the bar which was noisy. We were out until very late so it didn't bother us, but if you wanted to stay in I suggest you ask for a quieter room.Might be too 'young and trendy' for older people who prefer a more traditional hotel.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	3	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Peach117
<Content>Loved this hotel!!!!! The hotel was spotless, the service excellent and friendly and the restaurant and bar was awesome!! Our rooms were roomy and comfortable and we had unlimited wireless computer service either in our room on our TV or at 4 terminals in the lobby. We received a light breakfast every morning in our room that consisted of a fresh banana, fresh yogurt and orange juice.The restaurant food was marvelous and the presentation was wonderful. I would recommend this hotel to everyone. Oh yeah, it was a very small price for a 5 star hotel.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LRTravels
<Content>Fantastic We stayed here for one night and got a room for the promotional 拢29 Rate. The hotel was brilliant, room was a good size spotless, modern with lovelyDecor.Its about a 5 minute walk from The nearest tube station and is minutes fromvarious pubs and restaurants. The Free breakfast was fab.The fresh milk and bottles of water in the fridgewere a nice touch too.Would have no problems staying here again, even paying full rate. Staff werefriendly and helpful, everything about the hotel was fantastic nothing to fault.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>asinger
<Content>The Hoxton was a revelation! We booked the Hoxton for a week's stay through [--] and got a great deal. I had researched many of the budget (not budget at all when you consider what the US dollar gets, but that's another story) hotels in London and this was the best deal for an acceptable-sounding modern hotel we found. I think it worked out to about 75 pounds/night, which is fantastic considering all the amenities.In addition to everything everyone else mentioned, like the nice breakfast (which does get old after 7 mornings there, but hey, it's free!), free wi-fi, pretty sizable room, quality linens, and wonderful shower, they had calls to America at 5p a minute! Unheard of, right?The only drawbacks we saw were that you couldn't really leave the window open at night without suffering from lots of noise -- we were facing the back and it seemed the garbage trucks came multiple times a night! Plus people would walk back to their cars, talking, in the middle of the night. But we learned to keep our window closed, and the AC worked great.We had drinks in the bar area one night and shared the mini burgers, which were excellent and pretty reasonably priced. Service was lackluster, but hey, that was London all around (no offense meant -- we're just used to overly friendly US service -- hello, my name is Joe and I'll be your server tonight).All in all I would highly recommend the Hoxton! Neighborhood was great to explore and we walked everywhere from there -- only a couple miles to the Tower of London, to Southwark, and to the British Museum. It's really quite easy to avoid the tube!  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	3	3	5	

<Author>Belgian_EU
<Content>Very good hotel for the price and location I stayed two nights midweek and paid GBP99 for one night and GBP79 for the other. For this you get a reasonably-sized room with bathroom including rain shower, mineral water, tea and coffee etc. Flat screen TV in the room, but no access to the AV so you can plug in your laptop but not then see the DVD playing ...Included is also a Pret Light Breakfast, which is a banana, orange juice and a small granola yoghurt.The hotel is about 5 mins on foot from Old Street underground station and 15 mins from Liverpool Street.Tip - ask for a room as high up as they can and facing inwards, the traffic from Great Eastern Street kept me awake the first time I stayed there.Oh, and the wifi is free, so make the most of it :-)  
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	3	5	

<Author>Akateze1
<Content>Funky Lodge Described as an Urban Lodge - we were a bit worried that it was not really central to the area of London we needed but the price was great and the write ups excellent so gave it a go. Really glad we did. It was cheaper than a travel lodge, well sited for the Old Street tube with some really good bars and restaurants close by. And was a real experience compared to most hotels. Described by my partners son as out of the set for Aliens!But don't be put off - this comment was about the corridors - the rooms were more comfortable in appearance and were a good size, extremely clean with a great shower room (almost wetroom). The staff were very helpful, the whole feel was very informal but well run. The wall mounted flat screen TV was a definate hit with the men!  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>shetravels99
<Content>Great hotel My friend and I booked a twin room here at the end of June - and got a pretty good deal from the website. Two nights - 69 pounds each night.The room was well-decorated (we loved the rock/paper/scissors pillows) and the bathroom was surprisingly big. The breakfast was a nice touch. We also made use of the free internet/computers in the lobby and had a drink at the bar one night. The area around the Hoxton (a couple minutes walk) was fun - lots of little bars/pubs and young people. We met up with people who actually lived in London, as opposed to tourists.The only thing I didn't like about the Hoxton was the messaging/alarm system. Someone left me a message, so the TV would beep and we were supposed to be able to check and delete the message, but we ended up having to have someone come up and completely unplug the TV. Other than that, I would absolutely recommend this to anyone looking for an affordable, modern hotel in London.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BazzerBoy
<Content>Echo Having spent the weekend of the 13-15 July at the Hoxton, I can only echo the great reports from others. Why aren't all hotels like this? Early checkin was available on the Friday to drop our bags. Room overlooking the courtyard. I would use this hotel again. For information Jamie Oliver's reataurant is close by. Excellent food.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	4	4	4	

<Author>HappyTraveler012
<Content>A fantastic hotel at a great price This is an absolutely wonderful hotel. The rooms are comfortable and immaculately clean. The bar and restaurant are great and the location is convenient.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>shp
<Content>Excellent Stay at the Hoxton I was alerted via a deals website to the room auction that the Hoxton held earlier in July and we were lucky enough to get a room for 拢1. I had no idea what to expect as I hadn't had a chance to read reviews before booking but once we had read them I was really looking forward to our stay and we were not disappointed. The rooms are small but really well designed, very comfortable bed and a great bathroom - also decent coffee which is a rarity! Great location with good local restaurants and an easy walk to lots of touristy things (Tower of London, St Pauls etc).To be honest I only booked this as it was ages since we had had a night in London and at 拢1 I wasn't too bothered what the hotel was like. As it turned out our only regret was that we hadn't booked a second night at full price. The room auction was a great marketing play as we will certainly return and would recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>BritBoy82
<Content>Loved the Hoxton We had already booked the Hoxton Hotel for our annual week in London, for August of 2007, however, we found an absolute bargain and decided to stay for two nights in July, prior to our main stay.Having stayed in many decent four and five-star London hotels I was a little concerned with the Hoxton being a mere three-star establishment, but my fears didn't last long. We arrived by the nearest tube (Old Street), practically the heart of the City of London and enjoyed a leisurely stroll to the hotel, taking about five or six minutes.The area surrounding the Hoxton could be said to be a little run-down, however we found the area to be relatively safe and otherwise nothing of great concern. As we approached the hotel it looked rather modern and to quote others, 'trendy'. We approached the check-in desk in the main lobby passing the bar and lounge areas. We were very efficiently checked-in and dispatched to our room. On the day that we stayed there had been a problem with the computer that controls the access cards and so we were personally led to our room by a member of staff. This problem didn't last and within an hour or so the cards were activated.As we entered our room from the ultra-modern hallway we found, what on first inspection appeared to be, a small room. However the use of space was excellent and we didn't struggle for room at all. The cleanliness, decor and quality of the room and fittings was of the highest order. The adjustable LCD television above the desk made viewing from the bed a delight. Inside the fridge we found a complimentary quarter pint of fresh semi-skimmed milk and two bottles of mineral water. None of those awful UHT thimbles here! The bed was pure heaven, the heavy and plump pillows were dressed in the same crisp white, and rather expensive, linen as the rest of the bed and the whole sleeping experience was divine. The en-suite shower-room was tiled from floor to ceiling and the shower itself was one of the most pleasant in the whole of London. The strong shower never struggled for either power or heat and made cooling-off on a warm July day excellent. Unlike many London hotels, the cleanliness couldn't be faulted. The towels are extra-large and very soft; we also found extra towels and two extra pillows in the wardrobe.The extras in this hotel were very important to us; the free Wi-Fi internet access was easy, nothing to set-up and it worked instantly and was much quicker than our home broadband connection. The complimnetary breakfast of a banana, orange juice and yoghut (all Pret Manger) was always delivered at the time selected by us. The fruit was very fresh and the yoghurt excellent.There is a sense of down-to-earth honesty here that I have never experienced in any of the many pretentious hotels that I have stayed in. The telephone calls are charged at 3p per minute for national rate calls, instead of the usual pounds-per-unit price that other hotels charge. There is also a shop in the hotel selling chocolate, crisps, nuts and drinks and all at newsagent prices. A can of Coca-Cola cost just 50p.We did not use the restuarant on this visit so we therefore cannot pass comment, we'll save that for our August review.In conclusion, we would now always consider this hotel as our first choice in London. It's excellence is beyond comparison with similar hotels.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>r46fy4hf03ndg3t
<Content>Watch your credit card statement after booking, beware "requests" for twin room My partner booked one night for us + sister and mother several months in advance. We requested 1 double and 1 twin room and booked online. First problem was they charged the credit card for 3 rooms. OK, an easy mistake possibly, but trying to remedy this was extremely frustrating - they ignored emails, so we phoned them several times. Trying to speak to someone who understood the concept of overcharging and was authorised to do something about it was so difficult that we were close to filing a formal dispute via the credit card company when they agreed to refund the card. They mistakenly seemed to imagine we were trying to cancel the booking or something.On the day we arrived they telephoned a couple of hours beforehand as a courtesy call [their words] to say that we didnt have a twin room, just two doubles. When we protested that we had booked several months before and that this was a little inconvenient, they became stroppy. They made it clear that any misunderstanding was 100% ours because we failed to realise that we could only 'request' a twin room and a request was precisely that . They did not accept that it would have been good customer practice to inform us at the time of booking that a request for a twin room could not be met.My advice to anyone booking this hotel - 1) watch your credit card statement, and 2) don't imagine that any 'unusual' requests such as for a twin room will be met - and don't expect them to inform you till it's too late to make alternative plans 3) avoid having to speak to anyone there - assuming you can get through, reservations staff have poor communication skills and no concept of customer care. Shame we won't be coming back after this as there are many positive points echoed by others on this site.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	1	5	2	1	-1	

<Author>SlimeyAlien
<Content>Fantastic hotel! This is a superb hotel, stylish with superb decor, friendly and helpful staff and wonderful comfy rooms with a lovely en-suite shower. I never want to leave. Have stayed on a couple of occaisions and recommend it for a break just to get away and relax there. The restaurant in the lobby is superb, highly recommend the steak which comes on a chopping board with a metal vase holding the chips which stay hot! The place has such style with special touches you don't get from other hotels. No UHT milk in the rooms - fresh cartons in the mini bar. Free newspapers, 24hr room service, and wonderful decor throughout. If only all those chained hotels would follow this as an example. The value for money is superb and I have been told there are fab places close by to go to but I can never leave the hotel. Fab cocktails, food and a wonderful bedroom....why would I want to go out!!?Cannot recommend this place highly enough. Emily  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Trx
<Content>Our new London Base Having read some mixed reviews of the Hoxton Hotel we were not expecting much but having only paid 拢70 per room per night for a double we planned to spend the majority of the time out on the tiles and use it as a base. Its in Shoreditch, an area thats becoming very popular in London and is situated 5 mins walk from Old St Station. We arrived to an atmosphere of a busy bar but the reception was easily found and the staff were very efficient and friendly. The room was very clean and very modern. Nice dark furniture, stunning sheets, flat screen TV and a chiase long! The bathroom was equally good. All the rooms are the same and only differ in the view from the window. We freshened up and went to explore the bar further. Its a circular space around a modern courtyard with an outdoor drinking area surrounding a tree. The bar itself was a modern blend of Highland Grandure and urban clean industrialism with a beautiful paper sculpture of a flying eagle! (You have to see it to believe it!) We quickly settled in and drank into the night finishing, long after the non-residents had been asked to leave, with a GT to take up to the room. Sunday we just relaxed with papers and the best English breakfast London has to offer. This is a hotel for social people and not a quiet getaway, that said however getting an available room mid week is almost impossible due to the business clients that know a good hotel when they see it.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	4	4	4	

<Author>1234Cat
<Content>Would recommend this hotel for older, not just younger travellers! I stayed one night at this hotel with my husband. We are aged 58  60 respectively. Although this is a great hotel for younger people, I think it is also good for older people who want a clean, modern, comfortable environment without paying the earth! I think the phrase luxury budget which I saw somewhere sums it up nicely. Other contributors have given good descriptions of the facilities, so I won't repeat these. I would just like to add that I have stayed at many hotels on business where I felt uncomfortable as a lone female, but I would have felt comfortable as a single traveller staying here.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>welshboy4
<Content>Probably the best deal in London I had a business engagement in the Hoxton area and I had suddenly remembered reading a review of the Hoxton Hotel when it had opened last year. So the location for me was perfect straight off. I had not expected to find such a gem of a hotel though. It did its job perfectly. I arrived before check-in, but I got my room immediately. The place looks far more expensive than it is. The design is probably best described as funky alternative boutique. This is totally in keeping with the Hoxton area. The place is so cheap [I paid 拢79 for one night] that you could easily justify lunch at the Rivington Deli just around the corner - this is a serious restaurant of the Ivy and Caprice group. It would be really easy to spend more there for lunch for two, but it was superb.Another local feature is the White Cube Gallery - Damien Hirst's 拢50m diamond skull was on display there. I know that other reviewers have commented on the shabbiness of the area - but you can seek out some great things to do. I would say that the only downside of the hotel is that it's a couple of changes on the tube to get to the West End. But that is not too much of a hassle.All in all, my remaining concern will be - can they keep it running at a profit? When you pay just 拢79 for a night and get well designed rooms, flat screen tv, a superb power shower, high quality bed linen, fresh coffee, milk, mineral water, free newspaper, breakfast all in - how do they make their money?I usually stay in 5 star hotels in London. From now on I'll check out the Hoxton first!Stay there while you can!  
<Date>Jun 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>!!!!!!?
<Content>Other hotels - take tips! Great hotel where it really shows someone has sat down and actually THOUGHT about what customers want, like and need! And all at very reasonable prices for London! Restaurant is good, too. The whole ethos of retail not rip-off prices stands true for the drinks and snacks you can buy at reception - a refreshing hotel and I will stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	2	5	5	5	5	

<Author>IannaFaye
<Content>Was excellent I found this hotel through a valentines special offer and got a deal on a double room. I loved the modern design, soooo much nicer than the chintz  lace that you find elsewhere in Britain. The bed was comfy and facillities great.It was very clean and bathroom was fab, I really enjoyed my 1 night stay, will definitely go back again and recommend to all my friends.Breakfast there is delivered in a brown paper bag, containing juice, yoghurt  banana, I enjoyed it tho it might not be to everyones taste, I think there were options if you wanted a heartier breakfast at an extra expense. Do put out your do not disturb sign tho as the cleaners are eager in the morning. The staff were friendly, they helped us with directions and asked how we were on several few occassions (but wasn't in an intrusive annoying way).It's the best hotel I have ever stayed in.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>matthewweeks
<Content>Great Hotel / Great Value The Hoxton was great. The rates are outstanding for a hotel with the amenities offered, even more so for the very pricy city of London. Hotel rooms had everything that we wanted during our stay (free wi-fi, early check-in, great bathroom, great bed, AC, flat-screen tv, safe). The staff was very helpful.The location of the hotel was better than expected. The Hoxton area has a great selection of trendy bars/restaurants and was hopping every night. Furthermore, the hotel is a 2 minute walk from the Old Street station.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rockabillyhun
<Content>compact and funky! we booked a special deal thru thomas cook @sainsburys with rail travel and hotel to the hoxton and it was excellent value for money! 2 nites at the funky hoxton, we did get a lil lost in the pouring rain but it was easy to find from the underground when we grasped where we were!hotel room was compact but very modern and up to date, flat screen tv and the best showers i have ever had! shame the doors leaked!room service was good if a little pricey but the staff are very helpful and being able to get a mars bar at midnite has its advantages!  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>170606
<Content>Excellent! Is a bargain! Just stayed for 2 nights - had no complaints at all - its fabby modern, free internet, great relaxed lounge area - rooms are ideal and have everything you need!Bar is slightly on the pricey side - 拢6 for a baileys etc but guess it is London.We will be back!  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Spinaker
<Content>An Awesome Gem in London I loved this hotel. As a Canadian I was worried about finding a decent hotel in London for a reasonable price (our exchange is awful). Then I found the Hoxton.We spent five nights there. The room was a good size for London (ie. we could stretch our arms out the bed and not touch the walls) and the bathroom was lovely with a big vanity and a nice rain shower.The room was clean with a hip vibe. You have a flat screen TV giving you a few channels but no satellite which surprised me a bit. The bed was super comfy and you even had fresh milk for your tea and coffee in your fridge along with 2 bottles of water every day.The hotel has 5 internet stations you can use for free and even internet access in your room from the TV (a bit fiddly though).The location is very good. Hoxton is a pretty hip area (visit the Columbia Road flower market on Sundays for a treat). Lots of good restaurants. Good tube connections as well.The staff were friendly and I felt like I got good value for money. The downstairs bar seemed pretty popular on a Fri/Sat evening as well.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>peacex
<Content>i will be back! Booked thru the hotel website. got the sat and sun night price at 79 and 29 pounds respectively. booked way in advance and i think it was an extremely good deal. breakfast was not amazingly nice but pret's breakfast provided was decent for me. hotel room was not small, we could even put an extra bed. flat screen relatively wide tv was great. design was great and trendy. toilet was cool! i loved the showers. design was practical as well. loved the mini fridge which had fresh milk and water, which served me well. most importantly, its extremely clean and i liked the fact that each guest had a key each.hotel staff, friendly and helpful. reacts fast to issues as well. free wifi at the ground level was a plus. free newspaper in the morning was something i appreciated. lobby is small but very nicely designed. the toilets in the lobby was cool!for sure, im staying in hoxton the next time i arrive.only negative its the problems that can occur if you are in london when the tube at old street is closed.however, there are busses available to camden, waterloo, holborn, oxford st. etc etc. everything is fine as long as you are not carrying a huge luggage with hand luggage as well. be prepared to have a workout on day 1 of check in and last day when u check out.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	4	4	4	5	

<Author>bn26
<Content>at last not a hotel rip off !!!!! at last not a hotel rip off !!!!! not the usual hotel experience, from the hoxton , forget this is not the best area of london , as the hotel itself is a refreshing change from the norm ..... FREE botted water , FREE FRESH milk (both in fridge ), not instant coffee , quality breakfast delivered to your room when you want it , FREE internet access , CLEAN rooms and bathroom , great freindly staff , not your usual hotel and at a great price .... i hope the others will follow , but i doubt it !!!  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jojomillar
<Content>A different hotel from the norm I stayed in this hotel overnight on business. I selected on a recommendation and being handy to the venue I was attending.I felt uncomfortable walking to the hotel, the area isn't very nice.Was pleasantly suprised when I got to the hotel. the reception staff were extremely friendly and the ambiance quite funky and trendy. The corridors are quite dark and eery for me but some would say trendy.The room was nice again very trendy, fab toilet and walk in shower, nice double bed. It had a lot of good features, mini Fridge with water and milk. Coffee and tea making facilities, room service. Breakfast was good, you just hang a paper bag outside your door and state your preferred time and you get fresh orange juice, yogurt and a banana. Alternatively you can go to the restaurant for a cooked breakfast.Check out was fast and again staff on reception excelled themselves .I really liked this hotel but not the area it was in.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	1	5	5	5	4	

<Author>happy_evil
<Content>It's 100% true       Nice shower  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GarrySpillane
<Content>Good for London Rather than just say good things about this hotel like everyone else let me say a few negative things first. The room we had was quite small. We were there for 4 nights so we have cases and there is really no where to store these so the nice sofa we had was taken up with them (there isn't a lot of floor free either). The view out the window was fairly industrial but then from reading other reviews it was quite.Having said this all what other have said is true as well. There was some nice features in the room, not least the shower and decor. Also the mini-breakfast was great (yogart, juice and a bananna) coupled with the ground coffee in the room it tied you over to lunch very nicely.The free internet in the lobby was great for checking out stuff in London and it was fast. The restuarant and bar were good as well but like most of London some what expensive. The staff were good and friendly while not overly friendly.The area is okay but not great but to be honest that had it's own charm. The tub is only about 5 minutes away so that was very handy. We will certainly go back here next time in London  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>mmrie
<Content>Problems with reservations - warning I booked a double room for two nights at the Hoxton hotel and had to change my booking to another date. I wanted to cancel initially, but was told that this was not possible according to the terms and conditions of the booking. I was then told that I could always change my booking, as long as I did this 48 hours in advance. I needed to change my booking again (both times for good reasons) and was told by a different member of staff that I couldn't change my booking at all (this time also referring to the terms and conditions). I'm still in negotiation about the booking, but I would like to warn anybody who is considering booking this hotel that the terms and conditions are not like every other hotel that I've stayed in and that you risk losing your money even if something happens outside your own control. Despite the good reviews of this hotel, I don't want to risk this again and will not book this hotel again.  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rob1959
<Content>efficiency without formality We have just returned from an excellent two night stay at the Hoxton. The staff are efficient and friendly without being stuffy or formal, rooms are large with modern bathrooms and walk in showers. The hotel is customer focused, excellent value for money, modern and contemporary and shows a great attention to detail. All this and in a great area as well - Hoxton has a great night life for all ages if you are young at heart. We will definately stop here on our next london visit.  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>Pencoed10
<Content>Feels like boutique at travel hotel price Just back from a long weekend here. Excellent time, such a bargain, nice clean rooms, great shower (big enough for two), staff with personality and in a central location (10 min walk from Liverpool St). It is also next door to the Medicine bar so just convince your mates to end the night there and you can walk home. Highly recommended. Not too many people over 40 there so it could be just for the young at heart.  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>loose
<Content>Great hotel Great hotel, Old Street tube station was closed but Liverpool Street was only a 10-15 minute walk. Lovely bar (Cantaloupe) just over the street for lunch. Rooms  bathroom excellent. I stay in London about 4 or 5 times a year  will not look elsewhere in future. Jamie Oliver's restaurant Fifteen is also only 5 minutes walk away  does a great breakfast for the same sort of price as the hotel restaurant.Great value for 拢79 a night.  
<Date>May 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>robmacf
<Content>Great hotel in a fab neighborhood The Hoxton offers outstanding value in a great location. The rooms, while small, are very comfortable and outfitted beautifully. You could make a week of it staying here, without even getting on the Underground. There's plenty to see and do within easy walking distance (duh, this is London.) Great for business or pleasure.  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Friendodot
<Content>Hip Hoxton On our recent trip to Italy with London as bookends, we stayed at the Hoxton and loved it. I get suspicious of some good reviews as being from the hotel staff but I have to say that all the kudos for this hotel have been correct. Though not in the center of London, it's very easy using the 55 Bus to get into to the center of things (the tube is a bit more cumbersome and more expensive). The hotel is very sleek and hip, with lots of young people and a young vibe. The rooms are a bit small, but stylishly decorated, and the little extras in the room (free bottle of water and milk for coffee), along with flatscreen TV and Pret-A-Manager breakfast (fresh OJ, yogurt and banana) make you feel a bit pampered for the price. Plus there are free internet terminals in the lobby. If you're a night owl, it's a great area for clubs and things, plus there's music and food downstairs. Not being a night owl myself, the beat from the downstairs party did get a bit loud the first night we were there (a Saturday) so when we returned to the hotel on our way back from Italy, we requested a quieter room and it was perfect. There's a mini-mart across the street which is great for drinks and snacks.A bit more on using the bus--normally it's two pounds per trip unless you buy something called an Oyster card. it's a bit of an investment at first as you need put a 3 pound deposit on it (which you can get back) plus a minimum of 10 pounds of fare, too. But it pays for itself quickly, as the bus rides are 1 to 1.5 pounds each (depending on the time of day, I think). Plus it reduces the cost of tube rides from 4 pounds (outrageous!) to 2 pounds.That's it. I'm definitely staying at the Hoxton next time I'm in London.  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Linshears
<Content>Great hotel! I booked two rooms at this hotel for 2nd April 2007. I paid 拢99 for one room and 拢1 for the other (this isn't normal price but the hotel had an introductory offer at the end of last year and I was lucky enough to get one of the rooms!). The staff at check-in were extremely welcoming and friendly, and the room was incredible. I had a large room containing a very comfortable double bed, a desk and chaise longue and the largest bathroom I've ever seen!! The location is good (close to Old Street Station) and the area has some very good traditional pubs (we had a great lunch at Bar Aquarium) and some great looking restaurants. This must be the best value hotel in London and I will definitely be staying there every time I visit from now on.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>choni
<Content>Awesome And Impresive Hotel       bathroom  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>terf
<Content>Great for nightlife Just adding to what everyone else has mentioned before - excellent hotel highly recommended. We are Londoners but decided to take a break in our own city because we were lucky enough to secure a 拢1 rate at the Hoxton and live on the other side of town so dont get to frequent the East End. Can you believe though, 拢1 for a stay in a boutique hotel? Amazing! Even the full rate of 拢59 through their website is outstanding value. The best part of the Hoxton is the access to nightlife - if you want to party out late this is the area to do it. Many clubs and bars, all of which are highlighted in a handy little brochure you get in your room. Funky restaurants to eat in - try Green and Red for mexican, Les trois garcon for the amazing decor and the hundreds of other places around.If you've been to London before and have done all the usual haunts, then definitely stay at the Hoxton. And even if you havent seen all the sights, the hotel is central enough to just about everywhere.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Cla73
<Content>Excellent value hotel Stayed at the Hoxton Hotel on a Friday night in April 2007. Very welcoming staff on the reception desk. Room small but very well decorated and equipped. Bathroom had no bath, but shower was excellent. Great idea to have free water and fresh milk in the fridge. Good to see a safe in the room too. Particularly liked the idea of having a bottle opener in the room and a guide to bars and restaurants in the surrounding area.Unfortunately was not able to sample the hotel's food and drink facilities since I had to meet friends in a different part of London, but I will definitely be back to spend more time in this fantastic hotel.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	3	4	5	5	5	

<Author>*missnUK*
<Content>Excellent value!! We booked this hotel as a last mintue break in Central London expecting to pay a lot but this hotel offers exceptional value. Our room cost just 拢59 on the hotels website - This price included a Pret-A-Manger lite breakfast for 2, 2 bottles of mineral water and fresh milk in our mini-fridge, all for free! Free WI-FI access in your room is also an excellent plus as we take our laptop everywhere with us. If you don't have a laptop the hotel also offers a free internet service in the reception area, there are 4 PC's so you are guaranteed that at least 1 will always be free.The rooms have the luxury you would expect to be paying 拢150+ for in Central London. Flat-screen T.V, comfy bed, sofa, desk, hairdryer, mini-fridge and safe. The best part for me, however was the bathroom, particularly the shower which was wonderfully spacious! The rooms and bathrooms are very clean and luxurious looking. As with all the others reviews below, we found the staff to be very helpful and polite and we had a quick and easy check-in and check-out. If I was to compare this hotel with another luxurious London hotel I would compare it with The Mayfair which we stayed at last December. The room and bathroom styling is very similar, the only difference being the amount of space available. Overall, I would be more than happy to choose the Hoxton over the Mayfair as with the Mayfair you are paying a lot extra just for a more spacious room. If you can do without the extra space the Hoxton is an excellent property for a brilliant value stay in Central London.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CaptDad42
<Content>Excellent Hotel Booked the Hoxton Hotel after reading about it in the NY Times. We were a little skeptical about it being too young for us. However, that was never an issue. The Hotel is located about 5 minutes from the Old Street Station, Exit 3. From the front desk staff to the restaurant staff, everyone was as nice as can be and helpful. They truly understood the value of customer service. The decor in the room was trendy, as everything else in the Hotel. There was a coffee maker in the room, with a little refrigerator, and breakfast was delivered to the door every morning at a time suggested us, between 6 a.m. and 9 a.m. Breakfast consisted of an orange juice, yogurt and bananna, which was plentiful.I would not think twice about staying there again.This truly was a great value. If you are there on a Sunday, about 10 minutes away is the Spitafields open market.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bryzee86
<Content>Fantastic hotel! My girlfriend and I booked two rooms (one for us and one for my brother who was visiting us) for 拢1 each on their limited offer back in February. We stayed for just one night on 12/04/07 and can say that it is the best hotel experience I have had. Though that may be my relieved wallet talking! :Danyway, we arrived early evening and were warmly greeted by an Irish lady at reception (snazzy uniforms, by the way), and were checked in quickly. We were informed there were free papers (guardian and Evening Standard, lovely), though we were a bit miffed when she told us we couldn't replace our free breakfast yoghurt (we can't eat milk) with an extra piece of fruit each. didn't get why this was, as the fellow we emailed said we could. Ah well, at 拢1, i can't moan too much. We then went up to our rooms, noting the free internet PCs (5 of them) and roaring fires with comfy seating in the lobby before stepping into the small but funkily tiled lifts (elevators for the yanks). The corridors continued the hotel's funky and trendy feel, though I might [--] that the red lights had the feel of a brothel! (or should I say what a brothel might feel like!)The rooms themselves were of a reasonable, imaculately clean, and furnished to a very high standard. This included a flat screen television with free music streams, radio, numerous TV channels (none foreign) and free internet with the provided keyboard. There was ample storage for somebody staying a night or two, as this hotel is aimed more at the business market, but couples, say, staying for a while may not have enough room. There was a smallish fridge with 2 free bottles of water and milk (not needed thank you!), and a digital safe to store your doo-dahs in the wardrobe. The bathroom. There were plenty of towels (plus more on top of the wardrobe), two free bottles of shampoo/conditioner (not really enough for two people), and an actual new bar of real size pears soap. I couldn't believe this, to be honest. I know it's only a small detail, but having that and a soap dish rather than hotel brand cheap soap made me smile! the shower itself was luxurious, with a separate handheld attachment for your...y'know. Back in the bedroom and the drawer came stocked with a hairdryer, bottle opener with pen-knife and corkscrew, map of the local area with restaurant and bar suggestions and a pad of paper and pencil. In addition to this were the usual coffee (standard and decaff in fresh ground bags rather than instant granules) and tea (twinings english breakfast an peppermint teas) as well as coffee and splenda sweeteners. There were 2 of: wine glasses, tumblers and mugs and a little tea cup-cum-sugar bowl type thing (it got left well alone!).By the large window (which faced out onto the willow street offices (nearly opened the curtains whilst nude - whoops)) was a sofa to recline on whilst watching television. That was until I found out that the TV could be swivelled outwards and to the side to face the bed! the bed itself was quite luxurious with warm, comfy duvets and clean, crisp sheets. The quirky scissors, paper, stone scatter cushions were a nice, and comfy, touch. Back to the point about the breakfast bag. I wrote a little note on it saying about the yogurt situation and was pleasantly surprised when I found the next morning that they had not only gone to the extent of supplying us with an extra piece of fruit (apple), but had also given us an extra bottle of orange juice and another bottle of water! EACH! thanks hoxton and pret!checkout was smooth and fast, with two extra staff coming over to attend the desk when they saw us waiting for a minute. About the area: the area is definitely not the glitz and glamour of Knightsbridge. It is a predominately residential area, whough in the past few years business men and women as well as quirky restauranters have set up shop. Because of this, the area is very fashionable. I would even go as far as to say that because of the residential area, you are in much less danger of being mugged as a tourist here than in, say, Victoria. Also, there are numerous buses that serve the area, with Old Street BR and Tube station withing 5 minute walking distance, and Liverpool Street within 10 or 15 minutes. All in all, a fantastic stay and a wonderful bargain, even if you get it for 拢79 or 拢99 a night.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>fazbek
<Content>Fantastic boutique hotel What a fantastic hotel. Stayed here on business last year but have been back several times since to meet with friends for drinks in the trendy bar.The rooms are really cool - not exactally hugh but did the job. The bathroom is very desinger chic - with a really funky monsoon style shower and Pears soap (how very retro). Free, fresh 1/2 pint milk in the room (no horrible UHT pots) along with bottled water, t-bags etc. Hair dryer also accesible and near a mirror. Fantastic plama tv with a a pretty much full range of sky channels.The breakfast is really handy - left on the back of you door in the morning - letting you have the extra 10mins in bed (very important!). You can choose to have b'fast downstairs at a pretty reasonalbe cost.All in all I really enjoyed my stay here - the area is the prettiest but the location is fantastic for hopping on the tube.Would recommend!  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Petunia3791
<Content>Faultless service Stayed over Easter at the Hoxton (booked in advance and get two twin rooms for approx 拢58 prpn). As I was taking my mother there who is in her 70's I contacted the hotel directly and requested the quietest rooms possible which they were able to do for her. As said in previous posts the area is not the cleanest but it didn't feel unsafe. Tube was a bit unreliable over the weekend due to engineering works but Liverpool street station was only a short walk away and offered a greater choice of lines.The hotel is spotlessly clean, excellent value but the main plus for me was the staff. On our first night (Thursday) the bar and restaurant was very noisey as alot of people were celebrating their Friday night early due to Easter. We asked them for suggestions for a quieter restaurants and they were happy to oblige. We did eat in the restaurant on other evenings and found it excellent value for money, lovely food and I do like it when restaurants sell carafes of wine for those evenings when you don't want a full bottle but more than a glass.In summary, I think the hotel is perfect for the 20+ age group who are in London for a good weekend. The rest of us can enjoy it as well but may feel a little old on occasion! The staff in this hotel are the nicest I have ever come across and not what one would typically expect for London!  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>leebond
<Content>Bumped by the Hoxton We were looking forward to a weekend in London with my son and his girlfriend, celebrating his 20th birthday, and booked into the apparently funky Hoxton Hotel, with easy acess to local trendy clubs and bars. Booking 2 weeks before on the hotel website I was a little taken aback to see, after paying 拢396 in advance, that there was no right of cancellation or possibility of a refund under any circumstances. However, I guess this is a budget hotel.I was therefore shocked to find a message on my answerphone 24 hours before arrival saying that there had been a computer error leading to overbooking and they would find us an alternative hotel. After some difficulty I managed to contact a manager at the hotel, who said that we should not worry as they had booked us into an equivalent hotel, the Thistle Barbican - see appalling reviews on this website and a long way from the trendy bars of Hoxton. They had not tried to phone again, or to email (they had my address from the booking), and if we had not phoned on the Thursday evening we would only have found out on arrival on Friday, with little time to find an alternative. I had the impression that they had simply found someone more important who needed 2 rooms - there was no other explanation offered as to why we were chosen to be bumped off , and only a half-hearted apology with a promise that they could offer us a booking for another weekend. Eventualy they agreed to a full refund.Fortunately we were able to book into the Melia White House Hotel in Regents Park for the same price via lastminute.com, and had an excellent stay - although it was an expensive taxi ride away from Hoxton.I would be very interested to know if others have had this experience. The Hoxton Hotel has had a good write up on this website and in the press, but I shall not be booking again, and can only advise others caveat emptor.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lou_Rolls
<Content>How Great is the Hoxton Hotel? Read on to find out how Fabulous it is! Excellent! What a refreshing change to have your expectations excelled. The service was fabulous, nothing was too much trouble. They even searched on the internet for us to find where the restaurant was we had booked into that evening, showed us a map  ordered us a cab! No extra charge.Room prices are so shockingly inexpensive, the earlier you book though the cheaper it is. The room was spacious enough, the bed was larger than a standard double and I didn't want to get out of it as it was sooo comfortable, had lovely large cushions and luxurious duvet. Plasma screen which you can pull out to watch whilst lazing on the bed.The room  bathroom were both spotlessly clean. The decor is great, it is modern/contemporary but not pretentious. Locations is a bonus too, nearest stop is old street, only 2 stops from Leicester Square. Lots of restaurants and bars nearby. No complaints, spot on! We will be going back again and can't wait!Also the photo's on their website are exactly like the hotel. No rip offs here!  
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>adk84
<Content>Loved The Hoxton My partner and I stayed at the Hoxton on Sat 31st March for 1 night and i have to say it was one of the best hotels i have ever stayed in.We arrived at kings cross on the sat morning and where worried the hotel would b hard to get to but just two stops on the tube and a five min walk and we were there. The hotel receptionist was really friendly and the hotel had a really relaxed feeling. The decor was fab - very trendy and posh! Check in wasn't till two but they had a room ready so we dumped our bags about 11ish which was a big help.I found the location great as i'm a big fan of the tube and found it really handy to jump on and off and loads of shopping!The rooms are excellent! So stylish and comfy! Large double bead and cute little sofa. The shower was to die for and we watched the flat screen TV while we got ready to go out. I must admit - as we were coming back about midnight i did think the area looked a bit rough. There was a lot of people heading to clubs and the hotel bar was full of a lot of people drinking but don't let this put you off, we didn't hear any of he noise from out room and we were only on the 1st floor.In the morning - we had a breakfast (which was delicious) and started to pack. Check out was at noon and out train wasn't till three so we paid 拢10 to stay an extra two hours which is great if you don't wanna carry ya bags around!The hoxton is EXCELLENT value for money - our room was only 拢79!!!! Booking again for later this year - gonna stay a week!  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>julie4
<Content>Great hotel My husband and I stayed here for our honeymoon. We got lucky and got a one pound room, and paid twenty nine pounds for each additional night. The breakfast in the morning was nice (even if they never delivered it a couple times!)... it is farther away from the underground stop than the website leads you to believe, but it still was not very far. The area that the Hoxton is in is not a very nice area at all, so if you are big on location I would not recommend this hotel. But the rooms are very excellent, the beds are super comfortable, the bathrooms are amazing, and the restaurant is nice, but it does serve the cliche nasty british food :PWe had absolutely no problems with the noise. Our room overlooked the restaurant courtyard, so I might suggest asking for a room overlooking the courtyard. The reception was very helpful and had some reasonably priced snacks and drinks. There is a convenience store and a really great asian food restaurant across the street too. Overall, this is a great hotel and I would really recommend it for anyone, not just modern young adults.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>aller et retour
<Content>Hooray for the Hoxton       Hoxton Twin Room  
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>T&LEssex
<Content>The Best Value Hotel In London We stayed at the Hoxton for 拢29 (just missing out on the 拢1 rooms) the Hoxton has a great location 5 minutes from Liverpool Street station, it has a modern lobby , lively bar and excellent restaurant. Our room was spotlessly clean the bathroom had a massive shower,with full sized soap. The room had dark wood furniture , leather headboards and sofa, flat screen TV , free water and fresh milk, all very trendy.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>Penguin07
<Content>Great hotel- others could learn from the Hoxton! My boyfriend and I stayed at the Hoxton for two nights last month and LOVED it! The rooms were stylish and comfortable, and the shower was heaven. Even though it seems like a small thing, I really appreciated the free water and milk in the fridge. The hotel provided good tea and coffee, unlike a lot of other places who give you the cheap stuff. We encountered a little bit of noise coming from people outside the hotel (our window was open), but we were so worn out from sightseeing that it really didn't bother us.A room here cost us only 10 pounds more than a lot of the fleabag tourist hotels in London. Maybe the Hoxton will raise the bar? I will stay here again without hesitation.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	3	4	5	

<Author>MRDuddy
<Content>Fantastic Hotel and a Great Price... Budget doesn't have to be boring is The Hoxton's philosophy, with its clean contemporary designs and high quality finishes. It opened in September 2006 to rave reviews and has been booked out ever since. The hotel is owned and run by Sinclair Beecham, the founder of Pret A Manger.We booked this hotel up online after a recommendation from a friend and upon arriving could tell we'd not be disappointed.The entrance/reception/bar/restaurant area was very welcoming with huge overhead modern sculptural lighting (5-6 large paper eagles in various stages of flight) and two large open fireplaces surrounded by comfy/stylish seating.Staff were very friendly and helpful, and we had no problems checking in.The orange/red flourescent lit corridors were very impressive and quite oppulent.And upon entering our room we were Very Pleased with what we found. A VERY stylish, well designed hotel room. Complete with Plasma Screen, Coffee/Tea/Kettle, Hairdryer/Mirror, all cleverly designed into a purpose built unit. A corner chaise longue. And a very comfy bed adorned with thee big cushions (each labelled Rock, Scissor, Paper) The wall had a London Scene Mural almost plastered into it, again Very Stylish and Very Impressive.Each room has two small safes to store your valuables, a mini-fridge (with complementary bottled water and milk) and air conditioning. Only down side possibly being a lack of storage for clothes.Bathroom was well equipped too, with Large Shower cubicle and Big Shower Drench Head, and a large self-demisting mirror over the sink area.On top of all that there is the option of a Free (Pret A Manger) Breakfast delivered to your door each morning (at a time you specify) which includes Orange Juice, a Banana and a Yoghurt..Which is a great start to your day.After being out in Town all day we returned early evening to the hotel to find the reception turned into a kind of pre-club/lounge bar, with a DJ playing chilled tunes and a pretty cool crowd of people milling in the bar area. It all felt very cosey/welcoming with it's subdued lighting and two roaring fireplaces.We didn't eat in the hotel restaurant but the menu looked very appetising and it was always pretty busy in there.Another downside maybe is that you actually don't have to enter the Congestion Charge Area to get to the hotel, but to access the suggested car park you unfortunately have to cross into the Congestion Charge Zone (there is a supermarket over the road were you can pay this Charge though) We did find a car park around the back of the hotel (called Hello Parking, I think) I don't know whether using this car park would avoid the Congestion Charge, but it would be worth checking beforehand.All in all our experience of The Hoxton was VERY positive and we'll DEFINITELY be returning. VERY good value for money at around 拢79 per room/night, and they even have a few unbelieveble deals on which I found online (www.hotukdeals.co.uk) Apparently a few times a year they'll offer rooms at 拢1 a night..If you can get in there QUICK! So keep your eyes open!  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Fusspot007
<Content>Absolutely Fabulous dahling Have stayed here twice now on 'flying visits' to the metropolis.It's own description as an 'urban lodge' is spot on! Walking through the sliding glass door entrance which is flanked by two statues of greyhounds into a large, open foyer/bar/reception with all the acroutements of a modern take of a conventional lodge (such as the lights above, a papier eagle in flight and the wall mounted impressions of antlers - really great detailing!).This tremendous attention to detail is echoed throughout making it fantastic value (especially if you get the 拢1 room deal from the hotel when it runs them!). Friendly, helpful reception staff decked in a laid back staff uniform of t-shirts and baggy trousers. Free copies of 'The Guardian' and 'Evening Standard'. Free internet access in the foyer. Even the housekeeping staff looked chic! Several very attractive and well appointed meeting rooms. Ground floor loos marked 'im and 'er (nightmare if you're not familiar with London accent I imagine!). Gorgeous 'Coffee table' books on a long table in the foyer. Lots of urban materials used such as concrete and aluminium.The rooms are small but very sexy and a nice touch to have fresh milk in the fridge and free bottled water. Great shower with hand attachment and spacious enough for two! One of the breakfast options is a paper bag that you mark how many guests and time, and hang outside the door and in the morning, the Pret a Manger breakfast fairy returns your bag laden with a banana (or apple/orange), yoghurt and OJ. My other half couldn't wait to get at his!! Plasma screen occasionally tempermental but could also be used for radio.I however, preferred to take breakfast in the Hoxton Grille with 'watch as we cook chefs. I had Greek yoghurt with fresh berries and berry jus followed by creamy porridge sprinkled with sunflower seeds, raisins and drizzled honey, and copious quantities of great coffee whilst my other half went for the full Hoxton grill (I know what you're thinking! Yes - on top of the Pret goody bag too!). Great breakfast but service a tad dispairing.Had dinner in the Grille several times. Food was well above average though sometimes luke warm, service helpful but sometimes slow. Great cocktails and depending who's on the bar, they know how to serve a GT properly (sans snake fed tonic!).Eclectic area with really interesting eateries all round even though the walk from the dowdy Tube station (Old Street - one line, the Northern) gives the impression that you've walked into sleazeville central. Very easy to get to main transport junctures like Kings Cross, Euston, London Bridge. We did heaps of theatre and it's a doddle getting into the centre of town.Overall, and unusually for me, this will be a regular pitstop for me. Unbeatable value and so incredibly gorgeous! The one big downside (there has to be one I'm afraid) is that the entire hotel is built round a central courtyard - great idea. But totally useless when you're trying to get to sleep and the gorgeously interesting 'youfs' are merry-making in the courtyard below.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>LJLD
<Content>Great Hotel Myself and my husband just stayed at the Hoxton for 3 nights (Friday to Monday). We paid just over 拢70 a night for a double room and the rate included a 'Pret Lite Breakfast' which was delivered to the room each morning.The area between the tube station and the hotel is fairly run down and a bit dirty (although the area immediatly beyond the hotel is nicer and full of bars and restaurants).The hotel itself lived up to all of the claims made on it's website the pictures available on the hotel website did actually reflect the room which we stayed in.The whole hotel was spotlessly clean and the staff were all polite as well.We ate breakfast in the 'Grille' restaurant one morning and had dinner in the restaurant on another night of our stay and on both occasions the food and the service was good even though the restaurant was busy.The atmosphere in the public areas of the hotel was lively, with alot of non hotel residents using both the bar and the restaurant but none of the noise carried up to the bedrooms.Overall we were extremely happy with our choice of hotel and our experience of it and we will definately stay in the hotel again next time we are in London.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	4	4	5	

<Author>EdinburghScotsman
<Content>Great Business Hotel Stayed at Hoxton for 2 nights in Feb.Although its a little off the beaten track (old Street tube Station)its relatively close to the city and a number of good restaurants in Shoreditch.Rooms are compact but beds are comfortable, theres free fresh milk and water in the fridge - a first for London hotels that i have stayed in. and a high tech power shower in the smart compact bathroom.this does suit 1 person but the 2 of us managed ok - only downside - although 2 of us staying they only provided 1 bathtowel which was rectified when i asked the maid in the hall but next day it was back to 1 towel again. Had to ask for Iron and board which was taken back after 1st night and had to ask again next day.THe restaurant is reasonably priced and the food i am glad to say was very good - i would recommend it.A good stay and will stay again in future business trips.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dave.f999
<Content>all in all a good stay! We are just back in the door from a long weekend at the Hoxton. Overall we were very pleased and we got the accommodation at an excellent rate. A few points.....The hotel itself is very modern - yet homely, very trendy and friendly too. The staff are helpful and polite. The reception is cool and fashionable, though perhaps not to the taste of those looking for more traditional accommodation. But we loved it!The room was warm and comfy - good bed, lovely bathroom with a power shower. A few things that could have been better were if they had left shower gel for more than just the first day, it couldn't cost that much. Also, the tea/coffee/sugar etc were not replaced after the first day, yet the milk and water always was, which to me is strange. Perhaps this was just slightly careless housekeeping. Also, one of the bathroom towels went missing one of the days too, which was odd. However, they keep spares in the cupboard in the rooms so we sorted that out ourselves. The room was spotless though. The main problem for us was that the wifi would not work in the room the whole time we were there. Also, the film channels were not accessible for the first 2 nights, and when they did become available they were a little lacklustre. They finally sorted out the internet on the last night but only after continuous calls to reception. Mind you, the staff down there were lovely and did try to help as much as they could. As they said more than once you just seem to be unlucky with the room! This was said so nicely that we were not annoyed though other people may have pointed out that they could have moved us to another room...anyway, not to worry!We had dinner at the Hoxton Grille one of the nights, and it was very nice. The portions were small though and it was pretty expensive but the service couldn't have been nicer. If you are looking for something slightly cheaper, check out the Yard Italian restaurant towards the Old Street tube station - we ate there last night and the food was excellent and the service was very pleasant....and very quick too. Also, the slightly dodgy looking Passage to India restaurant near the Yard is good too, although it looks a bit past its prime. There were lots of locals in it and that's always a good sign - big portions and inoffensive if not exactly charming service!As for the area, well as everyone says it is up and coming. Although it has a long way to come before it gets up if you know what I mean! It has a certain grittiness to it although that gives the area a little edge for those who would like to feel they are actually spending time in the real London. It is very near to Kings Cross and transport is abundant. The 205  214 buses go from Old Street tube station to Kings Cross in the event that the tube isn't working (as it often isn't, particularly at weekends).The shop across the road is handy (though it doesn't sell booze after 8pm!!) and there is a Somerfield back through the roundabout and about 200 metres down on the right hand side of the other end of Old Street. Handy and cheap!So I would recommend the Hoxton - other than for the slightly eccentric housekeeping and the technology issues, it would have received 5 stars!!!! Enjoy your stay!  
<Date>Feb 6, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	5	5	2	

<Author>NorthWalesNudger
<Content>Very chic  My wife and I stayed at the Hoxton for 2 nights in December, we were fortunate enough to get the room for the introductory rate of 拢29 per room per night (through Travelzoo). The Hotel was lovely, not the countrified type we are used to, but all the same it was very, very nice. I'd read good reports prior to our visit and they were spot on.The Room.All the usual facilities, tea  coffee, flat screen TV that, very neatly, pulled out of the unit on a bracket. Lovely bed, cotton sheets, ample pillows, air con. The Bathroom. So stylish, a big walk-in double shower, huge showerhead, ample pressure.We had a room overlooking the courtyard which was a bit noisy on the Friday night but quiet on the Saturday. Wine from reception was 拢3.75 for a nice half bottle of chardonnay, breakfast was muesli yoghurt, banana and juice, check-in was fast and efficient. All-in-all a very nice experience.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>KatBrussels
<Content>Stylish and trendy good value hotel Having heard quite a lot about this hotel before staying there I had quite high expectations, which were largely met during a three night stay. It may not be the hotel for older people or families, particularly not in the weekend when the downstairs bar is bursting with people, most of whom do not stay at the hotel itself, but we (a couple in our thirties) really liked it. We had a room towards Willow street just as we asked for and I have rarely had such a good night's sleep in any other hotel as I had in the Hoxton since we were not in any way disturbed by the bar noise. The room is not very big, but the bed is comfy with great fluffy pillows and duvet and the bathroom is sleek and clean. We liked the idea of having the simple breakfast in bed and besides, if you want a real fry-up you can have that for about nine pounds in the restaurant. We did not have much contact with the staff, but when we did they were polite and helpful. I will definitely be returning to the Hoxton! The only downside is their no-cancellation policy, which you need to be aware of before booking...  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	2	5	4	3	4	

<Author>captainpaula
<Content>Great hotel, would stay again I stayed in The Hoxton with my boyfriend for 3 nights in Jan 2007 and was very pleased. It cost 鈧?10 for a double room for the three nights which was very very reasonable for the quality. The room was fantastic, the decor and layout were very nice. The television and wifi facilities were great, with free internet access even without a laptop. There was complimentary fresh milk and water every day which was a very nice touch to go along with tea and coffee making facilities. The bed and bed linen were extremely good quality and comfortable. The room was cleaned to perfection everyday.The bathroom was beautiful and there was a complimentary bar of Pears soap which was another nice touch.The staff were very friendly and helpful.There are very few negative things. Our room (on the third floor) faced onto Willow street with a warehouse of some sort on it. This could get quite loud with vans loading, sometimes at night. Also, there were rubbish bins back there which made it noisy sometimes also. The hotel and area in general seemed very trendy, but we did not feel that uncomfortable. The area was unusual and not particularly nice but there was a handy shop just across the street which stayed open until 11pm.All in all we had a very pleasent stay in the Hoxton.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>trentendred
<Content>ups and downs in hoxton Well where to start with the hoxton. Coming out of the tube station and walking past the dingy takeaways and cab offices did make me wonder why I had booked into this particular hotel. However once you find the hotel and walk into the reception/lobby things start to change. Very attentive service, and the rooms certainly live up to the billing of quality at an affordable price, especially their weekend rate. Be warned though I asked for a quiet room away from the main road, which I got, but then found that the noise from the bar carried up the central space until the wee hours. Good for party animals but not when having to catch the first train out of London the following morning. Overall a great hotel for the price, a concept that works, however be aware when booking that you must be prepared to compromise on some things such as sleep, if your into that sort of thing.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>johnhp
<Content>Very pleasant experience! Arrived at the Hoxton from the Old Street Tube exit - had a bit of trouble finding the hotel as I was very unfamiliar with this part of town. However when I walked into the lobby, I was very impressed! Very modern, new and a good vibe around.Check-in staff were very polite, and even though there was an issue with my reservation, this was dealt with very satisfactorily and I was on my way to the room.The room was small, but very well-appointed with plasma TV, and all mod cons. Bed was large and comfy, and bathroom, while small was very well-equipped and shower was v. nice too ...Free WiFi all over the hotel, and some PCs in the lobby make this a business-friendly hotel too.Didn't eat or drink at the hotel, but I will be back, and can report on the bar / grill then !So a responding approval from me !!  
<Date>Jan 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MD-NLG
<Content>Good for the city Stayed here on business, good location for the city. Upmarket budget kind of feel, clean, good bed, free wi fi, good shower(bad door design!!) Pret lite breakfast. Bar and restaurant I think are contracted out to another operator. resataurant was dead and as a consequence lacked any atmosphere. bar was Ok with excellent GT's. Seating area is to the front and straddles the main entrance. Little atmosphere largely due to the seating layout, and lots of blasts of cold air everytime someone comes in! Check in staff friendly enough, although perhaps trying a bit too hard to be urban and totally cool. Value for money? yes. It is easy to be critical and the location and price really do reflect something a bit different when you sometimes can't get a decent room for under 拢225 when London is busy. They run sandwich bars a bit better, but through time they may get it to flow a bit better.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	3	3	4	

<Author>heartnyc
<Content>Cool but friendly Super stylish but not intimidating. Stayed for 2 nights last December and would definitely go again. We paid the rack rates of 拢119 per night which I still think is great value for London. Check in service was friendly and polite. The room was small but comfortable with a very nice bathroom and great shower. The mini bar was stocked with complimentary fresh milk and 2 small bottles of water - very nice touch. For breakfast you get a bag from Pret hanging outside your door filled with Orange juice, yoghurt with granola and fruit. (This was possibly a little too healthy for me so I ate that and then went to a greasy spoon down the road). Beds are large and comfy. Reception also sells wine, champagne and snacks at reasonable prices which is rare for city hotel. The rack rate is comparable to a Jury鈥檚 Inn yet the standard of hotel and service you receive is worlds apart.The restaurant is great (I think it is run by the same people that own the Room chain of restaurants if you are familiar with them) and whilst there is not really a bar area as such, you sit in the lobby really, I loved it. Great cocktails and good atmosphere. I can see how older customers would get annoyed as the bar/restaurant aren't for the exclusive use of patrons and the Friday/Saturday night we were there it was packed out with fashionable twentysomethings. Hoxton itself is full of enough bars and restaurants to keep you more than happy for the weekend and the hotel is a couple of minutes walk from Old Street tube so it鈥檚 easy to get to the central tourist attractions.I can see how some reviewers could dismiss this as a case of style of substance but I found nothing to be negative about. Book and enjoy!  
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>emmalm
<Content>Great Hotel, still a little teething trouble This is a fantastic new hotel on the edge of Hoxton and Spitalsfield. The lobby is fantastic with lots of comfy chairs and sofas and roaring log fires, it sems to be the place where the cool kids hang out, so there's a good atmosphere in the bar area most nights. The restaurant was good and not too over-priced with basics including steak sandwich, burgers etc all very well presented.The rooms are small, but really well thought out, free milk and bottled water are just a few of the nice touches. There was a free breakfast thrown in but on two of the days we didn't get it because there wasn't a bag for us to order it with and even though we did book one at reception it didn't turn up. They also charged me for the hotel rooms twice, but when I spoke to the staff on the desk they couldn't do anything about it and suggested I bring in proof of receipt that I had already paid. I did call them when I got home and they sorted it out within a couple of days - you can't say fairer than that. This hotel was a bargain 29 pounds per night, as we booked very early, its in a great location - particularly if you love the Spitalsfield area and the staff were really helpful - perhaps they had underestimated the success of the place and could do with a few more as they all seemed to be rushed off their feet.However, despite the few hiccups I would recommend this hotel to anyone, can't wait to go back.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>CarolineAmcDonald
<Content>good value Booked this hotel after reading a review in the national press. We were in London for the night to see a show. The hotel was perhaps a little further away than we intended, but it was a short walk to Liverpool Street Station for the Stansted express. The room was small, but it had everything we needed for an over nights stay. Great shower . The packed breakfast which was included in the price was good. For 拢59.00 I think it was perfect for a short stay,  
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>Giobatta
<Content>Great bargain in trendy Hoxton! We spent three days at the Hoxton Hotel this X-mas.We got a rate of 59 pound per day, so we couldn't find any better in London.The hotel is very near to Old Street tube station, and right in the middle of the Hoxton/Shoreditch area, i.e. very close to many trendy bars, pubs, clubs and restaurants (Herbal, Cargo, Eyre Brothers, Great Eastern Dining room... and all the vietnamese restaurants in Kingsland Road).The lobby is very stilish with a nice combination of (fake) fireplaces and high-tech structures.Check-in was straightforward, and the room is quite big, with LCD TV and free wireless internet access.No english breakfast was included, but U could have (delivered to your room) orange juice, a fruit and some jogurt every day.The bed was very confy and the shower excellent!.Overall, a great experience at a very very low price (for London standards)  
<Date>Jan 1, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	3	3	5	

<Author>garyglobetrotter
<Content>not for me Well what can i say, having just spent weekend here II can tell you it was not a pleasant experience.Check in great no problems, rooms trendy and ok, thought great realy got bargain here as only paid 拢29 a night but from there it went down hill.Room was on Willow street as recomended on other pages however it didnt stop the noise from the glass collection lorry at 3 am!! the noise from large bins being tipped into the back of a bin wagon was deafening. The bar only serves larger (many different sorts granted) no real ale or guiness!!! The food while good is varstly overpriced, we had a much better meal in theater land for a lot less.Th e hotel seems to be used by londons trendies fri and sat so getting table in resturant or even a drink is difficult, I personally think the hotel should decide if it wants to be hotel or a night club  
<Date>Dec 11, 2006
<Rating>2	5	1	4	3	5	4	3	

<Author>Pinkbeachball
<Content>good for the money but not sure I would stay again. Stayed here again for the second time recently - due to the opening offer I got a room for a rate I couldnt refuse. I like the hotel, the rooms are very small but well decorated. I do not think I would however stay here is the rate was more than 拢70 as I know I can get great deals on lastminute.com with a better location. I am not sure about the ares, it is just a bit harder to get back to in the evening. I booked on -line directly with them, It seems they charged my credit card 3 times for the same stay. So if booking on line check the cc bill. This was sorted out with a call but still, not great.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	2	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>sherbert
<Content>Good Food, Good Room Let down by Housekeeping I booked 2 rooms for the Hoxton as part of their introductory deal and had 2 rooms for less than the price of one Travelodge. Food in the hotel was very good with an impressive Steak Sandwich (Steak melted in the mouth) Burgers and Omlette. GT's were well mixed. The downside was that whilst the check in is 14:00 (we were given one room early at 12:00) the other room was not ready even after finishing lunch at 15:00. The staff whilst helpful were at Housekeepings mercy of trying to get the room ready for 15:30 (not good when you have a late matinee performance to make). I will say that after contacting the hotel directly I am happy with the resolution to this complaint and so cannot fault them.Room - great to have fresh milk for tea, the beds were comfy and quirky decor. Shower was great and another nice touch was a real bar of pears soap (rather than those matchbox sized ones that disappear very quickly).Overall a good hotel, yes it is slightly out on London but don't use the tube where you see noting but a darkened tunnel - hop on the bus and see the sights of London it only takes 10 mins. Food is good and the serving staff were excellent and extremely efficient.A good stay and whilst this wouldn't be the top hotel in terms of location, it offers good quality standards and once housekeeping keep on top of the room turnaround times it will be a great hotel. Hoxton is not Chelsea, however this is real london with some interesting night spots around. Give it a go as we all too often only stay in the tourist trap area's and don;t discover real life.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	3	4	2	5	-1	

<Author>NB
<Content>Try and get a bargain ! The Hoxton Hotel is cool, no doubt about that. Location might seem strange to people who don't know London very well, but it's in the heart of what was the home of cool a few years ago and the numerous bars and restaurants in the area are less intimidating these days.The bar downstairs is good, although does get busy/noisy. Food in the restaurant is excellent, if a little pricey.The rooms are great, big comfy bed, flat screen TV, smart bathroom and some nice small touches.We were lucky - we got a 拢29 room on a Saturday night, which was high up and facing the back. Try and do the same - firstly to avoid the noise and secondly for the brilliant views over the City of London - NatWest tower, Gherkin etc.Only possible downside is lack of parking - we had to park in Finsbury Sq NCP, about 10mins walk away. As most people get public transport to and around London, it's not a major issue.Definitely recommend staying here and will do again myself.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	3	4	5	

<Author>cocacolacub
<Content>Look no further for a great base in London We stayed at the Hoxton a little over a month after opening...we were impressed! For 2 nights in the hotel for less than the cost of a Travelodge the other reviewers must be missing something to feel disappointed..Our positives:Staying in an up-and-coming area with great bars/restaurants and buzzFantastic (if smallish) room with great bathroomFriendly staff (esp at the bar)...front desk also vhelpful with maps/directions, etc.Negatives:None really...Just dont be put off by the other reviews....oh! and make sure you request a high floor away from the lifts...works a treat for a good nights sleep!  
<Date>Dec 1, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Big-Flip
<Content>Good value and not TOO trendy Just stayed at the Hoxton to be near a reception. Not the nicest area of London - but very much and up and coming bit of the capital. Good restaurants and bars near the place and very near the tube (unfortunately nearest the Northern Line which is rarely fun!) Easily walkable to Moorgate and the city.Rooms are decently laid out and the beds are comfortable. Nice flat screen TV and good on screen help. Nice touches - free half pint of milk for tea loving Brits and real Pear's soap. Shower (large head dropping water directly on your head) excellent - and nice layout (I am 6 foot 2). Breakfast a bit spartan but was good quality. Staff were very friendly and helpful - and no too hopelessly trendy. I booked the day of travel - but still paid only 拢129 (about 240 dollars). Will happily stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ether
<Content>The Good and the Bad First off, the location is a bit out of the way. Took about 1 1/2 hours to get here from LHR using the express train. Also, the previous reviewer was WRONG about the old tube exit, it is EXIT 3 not exit 6 (taking his wrong advice I got lost for a good 1/2 hour).The rooms here are very small and most are equivalent. However, I would ask for 6th floor if possible to isolate yourself from the noisy bar (think W hotel bar, packed, etc.). Another thing, the '01' rooms (as in 601) are for handicapped people and they have slightly larger bathrooms/showers. Also, do yourself a favor and take a Willow Street room, these have lovely views. The other rooms face an interior courtyard and people can see into your room from the common areas around the elevator! Also, avoid the Great Eastern street rooms, way too noisy!Things I love: free wifi, free mini breakfast delivered to your room, cool lobby, 5 pound all you can watch movies.Things that could be better: staff knowledge of the area (pretty clueless about common London questions and couldn't even help me find an umbrella when it was pouring rain. Housekeeping comes in late, which is a problem if you want to take an afternoon break in your room before heading out again.Things that I hate: the elevators are very slow and too small to serve the 200+ rooms in this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	2	5	3	2	3	

<Author>Adelai
<Content>Perfect hotel and location We booked this hotel before it opened for business and therefore were lucky enough to get one of the 拢29 room offers.Now that we have stayed this weekend, we would have been happy to pay more and will most certainly return. This hotel is brand new and amazingly clean and stylish. Although it is obviously aimed at the 20 - 40 generation - black tiled bathrooms, dark moody coloured walls, steel lined rather cell like corridors - the crisp white Egyption cotton bedding and deep piled white towels gave a real feeling of luxury (and we are in our 50s!!). The tea tray contained real coffee sachets and the fridge had complimentary water and fresh milk - a lovely touch. The bathroom was large and the power shower amazing. The reception staff were extrememly friendly and welcoming. The noise from the lively bar and grille downstairs did not infiltrate at all to our room on the 3rd floor and facing the back of the hotel. The sound proofing must have been very good, as we heard no noise from other rooms or the corridor all night. The King size double bed was SO comfortable too. This hotel really is offering superb quality accommodation at a truely budget price. Even the Pret a Manger breakfast hanging on our door the next morning was fresh, chilled, healthy and tasty. We ate the evening before at a lovely Vietnamese cafe just round the corner in Old Street and not far away is the trendy Hoxton Square with White Cube Gallery and some lovely bars. The hotel itself is only a 5 minute walk from Old Stree tube, which itself is only 2 stops from Kings Cross Station, so a brilliant location. We visited the lovely intimate Almeida Theatre in Upper Street (Angel tube - one stop) on the Saturday night. All in all a wonderful weekend and a highly recommended hotel. We will definately return.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>madflack
<Content>late night noise, cramped rooms overshadow "cool" factor As a U.S. business traveler, this place provided a miserable opportunity to catch a good night's sleep. At 4am-ish during each of the first two nights, freight trucks were in the back alley at neighboring business, picking up and dumping stuff off at incredibly loud volumes. Unless you enjoy the idling of diesel engines and hearing a bunch of heavy freight clanking around during the middle of the night, you will have a frustrating time trying to sleep here.We had some business meetings in the hotel during the day, and the meeting rooms and the food they served was quite good. And the lobby is fun and friendly enough. To be fair, the staff seem nice enough, and they seem to run the place well.But two miserable nights' sleep in a row made this yank decide to never come back again. And (maybe I'm just bitter about the noise, but ...) the hallways and the rooms themselves are cheesy 80s decor. On first impression, the room has this sort of minimalist layout that's compact and efficient. But after spending more than an hour in the room, it just feels like a glorified amtrack sleeper car.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	3	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>cb054
<Content>Loved it - would definatly stay again. We really liked this hotel. Good room, great restaurants nearby and good cocktails in the bar, not far from Old Street station.We have had roadside rooms in other london hotels which have been very noisy. Because of the good double glazing this is not a problem at the Hoxton.The place is clean stylish and if you get a room deal great value for money.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Fatwolf
<Content>Fab hotel, Location up and coming Booked the hotel online when they did a special offer. Really pleased we did. It's out of the centre but not far enough to be a problem. Bar was comfy and quite trendy (even if we aren't). All the staff friendly and helpful. Rooms very nice, spotless, and nicely furnished with touches like goosedown quilts and pillows. The area it's in looks a bit like it's on the way up, or maybe that's just how some places look. A few minutes walk to the tube to get into central London. Overall, we loved and will go back if we can get another good deal (and maybe even at standard prices if we feel we deserve it).  
<Date>Nov 13, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Feltmates
<Content>From Canada and we loved the Hoxton My husband and I stayed two nights at the Hoxton, one before going to Paris and one on our return. The room was spotlessly clean, the most comfy bed, and the shower to die for. The room was larger than we had been expecting for London, it had a lovely bed, side tables, a desk and chair, lounge chair, coffee, tea, and hot chocolate makings with a lovely kettle. There were two bottles of water and a container of milk in the small fridge every day. There was a flat screen TV as well as a small safe. We were able to get in on a promotion so got more than our money's worth for 29GBP. The staff were more than helpful, we arrived at 9:30am and were met with you've just come in off an overnight flight, of course we will check you in. When they saw my wheelchair they offered us a larger room, but ours was adequate so we stayed put. They helped with taxis, maps and directions each time we asked. Breakfast was a pot of yogurt, banana and orange juice., left on a little post outside the door. The restaurant in the hotel was of excellent value and each meal very tasty. When we went on to our next hotel my hubby realized he left his suit in their closet, when we called, they were quite willing to mail it back to us in Canada, but we were close enough that we went back and got it. All in all, I would certainly recommend this hotel. It is a few steps from the Old St. tube and bus stops, maybe not central London, but we enjoyed the bus as we got to see and speak to locals going back and forth to work and shopping, all part of my London experience.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nice-traveller
<Content>Nice stay in new hotel Spent two nights at the Hoxton . The room was nice but on the smaller side. Everything is new and stylish. The lady at the front desk was great and helpful.I recommend this hotel and would gladly return.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WhoGrant
<Content>Great new hotel I spent two nights at the Hoxton after flying in from San Francisco, the start of a 10 day trip to visit family. I like to relax a bit in London and get over jet lag before continuing my stay in the UK and previously I'd been slumming it at myHotel just of Tottenham Court Road but they have been going down somewhat and their prices going up so I thought I'd try something new.Overall I really enjoyed staying at the hotel and thought it was good value for money and has a lot of style. I'd only ding it on location - not really for the drab street it is on, but that it took a couple of tube rides to get to the central London area I spend most of my time in. It took me a little effort to figure out how to find the hotel from Old Street Station because there are so many exits from that station and it was raining and I didn't have my bearings when I came out to street level. After the first time the three minute walk each way was a piece of cake.myHotel has it easily beat on location since I could just walk out my door and in 5 minutes be at Leceister Square or Piccadilly Circus. But really its a compromise - as I mentioned The Hoxton is both cheaper and nicer than myHotel IMHO with provides a lot of space to hang out, drink and eat. Spending 15/20 minutes navigating the tube to get to stops on the Central line was no big deal.For the details...My room was small - but efficiently laid out providing a desk, TV, cheap movies (didn't use), cheap phone calls, free internet and wifi, free water, free coffee and milk and free snack breakfast (bagel, yoghurt etc) delivered to your door at the time of your choosing. I actually passed that up and ate a full breakfast at the restaurant downstairs both days, about 10 pounds with coffee, but pretty tasty and convenient. The only thing lacking in my room was space for storing bags since the closet was basically just big enough for hanging some clothes with a small fridge underneath. Fortunately I didn't have a lot of bags, although I would expect you could get the hotel to put extra stuff some place if you needed it - or maybe there are bigger rooms available (I had a bottom of the range double).The bed was very comfortable and I enjoyed the down comforter, pillows and fine cotton sheets - I really slept well. The bath room was immaculate (well everything was - the place is BRAND NEW) and they provided nice soap and plush towels. The bathroom has a walk-in shower with overhead or hand held shower head - good hot water, good pressure - no complaints. I had no problems at all with noise - my room was on the back (south) side of the building and was very quiet. The only problem was that there were other buildings facing my window and there was no way to block the view into my room without closing the drapes completely. So, no wandering naked around the room unless you're an exhibitionist. Hoxton Hotel - if you're reading this perhaps you could install some translucent blinds to provide some privacy without blocking all the light?I didn't eat at the restaurant other than breakfast but enjoy a few drinks at the bar each night and had no problems charging stuff to my room (someone else said this was not possible). The staff were all courteous and helpful but they are European so maybe some people will find them lacking in the serious sucking up department you might find at a high end American hotel. But no one is looking out for a big tip either - and there is no additional service charge like myHotel adds.One thing I really didn't like about The Hoxton was that it has a very strict booking policy, for almost all situations once you've made your reservation online you are going to be charged and not be able to get a refund. Your stay is non-refundable and non-changeable (except to extend). So read the Terms and Conditions carefully before booking!So, not perfect - if it was in the location that myHotel was then I would say it was - needless to say I will be going back to stay at the Hoxton again on my next trip. I just hope they can continue to offer rooms at less than 100 pounds a night.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	2	5	4	4	5	

<Author>JD60
<Content>Fantastic New Hotel Experience. This newly-opened hotel leaves no stone unturned for the visitor to London. From check-in to check-out, you will enjoy what the Hoxton has to offer. Modernity, atmosphere, good food and great rooms and bathrooms all gel to make the stay a happy one. Nice touches include a complimentary breakfast bag to kick start the day, a free Guardian to browse through over breakfast, and a DJ to entertain in the reception/bar area at night. Rooms have ample supplies of tea and coffee and the furnishings and linens are of superior quality. The Restaurant menu is varied and service is efficient. (A Costcutter shop just across the street is handy for other food requirements.) The hotel's location just a few hundred metres from old Street Underground ensures easy access to the city centre. At 拢59 per double/twin room per night on the dates we stayed, the Hoxton is excellent value. Great Eastern St. can be very busy and noisy so a room facing Willow St. or the hotel's courtyard might not be a bad idea for the light sleeper. Street noise is a problem at many major city hotels and here is no exception. However, this problem can not be attributed to the hotel so try out the Hoxton. You will not be disappointed.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>agjeaton
<Content>Loved the Area Being a London Boy working abroad I was pleasantly surprised when I heard that a new hotel had sprung up just around the corner from where I was born. With a pending business trip on then cards I suggested to my Boss that we choose this Property, I did not explain to him that it was not near the Savoy or Dorchester but in an area that was quite run down when I was a young lad growing up. Anyway I showed him the web site and to his amazement the price, being in charge of the finances he whipped out his credit card and booked it. For six nights we had an average rate of 100 quid, which is not bad at all in London for what you can get, we arrived at Heathrow and swiftly jumped into a black Taxi and asked for The Hoxton hotel in Great Eastern Street, Shorditch, he of course never heard of a hotel there but I insisted it existed was and we made our way there.As we arrived we discovered it was cleverly hidden with in a old converted building, first impressions were great! A well designed lobby, cool bar and coming from the Middle East where there is a distinct lack of Alcohol our mouths started to water. We arrived at 1.30pm and our rooms were not ready so we dived into the bar for a pint, great selection of beer, wines and spirits, the bar man Rob was more and helpful and kept us entertained for most of our stay, as many a night was spent at the bar talking business of course!When our rooms were ready reception came and fetched us form the bar, on arrival to my room I found it was not cleaned and still had the remains of what looked like a fairly good party the night before, on return to reception they were clearly apologetic and issued me with an alternative room, in fact it was on the top floor next to the laundry cupboard, placing my key in the slot several times with no luck it was time to return to the reception (if they issued loyalty cards for visits I would have been a gold member), again they apologized and I returned for my third attempt and finally entered. The room was small but clean and pleasant, a flat screen T.V was located on the wall, nice bed with great linen and a cool monsoon shower, and the great thing about being stuck on the 6 floor next to the linen cupboard was I heard no noise for my entire stay! But be aware my Boss was woken each night by the emptying of the beer bottles in the skip (many of which I am sure were drunk by us)The do not disturb signs don鈥檛 technically work, while in the shower a maid clearly did not see the sign and tried to enter the room, luckily for her my ears were alert and I managed to save my modesty by shouting a small gesture, and luckily she understood as most of the very pleasant housekeeping staff are Eastern European.Food was good, Great Breakfast, had the full Hoxton Fry up each morning (pork being a no go in our next of the woods) went down particularly well, also check the restaurants and pubs around the area (things have changed since I was last here) they are funky  cool and many a celebrity can been seen on a Saturday night especially as we witnessed a couple of Oscar winning East enders stars on the prowl.To sum it up The Hoxton was a great choice a few teething problems, but then again the property had barely been open 4 weeks when we arrived, I will be back to stay on our next trip and I am sure the smiling faces, great bar staff and clean rooms will remain as so will the low prices.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	2	5	2	4	5	

<Author>Hopping-along
<Content>What a find! What a gem! This recently opened hotel is cool and trendy but instead of charging outrageous rates, it was amazing how little they did charge! Because I booked before the hotel opened, I paid only $56 a night! Tax included! I'm sure the rates will increase but I still couldn't believe it!The rooms were a decent size (but any smaller and it would have felt cramped.) The bed was very comfy with nice linen and I loved the bathrooms, esp. the shower which had 2 options - rain shower or hand held. Everything in the room was cunningly stowed in a compact and tidly organized fashion.The hotel understands that not everyone wants a huge breakfast in the morning so I loved their idea of providing just a little something (banana, yogurt, OJ) and hanging it outside the room door. No need to get dressed - instead my husband and I happily stayed under the duvet and ate our breakfast while watching TV.The only down side is the location - it's in up and coming Shoreditch/Hoxton but the nearest tube station Old Street is on the Bank branch of the Northern line so a bit inconvenient if you want to get onto the Central, Circle or Piccadilly lines to access all the tourist sights.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	3	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Kathryn33
<Content>Contemporary and very comfortable We stayed at the Hoxton for two nights in Mid October. The hotel was 拢59 per night and represented excellent value for money. The room was great, furnished in a contemporary style with comfortable beds and expensive bed linen and towels. I would recommend asking for a room which looks out over Willow street as this was very quiet - some of the rooms overlooked the courtyard bar area and Great Eastern Street and both could be busy and noisy.As said in previous reviews, the shower is of a very high standard but watch for the leaks under the door! The TV reception also fluctuates. However, these gripes are very minor and I would not hesitate in staying here again.The breakfast along with the free water and milk are a nice touch, as are real glasses in the room (not plastic ones) and a decent kettle that doesn't take a week to boil!  
<Date>Oct 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Riflerangeblues
<Content>Cool hotel - but teething troubles Great decor, fab bed linen, great bathrooms. Good location if you are happy enought not to be in the centre of a tourist district and want good bars and restuarants in easy reach. About a 25 minute walk to Oxford Street - so not too bad, or use Old Street tube, (but don't rely on a straightforward journey, particularly at weekend when the lines are undergoing work). Liked the extras and the well thought out approach to a modern, clean hotel. But there are, what I hope are teething troubles. Primarily, take care if you book a twin room. There are only 20 out of the 205 rooms and the website currently has no way of avoiding overbookings for them. Despite an email, written and verbal confirmation that we had reserved two twin rooms, our group of 4 ended up in one double and one double with a camp bed. Not ideal and certainly not what we were expecting. To make it worse, check in staff did not mention this and left it for us to get to the rooms and then ring down to complain - very poor front line service. We were told by the duty manager that they had been asked to explain this, but obviously avoided the issue. However, the duty manager was very good and though we didn't get what we'd booked, he did do as much as he could to compensate us and was open and honest about their mistake. Second problem - grumpy , rude bar staff - not acceptable. In Hoxton it may be cool not to smile, but any hotel service stands or falls by the manner of the front. line staff. I wasn't impressed - more customer service training required. Third problem - apparent lack of interface between bar accounts and hotel check in. I dontl expect to have my credit card scanned by every hotel service. Sort out the IT - if I want to charge to my room, it's usually so I don't have to go through the process of scanning credit cards all the time, (especially when the member of staff is rude about it - see above!) Fourth problem - rooms already look worn - there were four burnt cup rings on the wood work in my room. Also double glazing is inadequate - very noisy. Another reviewer mentions the noise generated by the loose grid on the road outside - it drove us nuts! The road is really busy 24hours, so the noise was continuous. I appreciate it's not the hotel's responsibility, but they need to exert pressure to get this sorted quickly.Agree with the earlier review - we asked reception to call a cab for us and also got a dodgy mini cab, smoky, dirty interior, went all round the houses and cost 拢3 more than the black cab from Kings Cross had originally. I'll ask reception to call a black cab next time. Really wanted to love this hotel - but not sure. Ticks loads of boxes, but needs to do more to really impress me.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2006
<Rating>2	5	4	2	4	2	2	4	

<Author>AC77
<Content>Great rooms, location and free breakfast! We found out about this hotel from an email received by my husband offering an introductory room rate of 拢29. We couldn't resist this and booked it not knowing what to expect.I agree with the other reviews that it s not the nicest location, but is easily accessible from Paddington and Victoria stations.The reception staff were very friendly and we were able to check in 2 hours early. In our room we had fresh milk and bottled water in the fridge. The room was modern and spotlessly clean. There wasn't a great view from the window and the rooms opposite didn't appear to have blackened/mirrored outsides to stop people looking in, but it was not an issue.My only criticism was that the bathroom door did not shut properly or have a lock on it, which wasn't a problem for us but may be to others. The bathroom door was also mirrored on both sides which made it very confusing and quite dangerous at night!!! The towels were huge and fluffy and there were white company complementary toiletries too. The bed and quilt was especially comfy. There was no noise at all from our room on the 5th floor at the back.If you hang your allocated brown paper bag outside before 5am you get a free breakfast: a banana, fresh OJ and a yoghurt. They leave it outside your door at your chosen time and it was yummy!There are plenty of great restaurants and bars within easy walking distance of the hotel.All in all it was excellent value for money, and even full price I think it would be a great place to stay again.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>grambo_mac
<Content>Refreshing Hotel with nice extra touches Stayed for 1 night with a 拢1 special offer (yes 拢1). Simple touches like complimentary milk and water in your room added to a very pleasant stay. The location of the Hotel is good, nearest tube Old Street, with loads of bars and entertainment on your doorstep, not that there was any noice when sleeping. Also handy for a Brick Lane curry! Hotel rooms are modern with plasma tv, average size (more than big enough for 2 of us) and a large shower. Even the free lite pret breakfast of banana, oj, and yoghurt was enough to set me on my way.Will definitely stay again! Thoroughly recommended.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>ElNorEast
<Content>Great hotel, but they need to ask Islington Council to fix loose road access!! Arrived via Tube at Old Street Station - take exit 6 and walk straight on for 3-5 minutes, and the hotel is on the right. The area itself is not really very nice - this is not the sort of place you want to bring your mom and grandmother for a touristy break. This is for young people who want to party, City-visitors, or people like me who just hate touristy areas and prefer to stay in someplace a bit more out-of-the-way but still close enough to the action to get there easily.Check in was fine, very friendly clerk who sold us a can of Coke for 50p before sending us up to connecting rooms. Both rooms were very clean with extremely comfy beds, bathrooms were excellent and the fridge with the free bottles of water and milk were fab. TV was very nice flat-screen, but could do with adding a few more channels on offer (just BBC1, BBC2, ITV, channel 5, Sky News, Bloomberg, and Discovery). The breakfast that comes with the room was very nice (OJ, banana and yoghurt). I cannot fault the rooms in any way.The hotel bar was full of pretty people, which was fine as I'm not ugly. However, the bar staff were dismal and slow - they seemed quite inexperienced and I waited 5 minutes to order when they weren't even very busy. I think their long list of specialty cocktails makes their jobs slower, and the chap in front of me seemed to be reading the recipe out of a book. Not very impressive.There are only two things about this place that bugged me. First - there is a loose road access in the second lane of the street at the front of the hotel which makes a horrible noise when lorries drive over it. Islington Council really needs to be contacted about it and it needs to be fixed - after our first restless night we went to Tesco and bought earplugs, and were able to sleep after that. However, when you're not used to sleeping by a busy road that noise can really make your night unbearable.Secondly, we requested a cab to take us from the hotel to Victoria on a Sunday morning. One of the clerks at the desk booked us a car, which turned out to be a rather nasty minicab. We had a lot of luggage (10 days shopping in London and Paris will result in such things) and the guy hadn't even cleaned out the boot - we had real trouble getting the luggage in the back and kept some of it on our laps. He then tried to convice us to let him take us all the way to Gatwick, but there was no way we were going to put up with THAT. So, if you find a driver you really like during your stay and you need to book a car (as you need to do on Sunday mornings), get a card yourself or take a number down off the side of a cab. That was really disappointing.All in all, though, very nice and I have booked another stay for December already.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	2	5	3	4	4	

<Author>Davidob
<Content>Fantastic Hotel in the heart of trendy Hoxton My partner and I booked the Hoxton on the opening offer of 拢29 and we were very pleased with our stay. The check in was quick and effcient and we were allocated a room on the third floor to the rear of the hotel. Having read some previous reviews we were concerned that the room would be nosiy but this was not the case at all. The room was quite small but was very comfortable with a well lit and designed shower room. We had lunch in the restaurant which was fantastic and the best club sandwich I have had anywhere. Staff were particularyl nice here but could have benn little more attentive.All in all great value even at the normal rate and I would not hesitate in returning.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cookiechick3
<Content>Great value in an interesting area Stayed for 3 nights at the Hoxton on one of their opening deals (拢55 per night). The room was small but fine for us and the beds were really comfortable. Stylish additions like the chaise longue and the flat screen TV were nice and the showerroom with heated mirror was great. We ordered room service which was quick and really excellent and I loved the free breakfast - very quick and easy. The staff were friendly and helpful and the bar area was lovely - with some really unusual cocktails. My mojito was great but didn't have the courage to try the one topped with parmesan! Saw a British actress in the lift and filming in the bar (for those who like these things).Although the area doesn't look great, it's really funky with loads of really interesting bars, restaurants and clubs and, if you're staying at the weekend, you've got Brick Lane, Spitalfields, Columbia Road and loads of interesting market shopping.I loved the free Wifi and the business room and really appreciated the fact that this hotel is trying to be 'green' with reusable bags for breakfast etc.We thought it was great value for money in a really interesting area with very laidback, yet efficient staff. Will definitely stay again.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>janeblonde
<Content>What more do you need? Stayed for one night, and found the room to be far superior to ones you would normally spend 拢75 on. Yes, the view was awful,(not sure if people were expecting the city skyline), and rooms were smallish, but we don't take cats to swing anyway. It was clean, comfortable, stylish and in the centre of things. The shower was brilliant and the breakfast was the healthiest I've eaten in a long time! We were in one of the 'noisy' rooms at the back of the hotel, and slept like logs. Would book it again like a shot.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>arttest
<Content>Reason number 1 to visit London!!! I am always a bit cautious about staying in newly opened hotels, but I didn't need to worry about anything. Despite having been open for only 6 days, everything was perfect. While most designer hotels have snotty staff, everyone at the Hoxton was very friendly and professional.Everything is planned extremely well, as if it had been designed with me in mind. Everytime I reached for a light switch, it was exactly where it should be!! The beds and duvets were super comfortable and oh my, the showers were divine!! Although we only stayed 1 night, I made sure to take 2 showers! And I felt like a kid on xmas when I found the Pret- a- Manger breakfast bag hanging on the door knob!!The hotel has a very cool bar and great restaurant, but if you are in the mood for some of London's hippest bars and clubs, they are all around the corner. And the best curry houses are nearby on Brick Lane!We were impressed with such excellant service and the quality of the rooms, all for 79 pounds! Anyone who has ever been to London knows this is a total bargain. I can't wait to go back, staying at the Hoxton will bemy new excuse to return to London.....  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Shermanator
<Content>Cool vibe, Budget luxury- highly recommended! I love this hotel's concept- budget luxury and no rip offs. The prices are all reasonable- phone calls, in-room broadband, room service.. Nice for a change!My husband and I stayed here for one night just to check it out and would both highly recommend it. The hotel/rooms were very nicely decorated, the bathrooms very stylish and we liked the free take-away breakfast (Pret OJ, yoghurt with muesli and a banana- it's all you need really). The rooms are smallish, but perfect for a short stay or longer stay for one person. The hotel lobby bar was cozy and inviting, and the Caipirinha I ordered was one of the best I've had in a long while. There are lots of trendy bars and restaurants within walking distcance. We'll be back!  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>jhwt
<Content>noisy - glass bottles smashing at 3 a.m. etc.       view from room 123  
<Date>Oct 1, 2006
<Rating>1	2	5	2	5	5	2	-1	

<Author>misterdrew
<Content>2nd Stay - Much Better! I returned to the Hoxton for a 2nd stay, and I'd like to pass on my advice for the best stay possible at this hotel.Firstly, you don't need to hand over your credit card if you think you'll not incur expenses during your stay.Secondly, to avoid noise, ask for a room at the back, not over looking grt eastern street, and not overlooking the atrium as both these locations are very noisy. I got a room overlooking willow st at the back of the hotel - this is an access road and rarely used by traffic. Unlike my previous visit where I had a sleepless stay, I had a restful one this time!Thirdly, its not well advertised, but if you don't have a laptop, ask at reception to use their free internet faciilities in their conference room. They have around 5 pc's in there for guests to use free of use, unlimited time !I still like the rooms and because it's new the hotel does have nice fixtures and fittings, but on close inspection these aren't quality, and will soon fade i fear... so book in whilst everything is still fresh.Also, I agree with previous customers about the corriders, they're trying to be industrial and funky, but in reality are very dark, and also quite disorienting.If you want a hip hotel, well out of the tourist area for a good price - go for it and take advantage of the prices on their website.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	2	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Padman_LS
<Content>Nice new hotel I took advantage of the cheap opening internet deals and spent 5 nights at the Hoxton hotel, using it as base camp for my daily visits into nearby Clerkenwell. I arrived with my wife on a Sunday afternoon and check-in was a breeze. We were given a couple of key cards for a double room on the fifth floor at the back of the hotel overlooking Willow Street. Coming out of the lift, we made our way to the room though a dark-carpeted corridor lit by flourescent lighting behind coloured perspex. Outside the bedroom door is a hook for hanging up your re-cycled paper bag(s) to be filled in the early hours of the following morning with your complimentary 'Pret' breakfast of orange juice, banana and yogurt pot. The Do Not Disturb sign that you hang on your door was interesting - I'M BUSY on one side and **** OFF on the other! There were 2 windows in the room; one was locked and the other opened to a 3 inch gap. However, above the door was the air-con which could only be switch on using your room card and this worked well.The room was as described on the Hoxton website, and yes, the shower was good, giving you an option of getting drenched from above or blasted from the side.The bed was very comfortable with nice sheets and duck down duvet. Open the wardrobe, you'll find extra pillows and towels, an electronic room safe and also a mini fridge (which kept the clothes that were hanging up nice and toasty due to the heat it was pumping out!).Inside the fridge was a bottle of mineral water and small carton of fresh milk to have with the tea and coffee provided. Teabags come in a choice of breakfast or pepermint and the ground coffee is provided teabag style (caff/decaff) and is a welcomed change to your ordinary instant. There's a chaise longue in the room as well as a desk and chair. Inside the desk drawer are your tea/coffee bags, stationery (pencil/pad), a pocket guide to Hoxton, a hair dryer and the remote control for the flat screen telly which didn't work properly - couldn't get Channel4, BBC1's default volume setting was so loud that it was guaranteed to wake the neighbours when you switched on the TV in the morning!For those with WiFi enabled laptops, wireless broadband is complimentary thoughout the hotel. Unfortunately, this didn't work during my first couple of days; I could connect to the hotel's router but not access the internet. The hotel staff did allow us to use the internet free of charge from the PCs in the business centre.Being a cheapskate, I can't comment on the Hoxton Grille restaurant downstairs, but there are plenty of food places nearby - Indian and pizza restaurants just around the corner, loads of take aways and sandwich shops. Overall, my stay was a pleasant one; spoilt slightly by the rubbish telly, partial lack of wireless broadband and the bin men who I heard emptying the bottle banks at 4.30am.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	5	

<Author>youarealongtimedead
<Content>brilliant amazing value hotel in great location   showReview(5890022, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tonyofolds
<Content>great hotel   showReview(5879688, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	3	4	5	5	4	

<Author>SinBosun
<Content>Rude, inefficient and noisy   showReview(5876210, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GSAriyel
<Content>Stylish on a Budget   showReview(5832047, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	2	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Uplyme
<Content>Great value   showReview(5802976, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	-1	4	

<Author>AboutTown
<Content>Teething Problems   showReview(5789715, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 11, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ebabe69
<Content>Stylish Good Value   showReview(5789544, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 11, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	3	3	5	

<Author>Mr_Cellophane
<Content>I had a private tour   showReview(5771776, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	4	5	

<Author>otra_mas
<Content>Finally! An affordable London Hotel I can recommend.   showReview(5765354, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>babybat
<Content>Budget Boutique   showReview(5764411, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	2	4	4	4	4	

<Author>alohita
<Content>schickes hotel mit gutem service   showReview(23254359, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>m2design
<Content>bello l'hoxton, fastidioso neo il check out   showReview(20715890, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	1	5	5	

<Author>sisa85
<Content>Decisamente consigliato       Bagno 2  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	2	4	4	4	5	

<Author>globetrotter192
<Content>an den richtigen Dingen gespart   showReview(18870459, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	2	3	5	3	4	

<Author>vicuzia
<Content>Design e Comfort       letto  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>gabrielemanuela
<Content>alle Achtung!   showReview(17172036, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	3	4	4	4	

<Author>AlvaroGranada
<Content>Un 10 para el Hoxton!!       Dise帽o en el Hoxton  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	3	4	5	4	5	

<Author>tendenze
<Content>ottimo!   showReview(12601554, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	3	4	5	4	5	

<Author>ibiza_hippy
<Content>Tolles Design Stadthotel trotzt der kleinerer Zimmer       Room  
<Date>Dec 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	-1	5	5	5	

<Author>lollemio
<Content>eccellente   showReview(10325955, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>reffa
<Content>Che trendy l'hoxton!   showReview(10268280, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	3	5	

<Author>hakka4you
<Content>Fantastico!   showReview(8463095, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JordiTarragona
<Content>Fantastica estancia   showReview(8184745, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	4	4	4	5	

<Author>alex93300
<Content>jour de l'an londres   showReview(6554972, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SpanishCartman
<Content>El timo del desayuno (The breakfast rip-off)   showReview(6140360, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 17, 2006
<Rating>1	1	3	4	3	4	2	4	

