<Author>Enigmablue
<Content>Out the way but worth the stay The Whampoa Harbour Plaza is a little out the way as its not in the central Kowloon area but the Star Ferry across to the island is only 500m away so it still easy to get to. Its actually quite relaxing after a hard days sightseeing to have that 15 min boat ride to escape the main island. The hotel also offers a shuttle bus to the bottom of Nathan Rd. The bus also stops at Hung Hom railway station (although the bus driver was a little weird about picking people up from that stop).We had harbour view room (9th floor) and its was fairly luxurious with a great deep bath which was awesome for soothing weary bones! This was our first stop on our RTW trip and it set a high standard for the others to follow. The buffet breakfast was good but a little pricey as the Pacific Coffee Club just up the street does a decent croissant and coffee (plus free internet) for a third of the price.As for sightseeing we had an actioned packed first day where we managed to do Victoria's Peak and a little of the main island early in the morning and caught the ferry to Lantau Island to visit the big Buddha (Po Lin Monastery) in the late afternoon. HIghly recommended but only if your fit and healthy otherwise split this over two days.As for dining, we splurged a little on Aqua at 1 Peking Rd for dinner which has some awesome views but it's a little pricey. The local shops and bakeries are just as good though!  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	4	3	3	

<Author>paulandcarly
<Content>Amazing!!!       View from our room  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>macallans
<Content>We loved this hotel We booked this hotel after reading really positive comments by other Tripadvisor members. We were not dissapointed in any way. What a lovely hotel. The hotel itself is beautiful. The staff are friendly, courteous and professional. We booked into the Harbour Cub, breakfast was provided and was lovely.Don't think about booking a courtyard facing room. The harbour facing rooms cost more and are worth every penny. A view to die for. We couldn't bring ourselves to draw the curtains, because day and night there's always something to look at. It is spectacular. One of the amazing views was at dawn with the sun rising, colours are great. Worthwhile having your camera ready.Location of the hotel also perfect. Minutes walk to great restaurants with georgeous food. Two minutes walk to Star Ferry.I could go on forever about this place and locality, but I'll condense it to just two. Get on the MTR and head out to Lantau, get the cable car and go and see the giant Buddha.From the hotel have a two minute walk to Whampoa Gardens and find the Majestic restaurant. Don't be put off by Barbie Pink padded walls and strange yellow ceiling. Get in there and have one of the best meals you've ever had. Sorry vedgies, but the Lobster and scallops were just fab.In short, we loved Hong Kong  Kowloon, we loved the hotel and the people are just lovely. You have to go!  
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jnmck
<Content>Highly Recommended       hotel lobby/staircase from promenade  
<Date>Dec 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>FJSA
<Content>Great value hotel Due to recent troubles at Bangkok airport, had a last minute change of plans and re-routed my trip via a 4 day stop in Hong Kong- which meant I had to find a Hong Kong hotel with just one week's notice. Naturally, I turned to tripadvisor for recommendations, and found the (highly recommended) Harbour Plaza was both within my price range- and had rooms available. Don't be put off because the hotel isn't central; both the excellent shuttle service, and star ferry on the doorstep, mean that transportation is quick, clean and regular. The hotel is within easy walking distance of a range of local shops and restaurants as well. Rooms are spacious and clean, the breakfast buffet is excellent. I was offered a free upgrade to a 'superior' harbour view room, although i never worked out what was superior about it--- and the harbour views, although lovely, look across at happy valley apartment blocks, not at hong kong central skyline. In all, I wouldn't rate this hotel as 5 star, more like a good 4 star. But excellent value in a city where crazy-money is charged for accommodation. I don't hesitate in recommending it.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>HALESABOB
<Content>Recommend in an instant!       The View @ sunrise from the foot of the bed  
<Date>Dec 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CaliforniaGirlUSA
<Content>Harbor Plaza is the place to be! WOW! The Harbor Plaza is the place to stay. A Harbor View Room is a must. Rooms were gorgeous and the pool area was the best in Hong Kong. Great food and outstanding service. Free Shuttle was so convenient. The Harbor Plaza Hong Kong will be the only place I stay from now on. The photos of the property don't do it justice. It was so much better in person. EVERY employee was so personable and welcoming. I HIGHLY recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>Kirsty1981
<Content>Nice hotel My partner and I stayed at the Harbour Plaza as a treat on our final night in Hong Kong after staying at the Ramada Hotel. The hotel itself is very nice and well situated with good views of the Harbour. The entrance to the hotel itself is very grand, with a sweeping staircase as you walk in, looking every inch the 5* hotel. The staff we were helpful and organised. We had booked a basic double room for the night on expedia before we departed the UK for our travels, after checking out the reviews on Trip Advisor and Expedia. The room itself was nice, not the standard that I would have expected from a 5*, having stayed in a few before. The bed was large and comfortable, the bathroom looked like it had seen better days but was still clean. Generally the room was ok. The plus point of this hotel, is the grand entrance, the good service, the great views over the Harbour and its location.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>BigHKFan
<Content>5 Star Hotel - Excellent We stayed for 2 weeks in September on a sightseeing holiday.The hotel looks fantastic from the outside and inside is even better.The marble flooring, water fountains, majestic stone staircase, huge windows all create a sense of space and calm.Our room had a harbour view. We didn't face directly over to Central, more North Point, but even then the view out into the harbour and beyond was simply stunning. We had a 12th floor room, so were sufficiently high enough to enjoy the vista.Only gripe was the TV was a bit old fashioned but to be honest that is just nit-picking. The room was excellent.I recommend making use of the hotel leisure facilities. The glass sided rooftop pool is a great feature and one that we made lots of use of. The hotel also has a comprehensive gym. It is nice to be able to use treadmills whilst watching the boats on the harbour below.As we were on a budget as far as food was concerned, we didn't often eat in the hotel restaurants (there are 5 I believe) but when we did the food was of a high standard. We made more use of restaurants and places to eat outside the hotel, there's plenty of choice.Some have complained about the hotel's location, and whilst it is not as ideally located as, for example, the Peninsula or even YMCA, there are benefits to being located in the slightly out of the way Hung Hom. It is about 30 minutes bus journey from the airport.The area around the hotel is a more residential area with plenty of shops and small malls to cater for everyone's needs. It is also quieter and more sedate than in central TST or on the Island.Perfect to unwind in after a long day's sightseeing.Even though I would imagine Nathan Road and the Star ferry are a good 30 minute walk, the hotel does provide a free shuttle bus. We used the shuttle bus every day and it was the best way of getting around. It runs every 30 minutes into Mody Road and Nathan Road which are the places to go for food, shopping and to experience the more energetic side of Hong Kong.From there the Star Ferry is 1 minute walk, Chungking Mansions 1 minute away, Temple St Night market 4 minutes etc. If you are going to stay at this hotel, then I highly recommend using the shuttle buses.Even though the hotel is not centrally located this never proved to be a problem when it came to sightseeing and exploring. We always used the bus to get into TST then from there we took the Star Ferry over to HK Island. From there you can take another bus to Stanley and Aberdeen, ride the trams into Wan Chai, take the Peak Tram upto Victoria Peak or you can take another ferry from Central over to Lama Island.Or you can stay in TST and get the brilliant MTR over to Lantau to see the Big Buddha, Po Lin Monastery and ride the cable car.Hung Hom KCR railway is not far from the hotel should you wish to venture into the New Territories and beyond.We did all this and providing we were back at Nathan Road for the last bus, we could easily get back to the hotel.On one occasion we decided to stay out later but even getting a taxi takes no more than a few minutes from Nathan Road and costs a handful of dollars. The hotel provides a card with their address printed in Cantonese, so you can show this to the driver.Hotel staff were always very friendly and really did help us with any queries over the bill, or booking day trips such as dolphin watching etc. When my iPod couldn't be found on our leaving day, hotel staff bent over backwards to find it, which they did.All in all my 2 weeks in Hong Kong was one of the best experiences I have ever had, and the Harbour Plaza hotel made it even better.Very highly recommended.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>gillp299
<Content>Very nice hotel       Larger room on return to HK  
<Date>Nov 8, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>scotay
<Content>Fantastic Hotel Absolutly fantastic hotel.Stayed here before and after a trip into China and i have never been so happy to see this hotel again on my trip back from China.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>topcop999
<Content>Woderful end to our honeymoon As a special treat for our Honeymoon we booked this hotel on our return journey to the UK from Australia. We stayed 3 nights and chose one of the harbour club rooms. These rooms are all situated on the 19th floor and the majority have a wonderful view of Victoria harbour as ours did. We specified at the time of booking we wanted a Harbour view. Being in the Harbour club gives you exclusive complimentary extras such as Continental Breakfast, Afternoon Tea and Cakes, Evening Bites and alcoholic drinks 6pm until 8pm, Fitness Centre Use, Free Laundry (Limited to one suit per day), 10% off restaurants, Late 3pm checkout, Business facilities such as use of conference room, Interpreter services, free internet access in lounge (paid access in rooms) I booked directly with the hotel seven months prior to staying and it was simple, just using their website and submitting credit card details to secure the room. Upon arrival at the hotel we attended the main desk and due to booking with the Harbour Club, were immediately ushered up to the 19th floor. Here we were able to check in at the exclusive Harbour Club reception and our luggage followed very soon after. Very efficient and just in time for complimentary evening snacks and drinks! We found all staff friendly, informative and helpful throughout our stay, in particular the staff on the Harbour Club reception. (Wendy  Tracy) The continental breakfast was not as we know it. There was everything from smoked salmon, spring rolls, sausages, eggs, fruit, cakes, etc. The rooms have excellent local information booklets, maps and a business card with the Hotel details written in Mandarin, this is ideal when getting a taxi back to the Hotel. When you leave the hotel there is always an abundance of taxis around the foyer. One of the door staff will quite happily volunteer to inform the taxi driver of your chosen destination. Taxi鈥檚 are really cheap 28HK$ (拢2.20) to Kowloon Centre (TSIM SHA TSUI). This is more ideal for after 8pm when the hotel free shuttle bus and the local Star Ferry terminal has closed. (The other Star Ferry terminals run much later) The Star Ferry terminal is literally 2 minutes walk from the hotel and goes to central HONG KONG Island and WAN CAI district on HONG KONG island every 15 minutes for fifty pence! From these ferry piers on HONG KONG Island you can easily find the MTR stations. You can then travel virtually anywhere you like on the island(s). (Including Airport, Disney World, Zoo, etc.)Anyone who describes this hotel as 鈥榦ut of the way鈥?can鈥檛 have experienced the easy transport links or is not prepared to walk more than a few hundred metres. This city is easier and cheaper to navigate than London. Even along the main Whampoa Gardens street leading up to the hotel there is a vast array of high class eateries and a few shops open until at least midnight. For me, this hotel provided a slightly less hectic base with wonderful scenic views of Victoria Harbour, especially from the roof top pool.When we arrived at the airport and went into the arrivals area we found it amass with taxi drivers touting for business. Most of them seem genuine and are quoting between 300 (拢24) and 380 Hong Kong Dollars to Kowloon. 300 Dollars is about right for the time of writing for a basic taxi. You will pay more for a limo or bigger taxi and more to Hong Kong Island itself. The genuine taxi drivers are normally well dressed with shirts and ties. Beware you will get unscrupulous ones touting for business who are only private hire or not registered taxi drivers whatsoever. If in doubt, walk out of the airport arrivals behind the MTR rail station ticket desk and choose a bonafide liveried taxi on your own judgement. MTR is the excellent underground service serving main Hong Kong Island, Kowloon and Lantau Island including the airport. It is clean, efficient, air conditioned, cheap, fast and gets to almost anywhere on the main parts of the island and peninsula.A good tip before exiting the airport is buy yourself an Octopus card from the aforementioned MTR ticket desk. This card is useable on all transport except taxi so it includes Trams, Trains, Buses, Star Ferry, etc. and also many shops such as 7/11 shop. The card costs around 50 HK$ (拢4) admin fee which is redeemable upon surrender. You then have to charge it with a minimum of 100 HK$ (拢8) and it is re chargeable at many places such as MTR stations and 7/11 shops. I only put 100 HK$ on the card and it lasted the full 3 days; I was on and off ferries, trams, buses and the MTR all day long. The MTR also runs until 1.30am!We went to Victoria Peak on Central Hong Kong Island which is accessible on foot, bus or a Tram ride up the Peak for a breathtaking view of the whole Victoria Harbour. (A clear day is a must and a night time visit worthwhile) The botanical gardens with huge outdoor aviary is worth a visit on the way there or back as it is in close proximity to the tram station.Lantau Island (Airport island) is where the Po Lin Monastery is situated. We visited this to see the BIG BUDDHA (A huge bronze Buddha) and see a fully functioning monastery where you can dine on an inexpensive sumptuous Chinese vegetarian lunch. Lantau Island is accessible via the MTR Tung Chung line and at the terminus you can take a 3.5 mile cable car right up to the monastery village or get a bus. Again the NGONG PING 360 Cable car is inexpensive (拢10) There is an abundance of restaurants and souvenir shops here.Temple Street Night Market off Nathan Road is worth a look in the Kowloon area. We got a taxi there from the hotel and later walked back along Nathan Road. The market sells all sorts from absolute junk to decent copies of everything you could imagine. (Some seems original) It鈥檚 not hard sell but vendors do pounce when you start looking at the stalls. Make sure you do your homework before you part with your precious Dollars. Some items are cheaper further along and often items are not even priced up. It is worth bartering and often you can get things for much less than half price. There is more neon here than LAS VEGAS.On our final day we took the bus from central HONG KONG Island through the island tunnel to a southern town called Stanley. Near to here is where a British Army base was situated (Fort Stanley) and it was once a quaint fishing village. It now has a Mediterranean style beachfront with a good range of eateries and a lovely stretch of beach. The market place here is probably the best market I saw in Hong Kong. No hard sell, nicely displayed goods and very friendly Vendors. Bartering is not as necessary as most things are priced up making comparison easier. There are good quality Silks, Cashmere scarfs, bags, etc. Deals are still available especially if you are purchasing multiple items.The 鈥楽ymphony Of Lights鈥?is a nightly ritual where at 8pm 23 of the hotels and business district skyscrapers display a wonderful light and laser show choreographed to music played around the Victoria Central Harbour area. There is a purpose built viewing tower on the Kowloon Side behind the main taxi and bus stand at TSIM SHA TSUI.In summary a wonderfully vibrant and clean city in the main, with so much to do we had nowhere near long enough. Watch out for some of the back street type food stalls/shops, not as clean as similar areas in the likes of Singapore. You鈥檒l be able to spot the bad ones and note that there are some unusual things on the menu. The Chinese seem to eat every part of the animal, but at the end of the day it鈥檚 all meat, albeit maybe a little gristly! If the seafood is still alive before you order it, then you should be ok! A city I will definitely re-visit and most certainly the Harbour Plaza Hotel. Some good pre reads are DK Eyewitness Guide to Hong and the AA Guide to Hong Kong. With it being such a busy and hectic 鈥榗ity鈥?it is worth hitting the ground running and knowing what you want to see. Fellow travellers enjoy!!!  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rosietas
<Content>Fantastic stay Our stay at Harbour Plaza was fantastic. The location is fine, very easy to get about. You just have to plunge in and have a go!The room was quite nice and very spacious. The bathroom a little dated but OK. The staff were very pleasant and efficient and helpful.A very special mention about Millie Chan our Guest Services Mangager. She was so wonderful and made our stay extra special. She was so warm and welcoming and we would go back to the Harbour Plaza just to see Millie again!Hong Kong itself is amazing! The people are so nice and warm. Nothing was too much trouble and we had no problem at all being understood. We will definately return!  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>d0m0
<Content>Fanastic harbor views; convenient location!! I really enjoyed my stay at Harbor Plaza Hotel. My Harborview room had a very nice view of Victoria Harbor. The hotel staff were very kind and knowledgeable and they speak proficient English. The buffet downstairs had a very delicious selection of foods. The pool on the rooftop, however, was quite small but it was okay.Their location in Hung Hom is very convenient because there are a lot of shops and restaurants located near the hotel. Access to tourist spots like Tsim Sha Tsui is also very convenient because it's only a 10-minute shuttle ride away--which is free and provided by the hotel.Overall, I had a great experience at Harbor Plaza Hotel. The price is fantastic for an excellent hotel like this. I highly recommend it.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>TW_Yachtgal
<Content>harbour views? not always My husband booked the Harbour Plaza for a surprise trip. I lived in Hong Kong prior to handback and Hung Hom would not have been my first choice of location but.. was happy to take a look.On the website the hotel is impressive and as a yachtie and lover of all boats/ships he booked the harbourview room. On the website it shows a panoramic view of the harbour but our room had views through a narrow strip between two buildings.. not exactly what it would appear on the website. Some people may see that the MTR has a station at hung hom but the distance to the harbour plaza is too far to walk, let alone that it's a confusing maze of roads and overpasses to negotiate if one did attempt to. The ferry is spasmodic and finishes early so taxi is the only option and the traffic formidable. I would not stay at this hotel again, I would book one on the island or Kowloon in preference.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	2	3	3	3	1	

<Author>JhonnyDrama
<Content>No value for money (like the rest of Hong Kong) Stayed in a harbour view room for one night. OK room overlooking Victoria Harbour. Old feeling of bathroom. Having stayed in multiple 4-5 star hotels and resorts in Bangkok and Phuket when comparing the price of this hotel you get better everything (room, service, hotel ameneties, restaurants) at half price in Thailand. Friendly hotel staff. Shuttle-bus only for shopping transportation. If you have a suitcase they will not let you go.Surprised to hear the lousy english-speaking ability in Hong Kong. Was it not recently a British colony? Again Bangkok better. Even the dim-sum is better in Thailand. Only went to take kids to Disneyland. If you don`t have business in Hong Kong I see no reason to ever go there.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	3	1	

<Author>posh0
<Content>not 4 star when we booked this hotel we asked for a room overlooking the harbour as there was national day fireworks on the night we arrived , on checking in was told we could view fireworks from pool deck if we paid 200 h.k dollars each !! that is so rude . the hotel it self is o.k , public areas lovely , rooms very tired , my bed had to be changed as the springs in the mattress dug in my back , it was changed immediatly but no appologies , all completed in silence. there is a television in the room and pay movies that cost alot , there are much better choices for hong kong  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>blitz18
<Content>city break Went to the Harbour Plaza Hong Kong as part of a honeymoon world trip.We booked the hotel through our local travel councellor and was surprised when we got there, as we were so near the star ferry one of the main attraction's.We stayed in Kowloon and had a good time, people were really friendly in the hotel and out of the hotel very helpfull.Went on the star ferry which cost about seventy pence per adult, really cheap, went over to Hong Kong island very busy and hetic.Did enjoy going up to the mid escalotors, but was surprised to see it was full of the nannies and maids on there day off they go there as they have no other place to stay, as they can not afford to board any where.very safe city, enjoyed a day trip to the lantau island where the big buddha is , this was amazing experience.Above all had a good trip, not the best place i have visited and would not rush to get back to the city, thought that it was quiet expensive near where we were staying.As we were on our honeymoon did not get treated special or anything the staff did not go out of there way for tourist's of the resort but would look after there own with more attention.Very clean hotel and the bed was very comfortable and always made, the room service was excellent and hot, the mini bar was very over priced , all room's have a safe which i laptop could fit in to.Used the business centre for the internet was very fast but could get it cheaper in the street.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	5	2	3	5	

<Author>SRMLA
<Content>Excellent!! I have stayed at this hotel 4 times and it just seems to get better.. Off the beaten path of major shopping but there is NO better place to come back to after a long day or night in HK..Service is outstanding and buffet, while just a little pricey has a great diversity of foods and plenty of it..Enjoy drinks and food outdoors right next door at theWaterfront Bar while gazing out over the waterfront...While the standard rooms are adequate, i highly recommend a harbour view room...The views are stunning...Nothing better to gaze at first thing in the morning and late at night..While it is a little removed from Nathan Rd, a short 3 block walk brings you to some nice shopping and other eateries as well...I will continue to stay here on my future trips to HKand i give it my HIGHEST recommendation!  
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>freddie123
<Content>wonderful great hotel and good location i have stayed in many different hong kong hotels(j w marriott, harbour view renassaince,grand hyatt,intercontinental and more) and find this to be the best value for money.very good room size;please remember hong kong hotel rooms are not the biggest.wonderful staff,very helpful.harbour view rooms are amazing.perfect hotel for buisness or holiday traveller.have recommended this hotel to many friends and all have been very surprised how wonderful this hotel really is.''we usually stay in the grand hyatt'' though some people may not find this the cheapist hotel in hong kong i can honestly say its worth every penny.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>catgal100
<Content>Great Place Stayed here for 4 nights at the beginning of September in a harbour view room. We were only on the 8th floor but the views were still impressive. The rooms themselves are spacious and clean with a seperate sitting area. My partner particularly liked the chaise lounge in front of the large window. The location is fine, as personally i'd rather ensure a noise free night and plus the taxis are so cheap, its really not an issue. Also the ferry to Hong Kong Island is less than 5 mins walk away. The roof top pool is fantastic. We only ever used it in the evening (open till 8pm) and the skyline views are amazingThe only gripes that we had during our stay were No free internet accessThe hairdryer in our room was rubbish and had no powerFood and drink was very expensive  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	3	

<Author>bodget
<Content>awesome superb hotel with large room and superb view,stayed in a harbour view room and the view takes your breath away,pool area well laid out and clean with a bar  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Mariner27
<Content>Fantastic What can I say about this hotel, it is probably one of the best I have every stayed in. We were a bit dubios at first due to its location. Everyone that I had spoken to that had been to Hong Kong said that staying on Hong Kong Island however we found the location to be great. Ok it isn't amongst any of the hustle and bustle but we liked that and it was so easy to get around by taxi and the nearby star ferry terminal that we didn't feel compromised in any way. It is definately worth paying the extra for a sea view. The views are amazing and you could just sit and watch for hours, even if you look down from your room to see the joggers and tai chi -ers throughout the day. Our room was lovely, the beds were really comfortable and the linen was clean and changed regularly. The bathroom was clean and modern with both a bath and walk in shower. I also loved that there were speakers in the bathroom so you could listen to the TV or radio. The hotel also provides bathrobes and slippers which came in very handy for visiting the rooftop pool which we regularly visited. The pool area is lovely but beware, it can get a bit windy up there and the pool is freezing!Didn't really eat at the restaurants however the breakfast was superb - its definately not cheap but you can fill up on all kinds of weird and wonderful things to suit all tastes. for those who don't want to pay so much there is a coffee bean type cafe that does lovely coffees/juices and pastries for a fraction of the price. The hotel itself has a small coffee shop which do lovely cakes and coffee.The hotel staff were extremely friendly and are happy to help and recommend places. They also go out of their way to remember you name which probably is a ploy to get a tip and the end of your stay but it does make you feel welcome.Hong Kong itself is a fantastic place, its clean friendly, easy to get around with pretty much something for everyone. My personaly recommendations would be afternoon tea at the penninsula, a trip up Victoria Peak and a trip to a race meet if there is one. Stanley is also lovely if you want to venture out of the city for the day. The harbour plaza is an ideal hotel for a memorable visit  
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ClarelLeeds_UK
<Content>We loved the Harbour Plaza       Chinese fishing boat  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>browner_
<Content>Still Great       Pool  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>golfah01
<Content>Good Hotel My wife and I spent five nights at this hotel. On recommendation from friends we upgraded to a harbour view club room.The room was large with a king size bed. The view from the room was great. Breakfast on the club floor was good and we enjoyed the snacks and drinks in the late afternoon. Although this hotel is not in the Tsim Sha Tsui district we did not find that a problem. The shuttle bus runs on the half hour both ways. Taxis are a cheap alternative which we used a couple of times. The ferry is close by so overall getting around from the hotel is very easy. The roof top pool is something to see although we did not use it often.We also liked being able to walk along the promenade of an evening without the crowds.Overall we had a pleasant stay and would stay at this hotel next time we visit Hong Kong.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>vmimartins
<Content>Great hotel - but location.... This is a great city hotel.Wonderful room, spotless, a free water bottle per person per day - really confortable. For us the location was not a problem, but it can be an issue. If you want to stay in the midlle of the action, this is not the place. Dispite not been centrally located, with a 3 minutes walk you can get the ferry (Hung Hom) to Central or Wai Chai although it stops around 8pm. To TsimTsaTui you can take the free shuttle from the hotel into the Peninsula hotel.Taxis are cheap - from TSt/Peninsula was about HK$30. Good breakfast buffet with plenty of asian food. Nearby the hotel, at Whampoa Gardens, there are restaurants and stores with plenty of choices.The roof top pool has great views but it closes at 8pm! I would stay here again and not hesitate to recommend.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	4	4	3	

<Author>Hertz01
<Content>Amazing Hotel, 12 thumbs up!       View from the pool after sunset  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mashap
<Content>Great hotel but weird staff Overall this hotel was great but we had some strange moments. I had splurged for the harbor view so when we arrived we got a room assigned to the 9th floor. I asked if we could be moved to a higher floor and the front desk had a weird reaction, almost like How dare you ask. Could be my imagination of course. My husband thought it was because we look quite young. So the concierge took us up to our room and when we walked in, it jus stank of smoke. We of course requested a non-smoking room and the room smelled like it was being used for that purpose solely. We didn't overreact just calmly said that there is not way we can stay here, and the concierge I think was embarrassed. He called down to the front desk and they immediately upgraded us to a club floor. A questions begs itself - why didn't they just upgrade us right away when I asked and instead tried to shove us in a smoking room? Weird. From there on things improved. The club floor must have had amenities but noone told us about them so we didn't use them. The buffet lunch was out of this world. Best ever. But the service was questionable. We kept asking the server to bring more coffee and he just seemed like it was a chore for him. Like he was surprised we wanted so much coffee. I don't see where he got the idea that he is supposed to judge how much coffee we drink.The room was nice and the view was quite nice but not as spectacular because it was blocked a bit by the hotel's left wing. We saw the harbour full view but not the cool skyscrapers. The last day there was a typhoon and we all got stuck at the hotel. It was surprisingly fun. We went for a harbor promenade during the eye of the storm passing over Hong Kong and it was super. Also the hotel is located three minute walk from the ferry that goes to Central station on Hong Kong island - very convenient. Our last night we went to the hotel's grill restaurant and had kobe beef. That was particularly outstanding. On top of a very nice meal, the restaurant gave us each a second glass of wine on the house. Overall great hotel and we would stay there again, I just don't really understand some of the staff attitude. Seems they were happier catering to an older crowd.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	2	3	

<Author>Dawn267
<Content>Loved the Harbour Plaza We had a super harbourview room in this hotel. Location is not a problem as there is a courtesy bus to main shopping district. Service and people in hotel were second to none. They could not be faulted. Breakfast was great (especially the pancakes) and so was the buffet style dinners - especially the chocolate fountain every night! You must visit the ladies market which we really enjoyed for the battering. There are some characters! Prices for electronic goods were great. Get taxi to and from airport as it is even cheaper than the airport coach.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>neilgleeds
<Content>Excellent hotel Hotel couldn't be faulted. Good location. Great views over the harbour. Food was very good. We would definitely recommend this hotel  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>nikiandpauldundee
<Content>Hong Kong wet but great We had a great time, Hong Kong was wet post typhoone but the hotel was great. Room was huge, beds very comfortable and bathroom pristine. The only disappointment was internet access not fully explained ended up with 24 hour access rather than 30 min. The breakfast was disappointing with questionnable cooking techniques at the egg station, so we did not eat breakfast there again. The location of the hotel was fantastic, local shops and ferry to hong kong island a minute away. We would definately stay there again and would recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	2	

<Author>snazzy
<Content>relaxing Hotel A Brilliant Hotel which is just far enough away from the main hustle and bustle of Hong Kong/ Kowloon, but also within easy reach of everything you can use either the free shuttle or a local taxi, also the ferry to Hong Kong island central was a short 3 min walk. The staff were excellent and the hotel was immaculate. The roof top pool gave great views over to Hong Kong only thing it closes at 8pm! To the review who complained about no free water in the room this has been rectified and was a very welcome addition. We will be staying again.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>bellmondo
<Content>Poor Service - unfriendly people- nice place Stayed there for holiday purposes with my wife. Had an room at the executive club floor. Club amenities are very poor, almost no service during the day. They don't even offer some snacks except of two hours in the evening. Breakfast time in the morning is extremely short (until 10 o'clock!).Our room was spacious but had an old TV and needed some fresh up. Doesnt deserve to be at a first class hotel. Extremely annoying: You have to love to get up early cause rooms at the club floor have a special wake up service. At around 6 in the morning they start causing extremely noise due to the breakfast service in the club. You hear plates and cups clanging and arkward servants trying to give their best to wake up guests by loud talking....Will never come back to this poor hotel.Better try the Langham Place at Mongkok. Best hotel in Hongkong!!  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	2	3	2	1	2	

<Author>canary2211
<Content>Almost flawless.... If you could pick the hotel up and move it next to the Peninsula.....Wonderful room (Harbour views - fantastic viewsof harbour and the city - the earlier review just seems wrong). Short stroll to ferry to Central although it stops around 7pm. However a taxi from TSt/Peninsula was about HK$30 or so - nothing at all. Airport and station shuttle buses were fine but as soon as you discover the price of taxis....Really excellent breakfast buffet especially if you can get an inclusive rate. Staff were superb - we were greeted by Dilshan the doorman in person - somehow he knows your name. It is little touches that make it special. Lovely roof top pool and good gym/fitness faciliites.This is one hotel where I break the usual rule of location location location - becuase the location is actually entirely fine and the rest of the hotel makes up for any tiny shortcomings on location.I would not hesitate to recommend. And the photos are totally representative of the hotel and its rooms.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>Biggles18
<Content>Great Hotel Great hotel with excellant views of Victoria Harbour from the harbour view rooms. Were slightly concerned about location before arrival but found bus service and ferry 5 mins walk away so getting about is not an issue, direct links to the island and central kowloon. Room was excellant and some good eateries not far away, even if a little pricey (as per hotel)! Great shopping in Whampoa 10 mins walk.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Travelmad99
<Content>Excellent Stay Stayed for 4 night in July in a Harbour Club Harbour View room, which I highly recommend. Service was impecible and the food and drink in the lounge excellent.Room was large for HK and very clean with great views of the harbour. Roof top pool and views were tremendous.Location is not a problem as taxi's are cheap and we had no problems getting on the shuttle bus when needed.Would definitely return.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>travellerfourlife
<Content>Very, very nice hotel The Harbour Plaza was splendid. The experience started at the airport, where they have their own info desk. They were able to double check the reservation and recommend transportation options to get into town. We wound up taking a taxi, which cost $300 HKD, about $40 US, but it was so much easier than any of the other option that it was worth it. Location is not perfect; the Harbour Plaza sits right on the waterfront in Hung Hom, a couple of miles east of Tsim Sha Tsui. Originally I thought this would be inconvenient. But there is a Star Ferry pier five minute walk from the hotel that runs to Central. The hotel offers a free shuttle to Tsim Sha Tsui, but we never had to use it. By then end of our stay, we were using taxis, which are so much easier than any other form of transit and are not that expensive. Also, Hung Hom/Whampoa turned out to be a pretty interesting area. It is largely residential, but there are many, many shops, restaurants, etc with in a ten minute walk of the hotel. Food and shopping were not a problem. It is a bit less energetic than Tsim Sha Tsui, and I missed the buzz, but it was nowhere near as isolated as I was afraid it would be.The rooms were perfect, very nice, large, fully equipped. I have stayed in nicer, but not by much. The lobby is absolutely stunning; it is in fact a favorite place for weddings in Hong Kong. And the hotel鈥檚 signature feature is a roof-top swimming pool that has a glass wall so that you can look out from the pool over Hong Kong Harbor from 21 floors up. Stunning. We did not eat in the hotel, but the food looked very good. Service was exceptional. Great concierge and bell staff. I whole heartedly recommend this hotel as a slightly quieter alternative to the chaos of Tsim Sha Tsui. Great value for the dollar.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>oztraveller52
<Content>Excellent Hotel, Fantastic Views 鈥?well worth staying here This is a fantastic hotel. We had a club room on the 19th floor -with harbour views. We had a very spacious room (this is Hong Kong and normally I鈥檇 expect something small). The room was spotless and very well maintained. Lovely bathroom also 鈥?had a bath and separate shower which was great. Breakfast is excellent with a huge variety of hot and cold food to choose from.The only downside, if there is one, is that the hotel is some distance from the main shopping precinct in Tsim Sha Shui. The hotel has that solved 鈥?a shuttle runs every 陆 hour, otherwise taxis are in plentiful supply. Hotel is close to the ferry terminal which takes you across to the island.Will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Tim_the_Taf
<Content>Could be good, but some issues Situated in Hung Hom on Kowloon, so a bit out of things. Bit of a pain in the evening; have to get a taxi into the main Kowloon area, or ferries to HK Island. Be aware that harbour view rooms have a harbour view, but not a view of the city. Hotel courtesy shuttle service was unreliable (if the bus was full, not another for 30 mins or an hour) so my advice is don't rely on it. Taxis are relatively cheap but take a dual language hotel card, there are lots more mainland Chinese there these days, and they speak little or no English.Rooms are pretty good, but we didn't have hot water for 2 days, and the second day had gritty brown water instead. Hotel apologised but no compensation offered. Considering we had 2 harbour view rooms this was unacceptable, and spoiled an otherwise Ok visit. Just highlighted the overall view on customer service: apologies but no real action or focus on the customer.Hotel food was generally good. Evening buffet was expensive but good and breakfast buffet is the usual international style buffet. Perfectly adequate, just make sure you don't pay a lot for it.Views from the roof top pool are sensational, worth a visit to see them.Beware of prices for electronics etc.; we did some research online whilst there and found we could get SLR cameras and equipment much cheaper in the UK than in HK.HK generally - found that since my last trip 10 years ago, language has become a problem; far fewer people spoke English, guess its the influx of mainland Chinese. Particularly bad on the local buses, and one driver in particular just simply ignored us. Also didn't feel safe there this time, especially in Aberdeen, so not sure I'd go again. Didn't help that my son's PSP was stolen out of his hand luggage at HK airport. Singapore feels a lot safer and is much easier to get around, so we'd stick to there as a stopover point in future.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	3	2	2	3	1	

<Author>Peter_Smallhill
<Content>Adequate for a night's rest I've stayed here several times on business trips. The most recent time, I booked a deluxe view room and got a small room with a view of high rises.Room was basic with a fairly hard bed, desk and straight chair, small TV with satellite channels. Bathroom had standard amenities and an excellent shower.No drinking water supplied in the room. You have to buy bottled water in the minibar.Soundproofing is not great - I heard a guy next door coughing during the night.The buffet restaurant near the lobby is good, but crowded and very noisy. Room service food is fair.Service is always friendly. The hotel caters mostly to mainland Chinese and other Asian travelers and has a lot of services they like. They provide a lot of in-room massage services and on previous visits I had calls in the evening asking whether I wanted a girl to come to my room. (This is common in China but not in Hong Kong.)Location is OK because taxis are available and the subway is nearby. You will need them because the immediate area offers nothing.Adequate for a night's rest, but nothing special.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JR_Essex
<Content>Excellent We booked the Harbour Plaza following a recommendation from our neighbour. Whilst slightly away from the main centres the shuttle bus and the ferries make travel quick and easy. The rooms where lovely (we had Harbour View rooms) and the view when you opened the curtains in the morning really set us up for the day!.Apart from one breakfast we did not use the restaurants - there is plenty of dning options in Hong Kong - but they did look a little expensive.However it really is a lovely hotel and we would recommend this to anyone visiting Hong Kong.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ajf1007
<Content>LOVED IT! After reading the many great reviews, I decided to book this hotel on a lay over, before going into mainland China. I was definintely not disappointed! The hotel is absolutely beautiful and the staff is top notch. I booked a club room with a harbor view which was spectacular. Paul and Bob at the Concierge Desk were extremely helpful and true gentlemen. We took the ferry over to the Hong Kong island and went up to Victoria's Peak, which provided an incredible view. In regard to comments of this hotel being a bit away from the action, I was actually very pleased with that fact. After going to the action it was very nice to come back to such a relaxed environment. I will definitely stay here again when I am in Hong Kong, wouldn't stay anywhere else!  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>yoyoly
<Content>An absolutely wonderful hotel. An absolute gem of a hotel. We upgraded on arrival to a club room, it had the most fantastic harbour view. I could go on writing for ever, praising this hotel but I think the best recommendation comes frommy husband who organises group travel/conferences in 5 star hotels. He quite simply said he had never in all his working life ever encountered a better hotel.Thank you, to all the staff at the Harbour Plaza hotel, every single one of you were wonderful, we will be back.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nkendrick
<Content>Harbour Plaza I stayed in this hotel for 5 nights with 27 others for my brothers wedding. Hotel is very nice, the staff were very accommodating, location was ok if not a little far away from the action.The Harbour Grill restaurant was excellent, one of the best steaks i've ever had and the waiting staff were amazing. Definatley worth a visit even if you don't stay at this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	4	4	

<Author>DY888
<Content>Excellent Hotel, Great Value This hotel is excellent. Even though it is not in the main city, it is very close and is easily accessible via taxi or free shuttle bus provided by the hotel. Tsim Sha Tsui is less than 5 mins away via taxi. Food in the hotel is great, and even if you want to head out for a meal, there are alot of options. One is to walk down the street to CDC for breakfast - very cheap! The hotel is also walking distance to Hung Hom pier, which gives you direct access to Central on Hong Kong island.The rooms itself are very comfortable. We stayed in a harbour view room which was just beautiful. The staff are always very helpful and courteous. Gym/fitness centre has excellent facilities, and the pool on the roof is just amazing!Excellent hotel, very affordable - highly recommended.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>betynezz
<Content>Excellent! One of the highlights of my trip to asia! This hotel is simply great! from the moment you arrive it is just wonderful! Very beautiful marble lobby and very nice buffet breakfast restaurant with a harbour view...The staff is SO attentive, the concierge is very helful as well as the housekeeper...They have a bus that you can take at the airport and drops you off right at the hotel  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>DickieM
<Content>Excellent       The Big Buddha  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>RJButt
<Content>good hotel for a great city We spent a few days here between EUR and AU. A very good hotel that is slightly off the beaten track--about 1 km east of Nathan Rd. Great views and pretty good value for money. We got upgraded to a suite but no view. The pool was out of action when we were there but it is in a spectacular setting. Don't miss the evening buffet--it can't be faulted for quality and variety.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	3	2	

<Author>swish008
<Content>One of the best views of the Harbor for a great deal       Awesome night view of Hong Kong from the Hotel Rooms  
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Aussietravellers1
<Content>Still perfect in every way Second time a this hotel and still the best ever hotel we have stayed at. Everything is perfect just as good as the first time. The staff are friendly, happy and ever eager to please. They are happy to do anything asked small or large. Nothing is a problem. They are polite and friendly and the hotel is very clean throughout. There is someone cleaning something all day and night. The restaurants are the same the food is great and price is reasonable. Well worth staying here. The shuttle to TST takes no more than 10 mins in heavy traffic. We loved every minute of our 12 day stay and will most definately come back.  
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>alih68
<Content>What a view!       view from our room  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Wanderlust_Bee
<Content>Lovely hotel It was just the respite we needed from the humid weather and bad cab ride. It smelled like fresh flowers as we walked in the lobby.The staff was wonderful, very helpful  friendly. Spacious room with (black) tea  coffee.The swimming pool is on the roof, great view of the Hong Kong!Although not in Tsim Sha Tsui (main shopping area) the hotel offers a shuttle every half hour there. The Hung Hom Ferry pier is within easy walking distance.  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>maver1ck
<Content>6 STAR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! What a wonderful hotel!Simply the best hotel i've had the fortune of staying in. From the moment I arrived to the moment I left the team of staff were very accomodating to any of my needs and made my stay very relaxed and enjoyable.The rooms are spacious and the bed is very comfortable. The pool and gym is beautiful. Wow the views are amazing and you can find peaceful areas of the hotel to relax and chill. I absolutely loved it and would like to specially mention Billy Wan one of the managers there who went out of his way to make my stay very enjoyable.A must hotel to stay in if passing through Hong Kong!!!  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rallton
<Content>Strange Payment Requirement The hotel is beautiful and the room was very comfortable. We booked a harbor view room but had only a very limited view of the harbor.If booking on the hotel web site, be aware that after booking the room, the hotel will send an email requiring you to send copies of your passport along with a copy of the front and back of your credit card and your signature. I was not comfortable sending this information due to identity theft concerns. I was charged a $15.00 cancellation fee by the hotel because I refused to send this information.I was able to book the room on Expedia for the same price without these unusual requirements.  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>dawnp61
<Content>Fantastic hotel Stayed here for two nights in May and absolutely loved it. HK is expensive in terms of hotels and this one provides the amazing buzz of that incomparable view to HK Island across the harbour as well as being affordable. Very little in HK will offer both those!Nice room, much larger than HK average. They don't have the 'wow' view of the famous HK skyline - they're on the wrong side of the building for that - but you still get a floor-to-ceiling view of the harbour with an always-changing vista of working boats, cruise ships and yachts. Very comfy beds and a large bathroom with rainforest shower and separate tub was also appreciated. All the room amenities were spot-on.The public areas - reception, bars, cafes and restaurants - do have the most stunning views of the city, especially at night over a drink or meal. It really has been designed to have the 'wow' factor in that sense. The open-air rooftop swimming pool does, too. Great spa facilities with massage, facials etc. Restaurant options were good and varied - Chinese, Japanese, a Grill and the wonderful alfresco Italian out by the promenade in front of the hotel. They're a bit pricey but in keeping with the standard of the hotel itself. There's no need to eat in the hotel in HK as it's a food capital of the world but if you do find yourself staying in on a cold, rainy night as we did, then you won't be disappointed.Staff were generally wonderfully helpful, efficient and friendly with one or two exceptions (unfortunately, the exceptions were highlighted due to the high standard of service from everyone else!).On the Kowloon side, the hotel's location is a little bit quieter than staying near the hub of the Nathan Road area but there is a free shuttle bus to the Star Ferry terminal and taxis are plentiful and very cheap. If you're planning on spending a lot of time in the shops, bars and clubs of Central and Wan Chai, then this place might seem too out of the way but, having visited HK several times now and tried hotels on the Island as well as Kowloon, I rate this as a fantastic alternative. I'll certainly be coming back here.  
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	3	

<Author>Doughballs
<Content>Loved it I spent alot of time on Tripadvisor trying to find the most suitable hotel for our trip to HK - the ones I really wanted to stay at were out of my price range, but the Harbour Plaza had received consistently good reviews both on Tripadvisor and other sites / magazines. Not knowing HK I did not know whether the location would be good or not, and when we first arrived I thought we had made the wrong choice as the hotel is outside the centre of Kowloon. I was wrong ! Although not central there is a Star Ferry almost in front of the hotel which runs every 20 minutes or so to HK island. And a free regular hotel shuttle which takes you to Kowloon central and back. Alternatively taxi is less than 拢2 to centre of Kowloon. So location was not a problem. Hotel is very good (only thing I really disliked was that the Air conditioning is on freezing in all the public areas..). Make sure you get a Harbour View room. Beautiful pool area on top of the hotel roof, but windy while we were there. Hotel bus shuttle from aiport to hotel is 130 HK USD per person. If there are 2 of you it is hardly more expensive (and less hassle) to get a taxi which is 280-300 HK USD.A lovely hotel that I would stay at again, and very good value.  
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ardent_traveller_7
<Content>Wonderful views in luxury We were very pleasantly surprised by the quality of this hotel. This was because we took the hotel shuttle bus from the airport and by the time we had dropped everyone else off at a variety of hotels, we began to wonder was ours nice, mediocre, will we wish we'd stayed elsewhere?However, it was 5 star luxury. The hotel is right on the harbour on the Kowloon side looking out at Hong Kong opposite. We loved all the comings and goings in the harbour and enjoyed walking and travelling on the ferry over to Hong Kong and back.The room was beautifully appointed and we could want for nothing.The only downside we could find is that the pool area (on the roof) is a little tired. In particular, the loungers needed updating - but that's just being fussy.  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Marina26
<Content>A good hotel for a first timer This was my first time in Hong Kong and I booked this hotel based on the very favourable reviews on Trip Advisor.The reviews were largely accurate. The hotel is slightly out of the centre but there is a very good and efficient shuttle bus that takes you from the hotel and drops you off right outside the Pen. The driver normally puts his foot down and so this takes about 10 minutes. If you miss the last shuttle bus in the evening, you can jump into one of the red Hong Kong taxi cabs which are very cheap. The lobby of the hotel is very bright and has wonderful views of Hong Kong Island. We didn't fancy the buffet breakfast in the morning and so we were going to a coffee shop around the corner every day for coffee and a croissant. Our room was on the 18th floor and it was fine apart from the fact that the toilet didn't flush properly on arrival but that was soon sorted out. I must admit, I didn't find the reception / concierge staff particularly helpful especially when I was trying to book some trips and tours. Nevertheless, if this is your first time in Hong Kong and you want to stay somewhere relatively clean and cheap, then the Harbour Plaza is the place for you.  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>orange_crush6
<Content>not that great I stayed here for 3 nights for work. Room- compared to other hotels in the area this one would just be average. The tv is old and there are no channels. There is an old musty smell in the hallways, the bathroom is very small, internet access is too slow and too expensive!.The check in process was less than impressive. We arrived to the hotel at noon and our rooms were not ready yet. We asked for a room to at least shower and get ready for our meeting but the only accommodation that they suggested was to shower in the club gym! After a 15 hour flight the last thing I want to do is lug my suitcase up a staircase (elevator does not go directly to the fitness floor) and get ready in a community bathroom.Location was too far away from the markets and night life. Not much to do there. The only thing I liked was the pool. It's on the rooftop and has a great view of the harbor.  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	2	2	1	

<Author>silver53
<Content>A Fantastic Hotel       View from Ferry - hotel is the smaal building on the right  
<Date>May 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>oak74
<Content>Excellent base in Hong Kong We were looking for a base to explore Hong Kong with our 2 young children and booked the HP after reading earlier reviewers comments which by and large were pretty close to the mark in terms of our experience. We booked an Ocean Suite for the four of us and the Hotel had no problem putting in two additional roll away beds (HK400++ ea) for the children in the lounge/kitchenette room. The view of Victoria Harbour provided a spectacular backdrop with everything from ocean liners to Chinese junks literally sailing past the windows but it is worth noting that the hotel's location means that you will only get a glimpse of the 8pm light show from the hotel. However as mentioned in earlier reviews the location, whilst not right in the middle of downtown, is still really quite good as the cross harbour ferry to Central is virtually at the doorstep, taxis are always at the door and are extremely cheap (our most expensive trip was from the base of the peak tram on HK island back to the hotel - HK90.00 including tolls, most other trips were HK30-50) and the hotels shuttle bus provides a terrific half hourly service to TST which will drop you off in the best possible spot to see the show. The accommodation and service was of the standard you would expect for this level of hotel and the staff were professional and courteous.The roof top pool has an amazing view of the HK skyline.There are plenty of shops, restaurants etc just a short stroll from the hotel including banks and supermarkets etc.The only slight criticism we could make is that the breakfast buffet, whilst adequate, is probably not quite up to the mark when compared against similar standard hotels we have stayed in, in other parts of Asia. We ended up going to local coffee shops/cafes instead - offering an easy breakfast alternative.In summary, were we satisfied -yes, and we would probably happily consider staying there again next time.  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>ochief19
<Content>Mediocre at Best We booked this hotel while we were staying here on vacation for 10 days and found the following problems-overly expensive decent at best 25 US dollar breakfast buffet, also it closes at 11 and they will let you in at 10:55 and pack up the food 5 minutes later which happened to us-20 US dollars per day for internet access that is terribly slow, whereas roughly 80% of hotels in hong kong (many of them with much cheaper rates) offer free high speed access-10 US dollar food-reheating charge, gave them my Morton's prime rib that was medium rare and they brought it back well done, though this may seem terribly picky they asked me twice how they should do it and i said i just want it warmed, not re-cooked-Terrible room cleaning, they leave empty bottles all over the place, forgot to leave towels twice, stains on bed and sheets, what looks to be a nice blood stain on the marble bathroom floor and the toilet doesnt flush properly-TV is older than i am, doesnt work, no channel selection, tough to turn on, cannot change volume etc...-Location is not as central as they make it seem, though in a harbour, it is not even close to being the main harbour with the famous star ferry and beautiful shopping centers. Not a shopping center, MTR, Ferry, Nightlife, good restaurants or anything else within a 30 minute walk, or ten minute taxi. Overall the room and Hotel was OK, the lobby is beautiful, room size (for hong kong) is great and staff are fairly pleasant. For all the hype definately not worth it. Next time i come I would spend an extra 50 dollars a night to stay in a more elite hotel, that this one tries to be like.  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	1	4	4	1	

<Author>WorldwidePrincess
<Content>Great hotel in Whampoa Gardens This is a good value, excellent hotel in a gorgeous setting on the harbour, and I've stayed here twice. You walk in and there are floor to ceiling windows along the water, and that's your breakfast view too. The location is good for a little walk along the harbour, and there's a lot around the hotel, including the ferry to Wan Chai (and Central too maybe?). The hotel is not walking distance to Kowloon, however. It is also not on a subway or train line. Apart from the ferry (which doesn't run past early evening), you have to rely on taxis or the hotel shuttle bus. If you can handle that, it's a great choice. Lately I've been staying at the sister hotel, Harbour Plaza Metropolis, which is at Hung Hom Station, to be closer to Kowloon and the station, but I miss the water there...Tip: Print off the address in Chinese for taxi drivers. Because of the name of the hotel, I have found myself heading toward Hong Kong Island because the taxi driver just assumed it was on the island because of the name.  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	2	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>foggysam
<Content>Wonderful Harbour Plaza On our way from Australia to Europe we decided to give our little kids a break and stay a few nights in Hong Kong to interrupt the trip. Decided on the Harbour Plaza based on different reviews found here and elsewhere.The Harbour Plaza was fantastic. From the moment we booked our room until they dropped us back off at the airport, the customer service and hospitality were among the best we have ever experienced.Our room was fairly spacious with a great view and very well equipped. All amenities we needed were available on-site. We decided to book a club room, which came with the added benefits of a separate check-in / concierge desk as well as the club lounge / business centre, which came in very handy.We arranged a hotel pick-up at the airport which was very simple with a hotel desk in the arrivals hall of the airport.The hotel is in Kowloon, which is out of the centre but close enough to get there quickly either by hotel bus, taxi or by ferry.We would definitely recommend this hotel very highly and hope to stay there again soon.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>MikeT_8
<Content>absolutely excellent When we first arrived the the hotel (and for the first few days to be honest!) we thought we had chosen a good hotel, but a bit inconvenient location-wise. As our trip progressed however, and we became more familiar with HK, we soon discovered that you can get to and from this Hotel extremely easily from almost anywhere in HK by using buses (to and from everywhere), ferries 5 minutes away, the Hotel shuttle, and taxi's (cheap in HK). Being next to the harbour, and being in a somewehat quieter suburb (Whampoa) was just delightful. To be honest, once you explore the shops around the Hotel in a little more detail, you soon discover that you can shop for days and days just near the Hotel without going into the mad crowd at Nathan St if you like! There is everything - restaurants, shops, ice-creams, etc etc. In the early morning, being on a lovely Harbour promenade was just wonderful.The Hotel is absolutely excellent - breakfast lovely, the rooms lovely - I just couldn't criticize it. I will be back  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>fish47
<Content>Brilliant hotel When we first arrived at the hotel I was a little disappointed at the location but I soon changed my mind. We've always stayed on Hong Kong island before but decided to try Kowloon and we'd certainly return. It's a relatively new hotel, very light and spacious which is not easily found in Hong Kong. Our room, which was above average size, overlooked the bay. Facilities  cleanliness were excellent and the breakfast buffet which was included was superb.There's a free shuttle bus to take you down to the Star Ferry Terminal close to the bottom of Nathan Road or to the metro, but the taxis are so cheap it's quicker to take them. Plus it's only a short walk along the promenade to the ferry that goes across to Central on Hong Kong island.Try the Harbour Grill restaurant the food and service are fantastic.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Dumbeldore
<Content>Fantastic in every respect I hate leaving really positive reviews as I know it will be more difficult for me to stay in future however....The Harbour plaza is simply fantastic in every respect. Book a Harbour view room which is great. Views are great pool is great and food is fantastic. Location is spot ona s well really.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>jetset111
<Content>Excellent Hotel! I cannot fault this hotel in any way...the hotel itself was beautiful and the staff helpful in every way!Other people have complained of the location of this hotel but we did not find it a problem at all, it is 5 mins walk from the star ferry and there is a shuttle bus to the nearest mtr station every half an hour, this ride also takes around 5 mins, apart from that there are taxi's outside all day and night and the men on the door will advise the drivers in chinese on your destination so there are no language problems.We had a harbour view room on the 11th floor and the view was stunning, well worth the little extra you pay.I would recommend the all u can eat buffet breakfast and dinner laid on at the Prommenade restaurant, all beautiful fresh food and well worth the money...for breakfast there was a huge selection of chinese and international food with fresh pasties and baked goods and dinner included a massive variation of food from chinese to sushi to indian to roast meat to lovely fresh seafood not to mention the huge selection of desserts if you have room left!Every member of staff we dealt with was nothing but helpful and the rooms were cleaned twice a day every day we were there.Cant say any more than that...we loved it!  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>mont990
<Content>Great stay, great place!! This is a great hotel and is in a very good location. The hotel staff and service are excellent and the breakfast is fantastic. The restaraunts on site are good and the location is ideal, very close to ferry terminal / MTR and also has free shuttle bus to town if required. My only gripe is the single courtyard view rooms are very small and a little claustraphobic but adequate for a short stay.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>ChipDukes
<Content>Loved the Harbour Plaza Hotel in Kowloon!!! Excellent hotel!!! Very beautiful with a magnigicent view across Victoria Harbour of Hong Kong. The Promenade restaurant in the main lobby area served a fabulous buffet breakfast with selections ranging from traditional American breakfast fare to dim sum.Excellent fitness center and beautifil pool with harbour view!  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>pollyannaBindoonWa
<Content>terrific hotel a first class hotel, just as we had hoped for. it was our silver wedding year and we wanted somewhere special and we were not disappointed. I had read all the available reviews prior to leaving australia and some people had complained about the distance to nathan road. we did not find this a problem at all. we used to use the star ferry to central then on some days take the ferry to tsim sha sui and do our shopping then get the hotel shuttle back to the hotel.we ate at the hotel twice but we found a superb restaurant five mins walk away called outback steakhouse. superb value, food and it was full of locals(always a good sign). also the view from the wampoa lounge at the hotel at night is to die for. the is nothing like it in the world that i have seen except maybe new york or sydney harbour , it,s up there with them. overall a wonderful hotel and i would recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Ceomhar
<Content>Superb hotel in hong kong This was a beautiful hotel in Hum Hong. Top class.Don t worry that it is in Hum Hong, The hotel provides a free shuttle to town and the ferry from Hum Hong to central is only a couple of minutes walk away.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ascorman
<Content>Decent! This hotel has a decent locale, stayed here from 1st of April 2008 for two nights, It was my 1st time in HK, and i didn't know what to expect, The hotel is close to many amenities, you won't go hungry, atms are nearby, and there's even a departmental store just around the corner, If you want to save on cab fares, there's the reliable and complimentary shuttle bus, and a ferry to North point just around the corner. The rooms are clean, decent, great view (regrettably, it was misty/hazy during my visit). My only mini irk was the fact that the remote control for my telly didn't work, probably just an isolated incident. Service wise, my room was not ready by the time i arrived around 2pm, plus the reception seemed abit slow, but the sincerity of the concierge and the attending staff are noteworthy, in my opinion.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	2	4	3	

<Author>ClaireeTurnip
<Content>The best hotel in Hong Kong We bkd the HP after reading previous reviews and we were not disappointed. Pre stay, the hotel booked seats for us on the Airport Shuttle Coach on arrival in HK Airport and this made the end of our long journey very comfortable. The location of the hotel is ideal, it's on the waterfront overlooking Victoria Harbour and there's a lovely walkway way directly in front of the hotel which is ideal for a post breakfast or pre dinner stroll. We arrived at the hotel late afternoon after a long flight and were greeted by extremely professional, friendly and courteous staff. One of the doormen actually remembered my name for the duration of our 3 night stay. Our harbour view room was spacious, very comfortable and just as expected from a 5* hotel. The breakfast buffet was lovely, albeit, the waiters don't leave coffee pots on your table and you have to keep asking for refills (a very minor criticism). We had the dinner buffet twice as to be honest there isn't that much directly around the hotel and again the choice and quality were very good. There is a free hourly shuttle bus into the centre of Kowloon from the hotel as it's just too far to walk. The hotel is an ideal base for seeing the sites of HK as it's away from all the hussle  bussle and we will definately stay at the HP next time we visit HK.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>hill2008
<Content>This is a brilliant hotel! Okay this hotel is a little out of the way (you can't easily walk to say Nathan Rd - even if you had the inclination) but it is serviced excellently by the hotel mini coach. Less than 10 mins to the heart of the action and that's after taking a detour to make some stops to get there. At the hotel there are plenty of options (price range  food wise) to keep you satisfied for food and drink. The hotel itself is really wonderful. Every single member of staff that we spoke with were charming, courteous and helpful. The decor is top quality, the marble staircase/chandelier at the reception area is on par with the most extravagant you'll visit anywhere. The room (superior with harbour view) was fabulous. Very spacious, all mod cons, complementary water from the mini bar. Just brilliant. The pool and jacuzzi on the roof are a super bonus to this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>PaulnDeb
<Content>Just go!       view of hotel from ferry  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>sussexholidayholic
<Content>WOW what an entrance I stayed at this hotel 15th and 16th March 2008 prior to a cruise down to Vietnam. When we drove up to the main entrance it reminded me of the glitz of Las Vegas. It was simply stunning. Checking in was very smooth at the spacious, elegant reception area and the superior harbour view room on the 11th floor had beautiful views of the harbour from the large panoramic windows. The bathroom was huge however the placement of the loo was somewhat of an after thought!. There were always staff on hand at reception to carry luggage, open doors and order taxis and they were always very polite. The food in the Harbour Grill Restaurant was very good but a little pricey, mainly due to the high cost of wine in general, in Hong Kong. I would agree that the location is some what a little way out of the happening part of the city but it was refreshing to be able to stroll out on the promenade either before or after dinner and enjoy a drink at the Waterfront bar (which has an extended happy hour most evenings). The hotel does operate an excellent free shuttle bus to and from the main area and a star ferry is on the door step, so all in all you have just about the best combination you could want. I would return without any hesitation and would strongly recommend this hotel to any of my friends.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>RMSOxford
<Content>Stunning!! This hotel is simply breathtaking....The rooms were all spotlessly clean, the hotel facilities were second to none and the views from the rooms, bars and restaurants were stunning. To swim in the rooftop hotel overlooking the HK skyline left us with a memory we will never forget.Many reviews state this hotel is out of the way, perhaps true if you are on business in Central; for the tourist who wants peace from the bustle of the city, proximity to a ferry terminal, restaurants catering for all tastes in Whampoa and shopping centres all within a few minutes walk, then the Harbour is for you.We were welcomed by Panny the doorman every time we crossed the threshold and he even knew our name the 1st time we saw him - service like this is difficult to find. If I owned an hotel I would want him working with me!One downside, watch the prices in the restaurants in the hotel which can be expensive. Book a Harbour Club room and take advantage of free drinks and canapes in the Club lounges.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Hande_M
<Content>Loved It! We've just got back from the Harbour Plaza in Hong Kong. We loved it! The service from the staff was excellent! It was well worth paying a bit extra and upgrading to 'The Harbour Club as you stay a big room facing the Harbour and you can have breakfast in the lounge on the 19th floor rather than have breakfast on the ground floor which can be noisy and crowded. Also, snacks and drinks are complimentary between 6-8pm and internet access is free. The staff couldn't do enough for us, they were very helpful and proffessional. The rooftop pool was to die for. Highly recommended!  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>boston_tripadviser
<Content>Nice Hotel with Amazing Views       Morning View from Room  
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>bmarsh
<Content>A Good Find If this is your first time to Hong Kong or if you are a leisure traveler then this hotel is probably a pretty good bet for you. If you have travelled to Hong Kong and stayed previously in any of the major hotels then you will notice that the service here whilst excellent compared to elsewhere in the world, is just not as slick and sharp and does not quite meet the standard of Hong Kong鈥檚 many other better known hotels. I have stayed in most of the well know hotels in Hong Kong so I guess I may expect a lot.That said, the rate I paid was below current rates for the better known hotels and as housekeeping, choice of food and all other things met the usual superb Hong Kong standards, it was a pretty good deal.The location may or may not be a problem. Located about 1 hour walk from the main shopping areas around Nathan road (walking not suggested as busy flyovers in the way) the hotel operates a quick and frequent free bus shuttle service to the shopping area and the airport express station. Taxi鈥檚 are also easy to find and cheap in Hong Kong. In fact although the hotel is in a residential area it has a greater feeling of space than is usual in Hong Kong.The harbor view from the hotel or the walk way outside is arguably better than from the better know harbour side hotels as you get a much better perspective from the distance. If you are on business and visiting the exhibition centre in Wan Chai (Honk Kong Island) this may not be an obvious hotel to stay. However, the hotel is 4 minutes walk from the Hung Hom star ferry terminal to Wan Chai and Central and is probably one of the easiest Kowloon hotels to reach the island from. In fact for an alternative and more pleasant way to reach the main shopping areas of Kowloon from the hotel, it is no big deal if you have the time (and costs less than HK$10) to take a ferry to Wan Chai and then from Wan Chai back to Kowloon and the main star ferry terminal/shopping area.Would I stay here again, probably.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	3	2	2	

<Author>brighteye76
<Content>Good hotel, poor location This is a good hotel.... a bit corporate... a bit business-ey, but a quality hotel nevertheless with all mod-cons and good service. I paid extra for a harbour view room and it was definitely worth it. The room was massive and the floor to ceiling windows gave a sensational view over Hong Kong Harbour.The one downer of the hotel is its location. I didn't mind being Kowloon-side, but it was at least a 30 minute walk to Tsim Sha Tsui. During the day there was a ferry from outside the hotel which went to Central... but this stopped at about 8pm leaving you reliant on taxis or the hotel's own shuttle bus after then.So the hotel is lovely, but I'm afraid the location (which they can't really do much about!) would put a real question for me on whether I would recommend.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	1	5	5	3	4	

<Author>chillyp
<Content>Watch Out !       harbour view at sinrise  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Hamill67
<Content>Awesome Hotel but Internet Pricey       Rooftop Pool  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	2	

<Author>TheCobbler
<Content>Excellence Personified After a nine hour flight, plus the joy of Heathrow (!!!), together with a train journey from HK airport, plus a link bus to the Hotel my Wife and would have been less than overjoyed at any duff recommendation from the travel agent for our three day stop over on the way to Australia. The Hotels facilities and amenities were absolutely superb and the accommodation ( a Harbour view superior rom) very very adequate and the travel agents clear ability to purchase at bulk prices made the three day stay as affordable as a one night stay in an equivalent Hotel in Central London.. We can make a direct comparison having stayed again in Hong Kong, albeit on the Island this time, on the way back and although the Hotel (Park Lane) was more central to shopping etc, it was more expensive than the Harbour Plaza. I had read many of the reports on this site about the Plaza before going Down-Under and would agree that the Harbour Plaza is 'slightly' out of the main area, but I feel this hardly matters as the ferries are within walking distance, and the price of Taxis is ridiculously cheap. Thoroughly recommended and wouldn't hesitate to stay again next Winter when we next go to Australia  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	3	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>H2OTGP
<Content>Harbour Plaza Paradise My wife and I recently spent 3 nights at the Harbour Plaza on our way to Thailand and whilst the weather was unkind to us the hotel certainly made up for it. I booked direct with the hotel via it's website back in September and at the time it was the cheapest way with no upfront payment. About 3 weeks before leaving I saw a cheaper package offered and when I contacted the hotel and explained they were more than happy to match the price! We booked a Harbour Club Harbour view room and we were very pleased with it.The extra cost of the club room is well worth it as it includes Breakfast either in the Club lounge or downstairs in the main breakfast area. ( Two breakfasts alone are nearly as much as the club supplement! ) You then have the advantage of fast track check in and out, Tea  coffee throughout the day and a splendid  Afternoon Tea  from 3 till 6. Then from 6 till 8 you can help your self to pre dinner snacks, wine and beer. The staff were all very helpful and polite and the maid service was twice a day and very proffesional.We did not use the hotel restaurants as they were fairly expensive although we did order room service on our first night as we arrived quite late. The Fish and chips were probably the best we had tasted for quite some time and the cost very reasonable.We used the hotel limo for our airport transfers and whilst a bit more expensive than the mini bus it is a little bit special to be whisked along in a top of the range S class Mercedes with the driver pointing out all the points of interest along the way ( Cost $550HK one way or $1050HK return )As mentioned previously the location is a bit out of the way but that is a bonus to be honest so don't let that put you off. I can honestly say that if I return to HK in the future it will be to stay at the Harbour Plaza.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>MarkBarnes
<Content>Great!       Hotel from Hung Hom Ferry  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kiwifarmer
<Content>A good 5 Star Hotel We had booked two rooms on the club floor, check in is in the club lounge on the 20th floor. The rooms were a good size, furnished to a good standard and clean. A nice touch was a set of personalised stationary put in the room on our arrival, Internet access was free. They allowed you two pieces of laundry free per day which was great having two rooms.The club lounge provided breakfast, food through out the day and drinks at night, beer and wine was available but not spirits! The lounge is comfort and a pleasant place to relax. The hotel provides a bus every half hour to Nathan Road, which was a great as it rained the entire time we were there. The locals told us the hotel is in a very safe part of Kowloon, and was ok to go out in the evening. .Apart from the weather which ruined the time we had in Hong Kong, The hotels roof top pool would be great in good weather as it overlooks the harbour. The staff were friendly and very helpful. A good hotel and would return there again, but in summer.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>DavidGToronto
<Content>Exceeded My Expectations! When I was trying to find hotels for my trip to HK, Ningbo and Beijing I was concerned because I had never been to any of these places before. When I went on-line it appeared that the Harbour Plaza had everything I was looking for during my 3 days in HK. I was pleasantly surprised with how the hotel and its staff far exceeded my expectations. I had never introduced myself to the doorman however after I checked in, went to my room and then came back down to get a cab and tour, I was shocked when the doorman addressed me using Mr. and then my last name. For the 3 days I was there the staff were outstanding, the breakfast buffet was amazing and overall I would strongly endorse that anyone looking for a fantastic hotel to book at the Harbour Plaza.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Travlholic
<Content>Great to be off the main drag!!!       Modern Outside, so close to the H20  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jeffwin1668
<Content>Wonderful Stay at the Harbour Plaza We stayed at this hotel for 12 nights, spending Christmas  New Year in Hong Kong. We booked 2 harbour view rooms and the hotel arranged inter-connecting rooms that provided more moving space as a whole. Here's a more detail review.Location:Granted this hotel is not smack in the middle of everything (i.e. MTR, shopping, Nathan Rd etc..) but it is in a very nice upscale neighbourhood with shopping nearby and waterfront area with great views of the harbour. We prefer retreating to this area especially after a long day venturing out to sightsee and being in other crowded areas all day long. Lobby:The front area and lobby looks grand and the staircase is decorated practically everyday with different wedding parties (there were weddings going on everyday that we were there). Front desk staff was efficient and polite but what stood out was one of the door man who remembered my name since the day we go there. Every time he opened the door for us, he鈥檒l mention my name which makes you feel special. It鈥檚 little things like that stands out and you鈥檒l remember this. Room:The room is large for Hong Kong standard. We booked a harbour view and really enjoyed the view and seeing ships of all sizes coming and going. My 3 yr old liked the inter-connecting rooms for us and my parents as he can run around in both rooms without going outside into the hallway. The only regret was the room did not face the main harbour where the festival of lights (Christmas lights on buildings) and the fireworks display were held on New Year鈥檚 Eve. Not sure if any rooms in the hotel do face that direction or maybe for the more expensive suites only. However, I do know that for hotels that face directly at the main harbour where you can see everything will cost a lot more than the Harbour Plaza and rooms are likely to be smaller as well. The d茅cor of the room is standard and the furnishing is also standard. It also shows some wear and tear in a few places but overall it was clean and in good shape. Service:Service (House keeping) is on and off meaning sometimes is good and sometimes not so good. For a hotel rated as 5 stars, service should be top notched but sometimes this is not the case. Nothing major but little things that get forgotten (more than once) should not occur for a 5 star hotel. For example, since our son shares the room with us, we asked for an extra set of towels for him but this is forgotten once every few days. There was also a small fruit platter which we were told at first it would be replenished everyday but when it didn鈥檛, we asked again and we were then told this was only for the 1st night but since we asked, they would replenish it again and this occurred for another 2 days but then stopped. We didn鈥檛 bother to ask anymore as we can buy our own fruit at the local supermarket nearby. In general, staff was polite and helpful.Transportation:Hotel provides a small shuttle bus to TST but gets filled up quickly but will not drive off until the schedule time even if the bus is already full. They should at least increase this service especially for peak periods. Taxis are available and fairly cheap compared to North America and you can also walk to the pier a few minutes away to take the ferry across to Hong Kong Island. I like this way the best. However, since the ferry stops running after 8pm, if you are returning late, you鈥檒l have to rely on other means of transportation.Restaurants:We didn鈥檛 try the hotel restaurants as we eat out most of the time but we did have drinks at the hotel lounge late in the evening. The buffet looks good and I really wanted to try it but never got around to it. There are also many restaurants around the area and the prices are obviously a lot cheaper than at the hotel. Since we speak the local language, there鈥檚 no problem for us but even for tourist that doesn鈥檛 speak Cantonese, it shouldn鈥檛 be difficult as most restaurants there have menus in both Chinese  English language.Conclusion:Overall, this is a good hotel and I wouldn鈥檛 hesitate to recommend this. You will not regret by picking this hotel. Hope this helps鈥?/p>  
<Date>Jan 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>kawai888
<Content>Good experience at the Harbor Plaza We stayed at the Harbor Plaza during Xmas 2007 as a part of a flight +hotel package. We are a family of 4 and got two connecting rooms. I specificially asked for non smoking and ended up with a smoker's room. They said they were sold out that night but that's not a good excuse when I called weeks before. The good news is we didn't really smell the smoke, maybe we are too tired from the fllight. The hotel is off the main tourist areas but that's why I picked it. It was quiet and catching a cab was easy and cabs are cheap in HK. We didn't eat at the hotel since the price is very expensive. There are many eateries outside the hotel in the condo complex a block down. Coffe shops, many resturants, bakeries. The hotel is very modern and befitting its 5 stars rating. THe rooms are very nice as well. They give you 2 free bottles of water each day. The pool at the roof top is very pretty and has a great view of the HK habor. Check it out during the night (but they close at 10pm). Outside from the smoking room, it was a very pleasant stay and I would return again.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>JLiem
<Content>Thank you Mr. Stanley Tam! We booked 2 rooms at this hotel for 6 nights last December, and had a great overall hotel experience, except for a little problem with our room reservation upon check-in. We made our reservation through the hotel鈥檚 website, but did not find the rooms we booked when we checked in. Reception at the front desk couldn鈥檛 help us, so we contacted their reservation department through e-mail but no reply until the next morning. We were just about to cut short our stay, and move to other hotel as we felt we did not get what we鈥檙e paying for.When I was searching for room availability at other hotels, a duty manager from HPHK, Mr. Stanley Tam, called our room and tried to address our concern. He told us that he would move us to other rooms, and asked if we would go with him to view the new rooms for our approval. In short, we agreed to move to the new appointed rooms, and extended our stay through Xmas. As the hotel was very full, Mr. Tam also helped us with our extension and smoothen the process,We just want to thank Mr. Stanley Tam for all his assistance and hospitality, and for making us feel welcome at the hotel. We would have moved to other hotel if it wasn鈥檛 for Mr. Tam鈥檚 help. On one very busy occasion on Xmas Eve, we spotted Mr. Tam who was helping with table preparation at the buffet restaurant. He was a very hands on, but never too busy to make sure that the hotel guests are happy with their stay.The harbour view from our rooms, though i think it's not the victoria harbour, was beautiful... very beautiful...! Our rooms were spacious and very clean. Housekeeping staffs were very helpful and efficient.We had buffet breakfast at the hotel every morning which was just standard in our opinion. But we loved the Chinese restaurant on the 2nd floor. We thought the food and service there were excellent.The hotel鈥檚 shuttle bus was very convenient, and the drivers were also helpful  professional. Ferry terminal is very close, and we love to take the ferry to go to tsim sha tsui and central. There were lots of eating places in the area near the hotel, from Mc Donalds, Cafe the Coral, Pacific Place coffee, medium to larger scale chinese restaurants, and more. There was also a bargain store, Jusco, which we found very convenient to buy water, fresh fruits, milk, etc, and we even bought a PSP at its toys section which was on sale for HKD 1280. We loved the small town.. about 5 minutes walk from the hotel.When we checked out, Tiffany at the front desk was very helpful.We have recommended this hotel to our friends, and would definitely go back to the hotel in the future.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	-1	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>Hammamilton
<Content>This Hotel is amazing I really wanted to stay at this hotel on our visit to Hong Kong and I am so glad we did. Our Travel Agent got us a great upgrade to the Harbour Club, which was well worth it. Our room was spectacular, the service was faultless and given the time of year, the Harbour Club was a great place to have breakfast as it was not too crowded. We managed to visit 3 of the restaurants in the hotel - Robatayaki, Harbour Grill and the waterfront, all of which were fantastic, the food, service and price were very good. It's actually quite expensive to drink in Hong Kong, but it was actually very reasonable at the Harbour Plaza Hotel and the mini bar was the same price as the bar prices and on New Years Eve the in-room dining facility tracked down a bottle of wine that is on their restaurant menu, but not in-room dining, now that's service. Take my advice upgrade to the Harbour Club, you get breakfast, afternoon tea and pre-dinner drinks, you get discounts on all the bars, restaurants, room service and the laundry.The hotel made our trip of a lifetime even more special than we could have imagined.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>1Cocoabeach
<Content>It was a pleasure       View from our room  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>bennec
<Content>Fantastic Our upgrade to a room with a view of the harbour made this a holiday to remember. As well as breakfast, afternoon tea ,fruit in the room, coffeeand tea when req, and pre dinner cocktails were also included. The staff in the Club Suite were all efficent, polite and helpful. We thoroughly enjoyed the stay and tried 3 of their restaurants..all excellent with a variety of prices and menu choices. def stay here again and when you consider the free shuttle bus into Kowloon centre good value .  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Red1973
<Content>A Brilliant Hotel This is a superb hotel from a Tourist perspective. The hotel is stunning being right on the waters edge looking across the harbour towards Hong Kong Island. The rooms are beautifully appointed (I had a Harbour View Room and the view was stunning) and the gym, pool and other facilities were excellent. The staff were also helpful and pleasant and it was a joy to stay here. It is a 5 minute walk to the Star Ferry Terminal for the 10 minute Ferry Ride to Central or Wan Chai on Hong Kong Island. In addition, the hotel runs a courtesy bus to and from Tsim Sha Tsui in Kowloon giving you easy access to this part of town. Taxis are also plentiful and good value for money. The area right outside the hotel is worth not dismissing as there are numerous good value restaurants here as well as Internet cafes where the use of the internet will cost you the price of a coffee. Tip - Ensure you get the hotel to write down the name of the hotel in cantonese for the taxis as there are 3 other hotels of the same name. A brilliant hotel - Just go!  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Suz_Cols
<Content>Harbour Plaza- Wonderful stay Spent christmas at this hotel and loved every minute. The hotel has a superb pool overlooking victoria harbour and the staff were really helpful. The location is superb with serene views over the harbour. The christmas atmosphere around the hotel was exceptional, including a local choir singing christmas carols on christmas day on the balcony stairs of the hotel.Room was large and comfortable.Transport links were good with taxis, ferry and free shuttle bus readily available - actually liked the fact that we were a little bit away from the hustle bustle as it was more relaxing The restaurant food was good and a great band sang live at night. We will definitely return to Hong Kong and will now find it very hard to stay anywhere else.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>ericpeggy
<Content>Nice hotel and good location We stayed at Harbor plaza for 3 nights. The pool, lobby are very nice with lovely HK harbor view. Hotel staffs and even cleaning staffs are very friendly and helpful. We had a 7 p.m. flight and the hotel staff extended our check out time to 2 p.m. to accomodate us. Beds are comfortable. Rooms and beds are kind of big in HK. But Royal Plaza has much bigger room. Hotel has very good free shuttle to MTR station and free shuttle to Kwoloon airport hub which you can check in your baggage without going to airport. The only setback is the TV is 90's style and the bedside control is sometimes making beep sound which is annoying.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>irishnz
<Content>Generally an Excellent Hotel I enjoyed my stay at the Harbour Plaza Hong Kong - over the new year period. Certainly a popular hotel - we were there 6 days and each day there was a wedding! It was great to see the grand staircase get decorated each day. We had a lovely corner room with great views over the harbour (or look below and see the locals doing tai chi each day). Lovely outdoor pool area at the top of the hotel with great views.Staff were great, very friendly and attentive. The hotel was spotless. Food - one meal through room service was great, the other was awful. The breakfast buffet had a fantastic range and the food was great, though the usual hotel prices. The hotel wasn't quite in the centre so we did use the free shuttle frequently. Several times it was full but taxis were very cheap, so not an issue. It is worth checking out the timetable for the nearby ferry as it is only a few mins away and quick and easy to get to Hong Kong Island. We found the shuttle from the airport to the hotel was a bit lengthly - waiting for the next one to depart. Also, we were the last hotel for drop offs, so from arriving at airport, took almost 2 hours to reach hotel. Leaving was fine, very efficient. Definitely agree with other reviews about getting an octopus card at the airport, then you can use all the transport including star ferry. Overall, would recommend the hotel, we enjoyed our stay and I would return.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Warks
<Content>Excellent hotel, enjoyed our stay at the Harbour Plaza Just returned from spending New Year in Hong Kong, staying at the Harbour Plaza. It would be difficult to find fault with this hotel, beautiful views and all the staff were polite and helpful. We took the airport express to Kowloon and then the free shuttle bus to the hotel, all well sign posted and no waiting, from landing to reaching our room took about 90 minutes. It is worth buying an Octopus Card at the airport, public transport in Hong Kong is very easy to use and cheap, we toured Hong Kong Island, took the Peak Tram and the ferries to outlying islands, used the metro and over 5 days it cost us 拢15. On arriving at the hotel the check in process was smooth and we were upgraded to Harbour Club Class on the 19th floor, do pay a little extra for the harbour view, this certainly made our stay. A ferry pier is 5 minutes from the hotel and you can go to both Central and Wan Chai from here, the only drawback is that these routes stop running about 8pm. This did not cause problems as the hotel runs a free shuttle service ( but do get to it early to get a seat) or public bus No 6 runs past the hotel, if all else fails it is a 25minute walk along the harbour front from the middle of Kowloon. For us the position of this hotel was not a problem, the quality, service, view and price were well worth any slight inconvenience. Loved Hong Kong and would stay at the Harbour Plaza again.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>hangar2jo
<Content>Fantastic Stay and Location Fantastic Stay at Harbour Plaza. Spent 7 days there and like others was a bit unsure about location, but it is perfect.The hotel offers a free shuttle service every 30 mins to TST and Harbour City area, and belive me at the end of a 'shopping' day in Kowloon it was wonderful to sit and watch the world go by from the harbour view room at the 'end of the bay' so to speak.We also walked one day to TST along the promenade which is so clean and tidy and only took 25 mins.Our room had an amazing view - cruise ships going past so close you could touch them...and as the hotel faces east - you get sun rise after sun rise.I think everyone has said it all before on their reviews and just look at the photos others have posted as it tells its own story.Great little coffee shop 'pacific coffee' just 1 min walk out the front door for a quick coffee and muffin etc. and a good shopping area2 mins walk for those bargins plus a supermarket in basement of ''jusco' for those snacks and nibbles.Staff very friendly and courteous and I would go back there with no hesitation at all. Location great. Hotel great. Christmas in Hong Kongis FANTASTIC!  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>traveljenben
<Content>Fantastic Hotel       exterior  
<Date>Dec 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>ProfSue
<Content>Wonderful hotel This is a wonderful hotel on the Kowloon side with spectacular views of the Hong Kong skyline IF you get the right room; ask for a harbor view room, then if you don't get a room with enough view of the skyline go back to the desk and ask for another one. We had to take a smoking room to get a great view, but the room didn't smell of smoke, and we only caught a whiff of smoke in the hall a couple of times. The only disadvantage is that it's not centrally located, however there is a bus every half hour to downtown, and from there it's an easy walk to the Star Ferry, several museums, and lots of shopping. Also, the free bus to/from the airport train comes by every half hour.The hotel restaurants are expensive, as hotel restaurants are, but there are a number of restaurants within a few blocks. The buffet breakfast is amazing but costs around US$35, and we weren't lucky enough to get the free upgrade as some other reviewers have reported.This is the second time I've stayed here and will again.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Brackenhill
<Content>Fantastic Hotel        The Hotel is the smaller blue building  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jimsydney
<Content>Another happy camper Based on previous reviews of this hotel we booked two rooms - one of our children and one for my wife and myself and stayed for 9 nights during December 2007 . The reviews were spot on and we all had a great time at a hotel that certainly looks after its customers. It probably isn't worth repeating a lot of what has been covered in previous posts except to say:1. Yes the hotel is a bit further out but its near the ferry, the hotel offers a free bus ride into the city at half hour intervals, and in any event the taxi ride from the centre of the city was only HK$30. My wife loved the location near a couple of parks where she joined in the morning tai chi rituals (I went swimming on the rooftop!)2. Our deal included breakfast at the 'club' on level 19 I think. This was a very well set out buffet catering for about 30/40 people but it was rarely more than half full. The food and service was fantastic - well worth it.2. Get an octupus card. public transport is quick, regular and easy to use - even to out of the way locations like the wetlands - new territories. This card is a debit card with the cost of the trip being taken out of the pre paid balance. The entrance to the stations, buses etc all have readers - just swipe your card to have the cost of the trip deducted - usually only HK$4/$5. We had a great time in Hong Kong and very glad we chose the Plaza - thanks to all previous reviewers!  
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BrendaWill
<Content>Excellent stay I contacted the hotel direct to book and specifically ask for a room with a good harbour view. When we arrived we were told we had been allocated a room on the 11th floor ,superior rooms,but after a short wait were told that we would be in a room on the executive 19th floor, including one free breakfast and one for 25% off.All for just under 拢100 per night. Check in staff very helpful and friendly as were all staff.The room was bigger than any other Hong Kong hotel room that we had stayed in on 8 previous ocassions.Lovely views across to the Island and the harbour but dont expect a good view of the lights at night as the windows are tinted.Breakfast was very good with great views from the Promenade cafe..Transport was no problem, the star ferry took longer(12 mins) to Central but gave a great all round view of both sides.We had a good stay and can thoroughly recommend the Harbour Plaza.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Thaitraveller
<Content>Just Great       The view from our room  
<Date>Dec 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Nicky-ps
<Content>Fantastic hotel We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights, with our two small children and this hotel is just superb! Great location, magnificent views, obliging staff, comfortable rooms... It really does have it all.I'd highly recommend this hotel to anyone planning on visiting Hong Kong. It's a jem...  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>steviec1211
<Content>Great value for money Stayed for 3 nights in this impressive hotel which anywhere else would merit 5 stars. Large lobby/check in area with a huge marble staircase and fountain. Very helpful staff and no delays checking in or out. The room was a superior room with views out over the harbour. (Fantastic) It was large with a huge king size bed and plenty of room to move around. The bathroom was also huge and both were very clean and comfortable. There are a choice of restaurants in the hotel plus an excellent small coffee shop. The choice and quality of food is extensive, especially in the downstairs buffet restaurant, but it is a little on the expensive side. I was concerned about the location as it is a bit away from the action in downtown Kowloon but I need not have worried as there is a free shuttle bus every half hour to Nathan road and the Star Ferry, plus the other ferry over to Hong Kong Island is only a five minute walk away. There is also a lovely roof top pool and Fitness room on the top of the Hotel with fantastic views over the city. Overall this place is excellent value for money offering a standard of comfort and service that you would pay at least three times as much for in central Kowloon or on the island. I would recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Ocoulisse
<Content>Just go!!! I've been to Harbour Plaza for 10 nights during an holiday trip.The hotel is beautiful, the lobby is not really big but is very impressive.Concierge, Ceck-in, out and Valet service: everything at its best.The food at everyone of the many restaurant is fantastic. I stayed in a superior room (garden wiev): it was big, really clean and well furnished. The size of the rooms is not the usual size of a chinese hotel room. Two big beds very comfortables. Housekeeping very helpful and efficent. The entire hotel is really really clean. Inside the bathroom everything was ok:cleanliness, furniture, shower, complimentary bath set. On the top floor (21.st floor) there is a deck pool not very big but with a faboulous wiev over the magnificent Victoria Harbour. The food served by the pool bar is very fine, maybe a little bit expensive. The pool has a side wall made by glass: if you are able to open your eyes under the water, you can see the unbelievable Skyline of Hong Kong. Fitness center: well equipped and with the same breathtaking wiev of the pool!!! What are you waiting for??? Go to Harbour Plaza!!!!  
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Gateway_12
<Content>Fantastic.... I absolutely loved the hotel....from the large reception area to the attentive staff. I stayed for 4 nights in late November and have absolutely no complaints.LocationIt is not in the hustle bustle of Kowloon or Hong Kong Isalnd, having said it is only a ferry ride/taxi/free shuttle service from the touristy areas. The ferry is 5 minutes away and goes to Hong Kong Island (several points). The free shuttle service runs every 30 minutes. Eating/RestaurantsI only had one meal (dinner) at the hotel, and it was a buffet meal at the Promenade, again no complaints. When I arrived. A room wasn't available, so they asked me to wait while a room was made up for me, and in the mean time I was offered a free complimentary drink, which was very much appreciated.Room. I was travelling alone but was given a twin room, where each bed was a double. Bathroom was fine, had a huge shower ( no bath).Overall, I have no complaints. It was a very popular hotel, it was very busy (staff still had time to chat/help etc). The reception is amazing, and there was a wedding reception almost every night, and the way the staircase was done up, looked great. Would definitely recoomend this place....  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Fahad81
<Content>Magnificent  The hotel has a greet modern building,. The facilities is absolutely stunning (i.e. Swimming pool, Sauna, Restaurants, Gym). Friendly staff, and a big reception so you don鈥檛 have to wait to be served. It is really what we call a 5 stars hotel. The ferries that take you to the Central District is 2 minutes walk. A lot of shops available around the area. The 2 things that I didn鈥檛 like about this hotel is 1. the lake of trust between them and the customers. For example, you have to pay 1000HKD (Additional to the room cost) as a deposit for each day !!! Which causes me some finical trouble. You have pay the cost of your room for each day in advance, other wise they will inactive your access card the next day.The other thing that I didn鈥檛 like about this hotel is the 2. pricing policy. The Internet Access is 150HKD per day !!. If you pay 1400HKD (i.e. What I paid for a Harbour View Room) don鈥檛 be surprise if they raise the price the next day for 1800HKD due to a festival occasion. And that is why I gave them 4 out of 5.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>4	2	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dgordsmith
<Content>Excellent experience We stayed twice in November, going to and coming from Australia. Both visits proved to be very enjoyable. We paid for a club room and found the extras to be well worth the money - no issues with slow check-ins as indicated in some other reviews for eaxample. On the second vist we were upgraded to a suite, which was generously proportioned for two. The rooms are very well maintained and spotlessly clean. The beds are very comfortable.Hotel location is good - a peaceful haven away from the bustle but only a 5 minute and cheap taxi ride from the busy areas. Ferry terminal is only 5 minutes walk away and proved useful.The staff were attentive and always willing to please.Overall an excellent experience.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>RibTime
<Content>Super Hotel Stayed here for 2 weeks and enjoyed every day. The first week I had harbour views from one of the upper floors.Great food and service.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>Holiday-lover50
<Content>Great hotel We spent two nights at this hotel at the beginning of November. We reserved a harvour view room and were not disappointed-the views were spectacular. We had breakfast in the room on both of the mornings we were there, overlooking the harbour.The location is great and from the airport there is a free shuttle bus which takes you directly to the hotel. There are amples of shops near the hotel and the cabs are so cheap you can go to other shopping areas for a couple of quid.Staff were attentive and helpful. There is a roof top pool which in itself is worth staying at the hotel for, you can see the whole city from up there.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	3	5	3	

<Author>Alderwasley
<Content>Great location This was our 5th trip to HK so we chose somewhere different to the Ritz Carlton for a change. Our deluxe harbour view room was more like a suite with a separate living room and second bathroom. Overall quality was good and the view unrestricted - although you're not directly opposite the main area of HK that offers the dazzling light show so it's not as dramatic. We stayed for 2 nights and didn't eat at the hotel so cannot comment. It's a large hotel and so it lacks character when compared to the Ritz Carlton so with the benefit of both, I would recommed the RC over the HP for that alone. As with all hotels of this standard in HK, the value for money is average. Staff in general were very friendly although we did have to wait to be acknowledged when checking in even though they were not busy. All in all, it's a clean, modern hotel, with lots of people coming and going, in a quiet part of Kowloon (Whampoa Gdns). Access to HK is via an easy 5 mins walk to the Star Ferry or a $20 (拢1.50) cab ride to central Kowloon  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	2	4	4	

<Author>donkeyGuernsey
<Content>Great hotel We only stayed in the hotel for one night in one of their club harbour view rooms. The hotel is excellent with great views over the harbour. The Star Ferry from Hung Hom to Wanchai or central is 5 minutes walk away along the seafront and the hotel runs various shuttle buses. However from a transport point of view you are not particularly close to the MTR and will need to rely on taxis if you are not prepared to wait for the ferry/shuttle buses. We had a very good meal in the hotels Chinese restaurant and I would thoroughly recommend the pork and pear main course that they received an award for in one of the local culinary competitions.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>YoungyEdinburgh
<Content>The Harbour Plaza was superb The Harbour Plaza was fantastic - a modern, comfortable and first class hotel. We stayed in Kolwoon and did not regret it as we had the best of both worlds. The ferry terminal to both North Point and Central is a short walk away and runs every 30 minutes. Equally the Hotel runs a courtesy bus to the Pinnacle in Kowloon every half hour which gives you access to all that's on offfer.The Hotel was excellent, great views over the harbour and food tremendous - if you want to eat in do and you wont regret it - but its easy to go out locally or by the bus and ferry to a variety of other restaurants.Could not fault this hotel and would happily recommend it to others.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Davidius
<Content>Excellent and modern. Excellent, efficient hotel with super views across the harbour to North Point and Causeway Bay. Distant views of the Convention Centre and Victoria Harbour. The Star Ferry from Hung Hom to Wanchai or central is 5 minutes walk away along the seafront.Modern, well-equipped rooms and bathrooms. Friendly, polite staff. We had a good rate via Expedia. If you don't want to pay expensive rates for breakfast, just walk down the street opposite and visit Pacific Coffee--plenty of croissants, juices, sandwiches and wonderful coffee/tea.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Madmumx2
<Content>Loved Harbour Plaza       Beatiful view from Harbour Room to wake up to each morning  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>geggs
<Content>Just go W stayed for 5 nights in October. The airport was easy to navigate with friendly and helpful staff ( the security staff put to shame the third world arrangements at Heathrow). One tip, make sure you collect the excellent local guide to HK, freely available in the airport. It contains all of the tourist destinations in chinese, necessary as most taxi drivers don't speak english.We used a prebooked coach transfer to the hotel. We didn't want to carry luggage across HK with our 10 month old. The system worked well and the journey (45 minutes) was enjoyable.The hotel is stunning. We had a superior room with a harbour view on the 17th floor. Spacious, well fitted and a large marble bathroom. Fabulour views from the room and indeed the entire hotel. The swimming pool is on the roof on the 22nd floor. Even if you don't swim, just go for the views, particularly at night. The pool closes at 8pm.We didn't eat in the hotel. Five minutes walk away is Whampoa Gardens with a separate block called the Gourmet Place. It has around 30 restaurants catering for all budgets and tastes, from dim sum to ox penis. And no, we didn't.As well documented by previous correspondents, the hotel is in the affluent end of Hung Hom and away from the tat of south Nathan Road. We welcomed this. It is a break from the assault on your senses which is HK, but never far - a 5 minute walk, to the Hung Hom ferry terminal with direct ferries to North Point and Central.Excellent walks fom the hotel, particularly east along the waterfront. You can literally walk for miles if you want. Very safe and evocative at night.You expect 5 star bar prices at 5 star hotels, even in cheap HK, but the Waterfront Bar offers happy hour between 5-8.30pm which brings a cocktail or a pint of Stella to around 拢2. Not bad by any standards. The views from the bar are phenominal, arrive early for a front row table. But feel sorry for the entertainers who have to play inside to empty tables because everyone wants to sit outside. Don't worry, there's no karaoke.From check in to check out, the staff and Concierge were first class. It makes me so unhappy with what passes for service in British hotels.I am quite sure that all of the 5 star hotels offer great service and facilities, but don't be at all put off by the hotel location, it's an asset.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>hobbitsky
<Content>Beautiful location and hotel this hotel is in a lovely area with nice restaurants in the hotel or around. The room we had overlooking the courtyard was spaceous and very clean. You can book a harbour view room but as we were either in the rooftop pool which overlooks the harbour or walking the area felt it wasn't worth the extra expense. The boardwalk area also overlooks the harbour and is quite beautiful especially at night. A ferry is only a few steps away. The free shuttle service is OK but does not go to the ladies markets etc so you have to find your own way. Taxi's are very cheap but make sure you have someone write your destination point and take the hotel address in Chinese as many do not speak english. The shuttle does however take you to Kowloon Station where they book you in for your flight and take your luggage and then you can take the express train to the airport. Very easy but leave plenty of time. From leaving the hotel till arriving at the gate of departure at the airport it took 4 hours. We had a transfer booked on our arrival and found this very messy as you have to walk a long way to reach the buses with your luggage. the train option was quicker as once you collect your luggage on arrival you just walk straight to the train just outside that area and hop on the train to Kowloon Station which is about a 20 minute ride and they have free shuttles to most hotels there. If however, your hotel is not amongst the free shuttles again a taxi is a very cheap mode of transport.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Zowie_F
<Content>Great Hotel with fantastic views Very good hotel with a roof top pool and terrace which is lovely. Our very nice, spacious room was on 17th flr overlooking the harbour so we had great view. When we arrived we were on the 9th flr with a less good view - we asked to be moved and it wasn't a problem for the very friendly staff at all.A couple of reviews have mentioned the location of this hotel. It is out of the main area but the transport links to / from the hotel are very good so we didn't find it a problem at all. The Star ferry to 'Central' and 'North Point' on Hong Kong Island is in front of the hotel and the hotel provides a free shuttle bus to Tsim Sha Tsui every 1/2 hr (takes less than 10 mins). We were only in HK for 2 days and the location was fine.One tip - if you arrive at HK airport - get the Airport Express train to Kowloon Train Station and then get the free transfer bus from the front of the station (one level up) which takes you straight to the hotel. Whole trip is less than an hr.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MonikafromSurrey
<Content>Impressive !! My husband and I stayed here for 3 nights in early September, on our way to Samui, Thailand. We stayed in a Club Harbourview Room on the 19th floor and liked it. The room looked smaller than on the hotel's website and the bathroom was quite dated. However, the view over the Victoria Harbour was as good as promised. We used the Club Lounge a couple of times and were satisfied with the choice of snacks and food at breakfast. However, the choice of drinks was rather limited and we had to ask specially for mineral water. They brought us 2 little bottles on the first occasion but afterwards only served it in a tiny glass (one at a time). Really strange. The hotel offers a complimentary shuttle bus service to the Airport Express station and a city centre in Kowloon. It was handy when we wanted to go shopping and move around the area. The Concierge Desk had few tours to offer and helped us to book a last minute trip to Lantau Island. Good choice. One evening we had drinks and sat outside at the Waterfront Bar. It was lovely and we even got tempted with some appetizers in the end. We didn't regret it. Overall, it's an impressive hotel but we would be tempted to try a different one next time, for example Shangri-La in Kowloon.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>PoosieMelbourne
<Content>Brilliant! What a great hotel!! Feeling terrible after a 10 hour flight from Europe arriving at about 7am and with no hotel booked for HK, we found a great deal on the web for this hotel. We couldn't believe it when they checked us in straight away which was worth its weight in gold. Great service! The hotel is in Hung Hom which is a little distant from Kowloon, but the hotel offers a free shuttle to Kowloon every 1/2 hour so that's not a problem. The bus to the airport train shuttle does free pick up/drop offs at the hotel as well. It's a 5 minute walk to catch the ferry to Hong Kong Island. We had a harbour view room - and what a view! The room had everything we wanted. The pool and gym were great as well, but it was the service which was best - everyone spoke English and were very helpful and friendly. Thorooughly recommended!!  
<Date>Sep 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mikefre3
<Content>what a view we stayed at harbour plaza at easter this year. if it is a 4 star then the 5 stars must be something . the main features of this hotel are the views - it is situated kowloon side of victoria harbour and if in a harbour view room - which we were , the views of hong kong island and the harbour are fantastic especially at night when the lights from the shipping and the skyscrapers make a great show.There is also a rooftop swimming pool ( on about the 25th floor - everything in hong kong is high) with a glass side - again with great views over the harbour.The lobby area is also v.luxurious and hosted a number of weddings while we were there.The hotel is also next to the hung hom ferry terminal where you can get the star ferry across to hong kong island. The whampoa gardens shopping complex is also adjacent, this is mainly underground and enormous with a massive chinese supermarket which to our western eyes was a really interesting and unusual experience and we could have spent hours more browsing around if we,d have had time.This is a highly recopmmended stopover to or from oz.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Hammers
<Content>Ideal for a stop over in Hong Kong My wife and I stayed at the Harbour Plaza as a stop over on our way home from New Zealand. The hotel met all our requirements which was mainly somewhere to relax after 5 weeks travelling; and we were not disappointed with our choice. The hotel is positioned away from the main hassle in a quieter part of Kowloon. An early morning swim (the pool is on the 22nd floor) sets you up for a days exploration. There is a local ferry terminal, very close by, which provides a fascinating journey to Hong Kong Island from where all the main tourist attractions can be visited. If you require to travel into Kowloon the hotel provides a free shuttle bus with conveniently placed drop off points. Taxi's are a way of life and therefore are very reasonable should you require another part of town. After a days sightseeing we returned to the hotel for the evening Happy Hour (more than welcome when the temperature exceeds 33 C) and the main restaurants provided an adequate selection of meals if you decided to stay local for the evening. Alas 4 days is a very small time in Hong Kong but we will return to both Hong Kong and the Harbour Plaza.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Warby40
<Content>Great view over the harbour       A bit of luxury  
<Date>Sep 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>BJB1945
<Content>Excellent Hotel and Great Location We stayed here for four nights on a round the world trip. The hotel is very modern, very stylish and located across the water from the main city. Its only a few minutes from the ferry so also very convenient. Our room was large, very comfortable with excellent views of Hong Kong Island and the ever-changing scene of boats, junks etc. The bathroom was huge, marble and had a walk in shower and separate bath. We ate in the restaurant one evening, and the food was good, but not special. Its buffet style. There was a wedding going on, which provided endless amusement and interest. There is a roof top pool with spectacular views and plenty of sun beds. We would return to this hotel for its quiet location after the frantic pace of the city.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>trip-impaler
<Content>Hate this place Dirty hotel with sneaky, stupid employees. I actually found a condom under the bed. Five star exterior, three star hotel room and one star management.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	3	3	1	1	1	

<Author>AnneandRich
<Content>First Class City Hotel We stayed at the Harbour Plaza Hotel for three nights in April 2007. My family (husband, sister and parents) and I had been visiting relatives in New Zealand and decided to have a few nights in Hong Kong on the way back to England. We had an amazing time - falling in love with both the hotel and the city itself. We have stayed in many hotels, but the Harbour Plaza was certainly the best hotel I've ever stayed in. We arrived at the hotel at 7.30am after a 13 hour flight, fully prepared to have to wait for a good few hours until we got our rooms (we had already decided that we would go to the pool/spa for a relax!), but were amazed when we were shown instantly to our rooms.The facilities and service at the hotel was first class - there were staff everywhere and they couldn't do enough for us.We went on three trips (all booked with the concierge using the leaflets on the desk at the front of the hotel), two evenings (shopping/sightseaing/boat tour/meal etc) and one daytime (sightseeing), which were all excellent. We were picked up and dropped off at the hotel, and shown around the sights by an english speaking tour guide (who was very funny). Doing these tours made us feel that although we only spent a short time in Hong Kong, we saw all the top sights.I would highly recommend this hotel - it is expensive, but definatly worth every penny!  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DannyDLondon
<Content>Fantastic hotel - couldn't fault it I don't often give a hotel five stars, so coming from me this is high praise indeed.The experience was faultless and the quality excellent.We booked a club room on the 18th floor with harbour views, and it was well worth the upgrade. Absolutely stunning views, and great room. Don't miss the pool on the roof with more harbour views and the breakfast buffet which was excellent.Things to bear in mind:- This hotel is on the Kowloon side, which isn't really a problem, because transportation to the Hong Kong side is great, but you should be aware in case you want to room in the absolute centre.- If you are continuing your journey into the mainland from here, it makes sense to use Shenzhen airport because flights from here to other Chinese cities are much cheaper than HK airport - because they are considered domestic. There are ferries from Kowloon to Shenzhen (roughly 1 hour), but our taxi driver advised us that there is a new road from Hong Kong to Shenzhen, which is much quicker and easier to use (opened 2 weeks ago). Unfortunately for us, we already had the ferry booked, but it was a pleasant experience, and Chinese immigration took minutes on the Shenzhen side.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>t16tomcat
<Content>Very recommendable hotel This is a nice modern hotel, with a good choice of restaurants and a good view, if you get a harbour view room.The place is modern and quite grand, plenty of marble and wide, light corridors. It would be an ideal business hotel.We went there as the first port of call for our honeymoon, and booked a Harbour Club room, you get a personal registration area, afternoon tea, evening buffet and private breakfast area and it is well worth taking advantage of and you are made very welcome. Breakfast and evening buffets are well worth doing.We did not however realise that it is quite a long way round the harbour and is not within walking distance of the famous hotels near the star ferry terminal. It is within the Hung Hom district. This meant that other than the hotels own restaurants, five if I remember, there is not much else unless you take a taxi ride. The Japanese Robatayaki restaurant is very good as is their own Chinese 鈥?Hoi Yat Heen, but both are quite expensive. The Waterfront bar is more reasonably priced for both food and drinks. There is a ferry terminus just outside so you can quickly get to the Hong Kong island ferry terminal in about 10 minutes and as taxis are so cheap and plenty full in Hong Kong access to other parts of the city is easy. One final thought, we went at the beginning of August 07, not a good time for a tourist as it is in Typhoon season and very hot and humid. The rooftop swimming pool is a great feature, but we were unable to use it, as with a typhoon warning in the area (only a grade 1, they go up to 10 !) they closed it for fear of lightning strikes.Overall a good tourist hotel, great features and as long as your mind is not set on a Tsim Shat Sui area hotel on the harbour front. a great one that is not too expensive. Finally, we booked through Asiarooms.com who offer some great deals and a easy to work with, however do not expect an immediate response as they are an agent. It takes 24 - 48 hrs and they debit your credit card before booking and the hotel is not always available.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>V0yager
<Content>Consistantly Good I have stayed at the Harbour Plaza many times over the past 7 years for business and it is always a consistently good hotel. It's located on the Kowloon side of Hong Kong but this doesn't really matter because:1) You get a great view of Hong Kong Island (depending upon the humidity level that is) from your hotel room.2) The hotel is very conveniently located next to a ferry terminal from which you can get across to the main island. This is a great way to arrive to the centre of Hong Kong.3) The hotel is well away from the bustle of Hong Kong's main thoroughfares.All in all a very good place to stay when in HK.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>buncey47
<Content>Loved the Plaza Stayed at the Harbour Plaza for two weeks in August - room 1830 on the Harbour Club level. Mid size room with huge bed and nice bathroom. Fantastic views of the harbour - we could spend hours watching the various boats and ferrys . It was nice to be able to start the day with the buffet breakfast before hitting the hot and humid streets of Hong Kong. All the staff we spoke to were very effiecient - we were asked for a late check out and were able to extend our stay till 6pm with out charge. We only used the pool once but it is great to get up on the roof for the fantastic views. We took a day trip to Macua on the day the recent typhoon came Hong Kongs way so were forced to stay over night - took a room at the Wynn ( see seperate review) We book a limo to and from the airport directly- approx 拢70 returnit was a nice way to see Hong Kong.We had a fantastic 2 weeks in Hong Kong and would definatley stay here again.If anyone wants any more info please contact me  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>World_Cup_Wanderer
<Content>Fantastic Harbour Views We chose this hotel for its value and views of the harbour, and we were not disappointed in any way. The views of the harbour are just fantastic. Note that we did book a harbourside room.The comfort and amenities at the hotel lived up to expectations. Everything that one expected was available and easily accessible.One thing to be aware of with this hotel is that it is a little out of the way from rail stations - and should not be confused with the like named Harbour Plaza Metropolis nearby (sister hotel). However, the hotel is located close to the Hung Hom star ferry terminal, and this provides easy and convenient transport access to the rest of HKs transportation systems. We pretty well used the ferry each day to start and end our outings, and linked up with the subway system from HK central.There are nice restuarants with outdoor dining within the hotel precinct, and these generally have a wonderful outlook over the harbour. For those who like to relax with a view, it is hard to top the pool deck on the roof, wihich has fantastic views of the harbour and the benefit of cooling breezes as one takes in the view - day or night.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>azertyuiop
<Content>cannot fault the place me and my daughter just got back from hk and the harbour plaza. i cannot fault the hotel and its staff at all. some reviews said it was a little far out but we found it just right. the free hotel shuttle bus runs every half hour and the star ferry terminal is two minutes walk away.and you cannot tire of riding the star ferry. i will stop here again when i go back to hk.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Pinaki
<Content>Great hotel experience       View through the window (18th floor)  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>WhizzKidUK
<Content>Second to none       View  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>lassie
<Content>Great hotel       View from rooftop pool  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	2	

<Author>joozy1
<Content>Fantastic hotel - especially the staff I've been meaning to write a review of the Harbour Plaza ever since we've returned from Hong Kong in mid-June but have been terribly lazy. However, the last two reviews have prompted me to offer a defence of the Harbour Plaza staff.To start with the basics, the Harbour Plaza is a fantastic hotel. The views from the rooms on the Harbour side are breath-taking, the decor is very good, the roof-top pool is brilliantly scary and the rooms are sizeable and comfy.What really made the Harbour Plaza stand out, though, was the service my girlfriend and I received on the final day of our holiday. Unfortunately, my girlfriend took ill during our final night at the Harbour Plaza. Eventually, she was so ill that I had to phone the duty manager and request a doctor. This was arranged very quickly and the doctor told us that my girlfriend would have to go to the hospital.Having made it to the hospital, my girlfriend had to undergo a number of tests and I realised that we would not be able to check out of the hotel on time. I then phoned the hotel to explain this, fully expecting that I'd have to pay something extra for late check-out - after all, this is a big bad hotel company isn't it?In actual fact, they couldn't have been more helpful. They told me that we could keep the room as long as was necessary for no extra cost. Thankfully, my girlfriend was discharged at approximately 5pm (with a small medicine cabinet's worth of drugs and a diagnosis - she'll live but she might need an op) and we made our way back to the Harbour Plaza. On our return, the staff could not have been more concerned or helpful. They all deserve immense credit - but special thanks must go to the superb duty manager.We eventually checked out at around 9pm and caught our flight back home at midnight. Thankfully, the sleeping pills that the hospital had gave my girlfriend ensured that she slept for approximately 10hours of the 12 hour flight.Now we just have to try and deal with the NHS..... anyone have a link to NHSAdvisor.com???  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Travelscan
<Content>Check you bill and don't use the phone! For a five star hotel this is good value. We had a great room on the 16th floor overlooking the harbour. The room was a good size with comfortable beds and all the usual fittings - bar fridge, safe, iron, hairdryer etc. The general tone of the hotel was high class with lots of marble and gold chandeliers. \The buffet breakfast is good but get there early as not much is left by the 10 o'clock closing time. The Promenade Resturant buffet dinner is great value with unlimited softdrink, wine and beer for an extra $HK68. Book early as it is very popular with the locals.Check your bill carefully when departing as we were charged twice for breakfast. Also beware of the hotel telephone system. In Hong Kong local calls are free but this hotel charges $HK6 per call from your room. Also do not use a phone card with an 800 freecall number as they charge $HK30 per call onto your bill. Go down to the lobby and use the public phones for $HK1 a call. Fair value, nice decor, great views but check your bill and don't use the phones.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>tdmksg
<Content>So, so poor customer service We stayed here on the last leg of a 3-week journey to China. The customer service at check in was very poor. We found the staff to be very arrogant and uncaring. They had a take it or leave it attitude from the beginning. They were to arrange an airport transfer for us and when we arrived in the lobby the next morning the manager the night before did not make the reservation. The family suite was very small and the sofa bed was so bad we pulled that mattress out and the kids slept on the floor. Be aware of this hotel. The staff is not what you would expect from a 5 star hotel!!!  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	3	4	1	3	-1	

<Author>wanchaiSydney
<Content>Star staff member was the Sikh doorman, Panni ! Just returned from a six night stay at the Harbour Plaza Hong Kong with my two daughters 12 and 16. First impressions were good, luxurious feel about the place, crystal chandeliers, beautiful harbourfront location, extensive use of marble etc. On arrival, we were shown to our room which was supposed to be a deluxe harbour view room on club level with three beds. We found a very cramped corner room with only two beds and a slight glimpse of water between two buildings and no extra bed nor room to put one in there. Three people would have been very cramped in this room ! I immediately returned to reception to complain (coincidentally, I had seen mention of this practice on previous reviews of this hotel of them trying to palm people off with inferior rooms so, I was already alerted to this possibility)After lengthy argument with the staff who insisted we had the correct room for our booking we were finally shown to the room we should have had in the first place which was a fairly spacious room (by HK standards) on the 16th floor with a third bed already in place. The view was fabulous with a spectacular view of Victoria Harbour.My second daughter was to sleep on a rollaway bed and after one night she complained of back pain. The bed was very uncomfortable and the springs were poking through onto the mattress. We decided to ask for this bed to be removed in order to provide more floor space in the room and she would share a king single bed with me which was not entirely satisfactory but better than suffering from back pain. So, after paying extra for a rollaway bed my daughter and I had to share the king single which was also actually quite uncomfortable with lumpy parts and springs evident in some places. Not what one would expect from a 5 Star hotel. We were also challenged twice on why we had asked for the rollaway bed to be removed and told that we would still have to pay for it as it had been requested by us. All unecessary stress and hassle I could have done without. Also ,despite displaying the 'do not disturb' sign on our door the room maids still knocked and asked us if we needed our room making up that day or not.Overall, I liked the hotel and its facilites and location, some of the staff were great, especially concierge and door staff but, I don't know whether it was the five star experience I expected and it certainly wasn't hassle free ! I would have second thoughts about staying there again.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	2	3	3	

<Author>Ree006
<Content>Loved it!       Waterfront  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>agasaga
<Content>Superb Hotel Went on our first visit to Hong Kong in May 07 - spent 4 nights at the the Plaza in Whompoa Gardens - absolutely terrific - the ambience the staff everything was lovely more than our expectations - we arrived early in the morning and checked in at about 9.30am and even though it was an early check in a room was made available straight away - infact we had a free upgrade to a room overlooking the Harbour and Hong Kong Island.- priceless. The four days we spent in Hong Kong will be memorable but the Hotel was the icing on the cake. Breakfast was a feast - courtesy bus every half hour to Tsimshatsui. Ferry to Hong Kong Island just outside the door. The Esplanade outside was a delightful place to sit in the evening overlooking the Harbour and the view. Staff were lovely and when the receptionist found out it was my husbands birthday -cake and wine arrived at our door with a lovely birthday card which we will treasure. The Plaza a definite must - only one question where is the fourth floor?  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>laurawellcoolstuff
<Content>better than the first time :) I have just returned back from my second stay at Harbour Plaza HK, and it was just as good/ if not better than my first stay.The hotel staff,bell boy, door men, and concierce are helpful from the second you arrive (I felt way too common to have the door held open for me each time we entered or left the building) but everyone is so welcoming and friendly. It really is a good impression that sticks in your mind.I previously emailed the hotel to request a room on a high floor. Upon arrival, I was so pleased to find we had been placed in a spacious harbour view room on the 17th floor (the club floor) which had 2 king beds. Wow!As nice as the room was, I couldn't wait to go to the pool. The power shower feels wonderful after a longhaul flight, but the bath is large aswell. Yes, the pool is not particularly gigantic, but it's enough to do a few lengths, and relax in the jacuzzi section. The view is far too magnificent to worry about the size of pool. If you don't fancy a swim, you can relax on one of the many sunlounger and enjoy a drink or meal. The corner cafe, Whampoa lounge, and harbour front terrace are a pleasure to eat at. Granted it's more pricey than eating outside the hotel, but the delicious and quick food, and the staff's welcoming and charm are worth the extra price.As everyone else has mentioned, there are hundreds of cheap dining options around the whampoa area.There is an excellent cafe/bar alongside the harbour next to the Hung Hom ferry terminal. They serve cheap street food, sandwiches, snacks, and it is a good spot to people watch. The surrounding area is filled with interesting things to see, and at night time we felt completely safe to wander around at 3am. There seems to be a high presence of security guards dotted around.Coming back late at night or in the day time was simple and cheap by using taxi, the hotel shuttle bus to Hankow Rd, or ferries to North Point or Central. For those of you staying up late with jet lag, there is a good selection of tv channels in the room to keep you busy. And you can order snacks through the night,One morning we had the breakfast buffet in the room, it was tasty and a wide selection, although I would not have paid that amount to eat it each morning, as it wouldn't be worth it.it would be extremley hard to find fault with the hotel or it's staff.Hope everyone else has a magical and trouble free stay like I did ^^  
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>gary25
<Content>Loved the rooms and hospitality I had read great reviews on Harbour Plaza HK and that's why I decided to stay here. And I have to say I was not dissapointed.The Hotel has a great location (in Hong Hum area), 5 mins from Kowloon Bay which is like a centre for most of the activities in HP HK has one of the best views of HK frm the lobby itself. Wait till you check in to your rooms. I was living there with my family for 2 days and all of us had a good time.The restaurants are quite expensive and if with family u can always eat out. Nevertheless, there are plenty of shops outsid ein the market and convenience stores so eating out is never a problem.The conceirge was particularly very helpful in telling us directions and modes of travel etc.The Door people happened to be of my nationality hence finding special cuisine restaurants and places to shop was very convenient.All in all, we had a great time and would love to stay at HP next time we are in HK.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>andyandval07
<Content>Very Good Hotel       kowloon side star ferry  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>S3CR3T3X3C
<Content>Great hotel, will stay again The Harbour plaza is a godsend in expensive Hong Kong: a great hotel with fine, clean, modern rooms with well above average service. My family and I stayed here recently and I am absolutely sure we'll be back. What we liked: - great quiet location right on the harbor - overall price was great for what we got - close to star ferry - very clean, modern and efficient - nice people, good service and very helpful staff - very close via taxi to Tsimshatsui / Mongkok What we did not like so much: - nickle and diming on fees/charges --every thing is an extra fee (we could not get breakfast included or airport pickup or laundry or internet...). These costs balloon quickly which is, I am sure, what they were intending :-(- large business convention type crowds -- we were there when a huge Russian sales group descended on the hotel...- the rooftop pool is a teeny little job which does have great views (actually incredible views...) but is about the size of a child's wading pool in many places I have visited. I would like to add that the Harbour Plaza is a solid 4+ star hotel but if you've stayed at the HKG Grand Hyatt or the Island Shangri La you may be a little disappointed. There is a certain finesse/luxury orientation that is missing. As in any places in Hong Kong, there is a lot of mirror, marble, chrome and shiny glass but perhaps not the overall finish one would expect of a 5 star place in the Orient. That said, this is where we wil stay when we go to HKG again. We liked this place.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Torchy
<Content>Superb in every way Having read some of the earlier, not too kind reviews, I wondered if I had done the right thing in booking 8 nights at this hotel.Our experience at the Harbour Plaza was nothing short of brilliant, I can only assume that those who complained about the service may have an attitude problem.We booked the limo service from the airport at a cost of 拢33, where else could you get a Merc and driver for such a small cost and it is a great start to the holiday after an 11 hour flight.The staff at the hotel were at all times friendly, helpful and very efficient, at no times was anything ever too much touble. I will certainly stay there again if I am in HK, we both felt that the hotel was a haven to come back to after a hectic day in the city. The hotel itself was wonderful and certainly merited its 5 stars and the position overlooking the harbour was breathtaking.Hong Kong is a great place with so much to do, the Peak both day and night is a must and the markets at Mong Kok are amazing if you like the hustle and bustle of life in 90 degrees.Public transport is great fun, easy to use, very clean and very cheap, literally only pence per trip.All in all a wonderful holiday and by the way Hong Kong must have one of the best airports in the world, certainly the best that we have ever used. The score for this hotel is the highest that I have ever given  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lissalouevha
<Content>Great hotel with stunning views Harbour Plaza is on Kowloon side and although not in the heart of everything, is in a nice quiet location and only a free shuttle or short taxi ride to everything. Hotel rooms are quite large and modern with most having gorgeous harbour views. Restaurant on Ground floor with 3 story floor to ceiling windows that allows the morning sun to stream through. Staff are friendly and helpful. I would definitely stay here again and have recommended to others.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>dorothiefay
<Content>We loved the Harbor Plaza Hong Kong We just returned from a week in Hong Kong and a had wonderful experience at the Harbour Plaza Hotel. Besides a good value for the money, the hotel is beautiful and the service was fabulous!The rooms are spacious, clean and comfortable. But most of all, the Harbour views from the rooms are magnificant. The pool also has spectacular view and spa ( which is relaxing after a 20 hour journey).We enjoyed the location and cannot imagine why someone would want to stay on Nathan Road ( which is very congested).The short shuttle ride to the Nathan Road is very dependable. However, Taxi's are plentiful, cheap and airconditioned.......we found ourselves taking taxi's more to save time since we only had a week to explore Hong Kong and it was around 90 degrees with high humidity.  
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Niffud
<Content>Believe the reviews Having not been to Hong Kong before and not knowing the lie of the land this was a bit of a stab in the dark, based on reading lots of traveller reviews. I can't remember why I finally plumped for the Harbour Plaza Hong Kong, and when I worked out where the hotel was I was (Hunghom, Kowloon) a little worried, but this was proven to be completely unfounded. We arrived at the hotel early - around 7 am and were therefore able to check in but not able to have our room until midday. We were offered another room, but decided to wait until our pre-booked room was ready (this did of course mean that we had five hours after an eleven hour flight wandering around HK in the same clothes...). Just enough time to visit a tailor and arrange to have a bespoke dress made for the following day.The room, on the eight floor (fortuitous, eh?), did not disappoint. We had a perfect view out over the harbour and it's traffic, and the most vital component in any room, the bed, was just lovely. The pool's as it looks in the pictures, but I have to confess that it was a little too breezy up on the roof when we were there to try it. The fitness suite is also very impressive.The breakfast is good (if a little pricey), but there's lots of choice and you can have as much as you want - although I wouldn't go for the room service option - this was a little sparce.The guys on the door are charming and will help you with most things with that touch of inside knowledge that you need when a stranger in town, and the fact that the hotel practically has its own Star Ferry pier, just tops it all off. There's a shuttle bus that drops off in TST and cabs are cheap so there's no problem with getting around. Do make sure that you've made arrangements for getting back to the airport though since our taxi was a surprising $HK 333.I have not stayed elsewhere in Hong Kong but would not object to having my room overlooking the harbour returned to me as I left it two weeks ago. Twas just what we needed.  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>san_diego_travels
<Content>Fabulous Service, Fantastic Hotel We booked our Harbourview room through the Hotel's website after reading the reviews on TripAdvisor. After visiting polluted, hectic Beijing, staying in Hong Kong at the quiet, off-the-beaten path Harbour Plaza was a real treat! The Harbour Plaza has gorgeous views from the moment you enter the hotel. We were cordially greeted by reception, the concierge was always beyond helpful, and the buffet breakfast was varied and delicious (not cheap, but worth it if you're hungry).The view from our room was to die for, and spacious. The bathroom was large with a separate tub and shower. Only minus was the lack of free wireless internet (of course you can pay for access).And the pool is, of course, fantastic! As you will read in almost every review... The hotel is VERY conveniently located to the Star Ferry, which we took to Central, and while that neighborhood is fun, I was so happy to be staying in the more quiet Whampoa district at Harbour Plaza. We had tea at Hong Kong's Peninsula and Mandarin Oriental hotels, and I can tell you that Harbour Plaza easily rivals-- if not exceeds-- both in terms of ambiance and customer service. My friend even got her Chinese visas taken care of by the hotel while we were out sightseeing! Overall, an excellent experience and a GREAT value for the price. I can't wait to visit Hong Kong again and will definitely stay at Harbour Plaza!  
<Date>May 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>raquelrattle
<Content>More like a 4 star than a 5 star I stayed at this hotel with my mum for 6 nights in May 2007. Overall, we felt the hotel deserved a 4 star rating; we have stayed in plenty of 5 star hotels and this one just didn't stand up to those.Good things about this hotel:1. The hotel is in a decent enough area with plenty of shops and restaurants within walking distance - two supermarkets about 2 mins walk away. 2. There is a star ferry terminal about 2 mins walk away from which you can get ferries to Central and Wan Chai. 3. The courtesy bus runs every 30 mins from about 7am to 11pm and drops you by The Peninsula hotel, but even so, a taxi only costs about 拢2.50!4. The hotel is on the harbourfront and there are only a few hotels in HK that can boast that.5. A roof top swimming pool giving amazing views.6. The hotel is in a quiet location with a proper forecourt so when you step out of the front door you are not straight onto a busy road like you would be if you stayed anywhere in Tsim Sha Tsui or Central.HOWEVER, we had a BIG problem with the lights in our room. The majority of lights are controlled by an electronic touch pad by the bed and our lights kept coming on on their own, in the middle of the night! The first night, we thought maybe we had done it in our sleep or something! However, by the second night, after being woken up SIX times by this, I asked housekeeping to have a look at them - this was about 9.30am. About 9pm that night when we returned to the hotel I phoned housekeeping and asked if someone had looked at the lights. I didn't explain to that particular person what the problem was though, however, he seemed to know the problem very well indeed! Anyway, no-one had looked at the lights and they sent an engineer (please bear in mind that this was 12 horus after my first request). He fiddled with something, said it was fixed and went. Ten minutes later, the lights came on again! The engineer came back and fiddled with something else. Ten minutes later, the lights come on again. By this time, it was 11pm and I had run out of patience. I spoke to the duty manager who arranged for us to change rooms, but because of the late hour, we got very little sleep. Plus the aircon unit was very noisy.I am convinced that the hotel knew about the problem with the lights in that room, but still put us in there. I would love to hear from anyone who had the same problem!The breakfast buffet was average and we chose to stick to a continental breakfast as the sausages looked anaemic and the bacon was full of fat. The waiter topped my cup of tea up with coffee and then gave me a funny look when I asked for a fresh cup with tea in it. Ten minutes later, he did the same thing to my mum's cup of tea!The evening buffet was quite good though and not at all expensive.The hotel host a lot of weddings which was nice to see, however because they use the first floor mezzanine area as the reception area, if you want to go to the lounge bar (on the first floor) you have no choice but to walk through someone's wedding reception!A small word of warning - a lady's handbag was stolen from the cafe bar on the ground floor. She told me that someone distracted her and then someone else took her bag.  
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>ozintokyo
<Content>So So Overall I was looking forward to staying at the Hotel but the hotel itself is nothing special. Firstly the reception staff were not helpful or friendly at all on arrival. Actualy they made me feel very uncomfortable. The room itself on the Club floor was a harbor view and although not picture perfect it was very nice. The room itself is dated, old and in need of a renovation. The Club floor receptionists are not friendly nor helpful at all. The distance from downtown was fine and I used taxis. On checkout I paid a portion of the bill in cash and the balance on credit card. I was charged the full amount on my credit card. When I said again that I had paid nearly US$800 in cash (just less than 30 seconds before) The receptionist said that I didnt!! Very strange behaviour! Anyway it all got sorted out, but I felt like I had done something wrong! no apolagy at all, just a sour look from the staff! Overall not really impressed at all and would not stay here again!  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	2	2	2	

<Author>SanFranciscoExplorer
<Content>Harbour Plaza excellent value and oasis We booked the Harbour Plaza after reading solid, positive reviews on Trip Advisor. We are expecting a high standard and were not disappointed by the hotel or the staff.First: after we reserved and paid through Expedia, (which usually results in the worst room in the house, in this case an obstructed, partial view), the staff obligingly changed our room to a full harbour view. Then: when an emergency at home forced us to change our tickets and return a day early, the staff at the business center spent hours making all the arrangements. The women there are the most capable travel coordinators I have ever experienced at a hotel and I've been travelling internationally on business for 30 years!Many reviews talk about the location being out of the way. It's true, that after taking the Star Ferry back late at night, the WanChai docks are closed and you must go to the Kowloon docks then take a cab back to the hotel. This is a 10 minute inconvenience. All other times, the WanChai docks are, literally, a 2 minute walk from the hotel front door - but, around a building's corner so aesthetically out of sight. Cabs are plentiful. The hotel has a free shuttle to Airport Express that runs every 12 minutes. Very convenient for departure.We experienced the hotel's location as an asset. The harbour location is spectacular. There is no traffic noise. We were 2 business women travelling together and we felt absolutely safe and comfortable. I would have felt comfortable staying there alone.The setting of the Harbour Plaza is lovely. I particularly appreciated being in an urban hotel but looking out the window and not seeing building across the street. The overall feeling is that of an oasis. I loved the feeling of openess. The hotel feels like a resort, right in the middle of Hong Kong.The rooftop pool is a pleasure. Don't miss it.We upgraded to the concierge floor and ate breakfast in the club room. It was only OK. Tasty selection but limited variety. The buffet in the gorgeous lobby downstairs, directly on the water, looks delicious, but we never tried it.The room was business-upscale. Very comfortable. Normal and what you would expect from a 5 star in Hong Kong. Unlike the beds throughout most of China which are rock-hard, these beds were blissfully comfortable. Great pillows. Our room had 2 queen-sized beds and a generous, attractive bathroom. Great shower.Uniformly, the staff was attentive, cooperative, eager to be of service, knowledgeable and a pleasure to interact with. If you have tourist hours, don't miss the Hong Kong Museum of History. After 4 hours there, I was hungry for more! A big surprise as I expected to be in-out and on to the next attraction. We also enjoyed the Bird Market. Skip the Temple Street Market which is a junk-pile of cheap, tourist items. The Stanley Street Market isn't much better but the ride to get there is interesting.We found a private guide on the web and found a day with him to be invaluable. Facinating information on history and also present-day life in Hong Kong. I highly recommend a day's walking tour of Central.Another reviewer wrote that the air pollution in Hong Kong is omnipresent. This is true. A plume of bad air from the manufacturing centers in Guangzhou and its industrial corridor washes down across Hong Kong. It's surprising that the air quality there is so poor considering that the city is on the ocean. You can easily read local opinions. The air quality is becoming a serious issue for business recruitment as people with young families don't wish to have their children exposed to this level of pollution. The week before we were there, the head of the HK Philharmonic Orchestra quit because he needed to take his children to a cleaner city.That said, we had a marvelous time in Hong Kong on a business trip with a couple of tourist days added on. The Harbour Plaza was a large part of our positive experience. Highly recommended!  
<Date>May 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lcd75
<Content>Fantastic place to stay! Stayed here on a stopover. The hotel is very grand and the staff are very attentive and welcoming. The choice of restaurants in the hotel is good although quite expensive but their buffet was excellent.The pool and gym facilities are very good and overlook the harbour.The hotel shuttle bus is frequent and very reliable and takes you into the centre part of town.We opted for the executive club which included breakfast. This was mainly taken up by business users.  
<Date>May 13, 2007
<Rating>5	3	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>LScrpe
<Content>Beautiful Hotel - amazing views After much researching, I booked this hotel through whotif.com and felt like I got a great deal. Was really expecting alot after reading the other reviews left here and I guess it had alot to live up to. Arrived after getting the really convienent public train and bus connection - inital impressions were great - the location is right on the harbour and the foyer uses this to its best advantage with its huge floor to ceiling glass. The reception staff were slightly disappointing - I found them quite abrupt and cold. The room was lovely and even though it wasn't a harbour view - it was large and the beds were very comfortable.The roof top pool is gorgeous and worth a visit if only to admire the view. Inside the gym/sauna/steam facilities were dated but very clean.Getting back to the staff again - the cleaning crew were lovely and helped us use the shower when we couldn't figure it out. I found the concierge to be the most disappointing. When asked to point out a local metro stop - he inisted we would need a taxi and never told us about the complimentary shuttle service. Again when we needed assistance with posting our excess shopping - I found him of little help and ended up travelling with our excess. Over all I'd recommend the hotel - the location, cleanliness and beds make up for a slighty cold welcome and would travel back there if I was visiting Hong Kong.  
<Date>May 11, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	2	2	-1	

<Author>CarnarvonBoy
<Content>Second stay still spot on       rooftop pool view  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>cathyaf
<Content>Too far out of town This hotel is not central at all. Be careful because we didn't check this and to be honest it was a pain. When we went to Nathan Road we had a lot of trouble getting back as the taxi drivers didn't seem to understand where we were staying, apparently there are 4 Harbour Plazas and they didn't know which one to take us to!!The bed was the most comfortable we stayed in which after a 7 hour flight was much appreciated. The check in etc was all good and we were allowed to check in an hour early which we were grateful for.One tip - get a phrase book / translation guide, we really struggled in Hong Kong, even at times in the hotel.  
<Date>May 4, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	4	4	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>TravelcatsSF
<Content>Total disapointment Read all the reviews.My family and I stayed at the Harbour Plaza on our way from Tokyo to Bangkok. While we stayed at much nicer hotels in those cities, the cost to stay at the HP was much more. We reserved a Harbor View room. Upon arriving at the HP, we were given a key to our room. Nobody showed us the way. When the door to the elevator opened on our designated floor, we were overwhelmed by the smell of new paint or solvent. Our room, while clean, had what they call in the real estate business, a peek-a-boo view of the harbor. We were set back from the water by several hundred feet and had to look between two buildings to see Hong Kong. The Bell Boy arrived after 45 minutes with our bags and commanded my 9 year old daughter to get out of the way as he dropped the bags.I asked if there was a better room, and was told that the hotel was fully booked. Highly doubtful.Basically, there was NO service at all. Like staying at the Holiday in at the airport.One night, after trekking through the city all day, we decided we should have dinner at the hotel. They offer a buffet in the lobby. The cost is $45 dollars [US] per person. I think they said my daughter would be $35. Maybe I'm not a big spender, but $125 bucks for a buffet in the middle of the week is pretty high. The hotel is situated right on the water, and has nice views of Hong Kong. While the buffet area seats well over 100 people, there were less that 15 people seated. We were rushed to our seats located six rows in from the windows. I said to the host that we would like to sit at one of the 20 tables which sat empty at the windows. With a swift wave of his arm, he said NO! I asked again politely, why we couldn't move to the window, and again, he waved his hand across his body with a stern NO!Well. Enough for us. We left.After several days at the HP, we flew to Bangkok to stay at the Peninsula. It's like eating one day at Pizza Hut Express and the next at a Michelin Three Star restaurant!Would NOT recommend the Harbour Plaza!  
<Date>May 3, 2007
<Rating>2	1	2	2	1	2	-1	1	

<Author>urbandivaLondon
<Content>Could've been better The hotel is set in a beautiful location with magnification views, our initial room was mediocre but the changed it at our request as the harbour view (which we had requested) was only partially visible.Excellent gym facilities, sauna and steam room. The roof top swimming pool was stunning. Breakfast was standard buffet fare. The location for shopping was very good as it is very close to a number of larger shopping malls The overall experience was marred by problems with the hotel reservation booking system. After half-a-dozen calls from the UK to Hong Kong to inform them of our change of plans, they still tried to charge us for the night we had cancelled well in advance.For a 5* hotel, I did expect better customer service rather than drawn out discussions as to why they felt they had to charge us.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	5	4	1	4	3	

<Author>Sharon30
<Content>Stormy harbour Fantastic hotel, fantastic view, we were treated to a storm in the harbour, magical. Pool is definitely worth a look!!!  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	2	5	4	5	3	

<Author>klpnc
<Content>Disappointing Selected this hotel after reading the glowing reports on this website. Stayed for four nights in April and overall was disappointed. This seemed to me to be an events hotel with three weddings in four days. Staff was preoccupied with handling of these events, parking and so forth. Room was not ready when we arrived (after check in time) and it took one half hour to check out. There was only one computer for customer use in business centre. Concierge was not as knowledgeable or helpful as others. The rooftop pool and views were beautiful. It is a great asset for families, however, it closes at 7:00pm. The room was spacious but nothing out of the ordinary. We booked knowing the location was a bit out of the way, and it was. While taxi's are indeed cheaper than I am used to I did not like the wasted time I spent in them. All said and done, I would not choose to say here again.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	1	3	1	2	2	

<Author>ColesI
<Content>Great enjoyed it immensly, service was excellent  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tweety_pie57
<Content>Loved the pool Booked this hotel for a two night stay after reading the reviews on trip advisor. Was well worth taking the advice that we read as we had a wonderful stay. Had booked a harbour view room and got a nice suprise when we booked in and ended up on the club floor. 18th floor with amazing views of the area(except for the mist!).Loved the roof top pool, again with amazing views. The buffet was good value and great choice. Transport was no problem with cheap taxi's and the free shuttle to catch the airport express. Also used the close by star ferry. Overall it was a great choice and well worth what we paid.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>MikeJCartwright
<Content>Not Quite Right Harbour Plaza 13 to 17 MarchThe hotel looks great but it is not close to the main shopping and business district of Kowloon, it is a ten minute taxi ride to Nathan Road. There was a noisy extractor fan outside our window (room 304). Paid for harbour view but the view was blocked by the gardens perspects fence.- choose above floor three. Room small and cramped for an American - other HK hotels have much larger rooms. On our third day the room cleaner did not leave any bath robes or toilet paper but did leave a hotel master key. Clothes delivered to reception were not delivered to the room but poorly stored in the luggage room. This hotel looks good but fails on the little things which count and it is not central to the action of Kowloon.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	2	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>pjay72
<Content>Great location Stayed for 4 nights to celebrate my mothers 60th birthday. I had booked harbour view rooms and well worth the extra money as the views are simply wonderful. Was a bit concerned that the hotel was not in the main area but this did not cause and problems as the hotel is well connected by courtesy bus or star ferry. You must also take a trip to the roof top pool for some stunning views of Hong Kong island.The hotel itself is beautiful and the staff extremley friendly, we ate breakfast one day and was worth every penny, would also reccommend as other reviews to venture into the local streets where there are plenty of great places to shop and eat. The hotel bar is also a greta place to sit and watch the world sail by on the harbour.A couple of reccommendations for sightseeing, visit Lantu by cablecar (if you dont mind heights), take the mid level escalators through the streets of central for a brilliant day of exploring local streetlife. I also booked a window table at Cafe Deco at the peak to celebrate my mothers brithday - The view is simply amazing!!I booked with TravelMood and can honestly say that the standard of service and arrangments were the best I have ever experienced.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JessicaBerry
<Content>Great Hotel My boyfriend and I have just emigrated to Australia from England. Before we settle into Aussie life we have taken this opportunity to travel to Hong Kong, Sydney, Canberra and Melbourne before arriving and settling in Adelaide.We stayed at the Harbour Plaza in a Harbour View room for 5 nights and thought it was great and the service was excellent.When we arrived we were taken to a smoking room with 2 beds in it, but after I asked for a non smoking with a double bed, they accomodated us. So make sure you request with your travel agent either a smoking or non smoking room and check the bed arrangements.We booked our breakfast through our travel agents (Travelmood in the UK, they were brilliant) and it cost 拢14, pricey but lots of variety and choice, but if you buy it at the hotel the cost is approximately 拢22, so I would recommend booking breakfast before you go.We both had a reflexology foot massage in the hotel spa and it was just what the doctor ordered after a day of shopping for gadgets in Mongkok.We would both definitely return to The Harbour Plaza.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pinkbanana
<Content>What a great hotel A great place to stay. Rooms were spacious, rooftop pool was amazing, great views. Service was good, and would recommend the breakfast which had a great selection of Western and Asian fare. Had a gym, which we did not try but looked impressive. Have an amazing variety of healthy body services including massage, sauna and aromatherapy. Would definitely stay here again. Location was great with a free shuttle every half hour to main street Nathan Road. Pleasant to walk around hotel unlike other central hotels. Had good room service, and restaurants were reasonably priced and food was good.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MDU
<Content>Great Hotel Excellent hotel by the water, good service and room of good size and standard.Gym is exellent. The view you have from the top floor whilst you jog is really nice. Steam room and sauna are worth a visit and if weather is nice try the pool outside with again great views.Locationwise it may not appeal to everyone as it is not in the main Kowloon but it did not cause me a problem as there is a free shuttle bus going from hotel to main Kowloon and back every half hour. If you want to go to Hong Kong Island you can talk the ferry which is 5 mins walk away.The area in which the hotel lies has shopping malls within 5 mins walk. I would recommend this hotel as it is very modern and clean. Don't let the location put you off and remember taxi's are very cheap here too.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>captainturntable
<Content>This is the one!       The Roof Top Pool  
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>flipper2
<Content>Excellent Hotel Having read so much about overpriced hotels and small rooms in Hong Kong, this hotel far exceeded our expectations. The rooms (overlooking the harbour) and bed were large, the staff courteous and helpful, the breakfast and dinner buffets exceptional (though of course more expensive than outside) and the 21st floor rooftop pool a stunning experience.The hotel is a bit off the beaten track in Whampoa but with cheap taxis and the Star Ferry to Central just 2 mins walk away this is hardly a problem.We would certainly stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Movingmike
<Content>Excellent Hotel !! As per other reviews this is, all round, and excellent hotel. The staff, from the guy who opens the front door to the management that seem always to be on hand were faultless.We had a harbour view room which was the best view I have ever had from a hotel room. The rooms were large and had 2 queen size beds.The breakfast was exceptional in its choice, and the cantonese meal was very good.Swimming pool facility was also good.Shuttle service was very dependable.I found the location good as it was far enough away from the centre of Kawloon to go for relaxing walks and Hong Kong island was well served with a ferry pier approx. 150 yds away.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>lollo2304
<Content>Great Hotel       Taken from the pool area...  
<Date>Feb 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>kcsaab
<Content>Fantastic This is a fantastic hotel in every way. The location, which is the only thing that I have seen reviewed poorly, is a huge plus as far as I am concerned. It is a 2 blocks from some of the best shopping in HK the Wonderful Worlds of Whompa and in a very nice resedintial area. The star ferry is 100 yards away and a cab ride to anywhere is less then $40 HK or about $7 USD. The food at the hotel is 1st class as was the service at all of the resteraunts. The spa and gym are both 1st rate. Rooms are large and the view of the harbour was amazing. The staff was very nice and always had a smile for us. I will stay here again!  
<Date>Feb 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>garner
<Content>Fab Hotel Cannot be Faulted  Stayed at the Harbour Plaza 3 nights as a stop-over on the way to Australia. This Hotel cannot be faulted. The bedroom we had on the 7th floor was huge, with great views of the harbour. the hotel is a bit off centre in terms of Nathan Road, but a half hourly shuttle bus runs you into the centre, free of charge. The breakfast is enormous. Evening meals super, and very reasonable. Alternatively there is a grill room adjoining the hotel which we tried one night, and this too was fine. The staff are very friendly, keen to help. The only problem we had was the swimming pool was closed. This apart, we were highly satisfied with our stay, and thoroughly recommend the hotel. 5*plus  
<Date>Feb 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MisterThirty
<Content>Fantastic!!!! This is a superb hotel! I booked this hotel a few months ago to celebrate my 30th birthday in Hong Kong and I was not disappointed. Hung Hom is a little out of the way from the main thoroughfares but do not let this deter you. Once you have got the airport shuttle to Kowloon, there is a signposted bus that swiftly takes you from Kowloon to your hotel. This is efficiency that you quickly get used to in Hong Kong. In terms of transport to other parts of the city there is naturally the ferry opposite to Wan Chai and Central (until 7pm) on HK Island as well as a shuttle bus that drops you off in Kowloon (until 11pm) plus lots of cheap taxis (think 拢6 max late at night to get back from Central). The room was very comfortable and tasteful with nice soft beds. The room we booked had a harbour view on the 8th floor (good for Chinese luck) so it was great for jet lagged mornings looking out in bed at the boats passing by! I was wide-awake some mornings at 5am so went out of the hotel and saw a few locals doing their Tai Chi. Great atmosphere! In terms of room service, there always seemed to be someone on hand to sort out our beds after a jetlag nap beyond 8pm. I also got a nice cake for my birthday from the hotel.The pool was excellent with lovely views and was well heated. I went swimming a couple of times there. The gym facilities were also very good as well with helpful staff and with great treadmills. I did not eat much in the hotel but the Waterfront Grill cooked me probably the best steak sandwich in my life. It was totally delicious. In terms of other useful things to know: The reception can organise coach tours of various places in Hong Kong. I did an afternoon trip to Lantau Island which cost about 拢28. It was excellent and for somebody new to Hong Kong I would recommend taking a tour. Also there is a Pacific Coffee Company Store (like Costa Coffee) half a block away serving pastries, coffees, sandwiches and salads. This was very useful for getting a quick Westernised snack and cheaper than room service.The only problem with this hotel is that you might not want to leave it! Hong Kong is one of the World's great cities so you just need to make sure you head out and enjoy it.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Robwash
<Content>What's the catch Stayed 2 nights on the way to other parts of S.E. Asia. My wife and I wanted to get over the jet lag after a very long flight. The hotel, I thought, was almost too good to be true given the glowing reports on Trip Advisor and the great looking pictures provide by the hotel. In short, all the positive comments are true, and the hotel really does look as good as the pictures. If this hotel were located near Nathan Road with the same waterfront location, rooms would easily cost twice as much (or more). This is the only real issue with the hotel.....its distance from the heart of Kowloon. As previously noted, there is a shuttle bus running every half hour that takes about 10 minutes and drops you off at the Peninsula (you easily pick up the shuttle in the same spot). The shuttles run like clockwork and are very reliable. There is also a shuttle running 4 times and hour to Kowloon station where you get the train to the airport. The only other issue I can think of is the harbour view from the rooms. Our view was very good, but given the hotel's location it isn't the picture-postcard view of Hong Kong island you see in postcards. But it is a view that's worth paying for.So for those who want a quintessential Hong Kong Harbor view from their room, or for those who want to be more within walking distance of the Star Ferry and the major shopping venues (and not rely on a shuttle), this may not be for you. Otherwise, this is a great and friendly hotel and a truely fantastic value.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>graham.wynn
<Content>Excellent After reading some of the reviews here I was slightly dubious about booking this hotel. I am very pleased we did. Although slightly away from the main drag, this was more of a plus than a negative and it was so cheap to take a taxi to Nathan Road area, or the Star Ferry which was adjacent to the hotel to the Central area on the island itself.The staff were very attentive, and the hotel offered a number of refreshment choices, and would thoroughly recommend the Waterfront Bar for its views and friendly staff.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>webbpage
<Content>Worth the visit -would go back Air con was noisy and bed was probably a bit hard but fantastic hotel. Lovely views, worth a few beers at the waterfront grill and the music is worth a listen too. Cheap cabs to everywhere, we didn't bother getting the hotel free bus as the cabs were so cheap but hey we live in london. Staff very helpful. Stayed on the club floor and would recommend it. Got the limo from the airport. Easy to find the hotel counter and made for easy transfer to the hotel. Unbeatable view from the hotel pool.Would definitely go back.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>stayklassy
<Content>Lovely hotel, wonderful location This is a large, modern hotel on the harbour in Kowloon. It's in Hung Hom, which is away from the bright lights and busy atmosphere of the hotels of Tsim Tsa Sui and Nathan Rd. but it's a lovely oasis in a busy, hectic city. The hotel runs a shuttle every 30 minutes that will take you into TST (where you can catch a subway or go shopping or explore on foot). It's a very well-run, clean property with elegant spacious rooms. We booked it as a package with Cathay Pacific, and got a big room with a queen bed, a sofa, table and desk area. The views of the harbour are beautiful, as the hotel is perched right over the waterfront. The neighbourhood (Whampoa) is still full of amenities - lots of very good shops and restaurants including a Pacific Coffee shop up the street, and an amazing supermarket/dept. store, Jusco, where you can buy everything from a delicious take-out meal (for a criminially low price) to household items, clothing, souvenirs, you name it. The Hung Hom ferry terminal is about a 3 minute walk from the hotel, and the Star Ferry takes you over to Central from there. There's also a big bus zone where you can catch buses around the city close by. Would definitely stay here again, and would choose it over most hotels in the city, including the famed Peninsula (the Harbour Plaza's lobby felt way more elegant than the Penninsula's, which was crowded and loud.)  
<Date>Jan 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PaulUKUk
<Content>Good place I cannot add much to what already has been written.. On arrival we were upgraded to a harbour view suite, which was amazing. We had letters on arrival from the manager welcoming us, and found the location directly next to the sea to be perfect.Only gripes were! Taxi drivers not knowing where it was, and getting confused with the other harbour plaza that exists in Hong Kong.That you could not get a hot drink during the early hours of the morning. I have insomnia sometimes and wanted to tea but I could not get one for love nor money!The breakfast is worth the money. Lots of choice and very relaxed atmosphere.The limo from the airport to the hotel is worth it if it is your first time to HK. It really lets you see the area on the 40 minute drive.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Dagindi
<Content>Not what it used to be I started staying here in 1997. Back then this was my secret jewel of Hong Kong. The service was always top notch (ala Regent), rooms clean, plus the perks could not be beat in all of HK.During my last trip back after a 2 year hiatus I find that the Harbour Plaza is no longer what it once was.The once pleasant and accommodating front desk and concierge are ok at best. The front desk staff could use a little refresher course in happiness.The rooms are dated as is the internet and TV service.The rates are becoming par with other hotels in TST so for the money I would rather stay closer to Kowloon then Hong Hom where the hotel is located.The hotel still offers magnificent views and the new ferry pier is an added bonus but again the hotel is not what it once was.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	2	3	2	3	2	

<Author>chetz
<Content>the bees knees!!       whats that ship doing there?/  
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chalkntalk
<Content>We didn't want to leave! What a place for a stopover! I was travelling to Sydney with my husband and two children, aged 12 and 13, and chose the Harbour plaza because of Trip Advisor reviews. They are not wrong. After a long flight it is fantastic to have such luxury. It is also in a fantastic location - with shops and lots of restaurants. Do not be put off eating at the restaurants just because they have no English outside. Inside most seem to have English translations, or at least one person who can help out. We particularly liked the Moon Chiu (spelling?) on the corner very close to the hotel. We were treated like royalty and the food was very good - and exceptionally good value. The food court offers lots of choice, though we found it better to eat there at lunch time as in the evening it was packed! Our last afternoon/evening was amazing. We went up to the Peak visited Madam Tussaud's - very different to London's. There are lots of models to interest westerners and you can actually get up close and have your picture taken with them. It was very interactive and not too busy. Kids loved it. We then did a lovely short walk around the Peak and went for an evening meal. We booked Cafe Deco restaurant before we left England. It was fab. We had a table inside overlooking the Harbour (see Frommer's website for advice on booking).We all adored Hong Kong and hope to go back again.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>UKPenpusher
<Content>Wonderful place to stay - no exceptions!! I booked this hotel through a travel agent, after arranging my own itinerary that took in Singapore, muliple centres in Australia and finally, Hong Kong. As we were travelling in low season, we got an automatic upgrade as part of the package. I had read some great reviews, and they actually didn't do the hotel justice, it was a dream stay.I stayed with my six year old son, who took full advantage of room service and the roof-top swimming pools (one is specifically for children). The hotel is beautifully positioned, on the waterfront (perfect for muggy days), and the sight through the full length glass windows of the harbour when you first enter the hotel takes your breath away. The staff were fantastic, incredibly helpful, and the free shuttle bus to various locations around Hong Kong made getting around easy. The hotel is also close to a Star Ferry terminal, ideal for crossing over to Hong Kong island.I didn't choose to use the hotel's many restaurants (six year olds can be a bit too unpredictable!!), however, we used room service on several occasions, and this worked out beautifully. Alternatively, Whampoa Gardens shopping mall is close by, and there are many restaurants and food outlets there of all nationalities, so you're bound to find something you like. The hotel is very smart, and is used both by business people and tourists, and so there is always a mix of people in different attire in the lobby. There is also a coffee shop in the lobby (this is a good-sized hotel), and the hotel has it's own patisserie. These cakes and the sandwiches made to order were also of the highest quality.All in all, this hotel is very luxurious. The staff are helpful, courteous and the food good. Location was perfect for me, in that it is a short (free) shuttle bus ride to the major Kowloon shopping areas of Tsim Shat Sui, airport (extra cost), and the nearest MTR (tube)  KTR (train) stations. It is easy to get around, access to central areas is easy, yet the hotel is positioned in a quiet area, one I appreciated even more when I was actually there. The view from our harbour view room was fascinating - the waterway is very busy, with junks, tourist boats, ferries and container ships all passing our windows.Facilites provided were good - gym, swimming pool etc, and the view from the rooftop infinity pool over Hong Kong Island is one I shall never forget.. I long to return.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SmileDoc7
<Content>Beautiful Hotel with a Great View We spent one night in October at the Harbour View Hong Kong and must say it was very enjoyable. After spending two weeks in mainland China on extremely hard beds, the Harbour View Hong Kong was a welcome retreat from all of that (and the beds were comfy too!) The view from our harbour view room was spectacular, and we enjoyed watching people do their morning excercises from our room. We did enjoy a buffet lunch the day we checked out, and it was very good. I would say close to 30 different selections, plus a fabulous dessert area. The price was not unreasonable, but a little more expensive than we are accustomed to paying for lunch - but worth it! The bar is a little off the beaten path but stocked full! You will enjoy your stay should you decide to stay at the Harbour View Hong Kong!  
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AlecCampbell
<Content>Luxurious               More photos  
<Date>Jan 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Onie13
<Content>Fantastic Hotel, Beautiful Rooms and views, Peaceful area       bathroom  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RickPorgera
<Content>A truly excellent venue This place really takes some beating. It has everything you could need, and is handy to shops/transport...the lot.Foyer  decor is outstanding with a sweeping marble grand staircase straight out of the movies...Rooms are huge, and with a Harbourview room, you get a panoramic view worth a million bucks.Extensive dining facilities, in western  oriental style/s, with great views from every angle, made it a real pleasure to stay here.Service is second to none, and transport/travel to anywhere from here, can be arranged at the drop of a hat.Local outlets (Whampoa Gardens) and access to ferry (5 minutes walk away) meant we could shop until we dropped, which the missus did every opportunity she got.Without any taurus-excreta, this is the best all-round hotel I have ever stayed in, anywhere...and the price/s are dirt-cheap compared to some of the exotice rates I've had to pay elsewhere for wa-a-a-y lesser standards.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dantatjai
<Content>Excellent Hotel The rooms are clean and quite roomy. I was worried that the rooms were going to be small since I only booked regular rooms, but it turned out to be pretty good. It can be tight if you have 4 ppl in one room. We had only two and it was totally fine. The service was pretty good at the front desk, they were pretty helpful and nice. The views of the lobby of the hotel was beautiful. In the morning or night, you can walk around the area by the water. The harbour view is really nice. The view from the gym and pool is fantastic. The size of the pool is not as big as shown on the hotel's website. But the view makes up for it. the gym is pretty ok for a hotel gym. You are close to the ferry (3 min walk). You can take it to Central, WanChai and NorthPoint. It's faster than mtr. The area has lots of shopping and good restaurants. There's also a delicious bakery down the block where i get breakfast almost every morning. THere's also a famous dessert place around the area too. In terms of location, the only bad thing is that it's not close to one. It's about 5 mins cab or bus ride away. But this is the place to be if you want to be away from the crowd in the morning. The hotel area is very residential so it's not packed when you walk downstairs. If you walk further out (1-2 blocks), you get all the stores you need like shopping, restaurants, 7-11, pharmacy, etc. Excellent stay and I will definitely go back again!  
<Date>Dec 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>Softspikes
<Content>Harbour is a bit of heaven I selected the Harbour Plaza based on reviews found here on Tripadvisor.com, and they couldn't have been more accurate. What a lovely, tranquil, well appointed place this is with an abiding staff. Being away from the TST is a plus for me, though the hotel shuttle can get you there in 15 minutes with its every half-hour service. Ferry terminal is a short walk away, and so is the Whampoa shopping district which has lovely restaurants and stores.  My room, a harbor view on the 18th floor, was gorgeous. I never heard a single sound on my floor, but when I left at 7 in the morning for a ferry ride, nearly every door had a newspaper hanging from it, indicating the place was pretty well sold out.I suspect the Harbour Plaza restaurants are fine, but I prefer to eat outside of a hotel and the Whampoa Gourmet Market has a lovely Chinese restaurant with very good dim sum at a very reasonable price. The area has a long waterfront walk and several greenspaces and couldn't be more abiding. This was my first visit to Hong Kong and I will definitely return. The Harbour Plaza will always be my hotel.Jeff Williams, New York  
<Date>Dec 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>thunee
<Content>Fantastic Stay Before our stay in the hotel, I thought we made a mistake of choosing this hotel since it is far from the busy streets of Tsim Sha Tsui. But as soon as we arrived at the hotel, I knew that our stay would be terrific. I booked for a courtside view room, but when I asked for an upgrade to a harbourview, the hotel staff immediately upgraded us. The room was really big and clean, bathroom was great specially the shower room. The view of the harbour specially in the morning was amazing. For people like us who like to go by ourselves, the proximity of Hong Hum Ferry Station was an added plus and the free shuttle bus service was great. The rooftop swimming pool area was beautiful, although we were not able to try it because of our busy schedule.Breakfast was OK although the choices of foods were the same everyday. We were expecting some varieties everyday. Last but not the least, the staff was very courteous and accomodating.We will definitely choose this hotel again on our next trip to Hongkong.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>sam09
<Content>fabulous stay was in hong kong from the 3rd of dec to the 7th and thanks to harour plaza it was a memorable one. although, i missed out on seeing much of the hotel cos of my busy schedule, the sea side view in the night is oh so awesome.just sitting on the benches besides the sea with the serenity along side the high rises makes for one of the most picturesque views.the hotel staff were very helpful.and yes the location of the hotel is ideal for all those shoppers with plenty of malls all over the place. also, mong kok and nathan road are a $30 cab ride away.so its cool...i wouldnt think twice before booking my stay here the next time i am in hong kong.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>Xstar
<Content>Fabulous hotel       Snorkeling in the pool  
<Date>Dec 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RodAC
<Content>Top notch hotel E-mailed the hotel 2 days before arriving to inform them that my wife and I would be there by 10.00am after 12 hour flight. Arrived 10.15am to find room ready for occupation and that we had been upgraded from Superior to Deluxe Harbour View. Great start that continued throughout our 5 night stay.The staff are very helpful and I must say that having stayed on Nathan Road previously I will not be going back in a hurry. This hotel is ideally placed in a tranquil area with excellent facilities and courteous staff. The free shuttle bus is a brilliant way of getting to Star Ferry and Tsim Sha Tsui should you desire a faster pace.Probably the best hotel I have stayed in on my journeys to the East. Heartily recommended.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Geebee2
<Content>Wow, 10 out of 10 We chose the Harbour Plaza Hong Kong for our holiday in October primarily because of the great write-ups it has received on this site, and, wow, am I glad I discovered TripAdvisor. This hotel is just beautiful and certainly deserves all the accolades which have been laid upon it here.I had been intending to write something about our stay but somehow the days drifted past since our return and I guess I felt it was simply too late to comment. However, when I read the rather negative comments by Sspade I just had to get the fingers hitting the keyboard. I can't believe he thought the hotel more tourist orientated than business. While we were there the hotel was full, and, sure the guests seemed to arrive by the busload, but that was because so many of them were delegates of conferences and trade fairs which were happening at the time. This is definitely not a touristy hotel, witnessed by the fact that it pops up in very few travel brochures or even on the tourist maps of Hong Kong. In all of our 12 night stay I think we only saw two families there with children, and most of the guests we spoke to - or overheard - were there on business. Sspade's comments about the smells and noise in the foyer area leave me a tad mystified also.Anyway, back to the hotel. Check-in was absolutely seamless, and - wonderfully - our suitcases were delivered to our room within about 5 minutes. Our room was large and, with an upgrade to a harbour view, had spectacular views over the harbour to the island - gorgeous at night. The room was made up at least twice a day, with the staff ensuring that we had plenty of tea and coffee making provisions - often overlooked - and supplying plenty of free bottled water. The meals we ate at the hotel were fantastic, and the dinner we enjoyed on one particular evening at the Waterfront Bar  Grill next door (part of the hotel's facilities) was absolutely memorable.One of the great things about this hotel is its location - away from the bustle of Nathan Road. The hotel is in a very nice area of Kowloon which boasts some fantastic shopping centres. Ladies, the boutiques here are just wonderful with none of the junky stuff found at Mongkok. Another great feature is the close proximity of an excellent supermarket where we were even able to buy fresh milk daily - all the way from Australia - plus things like bandaids, munchies to go with our drinks, headache pills etc.We certainly wouldn't contemplate staying anywhere else in Hong Kong after this visit, so thanks to all the members here whose comments drew us to this property.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Rosie12
<Content>Great Hotel Arrived at the Hotel about 10am, (5.11.06) room was ready by 12 noon. Room was very spacious, comfortable bed, good sized bathroom, great view of the harbour. Tried the buffet breakfast one morning, it was very good, had everything and more that my husband and I needed The lobby is a large open place which is next to the breakfast/all day dining area with very large glass windows overlooing the harbour. Used the laundy service, they repaired a trouser hem which had come undone without me having to request a repair. The hotel shuttle bus was great. Only a five minute walk to the ferry to take you to Central and other areas. No problems with transport. Concierge were helpful in guiding us to places, which ferries, trains to catch etc. Would stay here again  
<Date>Nov 29, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SSpade
<Content>Reviews a bit misleading Booked on basis of Trip Advisor reviews which are usually spot on. This is very much a good value tourist hotel and not ideal for business. The lobby has a distinct whiff of Chinese food and disinfectant, very noisy as has open eating areas. The check in and concierge staff are helpful rather than friendly, primarily because so busy processing coachloads. The rooms are clean spacious but impersonal. The buffet area is functional (didnt try; looked unappetising). The bar is in a location separate to the hotel. Good shopping in Whampoa area. Sometimes no taxis so fortunate to have shuttle bus to Tsim Tsa Tui and Hung Hom. No comparison to Langham Place Hotel. would only stay here again if constrained by budget.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>mn3
<Content>Fabulous From the first time I contacted the hotel to see what could be arranged for my Mum's 60th Birthday the staff were exceptional. Nothing was too much trouble. The hotel provided a free cake, wine and rose on the big day and offered to arrange flowers etc. The hotel shuttle bus was excellent, very prompt and always plenty of room although the taxis were in constant supply and inexpensive.The room was lovely and with a magnificent harbour view.The buffet breakfast on the ground floor was excellent with a vast selection. The whole hotel was spotless.The ferry terminal is very conveniently located behind the hotel and although the ferries stop earlier to Hung Hom you can return to Tsim Sha Tsui and return via the hotel shuttle bus.The rooftop pool was amazing with excellent views.I would thoroughly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Sangha
<Content>Excellent Hotel My husband and I recently stayed at the Harbour Plaza Hong Kong. We really enjoyed our stay at this hotel and were upgraded to a Harbour View room which had an amazing view of the Hong Kong skyline across the harbour. The rooms are luxurious, clean and the hotel staff are all very friendly. The hotel lobby is also very impressive. The hotel is located in the Hung Hom district of Kowloon, which is a bit out of the way - but the hotel has frequent (free) mini busses running to various parts of central Kowloon throughout the whole day so getting around is easy and inexpensive and more than makes up for the slightly out of centraal location. The ferry terminal to the island is also a few minutes walk from the hotel.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>BeverleyB
<Content>Great Hotel       Rooftop Pool  
<Date>Oct 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	3	4	4	

<Author>KRIS3214
<Content>fantastic Stayed there in September 2006. Could not fault anything about the hotel apart from the Service at times too good. Everything about this hotel was fantastic. Whilst the location was a little out of the way the transport, whether ferry, taxi or bus was so accessable it was not an issue. The food and restaurants are very good though a bit pricey. Top tip on way back to hotel stop off at a 7/11 store and pick up some bottles of water cans of what ever you drink and snacks. The room bar is very expensive, approx 拢3.50 for a can of coke, where as in 7/11 about 50p. The rooms are very spacious well furnished and views are amazing. One of the best hotels I;ve stayed in. Only one regret not enough time there.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MJDunne
<Content>WOW ! What an amazing hotel !!It was my first trip to HK ! I was on my own on a business trip and this hotel just made me feel at home.Room was fantastic ! Book or ask for a Harbourview, it is really worth it. Pool on roof was excellent, as was the gym,All the restaurants, well, buffet and steakhouse were fantastic ! I really could not recommend this hotel more. Plus star ferry to central is a 5 min walk away !Don't stay down Nathan Road, just visit it !! Its lovely to get away from the crowds and head back to Hung Hom.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>docfun
<Content>Excellent hotel I have to agree with the previous reviewers. The location is slightly out of town, but the shuttle service is good and there is a ferry terminal nearby. The staff are very courteous and professional. We had a harbour club room which entitled us to breakfast, afternoon tea and evening drinks and canapes in the private lounge. This was very pleasant, extremely laid back and the food was excellent. We ate one night in the hotel's Japanese restaurant. The food was good but very expensive. Overall a lovely stay. We were however disappointed with the felix bar at the peninsula. Its very small, very little seating and mainly for posers. Apart from the view which can be obtained from many other Kowloon locations, it doesnt compare at all to such London venues as Claridges or the Berkeley.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>proffitt76
<Content>Excellent We stayed here as part of our Honeymoon (a stop over on the way back from Australia). We had our room automatically upgraded, and boy, what an upgrade, a corner suite on the top floor 5 doors down from the Presidential Suite. Large Lounge, Large Bedroom, 2 bathrooms with excellent views of the Hong Kong Island skyline. The roof top pool is excellent with great views. One side is fully glazed to you can also see the views from underwater!It is a little out of the main part, (a suburb really) but the local shops and facilities are very good. There is a ferry terminal behind the hotel. The hotel runs a regular free shuttle into town that runs quite late and is well worth it.If you can, most nights at about 8, there is a light show. Basically every major building on either side of the bay is lit up in time to music played over the public address system. All free. We saw it from behind the cultural centre/symphony hall across the road from the Peninsular Hotel.We were room only. The floor we were on was a sort of 鈥渕embers club鈥?floor with a private restaurant and lounge. We didn鈥檛 eat there but it looked quite good. We got room service a few times, which was also good and not too extortionate. We had our last nights meal in the in the Chinese restaurant, Hoi Yat Heen which was very tasty.We would certainly stay here again next time we are in Hong Kong.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>beewax
<Content>Supberb Views We have recently stayed at the Harbour Plaza for our honeymoon 29.8.2006-1.9.2006. As we were on our honeymoon we automatically got upgraded to a harbour view room, which had amazing views of the famous hong kong skyline with all of its sky scrappers.And also a free bottle of champers!Our room was very clean,modern and spacious.We used the roof pool a couple of afternoons after we had returned from our days out, this was lovely as again you had the view of Hong Kong island.The hotel location is great although not in the centre of Kowloon, you can easily get about by the hotel free shuttle service which runs every 30mins, and the star ferry is a 5 mintue work from the hotel along the harbour front.We dined twice in the hotel, once in the chinese resturant and also in the main dinning area-both meals were very good.One night we went to the famous Penisula Hotel where we had a drink in the Felix bar (top floor) would definitley recomend this for anyone who enjoys stylish surrondings and a great atmosphere. Apparently for you males you should try the toilets!!  
<Date>Sep 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Differs
<Content>Sensational hotel       Lobby  
<Date>Sep 17, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>CABUTLER
<Content>Amazing Harbour Views! My new wife and I stayed here for 4 nights on our recent honeymoon and all I can say is this place is awesome.From the moment you enter the lobby you know you have booked a great hotel.We did arrive early and our room was not ready, but that was our travel agents fault as they had not told the hotel. They did get us a room ready and we were greeted with a bottle of wine and plate of fresh fruit waiting on the table with a view behind it staring out across Victoria Harbour! The bed was MASSIVE and so comfortable! Everything was clean and very well kept. It is a little out of the way but with a very well run free bus service from the hotel to Kowloon and back every 30mins you are by no way stuck. The Red Star ferry terminal is also a 5 minute walk away; you can be on Hong Kong Island in 20mins.I would have problems recommending this place! GO THERE and see for your self!  
<Date>Sep 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Sharon.Edge
<Content>Paradise! This is one of the best hotels we have ever stayed in. From the wonderful foyer - so impressive - to the comfortable rooms, this hotel really put the icing on the cake during our stay in Hong Kong (the best city in the world!) The conceirge service was brilliant and the staff have a friendly, relaxed approach.We loved the restaurants (especially Dino's by the waterfront and the buffet in the ground floor restaurant was exceptional). We had a lovely Harbour View room which was a good size, as was the lovely bathroom. The hotel provides a complimentary shuttle bus to Tsim Sha Tsui which was great, but there's good shopping in Hung Hom as well.We plan to return to Hong Kong next year and this is DEFINITELY where we'll be staying again!  
<Date>Aug 28, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travel2hkg
<Content>loved the harbour plaza we new the moment we arrived late at night from a long flight from Sydney that we were in good hands. A great harbour view room 12th floor, was ours for 6 nights. Good sized, spacoius bed and medium sized bathroom. The only problem was there is no HKG/British style razor plug in the bathroom only the US style. But you can beat this by plugging into a normal outlet in the bedroom and charge up the razor, using the cordless feature (eg my Braun was good for this trick) when shaving.The breakfast was huge, especially downstairs. Also 19th floor b/fast section nice and cozy. We did not dine at the hotel at night due to lots of friends who took us out, so we were unable to compare. Then there is THE POOL!!! and Gym all free Stunning!!! on the roof 22nd floor. Fantastic views all over HKG harbour, water temp just right glass walls to assist viewing. Big enough to swim lengths. Scary sight.. try looking up at the 70 story building next door!! A big thanks for William on the concierge desk. Couldnt do enough for us This hotel is situated v close to the star ferry,there is a free shuttle bus down town (10 mins) and taxis are V V cheap. But the bonus is that it is away from the HKG maelstrom and quiet. Tip go there!!  
<Date>Aug 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Madrava
<Content>Beautiful Hotel, lovely location We stayed at the Harbour Plaza as part of UK company Travelmood's 'Hot Deal' package - three nights 拢214 per person including bus transfers and full day trip to Macau. Incredible deal. Unfortunately due to a typhoon we only managed two nights and they were wonderful. The hotel is grand but comfortable and was hosting a couple of weddings so it was lovely to see the magnificent marble staircase bedecked with organza and roses. We ordered a big breakfast in our room costing about 220 HK each and it came delivered on table with white napery and silver service. Delicious.The bed was one of the most comfortable we have ever slept in and as we had asked for a harbour view it was wonderful to sit and watch the dawn rising and the coming to life of the harbour as the cruise boats and ferries and junks sailed past. There is a lovely walkway surrounding the hotel and we watched the locals doing Tai Chi in the morning. Next door at the Waterfront bar we enjoyed cocktails as it was Happy Hour (two drinks for one from 6 until 7.30) Harbour Plaza is a peaceful place and the star ferry is right on the doorstep although two crossings are necessary to get to Harbour City mall. Since we love the ferry so much we did not bother with the hotel shuttle service.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MSW2
<Content>Perfect oasis At first when we realised that this hotel was a little away from Hong Kong's main attractions i had thought we had made the wrong decision, but we were pleasantly surprised! The hotels ultra efficent shuttle bus to the centre of Kowloon was wonderful! The hotels secluded location was a huge benefit, each day when we returned it felt like returning to a calm oasis ! The hotel rooms elegantly decorated nothing to flashy just simple and the views from the bedroom windows were superb. Our stay included breakfast in the Harbour Club, perfectly acceptable continental breakfast with some cooked items, although the breakfast downstairs was much much better ! The hotel also offers a buffet each evening, as a family we NEVER eat in our hotels but this was an acception the food was fantastic, lobster, crab, beef....Definitley would stay here again without a doubt !  
<Date>Aug 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>thestonna
<Content>Nice Hotel but the view and location could be better Stayed here for two nights in a harbour view room on the way back from Australia. The hotel was very nice don't get me wrong, nice big room, good food but if you want a view of the harbour stay closer to the Peninsula Hotel (Tsim Sha Tsui). The InterContinental Hong Kong was facing right at Hong Kong Harbour if you want the view,. Also we had to catch a free shuttle bus each time we wanted to us the metro system, star ferry or to get to the area around the Peninsula Hotel (Tsim Sha Tsui). If you are going to Felix bar for cocktails in the Peninsula we had a few and they were'nt cheap and they tasted like crap so I would either have a short and a mixer or just have a beer but do go its cool and the view is amazing.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	3	4	3	3	4	

<Author>ichy-feet
<Content>Great Hotel We stayed in interconnecting double  twin rooms (courtyard facing) for 4 nights in July.There were 2 adults  2 kids in our party and I made a point of emailing the hotel before we arrived to make sure that the rooms were interconnecting. (I tried for an upgrade too but they didnt want to know!)We loved the hotel, the rooms were big enough, nice range of toiletries, great pool etc, etc. We never made it to the resturant in time for breakfast on any day and didnt eat any meals in the hotel so I cant comment on the food. We did have a couple of snacks at the corner food bar (pastries  latte's) which were excellent though.The only issue I did have was with the concierge desk. They speak to you in English but dont really understand what you are talking about. Its like the lights are on but nobody is home! I would'nt rely on them for anything crucial.Ive stayed in a lot of hotels in the UK and this one is better than any 4 star UK hotel I have been in. I would have no problem recommending this hotel best friend / Granny etc  
<Date>Jul 28, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LondonGlobetrotter
<Content>Great Place, average staff, stayed somewwhere else when we returned 1 This hotel helped to cause a little bit of a scare to my friends and family. I had told them I would be walking in the new territories (not especially safe) they were slightly alarmed when they had not heard from me by 8 pm (accidentally left my telephone in the hotel safe). Upon telephoning the hotel, the hotel told them they had never heard of me. After a few telephone calls later, they telephoned the hotel again and said they were very concerned and would have to telephone the police. The hotel then discovered that I had booked but cancelled my booking the day before. When I heard all the commotion on my answerphone on my return, I asked the hotel myself whether I had booked in, giving my name. They repeated that I had cancelled my booking and never checked in. When I revealed my true identity, all they could do was look sheepish. I am just glad there was not an emergency at home and my mobile telephone was not in fact lost.2 The breakfast was included in the price. However, we were not told that it had to be taken in a certain part of the hotel, otherwise you wer charged. Nor were we told at what time breakfast was served until. In fact, none of the usual information was provided to us on check-in.3 The pool has a great great view over the city. Lots of kids at the weekend as it doubles up as a local gym/health club so not very relaxing. The gym is very very good compared to the hotel gyms you usually find.4 The concierge service was not really up to scratch. We asked them to reconfirm our flights. They telephoned the airline as we stood there waiting. When the number was engaged, they gave up and handed us back the flight details. For a comparison of this service in another HK hotel, see my review of the Langham Hotel.5 Generally, this hotel is out of the way but doesn't go out of its way to help. Perhaps we were just unlucky. For over 拢100 a night, we didn't think it was worth it and on our return went to stay at the Langham Hotel - also reviewed on this website.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>2	1	3	2	5	1	1	2	

<Author>Bazza61
<Content>Only hotel in HK to stay at! For those Aussies reading this, I booked through Harvey World Travel - got 5 nights for the cost of 4 , plus upgrade to Harbour View room and buffet breakfast. Cost me $200 AUD per night - good deal IMO. The hotel is 41/2 star, very clean, excellent attentiveness from all the staff and exceptionally well located (for me). Hong Kong was VERY hot and it is a really busy, noisy, hectic city-so the location of this hotel right on the waterfront (there are a few others but much more expensive) and some distance out of the mayhem of the more popular? areas of both Kowloon and Hong Kong Island make this for me the only hotel to stay at in HK ( for that price). The regular bus hotel bus shuttle every 30 minutes to downtown Kowloon (drops off next to YMCA) works well - and there is a Star Ferry terminal for rides to HK Island only a couple of minutes walk away from the front door. The Airport Express train from the airport works well - get off at Kowloon Station and get the K1 free bus from there to the hotel. All in all, I cannot recommend this hotel highly enough - great value for money.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>fussbudget
<Content>Loved the hotel - loved the city We loved the Harbour Plaza. To me cleanliness is the #1 priority and this one is super clean. It is an easy walk to great shopping and interesting sightseeing. Breakfast was included with our tour and the hotel buffet was very good. The staff is very accommodating and went out of the way to help us. The room itself was very comfortable (only I am not one to travel all that way to sit in a room). I hated to leave.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>adejejon
<Content>Good value for money Wife and I stayed May 27 to Jun 02 in Club room with fantastic views overlooking Harbour(18th Floor). Room adequate size, with sofa and work desk. Maid service good. Club lounge small but adequate. Mislead by description in hotel guide of all-day refreshments. In fact, complimentary refreshments only available at breakfast(7-10), afternoon tea(3-6) and early evening(6-8).Only tried Whampoa Lounge and Waterfront Restaurant. Don't miss latter, since it is outside the hotel on the way towards ferry terminal, but provides reasonably priced food and drinks. Happy hour early evening.Regular free coach shuttle to Kowloon shopping area, behind Peninsula Hotel. We also made much use of ferry service to Hong Kong Island(Central), but beware last ferry returns at about 7pm. Many high-class(and expensive) malls on Hong Kong Island. Cheaper(much!) street markets in Kowloon. You should be able to bargain at least 50% off initial price on fake bags etc. For clothing try G2000, Crocodile and Giordano shops, shirts from 5GBP. Do try trip to Stanley Market for souvenirs.Take airport express rail service, as preference to road travel, savings can be made by booking in advance.Sadly, it rained every day, and roof-top pool mostly closed due threat of lightning!  
<Date>Jun 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great position fabulous facilities I stayed at this hotel on two seperate occasions as I used this as my stopover hotel en route to and from Australia. The hotel is really impressive with fabulous public areas and was clearly popular as a wedding venue. The hotel rooms were spacious with good sized bathrooms. Staff were courteous even though the hotel was extremely busy. The buffet breakfast offered a great choice of western and eastern cuisine. Although the hotel isn't on Hong Kong Island, access is easy with a ferry station within 5 mins walking distance of the hotel. This hotel is away from the hustle and bustle of Hong Kong itself, which makes it ideal if you are looking for a bit of relaxation time. The leisure facilities were also brilliant - beautiful roof top swimming pool although a little chilly!  
<Date>Jun 11, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jj-the-jetsetter
<Content>Great position if you have a harbour view room We stayed here after a 14 day tour of China, and were on a package, so don't know what the costs were. Having read reviews before we went, we were pleased to have a harbour view room, which was very spacious with bath and shower and all the usual extras. Drinks from the mini-bar were expensive but there is a 7-11 just up the street opposite, also a good laundry as the hotel laundry prices were astronomical.There are also a good variety of restaurants locally(including an excellent Australian steak bar - the Outback - just the thing after 14 days eating nothing but Chinese food on our tour!), so we didn't eat in, and therefore can't comment. Superb friendly, helpful staff, spotless, well-designed and spacious public rooms and bedroom, super pool on top - worth a visit just for the view. The aircon is VERY fierce.Hung Hom is less touristy, and as others have stated, but the (lesser) ferry terminal is next door. If you are there are on Sunday and don't mind American Evangelical Christianity, you will have an excellent welcome at the Church opposite in the school complex, and an interesting service. The shuttle bus worked perfectly.  
<Date>May 23, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Galstonion
<Content>Excellent Hotel !! I've stayed in a few hotels in Hing Kong and for the money I can honestly say that the H.P. is one of the best.. Staf are always courteous and helpful.Location for me was perfect as you can take the Star Ferry across the harbour to Central in a few minutes.The view is magnificent and the ammenities in the hotel are second to none ! Dining in the hotel can be expensive compared to local restaurants but the service is fantastic and exceeds expectations time and time again.Per fect base for business travellers and tourists alike ... enkoy your experience..  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Lemniot
<Content>Great cakes! Difficult one this!Unlike the previous reviewers who mostly seem to love this hotel, I have mixed feelings. Nothing I can really put my finger on. I have to rate it highly, because it is such an attractive, well run operation but I did not massively enjoy my stay. Maybe it was just too big for me? Maybe because we could have had a slightly better room for the money?It is a little out of the way in a very quiet but pretty harbourside spot with an attractive walkway/promenade in front. The views are sensational but then all the views in Hong Kong are! We liked the position (on balance) because of the peace and quiet and because it was close to the other Star Ferry, the one that takes three times as long to get across to HK Island. The free shuttle was a boon and we used it most days.It is certainly not a cheap hotel but then the service is exemplary, the rooms are very smart and clean and it is worth splashing out on a harbour view but avoid our room 637 or any other -37, where the view - though still amazing - was slightly restricted. The gym was brilliant with every sort of facility and the rooftop pool was pretty sensational and we had great pleasure using it. I found the Business Centre very helpful and not expensive to use, though I suspect it helps that I am not one of those heavy businessmen types that demand a lot and are very curt to the staff. Best of all - the lovely cakes and pastries in the small bakery/cafe downstairs. Well had to have a reason to go to the gym!  
<Date>Apr 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel Stayed at the Harbour Plaza for 10 days. Had 2 rooms as was travelling with a friend, both of which where very clean and tidy, only took courtview room's which we had nothing to complain about.The shuttel bus into town was the easy way to go and ran on time all the time. But it is still very easy to all walk or catch a taxi.The staff were very well trained and have to say the hotel food was excellent and we eat there in the evening quite a few times after long days out site seeing. Try the waterfront bar it has happy hour every night from 5.30 to 8.30 buy 1 drink get another free.The only thing I didn't like was the HK$5000 (拢400) deposit for each room and they do not take debit cards. So we had nearly 拢800 pounds on hold which we could not spend. Just wish we had known about that before we had gone to allow for that.But all in all I would go back to this hotel again without any doubts.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>yauhin
<Content>Quite a good hotel...       The pool  
<Date>Mar 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Out of the way but nice views I had a decent stay recently at the Harbour Plaza Hong Kong. I knew the hotel was in Kowloon, but I was surprised when the airport shuttle dropped me off. This hotel is not in the tourist area of Tsim Sha Tsui, but east of there in Hung Hom. Luckily, the hotel has efficient shuttle bus service to the center, or better yet, there is a star ferry terminal at Hung Hom nearby (if you are going to Central HK). In the end, I liked staying away from the hords of tourist and commuting in with the locals, but be aware of this, if like me, you are thinking this hotel in in a central location. I had several problems at check in, I requested non-smoking and got smoking, I booked a harbour view and got a courtyard view, I was suppose to get breakfast and they said no. It got worked out more or less, but I still got a smoking room and on the first floor for guests. The room was just OK, a little musty and old in spots. But even on the lower floor, the harbour view was fantastic! This place is all about the view, there is just no reason to book a courtyard view here. Spend the extra dollars. Breakfast was quite good with alot of variety. There are nice areas to walk along the harbour, and the shopping area of Whampoa Gardens has everything you'll need for food and snacks.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>KCKansasCity
<Content>Fair! My husband two teenagers and I stayed at the Harbour Plaza recently and left after one night. We booked connecting harbour view rooms for our stay and only one was ready when we checked in at 6pm. We were told that the other had plumbing problems, but we were able to get into both rooms at 7pm that evening. While we were waiting for our room we had dinner in the main restaurant on the lobby level. We were the only ones in the restaurant and the service was terribly slow. There were cigarette ashes on the place mats, and the food was fair at best. Our rooms seemed fine, and had a nice view of the harbour. My husband tried to hook up his laptop computer but there was nothing to plug it into. He called the business center (the phone rang over 20 times), and they sent up a cable which had to be stretched across the room. All seemed to be well until he tried to send email messages. The computer connection cut out and he lost 50 percent of the work that he had been doing. This happened repeatedly. The rooms and linens smelled of smoke and a flowery air freshener that was used to mask it. It didn;t work. The duvet on the king bed did not cover the width of the bed, and the bedspread on top of it was smelly and pilled. After finally falling asleep housekeeping barged into our room (without knocking or announcing themselves) for turn down service. This hotel would be fine for those who are strictly tourists and on a limited budget, however as my husband found out the hard way the conditions are very primitive for those trying to conduct business from their room. The staff was okay, but didn't make any unnecessary effort (i.e. the doorman was busy talking with his co-workers most of the time). Overall it was not a horrible experience, but everything about the Harbour Plaza seemed just FAIR.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>jhjr
<Content>Great Value and Superb View Stayed here in February 2006 for one night in the Harborview Suite. Room was excellent and bed very comfortable. Bathroom spotless, but water pressure unpredictable. Booked a room through Summit Hotels See you in Asia promotion with Visa. Front desk apparently were not familiar with the rate, and I had to bring supporting documentation down to the front desk to get breakfast. The pool is truly spectacular with expansive views of Victoria Harbor and Central. Hotel is situated directly on the water, so views are second only to the Intercontinental. It is a little out of the way, so if you're going out after 11pm, you will need a taxi. Otherwise, no problems since shuttle to Tsim Sha Tsui is very reliable, and ferries to Central and Causeway Bay are a three minute walk. This is a great, great bargain.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>MistyLaw2
<Content>Happy at Harbour Plaza This is a good value hotel with stunning harbour views from the lobby.Rooms are large for Hong Kong and tastefully decorated.The hotel loses out on full marks however as our Court View room didn't have a bath which after a long haul flight I was looking forward to. It did have a massive and powerful shower.Apart from this the Harbour Plaza was excellent. Staff were friendly, service was good and the courtesy bus into Kowloon centre was a bonus. There are plenty of restaurants but they were pricey. I'd recommend this hotel for families, couples and people who like good quality accommodation but without the price tag of other more famous five-star hotels.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>bshort4
<Content>Could not ask for better.... Spent three nights in this hotel from March 7th to 10th and was most impressed. From the greeting at the front door to the speedy check-in service and the lovely room I could not have asked for more. I booked a harbour view room that had a huge window facing the harbour which is right next to the hotel. The room is of good size with a lovely bathroom and the beds were very soft for Hong Kong. Room included a pot to boil water for either tea or coffee which were complimentry in the room. The bathrooms include everything you need in case you forgot something---from combs to razors to toothbrushs and robes and slippers. All the hotel personnel speak perfect English and are eager to assist you with any problem or request you might have. The rooftop pool is great even though we didn't have a chance to use it because the weather was a bit chilly but the views from there were outstanding. The hotel is alittle off the beaten path in a quiet neighborhood which was nice. We found a lovely coffee shop a block from the hotel with great coffee and pastries and free computers to use if you bought something to drink. The hotel runs a free shuttle every half hour to downtown Kowloon for shopping or for getting on the subway system. A ferry pier is a three minute walk from the hotel to catch the ferry across the harbour to Hong kong for about .40 cents USA. They also have shuttle busses that stop there and take you to the Airport Express train for free. We paid about $130 American per night for the harbour view room through Asia Rooms, non harbour view rooms would be less expensive. If you want a great hotel to stay in that you will not be disappointed in you can't go wrong with the Harbour Plaza Hong Kong. Please do not confuse it with the other Harbour View hotels like the Metropolis (sp) which are not as nice.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Longdrive
<Content>Happy that we booked the Harbour Plaza               More photos  
<Date>Mar 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>iGuy
<Content>Great Place to Relax  The tail end of a 2 month trip throughout SE Asia found us with 4 nights in HK so as frequent Tripadvisor users we factored in the previous reviews and chose the Harbour Plaza. We booked using an online site and got a great rate for HK!We were somewhat trepidatious of the locale but the moment we pulled up the entrance driveway, were greeted by the Indian Doorman and witnessed the incredible harbour view through the wall of glass we knew we were in the right place. Our check in was smooth (thanks Queenie!) and our side harbourview room was just what we needed.Our standard room was very large(especially by HK standards)and in perfect condition. The king bed was so comfortable that we routinely slept in quite late. The rooftop pool and fitness center are first rate(what a view!)and the twice an hour free shuttle got us right downtown onto Nathan road in just a few minutes.Unfortunately the restaurants, minibar and business center are very pricey. A USD$5 can of coke or USD$10 bottle of water is simply unreasonable as is the Internet access at USD$6 for 15 mins. Luckily you just have to step outside into the Whampoa Gardens neighborhood where you can eat drink and surf quite affordably.Great housekeeping, incredible staff and fabulous service make this a wonderful hotel and we will undoubtedly consider it again on our next trip to Hong Kong.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>IP_Travelers
<Content>Good Overall Experience We spent 5 nights at the end of January with a harbor view room.Upon checkin the hotel wanted a cash deposit (we try to not use credit cards) and was willing to accept a smaller than normal USD deposit until we could get HKD the next day. Then for the next 3 days the hotel could not decide if they wanted the larger HKD deposit or not. It was a bit frustrating but Stanley the manager finally took care of things and gave us credit for one day of Internet use, saving us $150 HKD.The breakfast buffet is good but expensive ($110 HKD). Instead, walk down the road for 5 minutes to Wampoa mall. It looks like a big ocean liner dropped in the middle of the city. They have a good food court with lots of selections. There are also reasonably prices eateries in the area of Wampoa and a 7-11 store for beer and wine and snacks.The housekeeping staff did not keep the room as clean as you would expect and the maintenance staff could have spent an hour in the room taking care of small items.The TV channel selection was mediocre, but the view from the room was really nice. And the room was decent sized as well.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very good hotel We stayed at the hotel and had our wedding receptionthere in Dec 2005. The rooms were small but very smart and clean. Recommend you pay etxra for a harbour view room. Service was very good and the hotel has an expensive feel to it. Star Ferry Terminal is five minutes walk so access to Central and other areas is pretty good. defintely worth saving the extra money it would cost you for lesser hotels in Wanchai, Central etc.We recommend it unreservedly  
<Date>Feb 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MagicFlute
<Content>Fantastic Experience Can't fault this hotel. Everything is great. We were worried that it was a little out of the way but it proved to be a good position, near the ferry. The views of the harbor from our room couldn't be bettered. Restaurants very good. Would stay there again. Best place we stayed on our round the world trip.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>fifibell
<Content>Great quality at decent prices The Harbour Plaza is a very good hotel at a more reasonable price, presumably due to being slightly further out than other hotels of a similar standard. There is nothing particularly unique about this hotel but it is suitably grand with a stunning sweeping staircase and the obligatory fountains and columns. The room (a large harbour view double) was extremely spacious and smartly furnished. The only slight disappointment was the harbour view from our room which was not quite the harbour view of hong kong island as we had a corner room looking away from the main harbour area.All in all, a good find if you want to stay in a top end hotel and don't mind the minor inconvenience of taking the shuttle bus to and from the centre. Taxis are also very cheap so it is not a problem even once the shuttle has stopped at 11.30 pm.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Harbour Plaza HK - Very Romantic Hotel My husband and I stayed at this beautiful hotel just this past month, for 6 days. Would definitely return. Although the hotel had all the standard modern amenities (for business travellers) the harbourside location, traditional style furnishings and excellent service lent the place a more old world, elegant, feel. Lobby was absolutely stunning. Floor to ceiling glass window (at least 2 stories high)with an unobstructed harbour view. Staff was knowledgeable, efficient, courteous and spoke amazing English. Rooms are very big by HK standards - bathroom even has a stereo system connected to the TV. Had a glass of wine on the patio our first night - very romantic setting. We found the location to be a plus rather than a drawback - after a very hectic day it was so relaxing to retreat to somewhere quiet. The Whampoa district is also a better opportunity to get a better feel for local life if you walk around the neighbourhood - much preferable to touristy TST or Central. We felt we were living among the locals and could actually observe people going to school nearby or getting their groceries..etc. - these experiences added a more intimate and enriching feel to our stay in HK. In addition the air quality at the hotel location was noticeably better than in either TST or Central.The one drawback we found was that the hotel buffet breakfast was a bit expensive for not a great variety of items to select from although what we did get was a top quality mix of Western and Chinese standard breakfast items. It was also amazing experience to have your coffee and croissant accompanied by an unobstructed view of HK harbour as the city was just waking up. A somewhat zen experience - the buffet area itself (the PROMENADE) was very spacious, located just off the lobby and occupying much of it, and a GREAT place to people watch. A number of Chinese and English daily papers were provided (complementary). No casual Western eateries nearby to grab a more reasonably priced quick breakfast however, I didn't mind since I, being Chinese, just frequented the many Chinese noodle shops in the neighbourhood. (There is also a Maxim's nearby which offers very reasonable Chinese food in a Western environment.)Very efficient, punctual and clean shuttle buses Very courteous shuttle drivers. One of the drivers had a penchant for Air Supply songs, which we found very endearing. Drawback - last shuttle of the day from TST to the hotel is 11:30 pm. Definitely deserves a return stay. Particularly suitable for a romantic getaway.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An Oasis In A City We stayed for 6 days at Habour Plaza, in kowloon. The Hotel is very elegant and locates right on the water front with magnificient view of the Victoria Habour. The atmosphere is definately upscale. What we like: It provides a great view of HK city-scape at night. Make sure you request a Habour View Room. You will not regret it. It is close by Wompoa District which has many shops and restaurants. It is a quite oasis in a hustle city. The Waichai Ferry is a five minutes walk to catch a ferry over to HK. An evening walk on the water front is a plus. What we did not like: lack of quick cafe style venue to allow for you to catch a quite bite before heading out. The staff could be friendlier. Watch out for your hotel bill--I was charged for a fax service that i did not request (small amount). The interior of the room could be cleaner and need some updating. We will definately return to this hotel in the future.P.S.-make sure you tell taxi driver that this is the Habour Plaza and not the Habour Metropolis (same owner but this one is actually in the business district of Kowloon).  
<Date>Jan 16, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>tearose
<Content>One of the Very Best Hotels in Hong Kong! Just returned from a 24-day trip to Southeast Asia that included stays in five 5-star hotels. All were excellent, but this is the one whose memory keeps coming to mind. (Read the titles of the preceding 10 reviews; all are accurate!)  This is a hotel with a breathtakingly beautiful lobby and location right on the Hong Kong harbor. I never seemed to tire of standing at my wall-to-wall window on the 17th floor and watching all the shipping activity, and the lights across the water on Victoria Island.  It's no wonder that Premier Hu of China has stayed at the Harbour Plaza three times in recent years, including during the British turnover of the territory to China on July 1, 1997. If I were him, I would too. The hotel is heavily favored by wealthy local Hong Kong citizens as well as international travelers. In our brief three-day visit, we observed a number of beautiful Chinese wedding parties, complete with decorated Bentleys, Rolls Royces, etc.  The staff we interacted with were as friendly and efficient as one would hope for in a 5-star establishment. A Mercedes limo transfer to the airport was reasonable by American standards: $64.50 for the 15-mile or so trip.  More than half the rooms at the Harbour Plaza have unimpeded views of the harbor; if you stay here, be sure to get one, unless you don't like spectacular views. The sweeping marble staircase in the lobby is unforgettable; so is the infinity pool on the hotel roof, although the water temperature in late November was just tolerable. The hotel is in a very good area. Immediately adjacent, and matching the hotel's architecture, is a brand new 70-story condominium tower with what are reputed to be the highest prices per square foot in Hong Kong (well, that's what the taxi driver told us). The area (Hung Hom) has a beautiful promenade along the waterfront that is a bit over a mile long. While many other hotels in Hong Kong have harbor views, only the Intercontinental comes to mind as having a similar promenade.  While Hung Hom seems a bit distant from the crowds on Nathan Road and at Ocean Centre, the hotel's free shuttle leaves exactly on the hour and half-hour for the 10-minute trip, with stops at the Shangri-La Kowloon and the Peninsula. The Star Ferry pier to Victoria is a 3-minute walk along the promenade. Hong Kong has many good hotels, each with strong points. However, in addition to its waterfront location, beautiful architecture, and 5-star service, the Harbour Plaza rates extremely well on a price-value ratio. It's really fun to see a place that succeeds so well.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>impulsetraveller
<Content>Wonderful hotel! Huge rooms by hong kong standards!   showReview(4018651, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 13, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>arferdaily
<Content>Smart hotel, good location, great rooftop pool   showReview(3746805, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Travebug
<Content>Fabulous location...   showReview(3555861, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 15, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Location, Location       From entry  
<Date>Jun 5, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>frosty205
<Content>great place   showReview(3439677, 'full');   
<Date>May 5, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>RichardChesterton
<Content>Great Hotel   showReview(3315530, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 31, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ChipPan
<Content>Hard to fault   showReview(2972491, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 3, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>caroline_little
<Content>Fantastic View   showReview(2697718, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very bad customer assistance, problems not solved.   showReview(2497748, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2004
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

<Author>MissBoo
<Content>Fantastic   showReview(2461501, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>btz75
<Content>Fantastique escale 脿 HGK       LIT  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>锛缉锛ｏ迹锛缉
<Content>婧€瓒炽仹銇欙紒   showReview(23240306, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>銈娿倱銇?> 銈娿倱銇?</a> </div>
<Content>灞嬩笂銉椼兗銉偟銈ゃ儔銇嬨倝銇満銈併亴鏈€楂橈紒   showReview(23170551, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>銇°亪銇°亪
<Content>鏈熷緟浠ヤ笂銇儧銉嗐儷銆?#x201d;   showReview(23098215, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Panko62
<Content>鍏ㄩ潰銈儵銈广仹娴蜂竴鏈涳紒   showReview(22989896, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>DHor
<Content>un hotel reposant 脿 HK c'est rare       la piscine sur le toit  
<Date>Nov 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Hijedo
<Content>No est谩 mal, pero si vuelvo a HK, probar茅 otro m谩s centrico   showReview(21327917, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	3	3	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绱犳暤銇с仐銇?#x201d;   showReview(21745177, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>璞彲   showReview(21744791, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MICKIKI
<Content>銇°倗銇ｃ仺銉儍銉併仾姘楀垎   showReview(20714153, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>銈炽偣銉?> 銈炽偣銉?</a> </div>
<Content>閮ㄥ眿銇屽簝銇?#x201d;   showReview(20655104, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绱犳暤銇у揩閬?#x201d;   showReview(21744595, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>chiakipenguin
<Content>銈儯銈汇偆銇彇銇ｃ仸銈傘倝銇ｃ仧瀹挎硦銆併仾銇溿亱銈广偆銉笺儓銇?#x201d;   showReview(20499165, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	4	5	4	

<Author>helen1217
<Content>鍓插畨銇珮绱氥儧銉嗐儷   showReview(20409639, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TEMAMER
<Content>ausgezeichnetes Hotel   showReview(19406974, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇嶃倢銇?#x201d;   showReview(19915287, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>銉犮兗銉熴兂銉炪優
<Content>鍠ч⊕銈掗洟銈屻€侀潤銇嬨仹钀姐仭鐫€銇戙倠銉涖儐銉仹銇?#x201d;   showReview(18940123, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>klasse   showReview(22950869, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(19643139, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉ㄣ兂妲樸倐娉娿伨銇ｃ仧銉涖儐銉紒銇с倐銇ㄣ仯銇︺倐銉兗銈恒儕銉栥儷鈾?#x201d;   showReview(19888921, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>浣庢枡閲戙仹娉娿伨銈屻倠璞彲銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(19888840, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>contedimontecristo79
<Content>Fantastico!       hall  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏂劧銈偣銈广儭锛併€€闈欍亱銇儶銈俱兗銉堛儧銉嗐儷   showReview(19888629, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>灞嬩笂銇儣銉笺儷锛嗐偢銉ｃ偘銈搞兗銇渶楂橈紒   showReview(19888340, 'full');   
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Immer wieder gerne   showReview(15568029, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Spitzenhotel   showReview(15568027, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Selbst f眉r den verw枚hnten Gast kaum zu 眉berbieten   showReview(14726592, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>闈欍亱銇т究鍒?#x201d;   showReview(19887715, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Top-Hotel mit tollem Blick auf Hong Kongs Skyline   showReview(13977941, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent rapport qualit茅 prix et emplacement privil茅gi茅 sur le port   showReview(13977937, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr sch枚n   showReview(13977936, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>灞嬩笂銉椼兗銉亱銈夎銈嬪鏅?#x201d;   showReview(19887441, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Hotel in Hong Kong   showReview(13191538, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈炽偣銉堛儜銉曘偐銉笺優銉炽偣鑹ソ   showReview(19887210, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ChiliPepperChina
<Content>Ein Highlight der Hong Kong Reise   showReview(11886325, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>闈欍亱銇珛鍦般仹銇?#x201d;   showReview(19887010, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>travelbearMannheim
<Content>Trippelzimmer       Tripplezimmer, Klappbet auf Rollen  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	2	5	1	2	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon h么tel   showReview(11303057, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 23, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>蹇仼銇с仐銇?#x201d;   showReview(19886131, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>sailard
<Content>D茅cevant pour un 5 茅toiles   showReview(8602433, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	2	4	2	2	2	

<Author>gingero
<Content>Assolutamente da provare!   showReview(8590547, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏅壊銇屻倛銇嬨仯銇熴仹銇欍€?#x201d;   showReview(19885512, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>JaviK
<Content>Excelente hotel   showReview(7941022, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	2	5	5	5	4	

<Author>schilling04
<Content>Einfach nur super   showReview(7741485, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉忋兗銉愩兗銉撱儱銉硷紵   showReview(19884735, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 3, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sehr gut   showReview(11346438, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇ㄣ仸銈傛簚瓒炽仐銇︺亜銇俱仚   showReview(19884400, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 10, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>La piscine la plus c茅l猫bre de HK   showReview(11338537, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇娿仚銇欍倎   showReview(19884088, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 12, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lubu
<Content>Super h么tel 脿 conseiller         
<Date>Apr 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>钀姐仭銇ゃ亜銇熴儧銉嗐儷銈广儐銈ゃ亴妤姐仐銈併伨銇?#x201d;   showReview(19883404, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 5, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绱犳暤銇儧銉嗐儷銇с仚锛?#x201d;   showReview(19882557, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇倱銇炽倞銉涖儐銉儵銈ゃ儠   showReview(19930331, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 11, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鈼忎簨鍓嶃亱銈夊ソ鍗拌薄...   showReview(19916524, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 20, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

