<Author>Grec
<Content>central location - good hotel We spent a week over New Year at the Hampton Inn. Initially we thought of staying in Miami Beach but found the hotel rates there too high. All in all the Hampton Inn wasn鈥檛 a bad choice considering that we undertook some out-of-town trips in several directions. The drive to Miami Beach takes about 20 minutes. The hotel is quite convenient for heading south (Key West) or north (Fort Lauderdale). The staff was really friendly and helpful. The breakfast buffet is okay and there is also some space along the pool for enjoying breakfast open air. The room was spacious and clean, the amenities good (wireless internet, coffee maker, TV, etc.), the beds very comfy, and the windows almost completely soundproof. The only (little) trouble we had was with the bathroom, which didn鈥檛 have a tub and was regularly flooded after only one shower.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>2	4	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>DelinaJ
<Content>Good value for money..... Just come back from a three night stay at the Hampton. Well what can i say it's no Hilton but it's not far. The service is excellent and the rooms are spacious and clean. I went with my three year old son who was super excited about the unlimited drinks and snacks on offer 24hrs in adittion to the lovely bagels and fruit selection at breakfast. The hotels staff are very friendly and accomodating. The hotel is across the street from 24hr stores, food joints and a mini shopping area. It is also close to the main malls, and international airport , which made the location perfect for our Miami shopping experience.I would advise anyone to go to the Hampton and i will be going back.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kands6191
<Content>Excellent value; below average location Stayed at this hotel for 2 nights pre-cruise. Very nice room. Great free breakfast and coffee service. Didn't use pool but it seemed nice. Business office offered free internet access which was very helpful. There was a small pantry selling snacks at absolutely ridiculous prices. Only reason to use the pantry would be to avoid leaving the grounds of the hotel. The surrounding area is pretty run down. There are no restaurants except a few fast food places. I didn't feel very safe in the area, especially at night. The hotel has gated parking that you need a room key to access. It seemed fairly secure, but I can see how someone with bad intentions could easily hop the fence and break into a car and then throw the stolen goods back over the fence. I noticed that the door at the back of the hotel near the eating area that is locked at night (need room key to open) got stuck open a couple of times when we were going through it with our bags. We had to put down our stuff and pull it shut. If you didn't realize that it wasn't going to close behind you, it could end up being open all night long. If someone wanted to jump the fence and access the hotel this way it would be easy. I appreciate the manager's response on this site, but I do have to say I am disturbed by the guest's report of a poor response from the hotel. That would be a very traumatic thing to have happen. If the break-in wasn't discovered until 7:30 AM, it shows the security guard wasn't patrolling the grounds at all. Knowing the neighborhood that this hotel is in and the lack of effort from the security guard and poor response from the hotel to the other guest's break-in, I have to say I won't stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	1	5	5	4	5	

<Author>kateharmond
<Content>Go to this hotel! This is a real gem of a hotel - great staff, nice pool area, free wi-fi and very close to convenience stores. They even offer free airport transfers and include a good breakfast. Excellent for business or leisure travel, and very safe for lone female visitors.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Travelin'hoody
<Content>Solid, reliable, clean, updated and convenient I've stayed at this hotel on about 15 occasions in 2008. The staff is friendly and the rooms are fairly updated and very clean. The free breakfast is always good. The shuttle to and from the airport is quick and always reliable.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bossarmani
<Content>amazing hotel I just stayed at this hotel for 2 days and couldnt wait to come home to write my brief own personal review.1- nice location2- secure parking3- excellent staff4- amazing breakfast5- HONEST WORKERS that can be trusted. 6- beautiful hotelIf you want to know more email me . Stay there if you go to miami , you cant go wrong.  Eric and Joanna  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>kevinVictoriaBc
<Content>just fine After checking out tripadvisor reviews I thought this hotel would work for one night for a morning flight home. I arrived at MIA in the evening, asked someone where to get hotel shuttles, easily found it in about 5 mins, only passenger, had a breeze checking in, checked email, printed boarding pass, nice people, nice room for the price, crashed, woke up, adequate brekkie, easy shuttle to airport. Absolutely no complaints. Very good airport hotel.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>midgatraveler
<Content>Not a secure location; beware We stayed here the night before leaving a cruise because we were told they had secure, gated parking. One of the families in our party parked in their secure garage only to discover the morning of departure that their vehicle window had been smashed and all of their belongings (including their luggage) had been stolen during the night. Upon investigation we discovered that the fence securing the parking deck had holes in it and had been poorly mended. So much for secure parking.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	2	4	4	3	4	

<Author>qarliv
<Content>Loved this Hampton Although I always liked to stay at Hampton, this one was surprisingly excellent. Outside it looks just fine. The lobby is nice with free Internet and computer access in a business room near the lobby. It even has a printer. The staff was very helpful. I shipped several packages to this hotel and everything was delivered to me in time without any mistakes. The management is also great by following all my instruction exactly. The breakfast is good with the possibility to take away. The room is large with a small kitchen that is very convenient and a living room. There is room to organize your luggage before your flight. I highly recommend this hotel for an airport stay. There is even a supermarket just across the street and 3 restaurants - Italian, Chinese and Burger King. The neighborhood on the other hand is not for walking around.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>The_Strategist
<Content>Good value for money The Hampton Inn is located near the airport. The interesting parts of Miami are Miami Beach and Key Biscane.The hotel is average but constitutes a great value for the price I'd say as all extras are free: swimming pool, fitness room and secured parking is also included.Breakfast was good... cheese eggs, biscuits, cereals, oatmeal, breads/bagels, yogurts, fruit. They also offer breakfast on the go bags...nice touch. Cookies were available in the evening.Service was helpful and the front desk even had menus of area restaurants.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	4	3	5	

<Author>JHarrington
<Content>Best Hampton Inn we've seen! First, I should say, the Hampton Inn is not a luxury hotel - it is a good basic chain hotel with basic amenities. That being said, my husband and I were treated betterat this Hampton Inn than we have been at $1200/nt hotels elsewhere. We stayed at this hotel for the reason many others do - a pre-cruise night in Miami. We arrived early in the day, to accomodate a visit to Miami Beach to eat at a restaurant we'd been wanting to get to. Upon arrival, our room was immediately available (although it was before check in time). We had a lovely room on a higher floor, with a view of nothing in particular, but that was OK with us. Although it was in close proximity to the airport, there was no airport noise that we noticed. The gentleman at the front desk offered the use of the shuttle, although we had a vehicle so we didn't need it. He also shared info about some local restaurants, and was in general very accomodating and friendly. We felt very welcome at this hotel. Bed was very comfy - room was very clean. Check out was a breeze, and breakfast was great. I had my 'norm' - fruit and yogurt, but my husband partook in the hot breakfast of the day, which was an open faced bagel sandwich. He said it was much better than he'd expected, given that it was sitting in a chafing dish. I'd highly recommend for a pre-cruise night, or even a visit to Miami, as long as you don't mind being 'away from the action' a bit.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	3	4	5	5	3	

<Author>jrose8140
<Content>Met all our needs!       Miami Beaches are just 20 minutes from hotel  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JanJanTn
<Content>It's Simple and Predictable I like the predictability of Hampton Inn. Breakfast was good...cheese eggs, biscuits, cereals, oatmeal, breads/bagels, yogurts, fruit. They also offer breakfast on the go bags...nice touch. Cookies were available in the evening.The sheets on the bed were a little slimmer than other Hampton Inns that I've stayed in, but it was fine. Not the best, but fine.Service was helpful and the front desk even had menus of area restaurants. Fitness center included eliptical maches, treadmills, and a weight lifting system thing...no free weights. Pool was on top of the parking deck.Secured parking included.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	3	3	4	3	4	

<Author>GA_Lady_Traveler
<Content>Good Pre-Cruise Hotel       Room at the Hampton Inn Blue Lagoon, Miami  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>united90
<Content>Great staff. Little bit of noise, but totally worthed.       Double queen  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	2	4	5	4	3	

<Author>Coach_Lange
<Content>Geat place for a pre-cruise hotel!! We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights in late August. We had originally planned to stay only one night, but due to weather concerns, we came down a day early. I called the hotel while we were boarding the plan and they were very quickly able to get us in for another night. That was such a huge help as we were a bit frazzled with our last minute change in plans. We met the hotel's free van right outside the arrival's door and were quickly wisked to the hotel. We found it to be very nice - clean and comfortable, too. The front desk staff was very accomodating and quickly got us checked in. We took a quick tour of the hotel and found warm cookies in the room where they serve breakfast each morning. We then took a quick swim.For dinner, we walked cross the street. There is a strip mall there and had dinner at a great little Chinese place. From there we walked to CVS and picked up a few things we needed for our cruise.The Hamptom made our pre-cruise stay a great part of our total vacation and I would not hesitate to stay there again. I have nothing negative (really) to say about the property or the staff.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>junepearle
<Content>extremely LOVELY hotel we stayed here for one night ,as we were going on a cruise, we had a suite for 4 adults , 2 children, it was absolutely beautiful clean, VERY comfy beds, decor was modern their pool is open late, on the second floor , (outdoors,) was grand ,and a hot tub, the staff really make you feel at home, their breakfast IS continental, which is included , but its enough to get you by,the place is great i cannot say enough about it, do not hesitate to go here if your fussy like myself,  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>juju571
<Content>Great Hotel We stayed here on night on our way to the Bahamas. It's in a great location, 10 minutes or so from the airport but you seriously cannot hear the planes at night! I am such a light sleeper and I slept very well, the hotel was extremely quiet. We never heard any of the other guests. The front desk staff was extremely friendly, and they even upgraded us to a suite without us even asking! The room was very large and felt very clean. There was a bag of micowave popcorn for us in the kitchen, I thought that ws cool! The bed was comfy, our room had 2 tv's, and the bathroom very nice. It's right next to a shopping center with restaurants and a Walgreens and CVS. The comp breakfast was very nice, omlets, cereal, bagels, yougert, milk, juice, coffee, they even had bagged breakfasts if you had to go. Breakfast room had large flat screen with the news on. Staff here was also very nice. I would highly recommend this hotel if you need to be by the airport. There's also a free shuttle every 30 to and from the airport. Our room was only $149/night. Pretty great for Miami.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Cruisedogs2
<Content>Best kept secret in Miami! Our group of 6 people stayed at the Hampton Inn Blue Lagoon for 2 nights prior to a cruise. When you first drive up you think, wow this is not such a great hotel and what's all the fuss about. But, as soon as you check in you realize that it's a wonderful place! The people at the front desk go above and beyond to help with all your needs and the rooms are absolutely spotless. VERY, VERY comfortable beds and linens. The complimentary breakfast is very good with a large selection of breads, pastries, cereals (both hot and cold) and different hot items each morning. Great coffee and juice also. The hotel is very convenient to a CVS Pharmacy, Walgreens, McDonalds, a grocery store and shopping mall - all within a 2 block walk. We will definately stay here on our next trip to Miami!  
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TheContextIsRelative
<Content>Loved the Hampton Inn Blue Lagoon!!! Caught the complimentary shuttle to the hotel from the Miami Airport. About a ten minute ride. On entering was checked in quickly and assigned a room as requested. The desk staff is muy simpatico and always had a genuine smile. Like nearly everywhere in Miami, all of the staff was bilingual and the first language was spanish. I haven't seen a well oiled desk staff like this in a long time but it was very welcome and a great way to start off our cruise vacation. Got the luggage cart and headed up to check in to our room overlooking the airport and lagoon to the north. Our room was clean and well made up with a small table and two chairs at the window. That made for a nice spot to read while watching the international traffic at the airport and jetskis in the lagoon. The view from the top floor was great to watch and was still far enough from the airport that there was very little, if any, noise. Beds were comfortable and pillows were great.We went down to check out the pool and grabbed a complimentary banana along with some coffee. This lobby area is clean and well decorated. The drink and (healthy!) snack supplies were generous and always available. The pool and hot tub were clean and swimming was refreshing.Internet was accessed wirelessly with a hotel assigned code (changed every 24 hours). It was speedy and there wasn't a place in the hotel I couldn't get connectivity.One of the nice things staying here pre-cruise is that you can do your shopping here by just going across the street. There is a supermarket and liquor store along with a small strip mall to the west, while to the south there is a Wendy's, McDonalds, Walgreens and CVS. For dinner, we were able to use the hotel shuttle (with a decent tip) to get over to the 94th Aero Squadron for dinner. It is only about a 1/4 mile north of the hotel, but walking was out of the question due to the lack of sidewalks all the way there. We simply called the desk for a pickup and the driver stopped on his way back from the airport to get us back to the hotel. Great service (and a decent tip) went a long way toward making this a comfortable start.The morning breakfast was appetizing but not overly done down in the second floor lobby. To get to the port, we asked the front desk for cab recommendations. They offered to call a cab for us and since we had a lot of luggage and the family, they made sure it wasn't a sedan, but a GMC Suburban instead. Checkout was a breeze and again the desk staff was enthusiastically friendly. A quick 20 minute cab ride dropped us and our luggage right at the cruise terminal.In my book, this is a hard package to beat. Great rates, clean rooms, great staff, extra ameneties, incredible service and pre-cruise last minute shopping right across the street. Easy to recommend!!  
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>peggyppk1
<Content>Great Place and Staff I stayed at this hotel one night before a cruise. The room and bathroom are very clean and the bed very comfortable. I booked this hotel based on the reviews on Tripadvisor and am glad I did. I made the reservation months in advance directly with the hotel and when I noticed the lower rates on their website near the travel date I called and they honored the lower price without giving me any trouble. I had called several other times regarding the shuttle to the port and the person I spoke to everytime was always helpful and polite. I did not notice any flight noises even though the location of the hotel is probably directly in the flight path. Be aware that the hotel van picks up on the departure level instead of the arrival level. If we had not called the hotel we would have been waiting forever at the wrong place! We waited about 30 min for the van but had no trouble recognizing it. Everyone at the hotel, the staff at the reception desk and breakfast room, the driver, etc. seemed happy to help. We were offered rides to nearby restaurants in the van but decided to take a walk after a 4+ hour flight from the west coast. Had a very nice dinner at the 94th Aero Squadron about a 10 min walk up the street. You can see the small planes take off out your window - no noise!! Breakfast was not gourmet Sunday brunch but adequate to kickstart the day - omelets, ham, pastries and breads, cereals, fruits, yogurt,juices coffee and teas. The shuttle to the port was on time and took about 10 min. I agree with the other reviewers that the staff at this hotel gives the impression they actually like having you there! This is probably not the place to stay for a vacation but for short Miami stops I would definitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ukbyron
<Content>Hampton-Inn as Pre-Cruise hotel Stayed here for two nights as a pre-cruise destination. The hotel transfer from the airport was quick and simple with a great driver who helped us with our luggage on to the bus. Check in was quick and efficient with great staff who told us about the local area and the bus service to the Dolphin Mall which we used the next day.The room was quiet, spotlessly clean and well equipped with free internet access and one of the most comfortable hotel beds we've ever slept in.A small shopping mall across the road has a supermarket, Italian restaurant and fast food outlets. A shuttle service operates to the port at 11am, 12pm and 1pm - we booked with reception - $10/person which was good value compared to a taxi. W saw this hotel was highly rated on Trip-Advisor and weren't disappointed. Highly recommended.  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rcardoso
<Content>GREAT PLACE We Were at this hotel for 10 nigths . Very well located , near everything .very nice and clean rooms , comfortable bed , made every day . Very clean and modern bathroom , no nasty odorsThe best thing abouth this hotel is it麓s people , always there when you need them , very kind and useful . Theres is a small mall acrfoss rhe street with everything including a supermarket , CVS pharmacy,Walgreenes , a bank with ATM , gas station ,Office Depot , cuban , ialian and chinese food . Also nearby you cand find McDonalds,Wendys and Burger King , you choose.......Add a safe area , free gated parking well iluminated and wou will have a great place for the price  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Lvsportsnut
<Content>Group stay at the Hampton pre-cruise,. I am a travel agent. I booked approx. 12 rooms at the Hampton Inn for my group pre-cruise. We received a great price and very comfortable accommodations. My bed was awesome and the room and hotel were clean and well-decorated. A nice surprise in the hotel was the 2nd floor dining/lounge area. The hot tub and pool are located on this floor. Additionally, there is a nice lounge area that doubles as the breakfast room. In this area, is a plasma TV with a sofa and chairs. Coffee, tea and juices are available in this area 24/7. There are several fast food restaurants close to the hotel. There is no large American food chain (i.e. Chilis, Applebees, etc.) in the area which is a downside to the hotel location. Other restaurants in the area are Cuban, Chinese and Italian restaurants.  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	2	4	4	5	4	

<Author>starglitter
<Content>Great Place to Stay We stayed here one night before we returned back to Indy from our Key West vacation. This was a really nice place, the parking was secure, accessible by room key. The check-in staff were very friendly and offered suggestions how they would assist us to get an early to go breakfast since our flight out the next morning was a red eye. The rooms were clean and nicely appointed. Definitely recommend this place!  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>sdlivin76
<Content>Pre/Post Cruise Hotel I read the review's on TA and made my descision to stay here before our cruise. The shuttle picked us up from the airport (free) and it was a quick drive to the hotel. The location was nothing touristy but it serves it's purpose. The front desk was very friendly and provided quick service. The rooms were clean and nice. My only complaint was you could hear everything. When the person in the room next to us was using a blow dryer it sounded like it was in our room. Also we were next to the elevator which was tile (not carpet like the hall ways) so every suitcase that was being wheeled over the tile was loud. The room next to us was a family with kids. The mom was yelling at the kids to the point that I knew everyone in the rooms first name. I called the front desk and within a minute heard the phone ring in the room next door and heard the women apologizing for being loud. I was happy the front desk was so quick to respond. Across the street is a strip mall with several stores and food places. We ate at a Chinese restaurant that was very good and cheap for the amount of food. In the morning we ate the free breakfast provided by the hotel which was ok food. The hotel set up a shuttle ($10 per person) to pick us up and bring us to the ship terminal. All in all I would stay again and would recommend to others.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>KEWLBEANS
<Content>Very disappointed in hotel, staff and area This is the first time that I disagree with the previous trip reports- the staff was not helpful, the rooms were not amazing (the bed was creaky, towels smelled of that burnt, cheap hotel smell, easy t hear doord opening and closing, very noisy). The area was not very nice, there were ARMED guards everywhere-including the hotel and the grocery store (for a reason!). Breakfast was below sub standard, most of the items inedible, not fresh. We had booked last August. Requested a quiet room. We got to the room- keys did not work- the room was RIGHT next to the elevator. The receptionist was put off' by having to change our room. It was quite comical to see how many people returned to the front desk because their keys were not working. The key security system in their elevators does not work well either. I'm certain that the other travelers we met while we were there will not be returning to this hotel. I know we won't. Finally- the one thing that the previous reviewers were correct about was the inconvenience of the shuttle system (not entirely the hotel's fault). If you arrive at MIA and try to catch a hotel shutte you will understand. Best to spend $10 and catch a cab to the hotel. No problems with the shuttle from the hotel to the airport (thank goodness! we could not wait to leave!)  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	2	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>jwlnroe
<Content>Great Stay at Hampton Inn and Suites Blue Lagoon       publix stores  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>baseballfan2008
<Content>Great hotel! My wife and I had never been to Miami, and when I checked on TripAdvisor, let's just say the hotels in the $150-300 range go from average down to absolutely dreadful. I spent a little more to stay at this hotel, because of the great reviews, and after seeing some of the other places I had considered, boy, am I glad I did!!! First of all, the rooms are impeccably clean, modern, and quiet. The views are not great -- we looked out at the airport, the other side of the hotel you get a worse view -- but hey, it's not South Beach, so you shouldn't expect it. Second, there is free, gated parking -- first level is covered, second level is not. A very nice pool on the second level, which we never used.Third, their breakfast spread was very good for this range of hotel. The review that I just saw of this hotel is obviously from someone not accustomed to anything other than a full-service hotel, but as someone who stays in many Hampton Inns, Fairfield Inns, etc., it was very good. I liked that they had a juice machine and apples and bananas available 24 hours a day (and occasionally there were cookies).The front desk staff was incredibly helpful and friendly -- among the best I have encountered. The area around the hotel is nothing special, but it's safe and close to the airport and Coral Gables, plus close to major highways. The choices for dining around the hotel are limited -- we ate at the Cuban restaurant in the shopping center across the street, and while the food was decent, the service was DREADFUL, and we noticed that we received MUCH, MUCH worse service than the Spanish-speaking family that entered after us. If I had it to do again, I would have eaten in the nicer-looking Italian restaurant right next door.All in all, a great experience.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>fiberwave
<Content>You really feel like a guest As a Hilton Diamond Member I see the best and the worst during my extensive business travel. The only property that I enjoyed as much in the last several years in terms of overall experience was the Conrad in Hong Kong where I spent a week at the end of February.This was my third stay at the Hampton Miami Airport and I recommend the property to anyone seeking a friendly, well run property where the staff smile and actually address you by name. The suite was very clean and the location on the 11th floor was really quiet.I did not stay for breakfast because the room was very crowded and I was in a hurry. I imagine the service there was on a par with the rest of the hotel.I highly recommend that property to anyone looking for a great hotel experience,  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nerdy_grrl
<Content>Nice newer hotel close to Miami airport I think the previous reviewers were complaining because they were expecting a luxury hotel! This Hampton Inn is not a luxury property but it is in very good, newer condition, offers a speedy shuttle service to the airport and free breakfast. It also has a nice pool area and comfortable beds with nice linens (similar to a Sheraton). It is a bit on the pricey side, but so are most of the hotels around the airport, at least the decent ones! We were pleased with our stay and would recommend it to anyone. The staff were also very pleasant and helpful.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>Lottydog
<Content>Ok if you like travel lodge style I was expecting something much better than I got when we stayed here recently having read all these reviews. Yes the staff are helpful, yes it's very well located for the cruise port  airport  yes they transfer you free from the airport. Oh  yes they give you a 'free' breakfast. BUT it's all very average. We felt that it was vastly over priced for the basic room, no bar or restaurant and dreadful breakfast - 2 choices of hot scrambled eggs wth or without bacon bits. Lots of toast, rolls  pastries, fresh fruit plus tea  coffee. All served on plastic plates with plastic knives  forks  plastic cups. YUCKThe shopping area opposite is very limited and the so called restaurants looked dodgy so we walked up the road to the Sofitel  ate there. We wished we had stayed there too.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>blooney
<Content>Overall an 8 Hotel accommodations fit our family of 6 well. One large suite with two comfortable beds and one extremely uncomfortable pullout couch. My daughters were sloped over when I walked out in the morning and when I woke my daughters up, my 21 yr old daughter said she barely slept because her sister was ontop of her all night! I said it's the bed!! It was tilted. Other than that the room was fantastic. It was great having the second separate vanity area with mirror to help with four females getting ready.The pool was very nice and the whole outside patio area was great. My daughters sat outside til 2 in the morning chit-chatting and said it was great. The next morning people were having breakfast out ther. We chose to sit inside. Breakfast was ok, but I appreciated it. It came in very handy and was very helpul to us as we were headed off for our cruise. They have shuttle buses available, you just tell them and then pick a departure time, ie: 11:00, 11:30, 12:00, 12:30, etc.. $55.00 for 6 of us. They have a trailer on the back they pull for all the luggage! And we had alot!!Downside? Was not thrilled with area. Not alot of choice for dinner. Italian, Chinese and Cuban. My husband and I chose Cuban place across street and my daughters chose chinese next door. Took a long time to get food, but we loved it!!!! We were thinking we made a mistake, but we left happy. Service was poor, food made up for it. Area was so-so at night. Walgreens and CVS close, and McDonalds that we ran to and got a small lunch before we left on shuttle bus...good idea!!I thanked front desk as we were leaving on shuttle bus, THEN they thanked us.All-in-all, place worked great for us, but I still have a hard time believing this is #1 of all places listed. What are the other places like?  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>ColdInMichigan
<Content>Great Place to Stay We used the Hampton Inn 鈥?Blue Lagoon for our overnight stays going to and from St. Lucia. The hotel is a short ride away from the airport and located just across the street (albeit a busy one) from a strip mall that has a couple of restaurants, a liquor store and a Publix grocery store. There is also a McDonald鈥檚, Walgreen鈥檚 and CVS Pharmacy across the streets. The girl at the desk was very helpful and pleasant upon our check in. The also have 3 computers set up so you can check in online and print out boarding passes which was very nice. Our room was standard fare, nice and clean and had an extra blanket and pillow in the closet (which we used for our last minute 22 y/o tag along to use for sleeping on the floor. 飦? After we dumped our bags, hubby and I went across the street to the Publix and picked up some beverages and fried chicken from their deli to eat for supper as it was quite late and we just wanted to lay around. The kids decided to check out the pool and hot tub while we ran for food. In their very humble, 鈥榓dult鈥?opinion (two 18 y/o鈥檚 and a 22 y/o LOL) the pool was much too cold for their liking but the hot tub was clean and the temps were acceptable. I must say that the beds were VERY COMFORTABLE and there were plenty of pillows. Our wake up call came on time. We had enough time before heading to the airport to check out their breakfast items. Quite a nice selection really and everyone found stuff they wanted and had plenty. Our only complaint, if you want to call it that, is that the shuttle is VERY hard to find at the airport upon arriving. They don鈥檛 have an assigned spot, so you just have to be on the look out for the van and hope he sees you flagging them down. It鈥檚 not a problem when being dropped off as they will let you out at whatever entrance/airline you鈥檙e using. I would definitely recommend this place and would stay there again.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>shivermetimbers
<Content>The Best Hotel Staff Around I loved this hotel so much I wrote a letter to the president of Hilton Hotels, the partent company of Hampton Inns, to let him know what a fantastic stay I had at this property. The staff is exceptional and the hotel was extremely comfortable.I live 22 miles from this hotel, but I stayed here because I needed someplace comfortable, safe and clean for my wfie and I while our daughter was undergoing major brain surgery at Miami Children's Hospital. We needed something close to the hospital, and this hotel is about 3.5 miles away.If you have your own car (or rental car), you'll be glad to know that the parking garage is gated and secure. The hotel itself has excellent security, too. (not that this is an issue, but, why take chances?)The breakfast was terrific and the staff made me feel at home. They even have snacks/fruit available at all hours, including coffee and teas. The staff at the hotel had no idea what tremendous stress we were under at the time, but nevertheless, their professionalism and clean property gave us the perfect place to regroup. I highly recommend this property to anyone.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cct13
<Content>great hotel good clean hotel.. we stayed overnight before a cruise out of Miami Port . Rooms very clean and comfortable. entire hotel was clean . Iis located close to cvs nd walgreens and a supermarket if you need to pick up any last miniute items..They're breakfast is one of the best hotel breakfast. The hotel staff is great. Especially Harold who went above and beyond in service.The only minus I think it was a little overpriced for area and for most of the guests it was just a 1 night stopover before cruising They do have a shuttle from airport and arrange transportation to the port for $10.00 person which is a bonus  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SanduskyTim
<Content>Very pleasant experience in Miami I recently stayed 5 nights at the Miami Airport Hampton and agreed with prior reviews that this is a very pleasant place to stay. I stayed in the King Suite (#1001) and was pleased with the size of the room. It had a great view of the lagoon and Miami airport. For those of you who love to watch aircraft, you will be very happy here indeed. The windows were sound-proofed keeping it very quiet despite the busy airport nearby.The room was kept very clean. Was it perfect? No, not quite and the carpeting could use a freshening-up but ioverall, the room felt quite clean to me. The bathroom was kept spotless, I must say.The bed was much better than average. Firm and soft at the same time and without the annoying sinking, depression at the head of bed which is so common with most hotel beds.The stafff here is the best. A totally opposite attitude that one gets at S. Beach. Here, the staff actually smiles and goes out of their way to make you feel comfortable and at home. I was given directions whenever I needed them and received a great recommendation for a local barbershop, where I got a fantastic haircut.Regarding the location, it is a quick 15 minute drive to S. Beach. I have stayed at S. Beach many times and prefer this location after this visit due to the more open, less congested feel, the proximity to other destinations such as Coral Gables and most of all the friendly staff. If you are a party animal and want close access to the bars and clubs on S. Beach, this is not the place for you. If you want a relaxing, clean place to stay in this tropical location, this is a very good choice. Though this may be a slightly more expensive Hampton than other cities, this is to be expected given the very expensive Miami and S. Beach market. Overall, this represents a much better value than most properties on S. Beach.I highly recommend this place and will definitely stay here again when in Miami.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>7MileBeach
<Content>Happy at the Hampton - Blue Lagoon This hotel excellent! We came to Miami specifically for a weekend of shopping and this hotel was central to all the big malls and the airport.The check-in staff were very friendly and the rooms were clean and comfortable. The breakfast was excellent too!I highly recommend this hotel specifically for shopping. I would not recommend this hotel if you want to party in South Beach which is about 20-30 min away.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>traveller5558
<Content>This hotel is excellent! This hotel is excellent. It is not that often that you can find a hotel with the level of service as high as this one, not many 5 star properties can match this. We arrived very early in the morning and without any hassle, got our room long before the official check in time. Everything is done in a very convenient and comfortable way: rooms, breakfast, lounge, swimming pool, and Internet connection. We checked in on line and printed our boarding passes from the hotel鈥檚 business centre with such ease. Very friendly and helpful staff. Just to give you one of many examples. One morning we woke up late and missed breakfast. Everything had been cleared away, but when the lady noticed us, she approached us with muffins and coffee. We would like to thank you the staff of the hotel, especially Sofia, Immacula and Israel.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>floridas-fab
<Content>Loved the Hampton Inn  Stayed here the last day of our 3 week holiday whilst waiting for our flight the following evening. Can't praise them enough, from front desk staff who were happy to see us and friendly and helpful. Excellent bed, slept like a baby, spotless bathroom, good ameneties, 24 hr internet room, FREE hot breakfast, (where can you get that these days) with lots of choice. Again, friendly staff always available to answer your questions and tables cleaned up quickly. Fabulous pool and hot tub with comfy sunbeds. Didn't have time to use the gym so can't comment. Having said all that, the main thing for me was security. I felt completely safe in this hotel and the parking lot. Needed swipe card to get into parking lot, even had to use it in elevator which was reassuring. I liked the fact that check-out was noon which is unusual. Gave us plenty of time to pack, eat breakfast and catch our last couple of hours of sunshine before returning home. I will definitely stay again and highly recommend it.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>wolfden
<Content>Would stay here again We stayed here for 1 night only before embarking on our cruise. Like all reviews you will read, this hotel is exactly what you would look for to stay in before or after any flights. They pick you up at the airport and deliver you back free of charge. Unfortunately, their vans are extremely hard to spot and I had to stop two previous Hampton Inn vans before we got the Blue Lagoon van. The hotel itself was very quiet, clean and well appointed. You can see the jets taking off from your window but you can't hear a thing. The front desk staff were very professional and helped us book a shuttle to the Port of Miami the following day. They have free internet which we used and a pool which we did not.The breakfast was your standard buffet food.There are several eating establishments in the area as well as a small shopping plaza across the street.We would stay here again for sure.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>vallelunga
<Content>Excellent all around...and I'm finicky! I stayed at this hotel twice in recent weeks. I live on the West Coast and needed a place to stop over and rest before getting on an international flight out of Miami. I am very selective about hotels, and was completely satisfied in every way. I'm very grateful to TripAdvisor for helping me find this hotel!PROS* Very near the airport* Shuttle runs frequently (and until midnight, without having to call) and promptly* Hotel is new and clean and well-maintained* I put a special request in my reservation...and the front desk staff actually noted it and assigned my room accordingly (surprisingly rare)* Very secure building at night -- key card needed to take elevator to guest room floors after hours* Free parking* Substantial breakfast (free)* Friendly front desk staff, housekeeping staff, and airport shuttle drivers -- I definitely got the sense they were glad I was there* Free internet access* Free fitness room* It's the little things...like the to go bags of breakfast food at the front desk; the newspaper being delivered to your door in a bag so you can take it with you without staining your hands or worse; the lounge area where breakfast is served is always available (and has free wifi) for you to work, socialize, etc.CONSWell, while I was at the hotel, I was formulating my TripAdvisor review in my mind. I was going to complain about the paper cups in the room. I mean, I usually stay in more upscale hotels and they always have glasses. But...i just saw a news expose at [--](entitled Dirty Hotel Secrets) about how those glasses are never adequately cleaned in between guests, even at the best hotels. So now I am grateful to The Hampton Inn for sticking with disposables glasses! Sorry, I know it's wasteful, but I'm exposed to enough germs and viruses when I travel, I certainly don't need bugs on my hotel room glasses!Keep in mind the rooms are simple. This is a Hampton Inn after all. SUMMARYI stayed at The Hampton Inn  Suites -- Miami -- Airport South -- Blue Lagoon to break up my long international flights. I was very pleased with the place. It is as good as the TripAdvisor reviews say. As a woman traveling alone, I was grateful for all of their security measures. Will definitely stay there again if I need to be in Miami for a night or two and want to stay near the airport.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Case1096
<Content>Great Pre Cruise Hotel This was a great one night pre cruise hotel. We arrived into Miami late and booked this hotel because the free shuttle runs until 1AM. We waited about 20 minutes, our only complaint was the hotel name was hard to read on the van so just be on the lookout or you might miss it. Our room had a view of the Burger King corp HQ and the runway. Lots of fast food places as well as a Publix across the street. Hotel helped us arrange a $10 pp transfer to the pier. Free breakfast was the typical Hampton breakfast. Overall a great value.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>HappyTrailsCanada
<Content>I will book Hampton Inn again For an overnight stay near an airport, the hotel was great. I felt quite secure, the accommodations were nice, and the complimentary breakfast was convenient. I was also able to slip across the street to the shopping center to pick up a few things in the morning. The one area that needs improvement is the airport van shuttle. After a full day flight, it was a long, tiresome wait for the shuttle to finally arrive. One had to keep on guard, watching every vehicle that came and went to check for the right van.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Stonewall
<Content>Great hotel I stayed at the Hampton Inn Airport/Blue Lagoon for one precruise night Nov. 3. I can't say enough good things about it. The free shuttle got me from the airport to the hotel quickly. The people at the front desk were helpful, polite, and professional. My room was very clean and comfortable. I have stayed at some fine hotels in my lifetime. Many of those should send their employees to this hotel to learn how it's done. I walked across the street to a shopping center to get dinner (several restaurants, Publix, 2 drugstores) and walked a block to St. Dominic's for Mass Sunday morning. Also took another walk that morning. I am a 64-year-old woman traveling alone and felt very safe. The free breakfast wasn't anything to write home about but was adequate. The price was reasonable for Miami.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Bouff
<Content>Pre Cruise Stay Like so many other reviewers I booked this Hotel for aone night stay after flying in from the UK and before taking a car service up to PortEverglades to join our cruise the next day. We were lucky as the shuttle bus turned up within minutes of us exiting the terminal building.Our room was a good size, very clean and provided every amenity we required. We found all the staff to be pleasant and helpful. Breakfastwas relatively good for a free Hotel breakfast in the US! The hot foodwasn't too hot but there were plenty of cereals and pastries as well as fruit and yoghurt.I booked this Hotel on the strength of the reviews on this site which was once again a most reliable source of information.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ladychow
<Content>Great Post-Cruise, early flight hotel We stayed one night here after our cruise and for our early flight. We chose this hotel based on the review on tripadvisor and they were right on the money. We arrived at the hotel early, before noon, and they gave us a room right away. The bed was SO COMFORTABLE, especially after a week on the ship's bed, that I stayed in it the whole day to rest ... while my kids and my husband went to hang out at the pool. The room smelled so clean and was quite spacious. It was convenient as well since there are CVS, Walgreen and McDonalds within walking distance. We bought our dinner at the Pollo Tropicale which was also walking distance and really enjoyed the economical and tasty dinner. In the morning, we had to catch the 5:00 am free shuttle to the airport and figured we missed out on the free breakfast they offer, but they actually put out some grab and go breakfast bags which contained a bottle of spring water, an apple, a blueberry muffin and a special K breakfast bar - it was such a nice surprise! I recommend this hotel without reservation. We really enjoyed the rest we had here.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>snickerseg
<Content>Great for Pre  Stayed here before and after our cruise. Rooms were clean and spacious. Before our cruise, we stayed on floor 8 which was good. After our cruise, our room was on the 2nd floor above the registration desk. The room was bigger but being so close to the lobby was a little noisier than I expected. We really liked the convenience of being next door to the 24 hour Walgreens allowing us to stock up on those items that are so difficult now to bring on the airplane. One other note, I found that booking through the Hampton Inn website got me the best deal and it also allowed me to register for a triple A rate and add my airline miles number for partner points.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Lhwebbie
<Content>Great pre-cruise stay We stayed at this hotel for one night prior to our cruise. The hotel offers free transportation to their facility from the Miami Airport. We had to wait about 30 minutes, but the driver arrived and was friendly and helpful. We arrived at the hotel and found it to be very clean and nice. Our room was clean and had plenty of space. The hotel suggested an Italian restaurant that was across the street and within walking distance. It was OK but nothing I would look up again. There are also two drug stores at the corner of the nearest intersection which was nice to have.I would completely agree with the others that have said the beds were very comfortable. The breakfast the next morning was very good with a nice seating area.We were able to sign up for transportation to the cruise port which was on time and reasonably priced.Overall we had a great stay and would use them again.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	3	5	2	4	4	

<Author>BGARDENLOVER
<Content>Great Pre-Post Cruise Hotel!!! This is a great hotel for pre and post cruisers or for anyone for that matter. We drove to Miami from DC and checked in the night before our cruise. We had booked a King Suite, Room 700.The Suite is like an apartment. It comes with a separate living room with pullout sofa, kitchen with stove, microwave, fridge, free popcorn, etc. The kitchen table was set and ready for dinner.There are pots and pans -- everything but the food. A dishwasher is there for you as well. The separate bedroom had a second television and king bed. Very nice accomodations for a larger family or travelers who need their space.The hotel is clean, staff friendly and as noted in other reviews, located across the street from a Publix Supermarket, Walgreens, etc. so you can go out and buy that food and prepare what you want.We actually bought food across the street and made our dinner and then watched tv.Shortly after checking in we wanted to use the safe in the room. It was electronic and not getting power. We called down to the desk. They sent someone up in about 2 minutes to fix it. I was impressed with how fast they responded.The technician was unable to fix the safe that night but sought us out at the pool to tell us he had already arranged with the front desk to move us to a new room. We thanked him but declined -- we were so happy with what we had. We thought that showed great initiative!!!The pool is on a rooftop patio about three floors up. It is nice and has a jacuzi. The sign said open dawn to dusk but we were there past dusk and thankfully, no one kicked us out. As one previous reviewer noted, you do need your room key card to access the secure gated parking and the elevators. Unlike the other reviewer, however, I see that as a positive and not a negative! This hotel is interested in security, your security and that is fine by me as a guest!! I did not feel threatened in that neighborhood but did not walk around there. We drove to the store. I am sure anyone concerned about the neighborhood could get a review from the desk.The hotel is a short 15 minute drive to the port. The desk will glady give you a printout of driving directions. Breakfast is included in the room, the buffet was quite good -- a varied assortment of bagels, pre-made omlets, sausage, etc.The hotel is very clean. I met the hotel manager on Saturday morning overseeing operations in the lobby and told her so! I said I could see why this hotel is so highly rated on Trip Advisor. Thanks Trip Advisor for another great stay!  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Sutter
<Content>Comfortable and convenient Although the prices are above those of some other airport-area hotels, I got a good rate with an AARP discount. Rooms are modern and comfortable. I had a regular room, not a suite, but it was sizable enough. There were 3 computers for customer use in the downstairs business center. Afternoon snacks available in the dining area near the pool. Included breakfast was basically okay, though the scrambled eggs were cold even though I was there soon after breakfast started at 6 a.m. There are a few basic restaurants within walking distance (I dined at a Cuban restaurant in a nearby shopping center). Parking is secure. This is the second time I have stayed here, and I would return as long as I could get a decent price. There are lots of options in the area.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	3	3	4	

<Author>globetrottr
<Content>Loved the bed! I stayed at the Hampton Inn  Suites in Miami in October 2007 for 2 nights. The room was very clean. I really enjoyed the bed - it was very comfortable. The bathroom was clean, too. I also liked the shower pretty much. The WIFI worked also pretty good.All in all it was a great hotel. The breakfast buffet could be better. It was a small room. Sometimes I had to wait for a free table.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Karma-ran-over-dogma
<Content>Most comfortable beds EVER! This is one of the best hotel stays I've ever had. Stayed here prior to a cruise after having travelled for almost 24 hours straight. The staff were friendly and helpful and allowed us to check in early. Free parking was nice. Yes, it is gated, but that made me feel like the car would be safe. Neighborhood wasn't bad at all. Rooms were obviously pretty new, clean and really nice. Good size too. The best thing was the amazingly comfortable beds. I don't sleep as well at home as I did there! For being SO close to the airport it was really quiet. Not much of a view of the lagoon, but that wasn't a big deal to me--it's an airport hotel. There aren't TOO many places to eat nearby--a Burger King and grocery store across the street and a few small Cuban cafes, but that's about it. Gas station with a store and pharmacy across the street were convenient as well. The hotel's complimentary breakfast is great! Hot food (sausage biscuits and gravy and eggs when I was there) as well as fruit, cereal, yogurt, pastries, many different breads/bagels/muffins, hot and cold drinks was served in a nice area with plenty of seating. I was there 30 minutes before the end of breakfast and there was still more than enough food left. They have a business center with free internet for checking e-mail and flight info. They have a small store on sight with snacks and necessities as well. Pool and hot tub area were a bit small, but looked nice and well kept--didn't get a chance to use it because it was raining. Would definitely stay here again if I have the opportunity.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>soundgarden
<Content>Absolutely Fantastic Stay AND Service I only write reviews when my hotels stays are either amazing or awful. And this stay falls under amazing.1) Location - Right on the airport property, with, most importantly, free parking. Very convenient overall.2) Rooms - Very clean and good sized. Great breakfast in the mornings.3) Service - This is where the hotel shines. There was a typo in my bill, and as I submit this to my company for reimbursement, the bill needs to be 100% correct. The General Manager who worked with me on this issue went above and beyond. He returned my phone calls promptly and with enthusiasm and kindness that I can honestly say I have never witnessed before at a hotel. He even assured me that he would call Hilton Honors and make sure that the stay would post correctly on my Hilton account.I have to say that this is the best hotel that I have stayed at in Miami. I recommend this to everyone and will only stay at this hotel every time I come to Miami either on business or for fun!  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>drichrx
<Content>Best Near Airport, But Beware This is not your typical Hampton Inn The room was new, very nice and had all the typical Hampton amenities, but no view. It may be by the Blue Lagoon, but you can't see it. It is a postage stamp size lot. Even parking is a problem.. In addition, the security features (gated parking, must swipe card to use elevator, etc.) makes you feel that it is not a secure area. There are not many restaurants close by. The main problem I had was a 6AM flight, but their shuttle doesn't start until 5:30AM - so I had to cab it to the airport. Unless you need to stay by the airport, I would recommend other hotels.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>salseros2003
<Content>Wonderful Very ggod stay for pre-cruise time. Perfect in all details.Just to confirm all the perfect reviews on this forum.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Tommo33
<Content>Great Stay at the Blue Lagoon We got stuck in Miami for two days (american airlines lost our luggage)and luckily at the airport I rang this hotel.What a stroke of luck this place is awesome we only had the clothes we stood in but the guys on the front desk were fantastic any problem I came up with was no problem for these guys.Paid $157 plus tax for a room with two queen size beds, rooms were clean and of a good standard, the pool area was excellant and breakfast was also very good I have no negatives about this place only positives.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gs07jas
<Content>Great price  Every time I go to Miami I stay at this hotel.Great for business travelers. It has a great location just minutes from the airport and Miami beach.If you rent a car, which are very cheap in Miami, this is the place to stay...and drive around.Also, has a very cozy pool and patio.Continental breakfast is a plus and rooms are very confortables, especially the beds!!!  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>BirdingIsFun
<Content>What a delight! I stayed at this hotel because I had an early flight and the hotel is just a few minutes from the Miami airport. What a delight it was! The front desk staff was absolutely charming. The desk clerks engaged me in a real conversation, and they both seemed genuinely interested in assisting me. The hotel itself is very modern, neat and clean. My 10th floor room had a nice city view, and the bed - oh, the Hampton bed! Sheer heaven after a long day of traveling! The Hampton rooms have so many little amenities, from the writing desk to the special pillows. The hotel has a gated parking area with locked access to the lobby - all very safe and easy - you leave your car out front while checking in, then use your card key to enter the garage to park your car, then you go straight back into the lobby from the garage to go up to your room. Unfortunately, I had to leave too early to enjoy breakfast, even though they start serving at 6 a.m. - I'm sure I would have enjoyed it! This is a great place to stay, and I heartily recommend it. It's also a terrific value.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>Sista_Traveler
<Content>Good hotel I've stayed at this hotel on suniess twice. Once in January 2007 and in October 2006. They were quick with checkin and were helpful. They got acr edit card cab for me and made sure I got all my faxes timely. The hotel is not as close to the airport as it sounds but its in a good location. The rooms are comfortable and clean.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WeekendGetaways43
<Content>Details, Details, Details!! Excellent Hotel! First let me say as my screen name implies, I enjoy weekend getaways when I can. I am an HHonors member as well, so I tend to frequent Hilton chain hotels...Negatives first: This is not much of a negative, actually, since thisis an airport hotel. For anyone who does not know this area, it may be daunting, but this Hampton is in the heart of a very Latino area with some very good food places just a short drive away! Positives: This is the nicest Hampton I have stayed in! There is an attention to detail in the rooms that I have not seen at any other. It's amazing! I had a one bedroom suite that was absolutely spacious and is actually set up for long term stays with a 2 burner stove top, microwave, toaster, coffee maker, full sized fridge and all the utensils necessary ( including dish washing liquid and paper towels...again, details) The room was spotless and clean! The staff, from the front desk to the buffet hostesses to housekeeping must have taken a Disney course in etiquette because they are excellent!The pool(dawn to dusk) area is on the second floor as is the fitness room(6am to midnight) and the breakfast area ( with a large plasma TV for the AM news... again, details). One glitch during our stay was the Hot Tub was not working, but no worries there, since the pool area was just fine.Parking is on the first and second floor and requires a room key for entry into the gated garage. The first floor is covered, the second is not. We didn't use it, but there was an airport shuttle schedule posted at the front desk area.There is a convenience store (next to the front desk) with various snack foods and microwaveable items and of course, ice cream for the midnight munchies.On the first floor is also the business center with 3 computers. Of course as with other Hamptons is the complimentary Wireless Internet.Across the street is a Publix for grocery shopping and a 24 hour CVS drug store. For the fast food junkies, Wendy's, McDonald's and Pollo Tropical is a block or two away. 94th Aero Squadron is a good restaurant if you are looking for Prime Rib, but with its central proximity, this hotel is close to the fine dining of Coral Gables(15-20min drive south on 57 avenue - depending on the time of day). For an open air Latin experience, and I do mean open air kind of roughing it, the Palacios de Jugos is south on 57 ave and West Flagler. The specialty is chicharonnes( fried pork) and tamals as well as fresh fruits and juices. Beware, this is no way fancy, but you get a bit of the Miami, Latin flavor the way the locals experience unlike the South Beach experience which is definitely not the Real Miami.OK, to finish up the hotel review.. There is also Lodge Net for in-room movies and also free HBO with 27 inch TV's ( 2 in the suite)...And of course, here we go again, as in my other reviews, The Bed.. very comfortable... Yep it's a Hampton and then some! FYI, I have stayed at the airport Hilton( Super Bowl Headquarters for the Chicago Bears) about a half mile away. This place is way better in my eyes for the quick overnight(regular room) or long-term stay( suite), from an overall value and cleanliness standpoint. If you are looking for full service (room service and restaurants), then this isn't it, but it is understandable how this Hampton beats all the other full-service hotels on Trip Advisor. Details...Details... Details  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Iridescentkittie
<Content>Very nice hotel! My husband and I stayed here for one night after we returned from a cruise. Overall it was a great experience! To my knowledge, it is not near anything remotely touristy, so don't stay here if you plan to sight-see. We chose this hotel for its proximity to the airport, to make our journey home less complicated. We made a good choice! A complimentary airport shuttle leaves the lobby every half-hour on thenose. The front desk staff were very friendly and very accomodating.Check-in time is 3:00 PM, but they let us into our room at 10:30 AM when we arrived exhausted from a week of cruising! The surrounding area is typical for an airport hotel. There are some 24-hour drugstores, a grocery store, many fast food places and a few sit-down restaurants. Like most other Tripadvisor users reported, the front desk highly recommended Casa Juan, a nearby Cuban restaurant. We promptly avoided it after reading what others have had to say about it! There is heavy vehicle traffic but not a lot of pedestrian traffic - I felt quite safe, actually. The hotel requires you to swipe your room key in the elevator to access any guestroom floors - also a nice safety feature. The free breakfast features a mix of hot and cold items - above avearge for a free hotel breakfast, in my opinion. Our room was very nice - the bed was extremely comfortable, the room and bathroom were clean and spacious, and even though we could see planes landing and taking off outside our window, we heard absolutely no outside noise while trying to sleep. While we didn't get a chance to use it, there is an outdoor pool and hot tub area that looked quite inviting. I highly recommend this hotel - I can see why it is ranked #1 in its area!  
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>sbccc
<Content>when she was good she was very good but when she was bad...... This is a basic Hampton Inn. The outside is ugly and the area around it is a little run down. The hotel itself is nice enough and well maintained. The staff are very outgoing and helpful. The breakfast is pretty average. Overall it is a decent place to stay if you just want a bed for the night. The staff will recommend a Cuban restaurant across the street - don't eat there.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Steeler_Pens_fan
<Content>Great pre-cruise hotel We stayed at the Hampton Inn  Suites - Miami Airport / Blue Lagoon the night before a recent cruise we took departing from the Port of Miami. The hotel was great in all aspects from the free shuttle service from the airport, the friendly check-in, the clean  well appointed room, to the great free breakfast. We highly recommend this hotel and especially to anyone looking for a hotel to stay prior to a cruise. While the hotel does not provide transportion to the Port it is easy to arrange for a taxi or limo (In our case we made arrangements with Limos of Miami, but that is a different review.). Why be stressed worrying about flights the day of your cruise, when you can fly in the day before or even earlier and enjoy the Hampton Inn  Suites - Miami Airport / Blue Lagoon.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>travelingclean
<Content>Always a great stay I have read and must disagree with the comments posted on May 21. I have been a loyal guest of this hotel for the past 4 years. Their rooms are always clean and well maintained; even their white duvets are spotless. The hotel's staff is always friendly, helpful and they never failed to fulfill any of my requests. I have never observed any rudeness or unfriendly interactions from the staff towards guests during any of my many visits to this hotel. They often tell me We're here for you and I can see by the many trophies they display at their Front Desk that they are very proud of their accomplishments and they mean what they say.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>travelmates4fun
<Content>great hotel and value Not sure what dumpster diver is talking about. This place was great!!! I stayed there with my family before catching a cruise and we practically loved everything about it and for a good rate too. The front desk was very helpful. They recommended a great restaurant nearby that was perfect for my kids (and provided a free shuttle) where we could watch the planes take off and land and my son could listen to the control tower - how cool is that!Breakfast was wonderful and FREE - hot items and they even had a variety of yogurts for my wife. My kids loved mixing the different cold cereals together - they can't do that at home. We are planning another cruise in the fall and will definately stay here again. I highly recommend this hotel for people who need to be near the airport or going on a cruise.  
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>creaseym
<Content>good for a first night after a long haul flight We flew in from the UK and after a 9 hour flight plus delays, were very glad we chose somewhere as convenient as this. The hotel is very clean throughout and has free secure parking, free internet, complimentary beverages 24hrs, and free breakfast. The beds were as comfortable as we like and although the hotel is near the airport (about 3 miles) there was no aircraft noise, or indeed any noise in our room. Breakfast available from 6am was also very welcome while we were getting used to the time difference.We stayed 2 nights before setting off on a grand tour of the Keys and Everglades. On the second day they didn't make up our room until about 4.30 pm, and as we were still tired, we would have liked to have gone back to bed for a nap before then. So that was a bit inconvenient, but I'm sure if we had asked for the room to be made up earlier they would have done it, so can't really be critical about that.All in all, just what we wanted and a good first stop.  
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>mycrtrip
<Content>Just OK, can be pricey- no late check out Used to like this place better, but I have some comments now:the good* location, close to airport and has a shuttle* rooms and beds are comfortable* staff is quite friendlythe bad* breakfast is quite poor, supposedly 'free' but the hotel rate can go up to $ 270 for a suite so I don't feel it is free at all. * we asked to have check out extended for just an hour or two because we had a late flight but were allowed just one hour, (1 pm) during which the maid knocked on our door four times*we asked for a non smoking room but were given a smoking room, which is terrible taking into account the rooms have no ventilation so the nicotine gets to youin general the hotel is ok but lately their rates are quite high as they keep their service to the bare minimum.  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>HunterDrayman
<Content>Great if you're in transit If you're flying in or out of Miami Intl. this is an ideal place to stay, especially if you arrive late at night or depart early. The rooms are well appointed and quiet, and the staff are informal, helpful and friendly. We stayed twice - on arrival we had a standard room and on leaving the USA we got a walk-in booking on the day - A suite for only $30 more!.The breakfast was good if you like fruit, cereals, juices, pastries and coffee and there were a few basic hot choices too. Sadly you have to use polystyrene cups and plates and 'snappery' instead of real cutlery. I noticed they have 'to-go' bags if you're in a hurry or have to leave outside normal breakfast hours. Free coffee was available all day and even some fruit and snacks in the afternoon.There's a small pool and jacuzzi. We didn't try these as it was dark on our first stay and very windy on the second. But they looked inviting and had the usual facilities. Car parking was free and convenient if you can negotiate a steep ramp.There's a plaza with supermarket, restaurants and other shops right next to the hotel and you should be able to find pretty much everything you may need there unless you want fine dining. The Cuban restaurant was OK for us.Driving in from the west on route 41 the hotel was nice and easy to locate, which is good if you are nervous about driving in Miami.We had some trouble getting to the hotel from the airport as we arrived at half past midnight. There's a shuttle that operates until 1am, but when we phoned at about 00:45 the last one had gone. Instead, reception told us to get a yellow or blue cab and the hotel would pay up to $14 of the fare (given a receipt). What they didn't say was that yellow and blue cabs have different charging structures and that yellows won't look at you for such a short journey (its less that a mile). Blue cabs were thin on the ground, but when the guy directing traffic outside arrivals saw me causing chaos by flitting from cab to cab he got on his radio and a blue cab arrived precisely where he said it would about 3 mins later. Blue cabs have zones and The Hampton is in zone 1 - $14 fare.If you arrive when the shuttle is operating be aware that you have to go to the departures area to board it. I noticed many reports here telling of difficulty attracting the driver's attention at arrivals. In fact, the airport authorities don't allow the shuttle to stop at arrivals - only departures. Advice on this is hidden away on the Hampton's website along with pictures to help you identify the right shuttle bus.Its good to see that the manager monitors the Tripadvisor reviews and notes what guests have to say.  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>pokerman
<Content>Fits pre-cruise bill Stayed pre and post cruise. Rooms are average, no complaints. Suites ($159) have a kitchenette plus fridge, a regular bedroom plus a fold-out bed in the living room which saves you money if you have a 3 person party and you don't mind sharing one bathroom. Friendly, helpful staff. Clean. Above average breakfast. Gratis hotel shuttle runs every half hour and picks up from and takes back to airport. Nice pool and hot tub area. Business area with 3 computers, one printer and gratis internet access. If going on a cruise, front desk can call independent carrier to take you to Port of Miami for $10 a person, one-way. A taxi costs around $37 for same trip. Same price for taxi to downtown. Don't go to Casa Juan across the street because the food is terrible. Didn't try Tropical Pollo down the road but food looked appetizing. CVS, Walgreens and a Publix grocery store right across the street. Publix makes great sub sandwiches in deli department.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	3	4	4	4	5	

<Author>fishgirl917
<Content>Great Employees!! My Husband and I stayed at this Hampton lnn location. The employees were extremely helpful, and very polite and friendly. Whenever we had a question they were very happy to accomodate us. The room was your typical Hampton Inn room comfortable bed, plenty of towels etc. Great stay!!!  
<Date>Apr 22, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>amy5467
<Content>Travelers...Please read and BEWARE!! Under any other circumstance I would say this is a fine hotel and would give it a glowing review but if you stay here you better check your credit card statement a few days afterward as I have good reason to believe that some criminal element is working at this hotel. My family stayed one night at this hotel on Easter weekend and it was the only charge on my particular credit card. Two days after checking out over $400 in fradulent charges for international calling cards and cell phones was charged to my card. It doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out that when that is the only charge on your card that you've made that the others are fraudulent. Yes this is indeed a nice hotel but I'm just giving everyone out there a heads up. I've contacted the hotel's manager and am going to contact Hilton hotels corporate office as I'm sure I'm not the only one this has happened to. I'm just lucky that I could pinpoint how it happened.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>1	1	4	4	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>fueyo
<Content>Great Place! Stayed here pre-cruise. Very friendly hotel staff, clean rooms, restaurants and pharmacy in walking distance. Cuban restaurant across the street is good place to eat. Seems like a safe neighborhood.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hanklem
<Content>Outstanding Property and staff Recently I stayed two nights at the Hampton Inn  Suites Miami Airport South, Blue Lagoon. I was very impressed with this location. The management team is running a really fine property there. Most of the time I stay in Hilton Garden Inns, Doubletrees or Embassy Suites, so I am accustomed to a slightly higher amenity level than the Hamptons. But I have to say -- because I tell everyone this -- Hampton Inn is the best value in the hotel market today. Hands down, no question. And this property is an excellent example of why.- Parking was great- Check-in was great, extremely competent and very friendly- The room exceeded my expectation (I stayed in 206). The bathroom, in particular, was surprisingly large and well appointed for a Hampton Inn- The bed was, wow, terrific. Granted I had a fever and was completely worn out when I arrived, but it was a great bed under any conditions.- The Internet connection was terrific (though I generally prefer hard-wired)- Breakfast was fine (with my fever, I especially appreciated that one could use the juice machine outside breakfast hours)- As I did not have my travel bag (lost by the airline) the staff provided me with a toiletries kit that was great- the staff were all friendly and helpfulThis particular property nailed its mission and my expectations that I had to write a review.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Hutt
<Content>Great service Clean room, great service, secured parking lot, close to the airport,good breakfast.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>The_Lewis
<Content>Great End to the Holiday It's difficult to pigeonhole this hotel.It is what it proclaims to be - a Hampton Inn. It was clean, spacious, included breakfast and had free high speed internet. That would get it a 3 star rating. However, as others have noted, the staff was very efficient and friendly. For whatever reason, that just made the whole experience feel very good. We had a great night's sleep and the hotel arranged a taxi in the morning when the shuttle was oversubscribed. So that earns a 4 star rating.We didn't get a great deal on the room - US$280, but it was March Break and not a lot of choice in Miami. From our Miami hotel experiences, you need to spend in Miami to get anything decent.I would highly recommend this hotel to all travellers who need to get on a plane or on a cruise. We'll return again.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>UKPeripatetic
<Content>CHARACTERLESS AND EFFICIENT This Hampton Inn is a characterless but efficient many-storied hotel near Miami Airport with its own shuttle bus connection. Our room was blandly-decorated with sealed windows and typical suburban view over Wendy's, CVS and Macdonalds. I have nothing to complain about (except the cost), but nothing to get excited about either. It's the sort of place where people spend one satisfactory night before or after a flight and can't remember anything about the hotel when they get home. It's not what I think of as a Hampton Inn (usually stylish and the best in their market); it's an average airport hotel with a Hampton name stuck on. And at $240 for a room, it's not cheap. Or was I swindled?  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>mossclan
<Content>perfect for pre-cruise This is the perfect hotel for a pre or post-cruise stay. Juan at the front desk (while a little hard to understand over the phone) is very helpful and friendly. The shuttle service from the airport was very efficient. The front desk staff also can arrange shuttle service to the Port of Miami for a reasonable fee. The hotel was clean and the breakfast was nice.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>adanacsim
<Content>A Proud Staff We were looking for a place to stay in the Miami area so that we could head up north the next day without hitting city traffic and this hotel filled the bill. The endorsement by Trip Advisor reviewers was also important. When we checked in, we were reminded immediately by the desk clerks about this hotel's #1 Miami rating on Trip Advisor. They were not being arrogant -- they seemed genuinely pleased and determined to satisfy the cutomer, something that other hotel staffs could do more of. As another reviewer has noted, it's hard to imagine that this hotel is anything like the best in the Miami area; however, we give them high marks for doing what they do very well. Our primary objective was to get a restful night's sleep and we achieved that in our room, which was large, comfortable (especially the bed) and very quiet (being near an airport and in a room with adjoining door on a low floor usually doesn't portend well, but we didn't hear any traffic, airplane or neighbor noise at all). Self-parking was available -- ample, free and safe. No view, no robes, no luxury, but we didn't expect any of that. We didn't find the breakfast as great as others have, but, once again, the effort was obvious. The only real negative we have to report was the recommendation by the desk clerk that we eat at Casa Juancho, which was a dismal experience. The hotel was not bargain-priced, but considering Trip advisor reviews of hotels in this price range elsewhere in Miami, this did seem to be a very good choice.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>FrequentTraveler38
<Content>Above and Beyond Service Frequent Traveler from Windsor Ontario. Dec31-Jan2 2007.Three Night Pre Cruise Stay.My wife and I had one of the best hotel experiances ever and this hotel's restaurant recomendations were excellent.The People: We have never experianced this level of service even from much more expensive hotels.In particular the Manager (Pam) was outstanding,the hotel bus safely shuttled us to our New Years Eve dinner and her offer to lend us her car was, to us incredible. It only set the standard that was recognized and met by the rest of the Hampton team. Five stars for effort.The Rooms: The rooms that we were assigned were spotless,well furnished and the Hampton Bed was to die for. The room was cleaned early each morning and we found the bathroom to be well supplied with all the necessary toileteries. Breakfest Buffet: The Buffet was prepared and presented properly, the food was good, fresh and hot. Everything you would need to start your day in Miami.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>sgparker
<Content>Great hotel stay for the price Great hotel for the price! Recieved a real good price with my husbands bcaaa membership. Got to the hotel at 9:00 am after flying all night . They said our room wasn't ready yet but to go up and have the comp breakfast that they serve everyday which is huge and isn't your usual hotel freebee breakfast. there was hot as well as cold things to eat. Room was awesome. King size fluffy comforter lots of pillows didn't want to leave bed. Pool and surrounding area is also clean and well kept. Area hotel is in isn't that bad theres a Wallgreans, Publex grocery store , Burger king, ect... Staff is awesome most helpful. We stayed there one night pre-cruise there's a shuttle that picks you up at the airport for free when you arrive and they can arrange a shuttle to pick you up to take you to the cruise port for $10.00 per person. way more than a taxi. hotel is near the airport but never heard one plane unless outside by the pool. Will recommend this hotel to anyone that asks.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>texex91
<Content>#1 hotel--no way, averge at best For $200/night I cannot believe what you get. You get a standard Hampton room (and an old one at that). Nothing special and not in a great area at all. As Diamond I had to ask for upgrade. Service was okay, but for the price you have got to be kidding. Average to old room and bad neighborhood.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	1	4	3	3	3	

<Author>Travelin'_Florida
<Content>The H in Hampton Stands for Helpful My husband and I stay at Hampton Inns every week on business because we know that we will have a comfortable room and a good hot breakfast for me and a breakfast bag for him on his way to the office. I had quite a bit to carry up on our breakfast tray on Sunday and I was helped by one of the employees by carrying the extra tray up to our room. This definitely was one of the best Hampton's that we have stayed at in the whole state! The pool area is beautiful and very spacious and there was a great winding staircase going up to the second floor. They have secure elevators that allow only guests to go up to the rooms. Check-in was quick and efficient; we arrived before check-in time and our room wasn't ready yet, but they had our requested room near the elevator ready in no time because we are members of Hilton Honors Program. It is definitely worth joining even if you are an in-frequent traveler with points to earn free stays and special treatment.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GatorDocs
<Content>Would definitely stay here again! We got a suite with a mini-kitchen and it was wonderful. It was very clean and was well stocked with dishes, pots  pans, tupperware, and silverware. The staff is very helpful - the desk staff and the cleaning staff. The cleaning staff was excellent. The breakfast is great - much more extensive than at cheaper hotels. We decided to not use the hot tub - it didn't look very clean. However, the pool was very clean.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ruthless333
<Content>Hampton Blue Lagoon so much better than their Dadeland property Stayed one night pre cruise [Friday 15 December 2006]. Have stayed at their other property last December 2005 and have to say that the Blue Lagoon is soooooooooo much better!Lovely clean and modern room, welcoming and accommodating staff with personality. No complaints whatsoever. Building facilities were clean and well maintained.Used the airport pickup service without any problems - called to let them know we were at the airport and they said the van was on its way. 10 minutes later we were picked up - this was at 9.30pm. Last year the airport van from Dadeland took over 1 hour to get to us, and this was after 3 chaser calls and the promise each time that he was on his way and stopping every Hampton Inn van we saw. Driver had the cheek to argue with us and say we had been at the wrong place and he had been driving around.Add to the fact that Dadeland reception staff were very unaccommodating bordering on rude and indifferent and the actual hotel was a bit tired and our room was very dated [believe refurbishment of the rooms was in progress but think we got the oldest one left!] with the airconditioning very noisy and not very good.So why use Hampton Inn again you may ask? Based on the reviews here on Trip Advisor and value for money - we only really needed a bed for the night, and Blue Lagoon was obviously hitting the spot with a lot of other people.We also had friends who were travelling to meet us for the morning before we went to the ship - driving over 1.5 hours to see us. When I asked the reception if there was anywhere we could go to get a coffee [as I knew that the breakfast room/24 coffee was for residents] he said that we could use the lounge and get coffee there - I clarified that my friends were not staying at the hotel, but he said that it was no problem. Only a little perk, but so helpful [we are from UK] when time with our friends was precious.After they had left, I had somehow got it into my head the we could check out at 3pm [oops I know NOW, thats checkin time!] so I phoned down at 1.30 to confirm this fact to find out we should have checked out earlier! Again very accomodating and said we were OK till 2pm.Reception organised a taxi-van to take us to the pier. Approx $24 plus tip. All in all a lovely stay and good value for money, especially considering that breakfast is included. Will definately use this one again if fortunate to be visiting again.Finally, regarding proximity to the airport, we were never bothered by noise and our window gave us a lovely view of planes taking off! I wouldn't say it was completely quiet, perhaps a very low drone occasionally depending on the plane size, but certainly nothing to disturb your sleep.I booked via their own website [6mths advance] and kept an eye on the prices - the room rate actually dropped [3mths] so I just amended my booking online. I know they honour their cheapest price but still did the amendment just in case. Saying that would have still been happy paying the higher price as the value for money was excellent, but everyone likes a bargain!Hope this review helps.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>morseman21
<Content>Awesome!!!! My family and I got stuck up a creek because the Days Inn Miami Airport screwed up our reservations and gave our room away; they're idiots over there trust me.The Hampton in however was probably one of the nicest hotel rooms I think I have ever stayed in. The hotel itself was spectacular and extremely clean. My favorite part was the breakfast it was so much better than any of the hotels I have stayed at recently. The staff was extremely friendly and well spoken; it has been my experience that most places in Miami people don't even speak English but they sure did here! We were traveling with my 2 year old son and we asked for a crib at check in and by the time we got to our room the crib was already there and setup; my son slept very well so I assume it was just as comfy as our nice big fluffy bed.The location is great too, you have a CVS, Walgreen鈥檚, Publix, Burger King and a nice Chinese restaurant all within a 2 minute walk; it's literally right across the street, just be careful and use the crosswalks. The airport shuttle was very quick and efficient and during our stay we never heard any sounds from the airport, the room was perfectly silent. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lizstas
<Content>Unbelievable awesome group coordinator  We were a group of 25 and decided on this hotel based on the reviews from TripAdvisor. We were not disappointed. The group coordinator of this hotel continually went above and beyond to ensure our stay was more than Satisfactory. The hotel does offer free shuttle from the airport. Due to our group size Lourdes arranged for airport pickup for everyone (nominal fee pp). The drivers were waiting with newer/clean vans  trailer for luggage. We were taken to the hotel and after checkin our prearranged transportation took us over to Bayside  some of the group to South Beach. When we wanted to stay longer we called the driver and he said NO PROBLEM. They picked us up where and when they said they would. The next morning the drivers were again waiting to shuttle us to the port. All transportation was arranged through the hotel group coordinator (fees were reasonable). She suggested destinations, amount of time needed, etc. On our return to the port we did not have transportation booked we were considering ship based excursions. I emailed Hampton Inn from the ship and the Group Coordinator arranged for pickup--keep in mind that we were not staying at the hotel on our return--We were going home. She could not reach me by phone to confirm we worked via email. I called the driver when we reached Miami at 6am and he said Lourdes was unsure of the time but he'd be waiting with a group sign at the pier around 7am. Our group was split up getting off the ship and it delayed them over 40 minutes but they waited to take us all to the airport as a group. When we arrived at the airport the Group Coordinator of Hampton Inn (Lourdes) had called me--she wanted to see if our trip was satisfactory and if the driver picked us up as promised. Keep in mind this was a Sunday Morning and she works Monday-Friday. When we checked in the hotel on Saturday (her off day)--she also called me at the hotel checking to see if everything was satisfactory upon check in. We've stayed in Miami before and did not care for the hotel, staff or location. At the Wyndham during our last stay we were told by the bus driver not to go out at night the area is too dangerous--needless to say we didn't enjoy Miami or feel safe. We didn't feel uncomfortable at this hotel at all--great security--you must have an active hotel key in order to take the elevator in this hotel. Clean, reliable arranged transportation allowed us to enjoy the sights of Miami. Again, rooms are clean and comfortable---it's not the Ritz--it's an affordable and clean hotel with excellent service.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>lagwagon
<Content>great hotel for precruise Great hotel, We arrived on an early flight and tho our rooms were not ready, we were able to sit by the pool. We had missed the breakfast, but an employee was kind enough to get my daughter and me breakfasts to go Hotel staff was very helpful in getting us into our rooms by noon. Very clean, wonderful beds, pillows, and comfortors! Great location-across the street is a Walgreens, wendys, bakery, and a little market. Would definately stay here again! Price w/AAA was great, too. Also there was a shuttle to the port for $10/person  
<Date>Dec 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Sailguy
<Content>Nice Place - Great to use when taking a cruise from Port of Miami My wife and I stayed at this location about 6 years ago before taking our first cruise--the hotel had just opened. I'm happy to say--6 years later it's still a great buy. We stayed there before and after our recent cruise after Thanksgiving and were thoroughly pleased. It's about 5 minutes from the Miami airport and has a free shuttle, nice complimentary breakfast, great pool, hot tub and exercise room. Staff are courteous, rooms are clean, bed was great and the hotel gives a nice overall impression. The area it's in has the basics--fast food in walking distance, drug stores, market, etc. for any items you might have forgotten.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>bajerman
<Content>Good pre-cruise choice We booked this hotel for 2 nights prior to a cruise. For me ,it was a choice between this and the Holiday Inn Port of Miami. I chose this propert for several reasons.1) for a 2 night stay and no rental car, I liked the option of a suite with a kitchenette area complete with dishes ,stove ,microwave, dishwasher, fridge and a small dinette table. I dont plan to cook but it leaves the option open and to have a large fridge to hold water bottles, beer and some fruit was great. The bedroom had 2 beds (?full or queen) and the living area had a fold out couch. Both areas had a TV.2) We were arriving somewhat late and the proximity to the airport and the free shuttle worked for us.3)It was rated higher on trip advisor and had fewer lukewarm or negative comments. I also thought it would be less crowded. We paid more but we didnt mind.General impressions: 1)used the courtesy phone at the airport and were told where to meet the shuttle and were given a description of the shuttle. Its a busy area and there is a constant stream of shuttles form the various hotels. There didnt seem to be any specific pick-up area but rather find a place at the curb and wave at the shuttle that has your hotel name.2)Arrived to a clean spacious suite,check- in was no problem, (havent ever eperienced otherwise :) staff was courteous and helpful. Pool area was attractive ,clean and had plenty of space -tables ,chairs etc.3)Wal-greens,CVS (same type of store) and a grocery store are all across the street and provided easy access for snacks, water, liquor, personal care items etc. There is even a deli in the grocery store for chicken, sandwhiches, and salads.4) Didnt seem to be a lot of dining choices -burger King and someplace called Pollo Tropico? ,kind of a fast food chicken and seafood southern style,seemed to be popular. There was a small mall and bank across the street(ATM machine). We didnt explore too much and didnt have a rental car as we didnt want the hassle.5)Breakfast was basically a continental with 2 warm choices on the side, french toast sticks or eggs for example. A free newspaper and a cup of coffee are enough to make me happy. If you are looking for a prepared omelette go elsewhere.6)Shuttle to the Port was $10/person,we arranged through the front desk . The shuttle was on time and we had no problems. They offer to pick you up as well but we had other plans.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>cadybugtours
<Content>Not that great After all of the great reviews of this hotel, I was expecting more. It's an ok hotel. The bed was nice and the room was average. I didn't think it deserved the glowing reviews. No room service is available. Please note that it is under construction at this time. Had I known that, I would have taken my $169 somewhere else.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	3	3	2	2	3	

<Author>andrew340
<Content>great choice Stayed at this hotel pre and post cruise. Hotel in good condition and very clean. Stayed in the one bedroom suite. The Hampton bed was very comfortable. Hampton breakfast also good. On return from cruise, the hotel let us check into our room at 10:15 am - very impressed with that.Overall excellent value and will use the hotel on future stays in the Miami Airport area.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>alliebdive
<Content>Great for a stopover but it's not a resort hotel! We stayed here for one night after arriving from London. It was great to stay somewhere so near the airport and not have to deal with picking up the car and driving on while we were tired.The reception staff were very welcoming and our one bedroomed suite was extremely spacious and contained everything you could want - perfect for our party of 2 adults and 2 teens.Contrary to some other reports, I thought the breakfast was much better than I'd expected - it is certainly much better than other free breakfasts we have been offered. There was plenty of hot food as well as cold selections and a good selection of breads and pastries. It isn't a luxury hotel - it's a Hampton Inn. Don't expect it to be suitable for your vacation! It's not a resort.We paid around $220 for a night which is a lot of money for what is essentially a budget range of hotels. Having said that, Miami is expensive, the location was great and the free shuttle etc very convenient. We would definitely stay here again under similar circumstances.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>hliss
<Content>Disappointed Given the stellar reviews, I guess I was expecting more. It is decent for a Hampton Inn, but it is still a Hampton Inn. Beds were comfortable, but the room, and the breakfast room had some serious air conditioning problems. Our room never cooled, but given that we checked in after midnight we did not bother to report the problem. When we got to the breakfast room, it was a similar problem. When I mentioned that the room and breakfast room were hot, I assumed they would indicate that this was a temporary problem. They denied that there were any problems with the hotel, which suggests to me that this is the way the hotel normally is. Yuck! Although it is nice that they provide a breakfast, especially the breakfast on the go, and staff were nice, it was still a motel breakfast. Eggs seemed powdery, biscuits were hard, watery gravy, unripe fruit, bread and bagels, and cereals. And the price was quite a bit higher than the typical Hampton Inn. I would not return to this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	4	4	4	

<Author>Off_from_work
<Content>Attention to the little details I spent just a few hours in the hotel between flights at MIA and was pleased with what I found. I left the airport at about 2am after their complimentary shuttle service had stopped running. I called the front desk from an information kiosk at the airport and they asked me to take a taxi and they would take care of the $14 fare. Not bad!One of my bags went missing (the one with my toilettries!). The hotel had extra toothbrushes, toothpaste, combs, etc (Thank God!). I call that paying attention to the little details. Afterall, if they did not, how would I get ready to get to the airport for 7 am the same morning?The room was okay, nothing extravagant, but clean and nice. I wish they had balconies though. The bed was soft and comfortable (although I did not get much sleep).They also had on-the-go breakfast bags for persons who did not have time for sit-down breakfast. The breakfast was not extensive but not bad either.Overall, my experience was okay and with the additions like complimentary shuttle to and from the airport and complimentary breakfast, it was good value for the price.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>thehotelconnoisseur
<Content>Excellent Stay All Things Considered After staying at the Four Seasons Great Exuma, Mandarin Oriental Miami, and the Four Seasons Nevis we wanted to stay someplace relatively cheap to save some money. We were staying on a one night layover from the Four Seasons Nevis on to Houston. The lobby is more upscale than expected. The rooms are actually very nice, the new Hampton Inn beds are definitely over average. Service is great. For the people who think I'm crazy for not giving a 5 dot review, it should be noted that this is NOT a 5 star hotel. (tile bathrooms instead of marble, no bellmen to take your bags, no frette linens, ext.) It is actually a 2 star hotel, as said by tripadviser. But I will I would return and my stay was very enjoyable, and of course it's a great value.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Value Good Value for the money, good staff and lots of security measures.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Sunflwer711
<Content>Comfortable Pre-Cruise Night Stay My husband and I stayed for one night (June 8) at this wonderful hotel for a pre-cruise stay. It met my expectations and more. Our flight arrived early in the day so we called from the airport to let them know we would need to be picked up (there is a complimentary van shuttle to and from the airport to the hotel) and if our room would be ready for us. I read the confirmation number I was given over the phone and was told everything was ready and waiting for our arrival, exactly what we requested, no problems. The air conditioned shuttle ride from the airport to the hotel took less than 15 mins at noontime, which was great. The hotel is is in a 'pretty good' neighborhood; it's across the street literally from a mini-mall w/ a Publix grocery store, CVS, Walgreens, etc (in case you need sundries, food, etc) but if you're looking for the Miami/South Beach you see on TV, this is not the area. That said, check in was perfect, the pool area was nice and clean. The room is basic but has all you need for your stay - very comfortable bed, white soft down bedding, toiletries, hairdryer, clean bathroom/shower, couldn't have been more satisfied w/ our one night stay. We had a view of the airport and could watch planes come and go - but never heard any plane noise from inside our room, which was great. Breakfast was fantastic - a complimentary hot breakfast w/ eggs, sausage, biscuits, and then cereal, yogurt, danish, fruit, coffee/tea, juice, etc. What I really liked was the people there - always smiling, nice chatty conversations, helpful and courteous, asking how are you, how is your day, which makes for a comfortable feeling. Two things I wasn't crazy about (which the hotel and staff can't help) is 1) it's at least a 20 min drive to South Beach/Ocean Drive (and a $30 cab ride - one way!) and 2) the area the hotel is in is on a main, busy street, not one I'd like to walk around after dark. I will say that the hotel takes the fact that it is near a major airport and in the middle of a major city into account and does have nice security measures, like you can't go up in an elevator to any floor without first inserting a valid hotel room card.We would love to stay here again for another pre or post-cruise stay in the future!  
<Date>Jun 22, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>StephLP
<Content>great place My husband and daughter stayed overnight during a layover to Dominican Republic. Very impressed with Hampton Inn. Also stayed at one on the way back in Dallas and had the same experience. Very clean, comfortable beds and great breakfast. Would highly recommend.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>variedtraveler
<Content>A more accurate review This is the 5 star hotel of hotels in this class. Spotless, helpful staff, great contemporary art work throughout. If you were to list all the amenities that all of the other hotels in this class have, this one has every one of them, and a few more. Impressive lobby for a hotel in this class. free wireless throughout, free highspeed in the rooms, free PC's with printer to use in the business center, fruit, juice coffee and cookies out all day, in addition to free breakfast, cozy sitting area with 50 plasma screen, cheerful posters in the elevators, smart security, suites w/fridge microwave and sink. spotless pool, jacuzzi, and pool area, always fresh towels, never a piece of trash anywhere, not even the parking lot. Deserves a 6th star. To all those readers who gave this a 4 star rating, let's be be honest, either you don't travel much, or you just don't give 5 stars, if this one doesn't get all 5. probably $20 more than another hampton, but the best $20 you'll ever spend.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very happy! My wife and I read the reviews for the Hampton Inn Blue Lagoon and reserved a room for 5 nights. As in the reviews the bed was great along with the pillows. The front desk and staff were great. The buffet breakfast had a large selection to choose from. A very good Cuban resturant Casa Juan across the street in the mall. We chose this location because it was very convenient for us 2 blocks from the 836 (Dolphin Expressway) We will return to this hotel on our next trip to Miami.  
<Date>May 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best beds! We stayed in Hampton Inn, Blue Lagoon, for 2 nights before our cruise from Miami.Found everything to be great!.Check in was easy, beds were the most comfortable ever, breakfast was ok as well. All the staf we most helpful. Loved the way the mirror in the bathroom stayed steam free - a little thing I know, but important to us ladies!We visited the 2 nearby Malls and it ocst us about $15 each way. Walgreens, Publix and CVS just across the street.Did see any restaurants nearby so had to take a taxi to the nearest steak house.No Complaints at all.  
<Date>May 13, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mango98
<Content>Welcome to the USA Stayed here 21  22 April 2006 before a cruise. Firstly thank you to all the reviewers of trip advisor, has made planning our trip so much easier. Our first night in the US after travelling for over 20 hours. Arrived at the Hampton Inn Blue Lagoon which is very close to Miami Airport. Quick easy check-in (at 2am). Lovely big room and very comfy bed. Clean and quiet. Free computers with internet access in lobby - an unexpected bonus. Friendly staff. Would highly recommend.  
<Date>May 10, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hudaaz
<Content>Hampton Lives Upto the Hype I have never stayed in a Hampton Inn I didn't like, and this stay just reaffirmed my faith in the chain. I chose this after reading tripadvisor reviews and want to thank you all. We only stayed a night, but it was the most restful night sleep I've had in months. The mattresses, comforters and pillows were so luxurious. I was impressed by the elegance of the decor and emphasis on comfort. The Hampton Inn breakfast is what i love most. The breakfast to go concept is unique and so convenient for travelers on the go. I couldn't ask for a better place to lay my weary head after my long flight in. Being just five minutes from the airport made it even better. I could've stayed there longer. The only slight negative I can come up with is that it borders certain shady neighborhoods, but the neighborhood itself seems safe and fine. We had no problems with security.  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pgiuf
<Content>Perfect! We stayed one night- precruise. We really needed a nice /clean, resonably priced, with airport shuttle, with a warm breakfast, place to start off our vacation after a full day of travel. This was it!It was perfect. The staff are very helpful and cheerful. I could have stayed longer!  
<Date>Apr 14, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Drivexx
<Content>Friendliest Service, Softest Beds Five star service, five star beds. The hotel is lovely, beautifully decorated and the facilities are very good. So they are in many places, what makes this hotel outstanding is the quality and friendliness of the service. I wanted a hotel near the airport to do some shopping just for a few days and this was perfect. The breakfast room has to be one of the loveliest lounges anywhere and its very nice having free wireless internet to catch up on the news whilst having coffee. If I could ask for one thing more, it would be a bar, but that isn't a gripe just a desire for perfection at 2* prices :-)  
<Date>Apr 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>nanner10
<Content>Convenient, reasonable, great service, hard to beat! Every once in a while you get a little more than you are expecting. We think that was the case for our Jan 06 stay at the Hampton Inn and Suites-Airport South-Blue Lagoon. For this recent cruise trip we wanted/needed to spend a little less for our room. I thought this review would help others in a similar situation.We were looking for a hotel in Miami for a one night pre-cruise stay. Our search and the recommendations we found (granted they were for some very nice hotels) kept pointing us toward a price point that was significantly more that we wanted to spend for 鈥渏ust a place to rest our bones for a few hours before the real vacation begins!鈥?We were looking for something close enough to the pier, with access to stores for those last minute cruise necessities (wink, wink) and a convenient place for dinner and a cocktail. While it would have been nice to be closer to the pier and more downtown, in reality, this hotel fit the bill very nicely.  This hotel is listed as a two star hotel. I can鈥檛 imagine why. Is it because it lacks its own restaurant? In my opinion and from the reviews I have read a number of other travelers agree with me that this hotel belongs firmly in the three star category 鈥?at least. While it is still a somewhat basic hotel, I feel that needs to be stated with a big qualification! From my own search I knew that many people seemed to be on the same quest, therefore, I arrived at this Hampton Inn knowing that I would pay much more careful attention to this hotel than I might ordinarily with the hope that I could write a review for travelers who had similar needs. The Hampton Inn and Suites Airport South-Blue Lagoon (what a mouthful!) seems well run, it is clean, quiet, well maintained and provides many extra services and throughout the hotel there are a multitude of little things that show an attention to detail that give the strong impression that someone really cares here! I haven鈥檛 seen that much lately!The Hampton Inn and Suites Airport South-Blue Lagoon offers;鈥oderately priced rooms: This is Miami folks! Decent rooms are not cheap here! The price depends on time of year, special rates such as AAA, AARP, etc. Our AAA rate room was $151.54 ($134.10 + $17.44 tax) on 1/20/06 鈥ree shuttle to/from the airport. Dial #366 from courtesy phones in luggage claim area. You will then need to go up to the 2nd floor (departures) and out to the sidewalk to catch the shuttle. It is easy to ID the shuttle: the entire shuttle bus has a multicolored patchwork painted on the sides with a Hampton Inn mural and says 鈥?7th Ave/Blue Lagoon鈥? Make sure you are on the correct Hampton Inn shuttle as there are multiple Hampton Inn locations in Miami!鈥?Free shuttle to nearby locations (our driver was Alvaro, who drove us to dinner at the nearby 94th Aero Squadron Restaurant and bar. From the bar we were able to watch planes come in for a landing.) The Host will call the hotel and the driver will come back for you when you are done鈥arking lot and garage: free for guests, $15 per day after check outTransportation to the cruise ship pier is not provided by the hotel, but they will call a taxi/shuttle for you:鈥axi $25 to cruise ship pier for two people鈥ndependent (non hotel) shuttle to the pier: $35 for two or $10pp for more than twoHOTEL鈥his hotel is located minutes from the airport, on a busy street. It is about 15 minutes (in light traffic) from the pier.鈥ery friendly, attentive, helpful and pleasant front desk staff (Thanks Yami and Pam!)鈥leasant lobby and grounds (being freshened up by groundskeepers while we were there)鈥?1 floors鈥ery quiet in room. Soundproofed windows. We were not disturbed by any street noise.鈥ur room did not have a Lagoon view, but, the city view toward pier was nice (with the exception of the parking lot and nearby medical building), especially at night.鈥afe. Room card was needed in elevators to access the guest floors鈥ell lit, quiet halls鈥mall, heated pool (felt just warm, but we did not go in) and hot tub (slightly green during our visit)鈥ool patio with a covered area with bistro tables and chairs. This was just outside the breakfast room. I would imagine you could take your breakfast outside.鈥n general this hotel has gone the extra step to provide an extra level of amenities, such as the rod to hang garment bags, the hairdryer with the added nightlight feature and the above average breakfast features. They have added many small touches that are easy to overlook, but show an attention to detail, such as the repeated use throughout the public areas and the guest rooms of the company logo on things like: toilet paper, glass panels and doors, shower curtains, bath mats, pillowcases, etc., even the cookies in your room! Nice touches.鈥omplimentary USA Today newspaperBUSINESS CENTER (just off the lobby)Multiple free computers with internet access and printer.Other business services availableIN HOTEL CONVENIENCE STORE (just off the lobby)Offering snacks, light foodBeverages, including beerMiscellaneous toiletries and OTC medicationsBREAKFAST ROOMOffers free coffee, tea, hot chocolate, OJ and apple juice, water, apples and bananas 24 hours a day.Free 鈥渙n the house鈥?breakfast includes the above items plus:French toast sticks, maple syrup, bagels, toast (toaster available) muffins, Danish pastries, biscuits (plain and cinnamon), sausages, fruit salad, 3 dry cold cereals, yogurt and oatmeal.Also offered are 鈥淥n the Run鈥?breakfasts. They provide a rack of pre-selected breakfast items packaged in a brown bag, just grab and go.EXERCISE ROOMDid not use! Appears well equippedROOM鈥reshly painted soft golden walls鈥icely decorated with nice art鈥ppears recently decorated with newer bedding, etc. The rug was very slightly worn.鈥eating area, small table two chairs鈥esk, armoire鈥edium Cherry finish furniture, some with contrasting walnut trim, rubbed bronze light fixtures.鈥added lap desk/bed table鈥wo phones鈥nternet connection/wireless, printer services available (sent from room to front desk)鈥ree local calls. Also free connection to a long distance carrier (long distance rates then apply)鈥intendo鈥tandard TV channels with 3 HBO channels鈥roning board/iron鈥offeemaker, coffee and tea, cookies etc.鈥lectronic safe in the closet鈥loset door has full length mirror鈥easonably comfortable mattress (and we are picky!)鈥ots of pillows鈥itted sheets 鈥 post mounted to wall to hang garment bags鈥tationary wood bench for luggageBATH鈥lean 鈥ell lit鈥?/2 circle shower rod鈥ile floor鈥ubtle wallpaper鈥unbean Brightsaver hairdryer with built in nightlight 鈥ath products; shampoo, lotion, conditioner, etc.鈥xtra large vanity鈥assage showerhead with good water pressure鈥ecorative towelsNEARBYThe neighborhood seems to be reasonably safe, with usual precautions advised. In the immediate area are: CVS, Walgreens, McDonalds, Wendy鈥檚, Burger King, Pollo Tropical (chicken restaurant) and a gas station. Across the street from the hotel is a small strip mall (Air Park Plaza) that houses: Publix (grocery store chain that carries beer and wine), full liquor store, Don Bon, a Cuban restaurant, pizza restaurant, subway, Expo Center (Home Depot, if I had known, I might have stayed here just for that!), a shoe store, a hair and nail salon and a party store.Needless to say we would recommend this hotel and would stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>FANDM
<Content>Wonderful for port departures My husband and I stayed here 3/11/06 before our cruise. The shuttle from the airport was full so the driver told us to take a cab and we would be reimbursed. We were reimbursed immediately without question. The room was spotless, the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in, and the staff was very accommodating. The desk clerk arranged for out shuttle to the port($10 per person), and we were delivered right to the entrance to Carnival. The free breakfast was outstanding and sitting outside by the pool was a great way to start the day. We stayed here because of past reviews from this website and this Hampton without question deserves the #1 ranking.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome Hotel I stayed here with a friend on March 17th-19th, and it was a wonderful hotel. The front desk staff was friendly and gave good choices when we decided to order in the first night. The bed was comfy and the room was clean. The only complaint was I had to call the front desk a couple of times for an iron. I would definitely recommend this hotel to people wanting to stay somewhere nice, but not trying to break the bank.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We Hated To Leave! After staying at a ridiculously expensive hotel with horrible service in Fort Lauderdale, I wasn't sure what to expect in Miami. However, right upon arrival the staff made me and my daughter feel right at home. They recommended a great restaurant (94th Aero Squadron Steakhouse) on our first night there and made arrangements for us to take an Everglade tour the next day. They even had the security officer walk me across the street to an ATM machine when the hotel's was out of service! I heard they were renovating but we stayed on the 3rd floor and everything was in good order. If they were doing work it sure was quiet! The room was perfectly clean and well laid out. We stayed in a King Study and it worked fine for my daughter and I. The hotel has great security, only those with room keys can get the elevator to the guest rooms. The pool/jacuzzi area was clean and spacious. The free breakfast was great and they even had brown bag 'breakfasts' made up for those folks on the go. The only thing this hotel could possibly do better is repaint the outside (ugly yellow color) and get a bigger shuttle. You won't regret booking at this Hampton!  
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jonesytv
<Content>Good Hotel This Hampton Inn is one of the better Hamptons. 1st, they enforce the non-smoking policy. That means, if you smoke in a non-smoking room, you are charged $350 to clean it. This stops the rude smokers from smoking and smelling up non-smoking rooms. So my non-smoking room smelled great. Also, since the policy is enforce, you don't walk down the hall and smell smoke coming out of non-smoking rooms. The hotel smelled nice and not like an ashtray. The hotel has the new Hampton bedding so the beds were comfy. The hotel has a free shuttle to the airport, which I used. The rooms were clean. I'll be back.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>PH8286
<Content>Convenient, Pleasant, Close to Airport I stayed here on a Sunday night (March 5th)after having arrived late afternoon from New England to catch an early Monday AM international flight out of MIA. I have had to do this fairly often for flights out of both MIA and FLL, and have stayed at some pretty dreadful places near these airports (the fact that I remember the awfulness of these places, even though each stay was only a short blip on a much longer voyage is testement to just how bad they were). The Blue Lagoon is a notable exception to the rule of the other experiences. The van came quickly after I called (though I would suggest using your cell phone to reach them, since I couldn't find their number on any of the courtesy phones in the AA baggage area), and it really only about 5 minutes to the hotel.  The room was clean, the shower more than adequate, the bed comfortable, and the wireless internet perfectly functional. Although the front desk people were pretty aloof, they were not overtly rude or unfriendly. The breakfast buffet is one of the better ones I have seen, with hot food (fresh fruit, yoghurt, sausage and some kind of waffles, in addition to cereal and bread) the dining room was large and comfortable, and take away bags were available. No problem getting to the airport on a 7 AM shuttle.  One of the nicest features, to me, was the small shopping mall across the wide avenue (be careful of aggressive drivers at the intersection)which allowed me to grab some last minute travel needs at the 24-hour CVS pharmacy, and have a first-rate Cuban meal at the Cafeteria Juan. I paid a $139 rate which seemed reasonable for the comfort and convenience afforded  
<Date>Mar 10, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>inmyopinionBoston
<Content>Perfect choice before our cruise We flew into the Miami airport the night before our cruise. This hotel was perfectly located for a quick complimentary shuttle ride from the airport and equally quick ride to the Port the next day. The place was immaculate! So clean, friendly, and relaxing after a long day of travel. It was conveniently located near a supermarket, CVS, and Walgreens (all walking distance) for quick last minute trip items. We were exhausted after our long day of flying and airport delays. I would highly recommend this hotel. They also have a great breakfast.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>almabalma
<Content>Very friendly, nice amenities I chose this hotel based on TripAdvisor recommendations, and I wasn't let down. Great amenities included free high-speed internet, decent selection of cable tv channels, a comfortable bed (although not luxe), a large, free breakfast buffet, free milk and cookies at 5:30, and free parking. The front desk staff was very friendly and I got a free toothbrush and toothpaste just for asking (I'd misplaced my toothbrush).The location is nothing special. Not a walking neighborhood, and just turning into the hotel is an ordeal involving a U-turn on at a major intersection. Didn't check out the pool or weight room.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>izlo
<Content>freindly stuff perfect with kids we stayed at hampton inn blue lagoon im miami for four nights in februar 2006, the hospitality was perfect, every thing was clean, the kitchen at the mini suit was perfect for stay with kids and the area was nice with publix just nearby. come back for sure.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>FinnMcCoolAsia
<Content>Very comfortable but shuttle bus communication needs work The SOP for shuttle bus needs review. I rang from the airport to announce my arrival and waited outside for the shuttle. It arrived 10 minutes later and took me to the hotel. Great except it was from another hampton Inn, not the one at Blue Lagoon. The receptionist at the hotel put me in a taxi which took me to the right Hotel blue lagoon. I was really impressed that they responded instantly to the error which cost them $25. I would go back there soley based on their willingness to help, and get me to the hotel ASAP. I was jetlagged so I was happy to see them help meThe rooms were very clean comfortable and well planned. Eduardo the night mgr was very pleasant and helpful. Yes I would recommend this hotel. Its not cheap but it does deliver when things go wrong.Sean  
<Date>Feb 14, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>whereyagoing
<Content>Clean and hospitable This hotel was so accommodating. The staff was terrific and helpful, and the place was CLEAN! We stayed one night and parked our car there for 9 nights (minimal fee)while we traveled. The car was in protected surroundings, far cheaper and safer than leaving it at the airport parking. The location was convenient, with several restaurants and a Publix nearby as well. The shuttle service dropped us off and picked us up from Miami Airport without a hitch. The rooms were large and quiet and breakfast was included. Would I stay here again - you bet!  
<Date>Jan 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>nikkiluvsrene12
<Content>Perfect and a great value! This hotel is everything the reviewers say and more. We chose it based on the Tripadvisor review and were there for only 1 night but had a wonderful stay! They have a prompt and free airport shuttle. Just call them when you get in. It is located close to a Walgreens  CVS for your travel needs, we always forget something! It is also across the street from a quaint and delicious 24hr. Cuban restaurant called Casa Juan, you can walk there and it is so worth it! The service was friendly and prompt. The rooms were large, spotless and comfortable. I mean it could have been a Westin! The breakfast was pretty impressive, and they even have it to-go because my husband loves to sleep in. We absolutely enjoyed our stay, with only 2 complaints it isn't very close to many clubs/miami beach and its alittle drive to the cruise ship terminal. THANK YOU!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Goodiam
<Content>Exceptional Value for Money I stayed here for 8 nights in a King suite. The advantage is that the bathroom, bedroom and lounge area are all separate. The room was above average for a 2 star hotel, kitchen was more than well equipped and a very short ride to the airport. Well positioned near the expressway too. Great value for money especially in Miami.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>oldflame
<Content>very nice Stayed 1 Saturday night and used the shuttle van. Had 11 of us and 1 baby plus lots of luggage and JUST fit. Check-in was smooth. Room was very nice. Soundproofed really well because we could watch planes take off and land from our window. Pool was surprisingly cold and the hot tub wasn't very hot, but didn't bother us. Breakfast has hot and cold items...nice selection. Walk to CVS, Walgreens, Publix, McDonalds and Burger King. Not a place to stay for a vacation but great for a night prior to a cruise. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>phatsnake04
<Content>well kept id have to say this is a very nice hotel just like the previous reviews state. The breakfast is very good, the staff is awesome! I asked for so many directions and they were always friendly. very secure parking and hotel where you need a key to make the elevator work at night. My favorite part was the shower curtain, it goes out in a circle so it doesnt touch you while you shower and makes the shower seem so spacious. Oh and if your anything like me you want to know about the water pressure! Its awesome! Great water pressure with massaging shower head. The only things i didnt really enjoy at first was the neighborhood, i went exploring and went the wrong way. everything was in spanish and there were bars on alot of windows. The first few hours i was there i almost wanted to leave. Then after asking directions i was pointed in the direction towards the airport and there are lots of places to eat and very nice! If you go west on the frontage road by the airport you end up at a huge mall and lots of dining establishments! I was very happy once i found this. I wont hold it against the hotel though because this hotel was truely fantasic! The last little thing if i was to complain would be that one of the elevators wouldnt register my floor. it wouldnt go up it would just sit there so i would have to walk up to the second floor and catch the elevator there. Those are the only small things i could find wrong which arent real big. Hotel is awesome neighborhood isnt the best in the world but both me and my wife definatly felt safe and comfortable in this hotel. I would stay here again for sure!  
<Date>Aug 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It's the Staff - stupid Just back from a 6 day stay in wonderful Miami. And decided to give the: 鈥淗ampton Inn  Suits鈥?(by the Airport) a try. I was on a family visitation trip, but needed to stay in contact with business, and email on a dally basis. And was draw to this hotel with there free wireless offer. The hotel was typical for a 3-4 Star, with good room amenities, i.e.: iron, coffee, hair dryer, and notably a safe. Additional notables were: Secured parking, controlled access to room elevators, and rooms, via access/Key cards. First the Pro鈥檚: After 3 day I was shocked on how truly helpful, and pleasant the staff was; All the time! I don鈥檛 mean just the front desk, but every single staff member, most notably was the floor maid who always had a smile, a good morning greeting, and eager to accommodate any request for service or additional towels/toiletry Items. By this time I decided to put the staff through some 鈥減aces鈥?to see just how far they really would go to accommodate. First was a request for a special fine point pen from the front desk at 11 pm on Saturday night, none was available, but WOW, the girl at the front desk offered to loan me one she routed for in her purse. Second was a request to house keeping, for 20 pillows to be laid out on the bed before I returned from dinner. To my surprise, there were 10 additional pillows on my return, neatly laid out and a note saying that that鈥檚 all they could find, although not the 20 still a good effort.Lastly I tried requesting something goofy from the front desk, (Turkey feathers). 10 min. later I received the location and directions on where to find them!The Con鈥檚: Not much, but the room door lock card failed 3-4 times causing a trip back to the front desk to re-program the card; there should be a house phone on each floor! The carpet in the room had some stains, and could have used a cleaning. And lastly the morning breakfast could have run an extra hour longer. Overall, if you are not looking to spend time in a pool, this is a fantastic buy for those seeking a good place to start, and end the day, especially for the business traveler.Osman Castillo Stayed 8-4 to 8-8-05  
<Date>Aug 18, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>stsc3009
<Content>Highly recommended! I stayed at the Hampton Inn together with my gf for one nightbefore travelling onwards to Key West. All of the previous reviews are true.The hotel is way beyond 2 stars. Room was spacious and spotless clean. Service was excellent. Staff was very nice and helpfull. Continental breakfast is clearly above average.Hotel provides free, safe parking, operated by room key. Supermarket and fast food restaurants are just across the street.Highly recommended! Excellent value for your money!  
<Date>Aug 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>thebride57
<Content>Fantastic Hotel Spent two nights at this hotel last week why it is sitting on 2 1/2 stars (should be 3+) is beyond me. I could not fault one single thing. Rooms beautiful, free breakfast and the facilities were great. A Mc donalds across the road open 24 hours. I would book this hotel agian. We found this hotel on Trip advisor and went with the reviews.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Pre  My husband and I stayed at the Hampton prior to our Royal Caribbean Cruise. The hotel was great. Rooms were very nice. The staff was wonderful - very friendly and courteous. The complimentary breakfast was very good.The hotel is conveniently located across the street from a shopping plaza and is surrounded by fast food outlets such as Burger King, Mac Donald and Wendy's. There is also a CVS and Walgreens nearby.It is about 10 minutes from the Port of Miami and there is a guy who provides transportation from the hotel at a cost of $10 per person.Based on our experience with the hotel we booked 2 nights prior to our leaving Miami.I would definitely recommend this hotel a to anyone who is staying in Miami.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>frankieirishman
<Content>Wonderful experience To only give this hotel 2 stars is a joke. All the staff were wonderfully friendly. The hotel was comfortable and was convenient to shops a small mall and restaurants. Would recommend highly to anyone  
<Date>Jul 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Choose this hotel!   showReview(3696289, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 24, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Opekepe
<Content>Very nice rooms!   showReview(3637413, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 5, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>L0veBeaches
<Content>Great Experience   showReview(3557674, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 15, 2005
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>guini
<Content>Can recommend this excellent hotel   showReview(3420191, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 27, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>travelmom07
<Content>Great value - awesome hotel!   showReview(3416755, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SassyGurl666
<Content>highly recommend the Hampton Inn and Suites Blue Lagoon       pool  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dfctrip
<Content>Super Hotel!   showReview(3237114, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 28, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GaHotelHobo
<Content>Great stay for the money   showReview(2899636, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Happy King
<Content>Great hotel, great location   showReview(2152533, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>reick
<Content>Great Hotel to stay with kids   showReview(1882537, 'full');   
<Date>May 7, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Hondurastravelmaker
<Content>Sencillamente perfecto para una noche en tr谩nsito       Vista habitacion  
<Date>Dec 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Tinker26
<Content>TOLLES HOTEL!!!!!   showReview(22144200, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>TuristaVenezolano
<Content>Venezolano dice: Excelente Opci贸n Precio / Valor   showReview(20139063, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>FREDDYMM
<Content>Excelente hotel   showReview(17084245, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>liztaylor44
<Content>Genau was wir gesucht hatten   showReview(16004154, 'full');   
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Goccia70
<Content>Carino ma senza esagerare..............   showReview(14716392, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sauberer und gepflegter Gesamteindruck   showReview(11455422, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

