<Author>Karl80
<Content>Average Hotel We chose the hotel because it is close to the conference centre and only a short distance on the metro to the city centre.We stayed at the hotel for three nights towards the end of November. The hotel is clean and reasonably priced. The bedroom was a good size (we had a double room with an extra bed for our son) but far too hot despite the outside temperature averaging 7掳C. The air conditioning didn't work and the reception said they were unable to do anything about it. The double bed consisted of two singles pushed together. The bathroom was above average, with black marble and a frosted-glass washbasin.Each bedroom is stocked with a complimentary minibar which gets topped up daily, although it's fair to say the choice and size of drinks is limited!The fitness suite is pretty good, and we made full use of the three jacuzzis, although it was too cold to try the outside pool. Breakfast was relatively basic but I'm not sure if this is commonplace in Barcelona. The bar on the first floor is rather basic and lacked atmosphere. Coming from England, where smoking in bars is banned, it seemed really smokey but I guess that's commonplace throughout Spain.Reception tried to charge us full price even though my wife insisted we had a special conference rate. In the end this was resolved when my wife produced e-mail proof of the agreed lower rate.In all, not a bad hotel but I certainly don't think it's worth the full price quoted.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	3	3	2	2	3	

<Author>Fravellist
<Content>Second Stay for Conference Centre       The Room.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>ahkat
<Content>Worse hotel ever I came to Barcelona because of a conference, and picked the AC because of its distance to the conference center. Apart from being extremely close, there is nothing good about this hotel. Some of my fellow co-workers called this hotel Zen jokingly, because of all the ammenities it lacks. For example, the hotel rooms does not have - a clock, a box of tissues, hair conditioner, a in-room safe, and an iron. I couldn't borrow an iron from the front desk to iron my shirt for work, there was no safe to store my passport, and worse of all... no clock! If you booked this hotel, please remember to bring all these items that comes standard in even the crappest 3 star hotels. Another problem with this hotel is the staff. They have no idea what is going on inside the hotel or outside. E.g. I asked for a non-smoking room and they put me in a room w/ an ashtray. When I complained, they tried to convince me that it is indeed a non-smoking room, just that guest can at any time request an ashtray. What? Then what's the point of a non-smoking room. I found out from a different staff the next day that my floor 19 was indeed a smoking floor. I also asked for direction to a restaurant and they told me that it is across the street in the mall. I don't speak spainish, but after half an hour of trying to find directions, I went into the Hilton and the staff there told me the restaurant i am looking for is in La Rambles not across the street. Here are other stuff that I found disatifactory with this hotel. The breakfast is pathetic. The only hot items are bacon, disgusting looking eggs, potatoes and blood sausuage (which was also disgusting). The airconditioning of the room sucks. Do not pick a room that faces the water. Otherwise, you'll be waking up at 8am like I have been. The room gets too hot to sleep in once the sun come out.My recommendation, don't stay here. Stay at the Hilton or Princess which has all these basics ammenities and is just as close to the conference center.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	1	

<Author>Zack121212
<Content>Do not stay here!!! This hotel is complete Euro trash. The rooms are small, the TV is a 13 in CRT which picks nothing up but 15 Spanish channels and the staff is non-attentitive. Oh, not to mention the ambulance sirens that went by every 30 mins.I felt like I did and went to Ikea hell. The only positive is the fact you're right next to the convention center. But if you're requirement is close proximity to the convention center, stay at the Hilton right next door.. MUCH better!  
<Date>Nov 8, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	3	3	3	2	3	

<Author>LondonCrawfords
<Content>Week in Barcelona       10th floor bedroom  
<Date>Nov 6, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	4	5	2	

<Author>gallaron
<Content>Great for conferences I attended a conference in the CCIB and was booked into the AC. Its literally part of the same building so no taxis etc required. Hotel was quite modern and room had a sea view. I didn't turn on the tv in the two days but was a bit of a throwback not to see a flat panel. Breakfast was ok and there was a reasonable selection. The pool on the 13th floor has a fantastic view but the water was very cold in October! Jacuzzi afterwards warmed me up. The AC is a bit out of town but its just a few minutes walk to the metro station and about 20 minutes from there to Placa Catalayuna with one line change.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Destini120
<Content>Even better than expected!       Hotel lobby - impressive!  
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>justinhLuxembourg
<Content>Ever feel like someone was playing with you What to say , well firstly the hotel is clean ad functional so can't mark it down on those points. However the staff all appeared a little like rabbits in headlights , nothing seemsed that fluid , every quesions was met with a sort of 'wow never been asked that before' sort of look , our questions weren't that strange ,how do we get to town , are there things to do locally , can you book me a taxi that sort of stuff. The decor just tries to be modern a little too hard , the place is cold and lifeless , a huge hotel but felt like we were there alone , breakfast is decidedly average , the presentation again tries to impress but its just a fake and you can tell, 鈧?0 for breakfast of poor tasteless re heated pastries and egg glupe that was supposed to be scrambled eggs. The area is very new and we found most things closed most of the time for our four day stay , it was August so I guess a lot of people on holiday but still it felt like such a planned neighbourhood, all we saw were these huge buildings and no one living there. Whats that tv programme the prisoner its like that everything is perfectly acceptable but you know its just not real , from the attempts at modern design such as the raw concrete walls to the silly over use of open space in the foyer , pitty they didn't spare some for the rooms or upgaded the 1980's TV.Overall the hotel was those cheap copies of european design that you get from asia , it looks right but once you use it once you know something isn't quite right.p.s. avoid the Casa y Tapas , its a chain of tapas bars nearby , its a health hazard.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	4	2	2	-1	

<Author>DohManc
<Content>What A Fab Hotel We've just arrived home after spending 5 nights at the AC Barcelona hotel and I have to say after reading the mixed reviews about this hotel before we left England, I was really apprehensive about our stay. We got there and loved it! It was clean, modern and the staff were friendly. They Spanish aren't people pleasers like us Brits and didn't go out of their way to be over friendly, but were pleasant all the same.The views from the hotel were amazing. One side you could see the beach and panoramic views of the city on the other side (which you can see even when you're relaxing in the jacuzzi or sauna)! Its quite quiet where the hotel is and is nice to get away from the city. Also, as its only five minutes walk from the beach, you can have a beach holiday and city break all in one!We had room service the first night we got to the hotel and the food was little pricey, but I suppose that can be expected with all hotels. However, its close to a big shopping complex with a few outside eateries and there are other local cafe bars nearby.The hotel is minutes walk from the Metro (El Marsame) and only takes about 7 minutes to get to La Rambla (get off at Metro stop Juame) Port Vell, Port Olimpic and Barceloneta and is on the tram route and tourist bus route. I would definitely recommend a stay here.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mr_beng
<Content>Not recommended We stayed at another hotel in barcelona before moving to this one. We called ahead to make sure check-in was 3 pm, and that we would get a king size bed. so we arrived approx 1 pm, left our bags and headed for the beach untill 3pm. when we arrived there was no rooms ready for us, and was told in a rude manner to come back in 2 hours...! I told them we called earlier, and was told to come back at 3 pm when we left our bags earlier, but the receptionist couldnt care less. so we had to spend 2 hours in beach-wear in the ridicolously overpriced pool-bar. so when we finally got our room everything looked ok, untill the neighbour arrived.... as mentioned in other reviews we also got a room with connecting door to people we don't know of,all night we can hear every single word the people in the other room was saying and doing. Also the banging of the door is very very loud. at checkout we were billed for drinks at the pool-bar thet we did not order, but after some paper-trailing this was corrected.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	4	4	1	3	3	

<Author>WelshTourist_7
<Content>Great hotel!! Just came back from staying for a week at the AC Barcelona. We found it a very comfortable, modern hotel, with all the amenities you would expect from a 4 star. The food was a bit pricey, but there is plenty of choice in the open air arcade just over the road. The staff were very friendly, and the room was fresh and clean. A great base, with a tube station (very easy to use, and cheap as chips!), 200 yards away. Roughly 10 minutes to the Ramblas in the tube. Nice area to walk around in the evening. Will definately book again to stay here. Great hotel in a cracking city!  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>hews76
<Content>Excellent hotel, great location. Loved this hotel! We went a group of 15 guys to this hotel and we were very impressed with it. The hotel was really smart and the decor very trendy. The rooms were great (most have a sea-view) and there is also a free mini-bar and a stereo in the room (which you don't get in most hotels).The location is great because it is 5 minutes walk from a clean, excellent beach. The beach had an excellent bar with a dj playing in the afternoon which was cool.The staff are the best asset of this hotel. Although we partied hard all weekend the staff were never anthing else but amazingly friendly. The reception staff especially were great and nagore on reception always had a smile and time to chat.Overall, would definately stay there again, travel with work all the time and stay in nice hotels but this is one of my favourites.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>InspirationLondon
<Content>Modern stylish hotel Modern stylish hotel located just 10 minute-taxi ride (approx. 10 Euros) from the hustle and bustle of Barcelona. Great pool - the water can be cold but that depends on the time of the year (it was relatively warm in July!). Lovely view and if you use it in the morning it's very quiet (before 1pm it can be totally empty). Same goes for the jacuzzis (3 of them, one is really big), the gym (small but with free weights) and sauna/spa. Rooms feature a modern style, very functional and big bathrooms. Constantly cleaned and tidied up (as you'd expect). One night I tried the restaurant and the beef was just perfectly done. It doesn't come cheap but this is what you've got to expect if you want to stay in a 4*! Excellent breakfast, freshly made smoothies and good variety of wholemeal breads. I would certainly recommend it for a relaxing stay if you've been to Barcelona before and want to avoid the busy crowds of Ramblas.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>TeijaS
<Content>Surprisingly old fashioned We stayed at AC BCN the last two nights of our fabulous vacation. After spending the week in the heart of Born we wanted to relax near the beach.I had read lots positive comments on AC Barcelona and expected it to be a modern design hotel and I must say I was very disappointed. The 13 floor pool and sunbathing area was great and the restaurant was ok (a bit expensive though), but otherwise the hotel was surprisingly shabby, even old fashioned. Broken lobby table, rugged carpets, broken fire alarm hanging on the wall - little things that make a sloppy impression, Our room was the greatest disappointment: stuffy smell, television was straight from the 80's, cheapest possible cd player, our sea side view meant gray roofs and walls... The room had absolute nothing to do with design hotel, more like a very basic two star hotel in the countryside. So if you're a fan of design hotels and not booking a junior suite, don't expect much from the room!  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	2	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>adelenicola
<Content>Great Hotel for business or pleasure I have just returned from a business trip from barcelona and was very impressed with the AC Barcelona. The location is great to explore the city, the rooms are modern and spacious, great bar area and the pool on the 13th floor is worth a visit for the views even if you dont swim! My only reservation was the service which was very slow on all occassions and not polite staff although everything else was well above my expectations. Well worth a visit.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	1	1	4	

<Author>Peter_St_Helens
<Content>Very Nice hotel       Above main entrance  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kq501
<Content>Mostly business, or maybe peace       sunbathing area  
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	5	3	2	5	

<Author>robtk
<Content>Ok for business, not for pleasure Stayed at the AC for 3 nights for a business event. And that's what this hotel is good for: business events/meetings. It is too far away from all the sights to use this hotel as your place to stay for a touristic visit of Barcelona.There is a metro station around the corner, and the hop-on-hop-off bus stops in front of the hotel, but I would not recommend this hotel for tourists.The hotel itself is a bit of a design hotel: all modern and trendy. The rooms are comfortable and the bathroom is very nice. It even had a bidet! Beds are good and the minibar is included n the room rate! There is a nice pool area on the 13th floor, although I didn't use the pool.Breakfast is ok, as is lunch. I didn't have diner in the hotel so I can't comment on that.The check-in went fast ans smooth, but I was surprised to find another suitcase in my new room. It turned out that the room was assigned to two people at the same time... Seems like they need an upgrade of their software. Anyway, it was taken care of in no time.The downside was the very poor wireless connection. I paid for 24 hours, but couldn't use the service most of the time because of poor reception. I think the capacity of the wireless network was not aadequate for the number of guests...All in all: good hotel fi you have to go to Barcelona for business, stay away if you are a tourist.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	3	3	1	

<Author>dinko5
<Content>Stylish business hotel Stayed there for 3 nights for business. From outside the hotel is not impressive, the building looks more as an office block than a hotel. Once you are inside it's a different story, the lobby is very stylish, sleek design of rooms, wonderful views (I had a room on the 16th floor). The service was also very good, quick, good English, professional. I have especially liked the free minibar: i always hate those overpriced minbars in other hotels. I don't like to drink tap water, and I always end up overpaying for soft drinks from minibars.I wouldn't recommend this hotel for tourists, don't even think of a romantic weekend there. It's huge, impersonal, but stylish and functional. Also, very far from any tourist spot.  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>dpofarre
<Content>Good Business Hotel After a recent hosting of a 3-day seminar at this facility, I can say that we were quite pleased. We have stuggled with accomodations in Barca in the past, as it's difficult to find that cost/quality/location balance - with here things were different.Located in Diagonal Mar, it's just far enough away from Born and other areas of the city that might draw people's attention away from a seminar, making it a good spot for business stays. However, I found about a 10 Euro taxi ride would put you back in the action. Just a few hotels over stands the Hilton, as well as Princess, which I believe are slightly more expensive. The quality of the rooms were justified for the cost, and housekeeping was quite attentive as I always found the room in order when I would return, no matter if I left the room first thing in the morning or later in the day. As this hotel was handling multiple seminars at once, I felt they did a fantastic job. Seldom was there any cross traffic between the different groups, and when groups did exit the salons for a break, it did not disrupt us at all. There were some small requests that went unattended (light bulb removal, extra tables positioned), but these were merely small matters that we easily took care of on our own. Overall, I definitely recommend the facilities for a seminar/conference. Regarding the rooms, I had to deal with the following issues:1. There were some problems with the air conditioning for a day, which made the rooms quite warm. As it was April, this was easily fixed with an open window, though I'm not sure of the frequency of this problem.2. It was advertised that the minibar was free of charge each day, but a look in revealed two small beers (one non-alcoholic), water, and a few soft drinks. This wasn't a bother personally as I figured it was the case, but other people seemed quite upset about it. 3. They provide a golf ball soap that is rather neat. Problem was with multiple nights, that golf ball eventually became small enough to slip out of my hands and fall into the drain hole for the sink and become lodged. It took quite a while to remove it.4. Internet is wireless and provided by Telefonica - you should get the card from the lobby each day as it is needed. I chose to purchase via credit card each day from the comfort of the room, and the two repeat charges triggered the alarm that locked two of my credit cards throughout the stay. I travel a fair amount, so my purchases are erratic already, but this set it off for some reason. All in all, a good stay, and I know if we return to Barcelona again next year for our seminar, we will most likely choose this hotel again.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Tagesthemen
<Content>Comfort and Convenience at a Price The AC Barcelona is a comfortable, modern hotel with a cool stylish feel to it. The standard rooms really are deluxe rooms. I have stayed here before in a junior suite and to be honest, with the obvious difference in size, the comfort level is fairly similar. All rooms have a great marble bathroom, bathrobes and a free (if limited) minibar. Get a room with a sea view if possible. The level of service (and standard of English for an international hotel) was fairly uneven but overall OK.I was here for a conference and did feel exploited by the high price of the room - about 120 euros per night more than a couple days earlier when the conference was not on. It is however right beside the conference centre (CCIB) so you pay for the convenience. The AC Barcelona is a few minutes walk to the sea which is also a big plus but it really is in the middle of a business zone so I would have to get a fairly good deal to stay here if I was on a leisure trip.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>mgsh
<Content>Great hotel to relax After our disasterous one night out of our three planned stay at the Eurostars Grand Marina Hotel (we used the very expensive internet in our room and checked out this hotel on Expedia) and a short taxi drive along the cost to The Forum area we arrived at The AC Barcelona.What a contrast to the Grand Marina. A much larger hotel, not quite as new and a cross between tourist and business class. To us at this time and after our experiance was a palace.We arrived a little after 9.30 am, without any booking at all just turned up and asked for a room. The young lady receptionist was fantastic and a total credit to the company she works for. A room was found almost instantly and a very nice porter took us and our cases to our room and elequently explained the room which included a limited FREE mini-bar.The room was smaller than the Grand Marina with only a shower over the bath not a shower room but unlike previously everything worked and was absolutly spotless. The 10th floor view from the back of the hotel overlooked the exibition centre/concert complex. There was an exibithion on at this time and some of the delegates were staying at this hotel. That night there was a concert, hundreds of happy young people all over the place. In our little heaven of peace and quiet we heard nothing. Beyond the complex there was a great view of the sea and the sailing yachts from the local marina Port Forum. An area that at this off year is deserted but in the summer months I am told is busy with sun and music enthusiasts in the open air arena and water sports areas. This area is a well kept secret of the Barcelona residents, and I cannot blame them.It was noticed that cruise tour operators used this hotel for their clients. It's not that close to the Marina departure point so it must have something over the expected venues.This hotel is a little out of the hustle an bustle of La Ramblas but a 7 to 10 Euro taxi ride and you are there. When you balance the 210 Euro per night at the Grand Marina and the 100 Euro per night at the AC Barcelona your on a total winner. In the summer the hotel is on the Touristica Bus green route so your pass will cover transport to Barcelona cetre.Across the road is the shopping complex known as the Diagonal Mar. No large chains as such but a large complex of very high quality small stores and a large food court on the third floor with unexpected local delicacies. There is also a large supermarket to one side which could put ASDA to shame.The area is well served with bars and numerous hotels and restaurants.The restaurant in the AC Barcelona is very good value and the choice is excelent, there was a small fresh bar restaurat by the fitness centre which looked inviting but we did noy try. Breakfast is served in the main restaurant for 17 Euros and is a little expencive, the quantity and quality of the food is outstanding but is predominently to Spanish tastes for which this reviewer is greatful.In short this hotel is a true 4 star. Great staff, good though not lavish rooms, good restaurants and for the price your wallet can relax as well as yourself.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Brizzle
<Content>AC OK! We stayed here for 5 nights in November 2007. Our room was on the 9th floor and despite being next to the service lifts we didn't get any noise through interconnecting walls (except in the bathroom) and we didn't have an interconnecting door. There was, however, a bit of noise from the hall - so if other guests on your floor come back late you'll hear them, and the housekeeping staff start vacuuming at around 8am. We also had the comedic experience of hearing a man enjoying the throes of passion as we were walking past his room :) That said, this is a hotel mainly aimed at business travellers as it's quite far out of the centre, directly adjacent to the huge Forum conference complex and a big shopping centre. Although I was tagging along whilst my partner went to a conference, I found getting around from this location easy due to the multiple public transport connections. The room was nice and spacious enough for two people; plenty of storage although no safe (there are safe deposits downstairs). The bathroom was big with a large bath and a shower with fantastic water pressure. The whole hotel is quite 'mod' in its styling and the fittings are better than some I've seen. The seal on the window seemed to be damaged as there was a draught and a fair bit of noise despite the double glazing. The beds were two singles made up separately and pushed together. The mini bar (with one small beer) is free and there is wireless access for 鈧?2 a day. On the 13th floor there is a nice gym, pool (not heated), jacuzzis (indoor), and two small saunas and steam rooms. The breakfast was very comprehensive. Staff didn't fall over themselves to be friendly but were nice enough.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	3	3	3	

<Author>kiko99
<Content>Terrible hotel,bland and unhelpful We booked the hotel for 3 nights, but decided to check out after only 1 night. We got a room with a connecting door to people we don't know of,all night we can hear every single word the people in the other room was saying. Also the banging of the door is very very loud. There was also a concert nearby, which I heard happens very often, the music was so loud and going on all night long.The design looks modern but very bland.Looks more like a budget hotel but wants to try to be luxurious.The staff is very unhelpful and unfriendly. I left something in the room, the next day I had to call the hotel twice to try finding it to no avail. The first call I made, they ignored it completely. The 2nd call, they had to ring me back and then said they couldn't find it. I assume it was stolen by the housekeeper. They seem like a professional who doesn't know how to run a hotel business and they don't look after the guests either.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	1	2	3	2	1	

<Author>lx2006
<Content>Excellent choice I had to book an hotel in Barcelona due to a 3 day business trip where i had to go daily to Plaza Catalunya. First i took a look at hotels at walking distance from the office but they were old and expensive. I took the decision to look at other hotels near a subway stop and that had a better quality vs. price. I found AC Barcelona through their parent company website and liked the looks of it and the price was within the budget (i.e. 125 EUR per day with no breakfeast (+18 EUR)).I can say that i was suprised by the quality. Having extensive travel experience and stayed at several 5 star hotels, i can tell that this property is better than some 5 star hotels i have stayed in. All the ammenities you can expect from a top hotel (including free minibar), very good gym and pool at the 13th floor. Excellent design and friendly staff.7 subway stops from Urquinaona stop (20 min.) near Plaza Catalunya. From the hotel to the subway stop is 100 mt.Next time i go to Barcelona in business or leisure, i will stay here.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Malizia23
<Content>Great hotel A great hotel, modern, clean, very friendly, almost everybody in the hotel spoke English. Not in the best location, but there is a great mall with a nice food court across the street. Has a very good continental breakfast. I would definitely recommend this hotel to any one visiting Barcelona. Rooms are unbelievable, great hotel for the price.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Raoul_Lipschitz
<Content>Great modern hotel away from the action in Barcelona Great hotel for business conventions (part of the reason for my trip), but far from the life of the city. In a nutshell, the hotel amenities are fine, staff are friendly and very helpful, the restaurant is good and the rooms are comfortable. A spa/restaurant/pool on the 13th floor is very nice, although I got a bit tired of Hollywood theme songs played at somewhat annoying volumes. All rooms have a view of either the ocean or the city. The only complaint I have is the location.The Diagonal Mar area around the hotel is one of Barcelona's interventions (urban renewal project). Nearby is a shopping mall that is indistinuishable from malls anywhere around the world. I would recommend the tappas bar on the far east end of the terrassa, or explore the sidewalk cafes north of the mall. Access to the city is through bus 41 (about 35 mins to Pl. Catalunya), the yellow metro line (15 mins to Jaume station near Barri Gotic), or a tram that takes you to the Olympic Village via Pl. Glories (about 15 mins). Taxi access is very good, located just outside the hotel.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	1	4	5	5	5	

<Author>cris1970
<Content>Excellent base for exploring Barcelona The hotel is very, very good - starting from the reception hall up to the room standard (with a free mini bar, something still not that common in Europe). Service was flawless and we felt welcome even arriving very late at night. We stayed for little less than a week and enjoyed every day.As others mentioned, it is not exactly central, even if still very reasonably near the city's core. as it takes a 5 mins taxi ride to the Litoral road (where lovely clubs and nightlife are) or 10 mins the center (Barri Gothic or L'Eixample) - you can also take the very efficient underground or a Tram which will bring you there in top 10 mins). Barcelona's sights are so sparsely located that wherever you are you've go to take the (excellent) underground anyway, so it doesnt make a great deal of difference.For my tastes that's a plus: central Barcelona can be a little overwhelming in terms of heat, noise in summer days and I much like to have a base somewhere quieter with a 13th floor swimming pool with sun exposure all day long and a wonderful view of the town (there's another high block in front of it, but it really doesn't make any difference)..Finally, the fantastic modern architecture of the area where the hotel is located makes a pleasure to take the tram or taxi and enjoy the sight; outside the AC there's the fantastic Forum building, in itself a sight if you like modern architecture.We booked a room without breakfast and, well, the hotel's breakfast is just too expensive and not worth the value if you just like to have a cappuccino and a croissant. The mall outside has a place in its undeground floor right near to the entrance where you'll find Italian breakfast for a tenth of the price.Overall, a perfect staying, and I'll certainly will be back to the hotel for my next visit to Barcelona.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	4	-1	3	

<Author>Adam R
<Content>Beautiful but non-functional I went here for a conference and was immediately impressed by the style of the place. Everything was visually impressive from the lobby, to the bar, to the spectacular 13-floor deck with views of the city and mediterranean, right down to interesting little ashtrays and golf-ball shaped/sized soap. Unfortunately, with the exception of the 13-floor deck/pool, there was nothing else pleasant about this. The hotel is near the sea, but far from central Barcelona. Everything IN the hotel is very uncomfortable/unusable. For example, those cute little ashtrays are more like ash distributors, as they send your ash all over the table. Soaps are interesting to look at, but small spheres of soap aren't really very functional. The telephone was so narrow as to make it almost completely unusable. And, as another reviewer has written all but one of the electrical outlets turn off with the lights, so forget about charging batteries or doing anything in the dark that requires electricity (reading lights, computer, etc.).On the more positive side, breakfast was definitely edible and the staff were usually helpful to show you the various routes you could take into town. Despite its beauty and style, I would definitely not stay here again. Some things are nice to look at, but shouldn't be touched.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	1	5	4	4	2	

<Author>carrow
<Content>A mixed bag I stayed here for 6 nights whilst attending a conference and related meetings. The location is good for the business stuff but not good for pleasure. There is a very handy shopping mall across the road (but beware it is closed on sundays). The hotel is frustratingly close to the sea - i.e. you can see it but you can't get to it. Between the hotel and sea are multiple roads, acres of concrete, bridges that go no-where, an outdoor music venue and many other obtacles. Breakfast was good but expensive. Pool and bar area were pleasant (but on some days too windy to use), main hotel bar closes at 12midnight which seemed too early for spain and was not very flexible. Rooms were well equipped but very small. Beware summer weekends; there are regualr outdoor music concerts which end at 5am and which are about 300metres away from your hotel window. so it is very very loud. I would love to return to barcelona but wouldn't stay there unless my meeting was in the connected conference centre.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	4	2	3	

<Author>KCS
<Content>Great hotel - though maybe not the best for holiday makers This is a very good business hotel by the conference centre. Good sized and equiped rooms - though would have expected free interente / wireless access in the room these daysFree mini bar with water and beerExcellent (though expensive) buffet breakfastOut of town but taxi's are cheap and quick to the cityHave been there a few times for work and happy to keep going back.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ordflyer
<Content>Convenient to Convention Center -- Not to rest of Barcelona I stayed four nights at the AC Barcelona in June 2007. I attended a conference at the convention center which was just behind the hotel and from a location perspective, the AC Barcelona was hard to beat -- if you are there for a convention. If you are not attending a convention, and don't have any business near the hotel, I would recommend something closer to your desired activities.The hotel was about average for what one might expect. My room overlooked the ocean, and was clean and simple. A couple of things that I thought might be of interest. One, there is no peephole in the door. Someone knocked at my door, and I went to look only to discover there was no peephole. Seems rather strange for a hotel. The minibar is free (or in your room rate). However, you really only get one of each beverage, and I could not easily figure out how to turn the minifridge colder. Warm beer anyone? Breakfast was included in my room rate -- I tred to takeout breakfast to another room that we were meeting in and was told that I could not. The food was nothing to write home about -- breakfast or room service. Average to slightly below average for large hotel food. There is a mall across from the hotel, and the Metro station is close by. If you taxi to old town, you should expect a 10-15 minute ride and a fare of about somewhere between 6 and 10 euros.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>John071
<Content>Good business hotel Stayed there 3 nights in a twin room, Comfortable, free minibar, decent breakfast. The first night there was a concert on my side of the hotel, which meant a very noisy night till apx 03.00am. This makes it a neutral, otherwise it would have been above average. Just my bad luck I suppose.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	5	4	4	5	

<Author>stratia
<Content>nice hotel-rude staff is a very nice and big hotel 50 m from the metro station, very clean and modern.very good breakfast.but...very expensive.everything to eat or drink inside is very expensive.and the staff was rude.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	5	4	5	4	2	5	

<Author>Lugh_Lamfhada
<Content>Clean, efficient business hotel, but not very close to the city center       View of room 1511  
<Date>Feb 13, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kcinders
<Content>Modern conveniences We stayed for 2 nights in Dec 06. Very modern, clean, high rise near the water but not in center of town. Great fitness room with jacuzzis, turkish baths, and sauna. I wouldn't recommend for small kids b/c the windows open in an odd fashion and there are not screens. Also, we stayed in a room facing the water and it got quite hot during the day with the sun beating in on it. We were fine at night though. We skipped breakfast since it was rather expensive. We went across the street to the mall, up to the 2nd floor, and found Giovanna a kiosk with coffee, pastries, and crepes. The pan de chocolate and croissants were to die for plus we spent less than 10Euros for the 2 of us. The hotel is easily accessible by metro. The metro stop is El Maresme Forum on L4. To get to the hotel from the airport, get a T10 ticket(good for 10 journeys, can be shared), take the train to Passeig de Gracia and switch to the L4 metro. You will have to leave the station and then enter the Metro again which is a little odd but a worker told us how to do it. The neighborhood of the hotel is mainly other hotels and rather new construction. Not much character. Overall, a good deal, nice hotel  staff.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	4	4	

<Author>adrian_vg
<Content>AC Barcelona Stayed at AC Barcelona during Teched: IT-forum 13-18 november 2006. The checkin went quick and smooth, the rep wanted a card to swipe and photocopies of the payee's passport. The rep also informed us that the minibar was free, which was a bit of a surprise - I've never stayed at a hotel having this before, and about the restaurant on the 4th floor for breakfast and dinner..We, the wifey and me, got a non-smoking double-room on the 7th floor. Well up, we checked the beds and bathroom and found them to be very good. The bathroom had a bidet as well as a bathtub-shower combo, which I find very good to have, to soak in, after a hot day. The bathroom sink is made of glass, so one gets the pleasure(?) to view ones toes when brushing your teeth. Very, uh, snazzy and modern. 8-) There is a rather irritating lack of electric outlets that doesn't switch of when you turn off the master-lamp switch in the room for the night. This means you can't charge your mobile phone or portable computer during the night, unless you unhook the tv and the ip-box, at which point you have access to two electric outlets that are on at all times. For a techie like me, with all kinds of electric gadgets that needs charging every now and then, this is a real problem.The doublebed was made up of two separate beds pushed together, something that's preferred in most cases, if you can live with the gap in the middle - it's a tradeoff to the big real doublebeds with the feathers softer (a hole really) in the middle. The tv had mostly spanish (catalan) speaking channels but there were also english-speaking CNN and some other as well. PPV was also available, both regular action and childrens movies and adult as well, neither of which we needed really. CNN as background in the morning and evening is quite enough. Can't say whether the PPV were dubbed to catalan or not.There was a stereo available in the room too, featuring CD-, tape- and mp3-player and radio which came to some use (bought some CDs in the mall).The free minibar is actually needed very much, as one tends to go through anything liquid pretty fast (except for the beer [San Miguel, both with and without alcohol]), even in november in Barcelona. Make sure you get some extra bottles to store in the fridge from the supermarket in mall on the other side of the street.The AC in the room didn't seem to make any difference when twiddling the control panel. Maybe it was off centrally? The only thing that seemed to work with it was the speed of the fans, ranging from noticable buzz over loud to unbearable-during-the-night settings.The advertised *free* wifi-internet access in the rooms, is available if you buy(...) a voucher in the reception and/or use the it-area on the reception floor, where also printers and portable computers are available for use.The hotell has a safeboxes in the back which are free (really free) to use during your stay. The room is accessed by going through the hotel managers office in the back. I've managed to storm in a meeting of sorts and startle everybody involved (including myself) and was a accordingly a bit embarrased because of this. Knock first, to make sure your entrance is announced! 8-]The mall across the street has at least one ATM if you need cash. Several restaurants, which all take the major plastics except for some reason American Express (reason eludes why not Amex is not accepted everywherer - I use Visa and didn't have any problem in Barcelona at all, but a warning is proper), are available there as well. A phone shop is on the 3rd(?) floor where you can get a local sim-card for your mobile phone. A starbucks is available as well for us caffeine-junkies... [The coffee served at teched was next to undrinkable and (triple) espressos were not even available!]The metro, the preferred mode of transportation, is about a block away. Busstops are just outside the hotel, as well as taxis. Please note that the traffic in Barcelona is hellish (an understatement). If you want to get somewhere in time in Barcelona, use the metro. The busdrive from the airport to AC Barcelona on a monday took 1,5hrs (approx 1900 - apprix 2030hrs), an about 20-30km ride only... The taxi we took at 0600 on the saturday morning returning home from AC Barcelona to the airport however took approx 20 minutes, and the driver didn't go below 70kph at any time really.Look out for oldish ladies trying to sell you flowers, they usually work in pairs, and their goal is to mug you of your cash and clocks. In our case, they were rather circumspect and managed to tap both me and the wifey on all visible pockets to check their status and contents, check the clock-brands and even take a peek in our wallets (while *we* held them nonetheless...) before we realised what was going on and made a run for it - they were unsuccessful in any case. Beware!At restaurants and shops, try approaching the staff on their own languange and switch to english or so after having depleted the (possibly low) spanish-reservoirs, you're bound to get better service, not that they are bad otherwise, but at least try to show an effort. It wil pay off later. 8-) BTW, IIRC they speak Catalan in Barcelona. Not spanish. And definitely not Castillian. You may encounter menus in two languages, catalan and castillian. To me castillian looked like portoguese, but I may be wrong, while catalan more resembles the spanish you may know of.Overall the service and accomodations at AC Barcelona was satisfactory.And as a final note I'm happy to report that the lift-doors close fairly quick - no waiting for them to close. I like that! Although it may be the caffeine speaking... 8-D  
<Date>Dec 23, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>bluecardholder
<Content>Disappointed I was so looking forward to the Hotel AC Barcelona, but I was so disappointed. Firstly, the room was so hot, and I couldnt sleep. All reception would say was open the window since they dont have aircon in November. Anyway, I couldn't sleep with the window open because of the noise from aircon chillers (ironic) from a nearby exhibition hall. But the disappointment started when checking in when I was told there were no non-smoking rooms available!!! Other issuesThe service in the bars and resturants was poorNo in-room alarm clock No english channels on TV apart from CNN - no movies (and I dont mean adult)So all in all I wouldnt go there again.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	1	2	3	3	1	2	

<Author>g60jay
<Content>Great Hotel The 2 night stay was part of a post cruise package. The hotel had a very modern look and feel. The views were specatacular, especially from the pool deck. Rooms were very nice and the hotel provided complimentary breakfast. Located across the street from a modern mall and 2 blocks from the metro. Taxis are located right outside and can get you to the casino or the Olympic Port in less than 10 minutes.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>jahlie
<Content>Comfortable and new We found ourselves at the AC Barcelona due to a conference and were very pleased to find it clean and modern, with a helpful pleasant staff and a very nice breakfast. Although it is far - about 15 minutes on the metro - from the center of Barcelona, the metro stop is just a block away and the hop-on-hop-off bus stops nearby as well. The beach nearby isn't worth the effort, but views from the upper floors are lovely. We could see Sagrada Familia from the window in our room. A shopping center across the street is handy for a quick coffee or a cheaper bite to eat than the hotel offers. If you don't mind taking the metro, it's a very nice option in Barcelona.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	4	5	5	

<Author>SE-Explorer
<Content>AC Baracelona - Muy Bueno! Currently at the AC Barcelona during a conference. Knew it was was 15min via Metro from the Old Town, but prefer to be away from the crowds. Rooms, as others have posted, are modern, hardwood fake floor (but very clean), green marble bathroom floor with glass shower/tub and glass counter with clear glass sink. Great light blocking curtains which are needed when in an east/ocean facing room.  The fitness center on 13 is great: 3 treadmills, 4 bikes, good selection of free weights and some combo weight machines. Also dry and Turkish saunas as well as 3 jacuzzis. Pool patio has spectaculur views but anyone with vertigo needs to stay away from the hip high glass wall that goes straight down to the ground - no ledge. Walked the 3 kilometers back from Barceloneta along the beach to the hotel. Across from the hotel is a large mall (Diagonal Mar), including an AlCampo supermarket. Cute little cafe for reasonable coffee in the mall too. Back to the AC Barcelona rooms: good lighting, bedside reading lights, firm comfy beds (2 pushed together for a king), good air conditioning as it was still quiet warm, and nice free mini-bar of a few soft drinks, water and 2 beers.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Roadworrior
<Content>Modern and Nice       view from the 21st fl. room  
<Date>Sep 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>Supermercado
<Content>Wise choice No complaint is to be made about the AC Barcelona. Hotel is very clean, design is contemporary (the typical Ik茅a / Habitat type of furniture) and comfortable at the same time, staff is helpful, rooms are great, beds are cosy, bathroom is perfect (we had a bathtub in a separate room and 2 huge showers), sea or city views are amazing, pool area is small but nice (maybe can be too crowded in Summer, I DK since I was there in February), location is perfect but I would not recommend the area for first time visitors in BCN (would rather advise tourists in town for sight seing, eating out and partying to stay in a more central area to better enjoy the city and its soul). Room service is extremely expensive (paid 8 euros for one coffee delivered in the room). All in one, very good hotel and wise choice for those familiar with the city already and looking for a quiet stay a bit away from the buzz.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>RosannaTarsiero
<Content>My favorite ever! I went to Barcelona for a conference, IAVE 2004, and got cheated on by the person that rented me an apt with wireless Internet connection that had NONE. So I walked to the forum and was desperate to find an accommodation. I saw the AC and asked for a quote. The one they gave me was excellent so I stayed there for the whole conference. I didn't realise it at that time because it was my first conference but the AC Barcelona was the best hotel I've been into. Free minibar, free jacuzzi (last floor), hifi in the room, FREE wireless Internet, gorgeous bathroom (green and black), excellent mattress and pillows. The only negative (VERY negative) note was the maid. The first day we had forgotten to hang the do not disturb card out, so she made it in. Our fault. The second day she used her keys *despite* the card. We protested with the manager. The third day we resolved to put a chair against the door to avoid her getting in while we were sleeping naked. And yet she tried. Only the day before the last she finally understood to stop such behavior.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Dave_OMeara
<Content>Fantastic Hotel       AC Barcelona Hotel  
<Date>Aug 5, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>r61
<Content>Pretty, but a bit of a walk to beach and expensive extra bed I got a great rate of 93Euro per night for a Queen room, but needed to have an extra bed for my 9 yr old daughter. I figured a nominal cost but was shocked to learn they charged me 67 Euro per night for the extra bed. I sent their mgmt an email saying the hotel was great looking and we enjoyed our stay, but I was very disappointed with the extra bed costs. No reply received after 2 weeks. Good features: The air conditioning works great; Free mini-bar fridge with waters, soda and beer; nice modern decor; nice workout area  pool overlooking the Meditteranean. Great spot for photos of the mountains and city. 3 medium-sized jacuzzis. Across the street from the Diagonal Mar Mall - huge 3 story mall with a/c. The hotel service desk (associated with Holland Cruises?!) was very helpful in arranging tickets to see a flamenco dancing performance. The street-tram is just across the street, and the metro is about 5 minutes further away.Features to be aware of: You have to have a room above the 6th floor to have an unobstructed view of the sea. Bit of a walk (10 min) to the beach. Sandy beach that sported middle-aged topless women. Water was warm, and there was a lifeguard. From the Bus Terminal, it is probably too hard to carry large suitcases with a family to the Arc d'Triomphe metro stop and then do a metro transfer to the train stop near the hotel. The numerous steps up and down the metro stops also makes carrying/rolling bags challenging. Clothing for men/women is casual throughout the city. Everyone is wearing flip-flops and shorts.FYI - the taxis do have meters. We arrived via the Girona shuttle bus at the main bus station and went to get a taxi. The one we picked negotiated charged 25 Euro and got additional for the 3 bags. The return trip with a meter only cost 15 Euro after tip. We found the easiest way to get about was the single zone T-10 book of 10 metro/bus tickets for about 6.65 Euros.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2006
<Rating>4	2	4	3	4	4	3	3	

<Author>Elise2929
<Content>good hotel but a few problems occured I reviewed this hotel on this site before going and agree with other comments. It's a great modern hotel with everything you would need, a few nice added touches like a free mini bar and water. We went last week-end, be aware that there is a music festival in July and it is right beside the hotel and v loud. We tried to move as the noise was v loud but there were no more non smoking twin rooms. The last 2 nights we were kept awake by the thin walls and two very noisy people next door. The breakfast is ok but very expensive, the pool area isn't big but great but needs more loungers.The hotel is alittle out and slightly further than previous reviews, the metro is 5 mins away, buy a 2-3 day pass very cheap, it takes about 30-40 mins to get to one of the best beaches the other side of the city and the bottom of the La ramblas, beacuse you have to change lines and it's a long walk. A taxi is about 10 mins and costs 10 euro's, I found the city to be reasonable in cost compared to some, we ate down by the port and twice in restauranats in a square just off the La Ramblas towards the bottom end. We waited for over an hour in a long queue for a restaurant in the square, the food was avarage and cheap but not worth the wait, go to the restaurant beside begining with Tax very good food and service.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MichaelMancini
<Content>Modern Hotel on Sea, well connected to the city center I stayed at AC Barcelona for 2 nights for a business travel where we've seen the MotoGP Catalunya. It's in the new area of Barcelona that was in past an industrial area and now is going to be restructured. The area is called Forum, it's well connected to city center by Metro (7-8 stops) and it's just sea front. Our room was at 20th floor (on 23) and the view was amazing.Rooms and in general all spaces are modern and well designed, with much glass and iron. On 13th floor there is a nice swimming pool with hydromassages, with a nice view over the sea and the city.Overall it's a very good hotel, I give 4 bullets because the nearby Princess Hotel is a bit better (5 bullets). I stayd at Princess Hotel for a leasure travel last year and I've found it spectacular.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>FozzieHere!
<Content>Excellent Hotel, Out of city with easy transport into city I have just returned from a 4 night family stay at the Hotel AC Barcelona. We chose this hotel as I had stayed in the AC Madrid previously and been impressed and the cheap room rate being offered on t'internet for the barcelona hotel was excellent.The hotel is a little out of the city centre but does have excellent travel options into town. We travelled mainly on the Metro (about a 5 minute, safe walk away) and also by tram (even nearer). All journeys using the T-10 (10 tickets for 6.50 euros). Having walked Las Ramblas and other inner city areas I would certainly prefer the out of town location with good transport into town every time. The only downside from a travel view was the taxi back to the airport. We had to be there for 08:45 and I guess we got caught in the rush hour crossing the city which took 40 minutes...but not a major issue. Taxi was 30-35 eurosRight opposite is a largish, modern shopping centre which was good, inlcuding a large ASDA style shop with food downstairs and loads of stuff upstairs.The hotel was really clean and certainly has the air of being a business hotel. It is right next to the Forum conference centre. We stayed when there wasn't a conference on (hence our cheap rate) and it wasn't busy at all. I do feel as though bars and restaurant could get busy during conference season though. Despite being tourists we didn't feel out of place at all. All the staff we met spoke english but were also happy for us to try out our spanish (good for our kids who are taking it at school).We ate in the hotel on the first night. We all ate well, if it was a little pricey. We used the hotel bar on the 1st floor which was pleasant, but again a little pricey, hankering to those on expense accounts. We indulged in a couple of non-alcoholic cocktails for the kids which went down well but were 8 euros. A tad expensive but we were on a short holiday so what the...We used the pool on the 14th floor. You get to this by walking through the gym area with glass walls to the jacuzzi area. The pool isn't huge but it is big enough. You get great views to the sea on one side and to the city sites on the other. It wasn't too warm when we visited and the kids did feel that the water was a bit cold - but I'm sure this would be a blessing with warmer air temperatures. The jacuzzi was a jacuzzi! Again, all very clean with towels and those slippery things to use all free of charge. We didn't use the sauna or steam room.I think there was an 18 year and over rule to use the gym and jacuzzi but no limit on children in the pool (14 years and under needed to be accompanied). This seemed to be a bit of the norm for Barcelona hotels when we were looking to book.The rooms were good. We got little noise from other guests (although we were there when the hotel was NOT busy) and we had a great view of the city. The bathrooms were good, and surprisingly the shower managed to stay a constant temperature throughout.As seems to be the norm in spanish hotels from my experience there was only CNN and MTV worth watching, but we were on holiday not there to watch TV.We thought the breakfast was expensive so we took it in one of the street cafes around the corner. This was less for 4 of us than for one in the hotel! We did this to save money but also to experience a bit of normal spanish life. The shopping centre cafes don't really get going until 10:30 at the earliest and are your normal chain fayre (including starbucks for those who get withrawal) whilst the street cafes can be going from 06:30, but are full until 10:00. So, we aimed to get to the street cafes at just after 10:00 when they emptied a bit. They were mostly smoking unfortunately near to the hotel.I have read the review of another visitor who that breakfast was excellent and this was what I also found when visiting the AC Madrid, so I assume the AC Barcelona would be similar. In AC Barcelona we took room service breakfast on the last morning and it was good (I normally base this on the quantity and freshness of the fruit) which was good and excellent.We walked to the beach on a couple of occasions. This is about a 20-30 minute walk/stroll away. There is a bit of work being done to the sea front at the moment. They seem to be building new jutty-outty bits into the sea maybe for a harbour/port extension - I don't really know. However, the walk for us with teenage kids wasn't a problem but younger kids may find this a bit of challenge unless in buggies. It was all flat pavement but maybe 3/4 mile to a mile away. There is sandy beach right from here into Barcelona. The first bit of beach you hit will be a sand and shingle mix, but walk on a couple of hundred yards to a smoother sandy beach with just the hint of shingle. And then another couple of hundred yards to the nudist section - so, just be in the know if it's your thing or if it isn't.Bottom line for the Hotel AC Barcelona is, I'd certainly stay here again at a similar rate and try to get breakfast included for just a little more.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>captainbeaky30
<Content>very good hotel Good hotel but a little way from the city.However the metro is nearby and I would rather travel to stay in this hotel than stay nearer the city where the hotel may not be as nice.The beach is also nearby which is nice.The hotel is 4 or 5 star with a great gym and pool.Staff speak english very well and are helpful.The only complaint is that the complimentary mini bar only had one beer. All other drinks were soft drinks!  
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel in Barcelona This is the only hotel we stayed at in Barcelona. We selected this hotel as a convention hotel. We thought the accomodations were top notch and the staff helpful and polite. Though not as close to the city as many places, the Metro of Barcelona is very near by and we did not feel compromised by the extra subway time to get to the sites. The price, probably due to the conference, was not cheap. If I was to return on holiday, I would stay without hesitation, except for the price. I know that inner city hotels may be 30-50% off the tariff, and in real life we compromise between luxury and cost.  
<Date>May 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>5 star hotel   showReview(5034269, 'full');   
<Date>May 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bluemanc
<Content>Great Find       The pool and amazing view  
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>S1OLB
<Content>Fantastic views!       The Hotel  
<Date>Feb 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely for a stay on business   showReview(4123097, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 17, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>red100
<Content>Lovely Hotel   showReview(4054450, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 26, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>AC Barcelona   showReview(3793691, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>adsnobody
<Content>Brand new modern hotel   showReview(3731512, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 2, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A-non-o-mouse
<Content>Good for what it is... a congress hotel   showReview(3510068, 'full');   
<Date>May 30, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>efal
<Content>Go there only if you are attending an event in the Forum area!   showReview(3370883, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>3	2	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Go somewhere else   showReview(2834949, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 19, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Una certtezza di qualit脿!   showReview(19641443, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Val23Paris
<Content>Un sans faute !!       Le resto de la piscine  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ziemlich gut   showReview(19641441, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel ac barcelona   showReview(19641439, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon rapport qualit茅/prix   showReview(19641437, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un tr茅s agr茅able s茅jour   showReview(19641435, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Calme et design 脿 20mn du centre en m茅tro   showReview(19641434, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>je le recommande vivement   showReview(19641442, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon hotel   showReview(19641440, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>nous y retournerons avec plaisir   showReview(18534782, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jampi10
<Content>ni fu ni fa   showReview(18213924, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sophistiqu茅 et hors du temps   showReview(18534781, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Hotel   showReview(17427363, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>rumoroso e colazione proibitiva ma povera   showReview(17427358, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gutes Hotel   showReview(17427357, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Assez d茅莽u de l'accueil en g茅n茅ral   showReview(16610906, 'full');   
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bien situ茅, fonctionnel, tr猫s bons 茅quipements   showReview(16610905, 'full');   
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Choubichou
<Content>Excellent!   showReview(14863982, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>jilsmz
<Content>Tout simplement excellent !   showReview(14679872, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>camelio
<Content>Maltrato   showReview(13268122, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ECCEZZIONALE   showReview(13199536, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sch枚nes hotel   showReview(13199533, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Reveillon 2007   showReview(13199535, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>locris
<Content>Sicuramente valido       Ingresso  
<Date>Nov 10, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Komfortables Design-Hotel   showReview(11303476, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Prestation excellente   showReview(11303475, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>BON HOTEL TRES BIEN PLACE   showReview(11303473, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>super und sehr zu empfehlen!   showReview(11665955, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>F眉r Kongresse im CCB gut   showReview(11665954, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11665953, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo hotel per vacanza e lavoro   showReview(11303477, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Chicco03
<Content>Che bello fare i ricchi per tre giorni !!!!!!   showReview(8433351, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	3	5	5	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Vraiment tr猫s agr茅able!!!   showReview(11453018, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel de r锚ve   showReview(11453017, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bien.   showReview(11453015, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Presque tous les ingr茅dients pour une note parfaite   showReview(11432464, 'full');   
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lourson
<Content>Excellent pour les voyageurs d'affaires       Buffet du petit d茅jeuner  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>mamavcia
<Content>El hotel de 10, en recepcion un 2   showReview(7193727, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	1	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>h么tel excellent   showReview(11385916, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr猫s bel hotel   showReview(11385909, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11375643, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 15, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bien   showReview(11375642, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 8, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ein gelungener Kurzurlaub   showReview(11375641, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 4, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon rapport qualit茅/prix   showReview(11375640, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 4, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder, ein wenig abseits!   showReview(11349580, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>empfehlenswert und architektonisch interessant   showReview(11349579, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 20, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>rien 脿 dire   showReview(11349578, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 18, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un peu loin du centre   showReview(11349565, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 7, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel de confort et de propret茅 excellent mais trop bruyant   showReview(11335789, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 31, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bien   showReview(11335788, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tres sympa   showReview(11349564, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>excellent hotel   showReview(11349563, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 17, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Praticamente perfetto!!!!   showReview(11335787, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr猫s bon hotel, mais...   showReview(11335756, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s satisfait!!   showReview(11335755, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Une ambiance tr猫s high tech   showReview(11335754, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nous y retournerons avec plaisir   showReview(11330943, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 20, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

