<Author>ClaireAnderson
<Content>Nice setting but small room and subpar cleanliness for the price My husband and I came to Bali for our honeymoon on 12/13/2008. Four Seasons is our last stop in Bali but it was a very big disappointment. The room is fairly small compared to other places we stayed and there are tons of bugs not just on the ground outside the room but sometimes on the bed. I had extremely bad allergy the next morning and couldn't enjoy my stay at all. There is no sitting area or sofa indoors, so I had no choice but sitting outside with all the mosquitoes around....My allergy got so severe that I had to move out the next day - what a waste of time and money for our honeymoon :(For our trip this time, we first stayed in Kajane, Ubud, a nice cozy villa in downtown Ubud with very friendly staff and great location and services. Then we moved to Samaya Villa, Seminyak for another 2 nights, great services and amazing ocean views!!! Finally the Four Seasons at Jimbaran Bay...with very high expectations. However it turned out to be a nightmare. One more thing - the food at the Indonesia restaurant was below average...even the traditional breakfast at Samaya is more tasty and authentic. I've traveled in Asia a lot and even a simple fried rice dish in Taiwan or Japan can compete the dinner at Four Seasons...If you like authentic and traditional settings, you would probably like Four Seasons; though if you are allergic to bugs and prefer a cleaner and more comfy place to stay, this is not the place for you.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	4	3	1	

<Author>almndxeyez
<Content>The best hotel we've ever stayed at too! What's there not to like about this place? We were somewhat apprehensive as cost to stay here is VERY expensive (well, at least for us).But this hotel carried many features/service like the Four Seasons, Hualailai. Excellent, friendly service, a welcome drink, a golf cart ride to our room.And our room. For those travelers who never leave their room, this is the perfect place! A platter of gourmet desserts and a fresh bath with frangipanis awaited us. Each villa has its own infiniti pool, own outside dining area, both indoor  outdoor showers. Plenty, plenty of space: high celings, huge master suite  bath! And immaculately kept, we could eat off the floor!We also had the buffet along the beach at night. Balinese dancing was also provided. Food was delicious! Even location was very convenient: we were able to walk to and from the many seafood warung along the beach! But also situated far away enough from too much noise and crowd, hence a resort.Even better was the spa. I was expecting to pay a Four Seasons price. But the cost wasn't too bad at all, 100USD each for a 60 minute massage and a 60 minute facial.If I was to give any minuses about the Four Seasons is that the workers at the Nusa Dua Beach Hotel nearby were more sharply, traditionally dressed! But otherwise, I vow to come back. Whenever I think of Bali, the first thing that comes to mind is the Four Seasons, Jimbaran Bay!!!  
<Date>Nov 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>malky
<Content>best hotel we have ever stayed at spent 8 nights here in November - it was magnificant, the gardens, the villa, the plunge pool, the infinity pool, the staff, the restaurants - all magnificant. Has spoiled us for anywhere else. The prices are eye watering especially with the current state of the pound but you get what you pay for.A couple of details - the breakfasts are superb - mixture of western and eastern stuff with a daily special - and of course marvellous views.The pool - constant supplies of iced water with regular rounds of frozen watermellon and sobet served by charming young men.The tamal wantalan restaurant - magnificant italian food. the concierge - incredibly helpful re trips etc.minor niggle - when you are paying this much to stay there charging extra for wi fi does seem a bit petty. We had intended to see a lot of bali but appart from two trips - to the volcano and uluwata we spent most of the time at the pool.Tip - the seafood cafes 200 yards along the beach were excellent and avoided us bankrupting ourselves at the hotel restaurants.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	-1	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Mupple
<Content>Wonderful Resort Spent a wonderful four nights here from October 15-19. From start to finish it was superb. As someone who's travelled to nearly 40 countries, Four Seasons Jimbaran Bay ranks as the best hotel I've ever stayed at. Lovely , spacious villas (especially the outdoor lounge area and plunge pool). wonderful scenery and an array of activities, to keep you busy - if you can be tempted to leave your villa. A walk from a villa to the restaurants is walk along lovely paths overflowing with colourful flowers. You can choose not to walk at all and be transported everywhere by buggy, fun in itself. Staff are all very friendly and efficient, without being intrusive. Of the restaurants we went to, PJs restaurant is right on the beach. On Saturday night, hundreds of lanterns had been laid out on the beach, a beautiful spectacle.Huge infinity pool on one level, as well as a waterfall pool below. Plenty of deck chairs and staff handing out free water (makes a change !) and sunscreen. One member even came over and offered to give my shades a clean - that takes service to a new level !Breakfast is fortunately open to 11 am, it's all a la carte but a large array to choose from. Resort is close enough to the airport that you can actually watch planes take off and land in the distance, but the noise does not carry, bar the odd late night flight. And for those with late flight departures, the guest book says standard practice is to allow guests to use the pool, gym and lounge / library facilities f.o.c after checkout until departure. It's a small thing, but makes a pleasant change after all the surcharges that are usually thrown on for this sort of thing.It may not be cheap, but I came away still thinking we'd got value for money.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SanDiegoSoCal
<Content>Fairytale Luxury Honeymoon in Paradise - we spent 5 fairytale nights and it was perfect for a luxury and private holiday together. We were like two little kids in a candy store. The villa's are luxury all the way with top end ammendities, detail, features (outdoor shower  plunge pool), flat screen TV's, etc. The resort is set up as a village with beautiful grounds that puts you back in time or in a fairytale movie....wonderful! The food and service is excellent - all top end and with a varied menu for all cultures - plenty of selection for the pickiest of eaters. Prices of course are high for Bali but similar to big cities around the world. Wine was expensive at this resort but as well at all top end restaurants in Bali - this was unexpected. We had the most romantic dinner I've ever had our first evening - beds on the beach (for 20 couples each having their own privacy) with over a thousand candles and tourches placed in front of the beds on the sandy private beach. We couldn't have planned a more romantic honeymoon...Four Season has their own beach and the waves are perfect for playful swimming (unlike the Indian ocean with big rough waves on other parts of the island). While lounging at the beach and pool areas, service provides fresh water, towels, sun screen and full bar/restaurant service and all the water toys you need.If you like socializing this is not the place for you. Perfect for honeymooners, retreats, get-aways and to unwind. We found it hard to socialize with guests and staff (I think they are trained to give you the upmost privacy). Note, staff was great - very professional, some of the kindest people in the world. We had visited another Bali resort during the same trip that we found to be more social and engaging with guests and staff - we liked that more. This resort was above my expectations for a honeymoon destination and HIGHLY recommended.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>AnneMatt
<Content>Loved the Four Seasons Jimbaran Bay Bali The Four Seasons, Jimbaran Bay Bali was absoutely magnigicent!My husband and I stayed 5 nights and each villa has a separate outside sitting area, large bedroom,dressing room, bathroom with large tub and separate shower, as well as an outdoor shower.Each villa also has its own private plunge pool with a sun deck and loungers. Very comfortable and beautifully maintained and decorated. The breakfasts were very good  we had an inclusive rate which is a good idea as the restaruants are very expensive. We only tried the one Balanese restaruant in the hotel and it was good with a lovely atomsphere!The hotel is situated an a lovely beach and one can walk to seadfood restaurants further along the beach in the evening for grilled fish.I highly recommend this hotel for a very romantic holiday.Anne MatthewsCapeTown  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>MikeW49
<Content>Excellent       There's the airport !  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>5	2	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PM4
<Content>Excellent service Four Seasons speaks for itself. We stayed in one of the Royal Villa's which was stunning,spacious,beautifully decorated and really well located on this large resort. The level of service at this hotel is beyond excellent. 2 reasons, Four Seasons standards and the genuine warmth of the Balinese. The restaurants were very good but maybe a bit more variety, say a Thai restaurant would be good. The Spa offered well priced and interesting treatments and were to of a high standard. I do have two issue's with this wondeful hotel, one being the proximity to the airport, you do hear and see aeroplanes during the day and night which I found disturbed my sleep. The second was the Kids Club, this really was not up to sctartch the only time my 8 year old son spent there was to play Playstation! There was no organised activities, the very small room did not cater for children beyond 5 years old and the staff were unfortunately less than enthusiastic. My son enjoyed talking to the buggy drivers more! I would still recommend this hotel simply on it's level of service.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>BC2233
<Content>Outstanding in everything! This is one excellent hotel, very quiet and peaceful. There is no loud party or band playing, no screaming kid and certainly no drunk dude running around. We stay for a week and do not see one plane flying across the resort or hear any noise that so many people complain about. Breakfast is excellent but lunch and dinner are average. Super spa facilities, I think the massage personnels need more training but their enthusiasm and services certainly outshine everything else. One experience we sure appreciate is FS personnel help us check in at the airport, walk with us through the airport tax counter then all the way to the immigration desk without us saying one word. It is one wonderful hotel and we will certainly go back if our travel take us to Bali again.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>PFFrampton
<Content>Fantastic holiday at a super resort Fantastic holiday at a super resort. We loved our villa, which had good wifi for my husband and was very roomy even with the cot in it. The bathroom was very luxurious and we felt like we were in our own little house rather than just a room.The staff and service were superb. Best holiday we have had with our daughter (age 2). Excellent kids club and little paddling pool, very close to where the sun loungers on the beach so could easily keep an eye on little one. For those without children there are other loungers far away from the kids club, so you don't feel you are swarmed by children! The staff were lovely and had a genuine love of children. We spent most of our holiday playing with our daughter at the club as it was so accessible and close to the beach.The food was lovely, particularly breakfast, and the children's menu was varied and healthy.Extra touches, such as putting a child barrier around our plunge pool were very much appreciated.We had a lovely babysitter in the evenings and she even phoned us to let us know our daughter was asleep without us asking which was very thoughtful and meant we could enjoy the evening knowing she was happily tucked up in bed.Although the hotel is very child friendly we were recommended it by couples without kids and it would suit both types of holiday very well.I had 2 spa treatments and my husband had one. They were excellent. My pregnancy massage was the best I have ever had and the therapist was properly trained and knew exactly what she was doing.We found the trip very relaxing and enjoyed the lack of vendors on the beach, which I have found particularly irritating on previous holidays.10 out of 10 to all at the Four Seasons Jimbaran Bay. We hope we can come back soon and enjoy your hospitality again!  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>crispyduck
<Content>Wish we could go back Although a year has passed since we stayed at this hotel on our honeymoon, I had to write to say how perfect this place is. The service, beautiful rooms with a plunge pool that felt more like a private villa and all those little touches such as ice cream brought round when you are by the pool and the buggies that ferry you around, made our honeymoon and we constantly bore people with tales of how lovely it was! we even fondly treasure the slippers! Despite searching, as yet we have found no hotel that lives up to this and long to return one day.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Sam017
<Content>A bit dissapointing We just got back from a long stay at the Four Seasons. We had a great time in Bali but the resort was disappointing. 1. LocationThe resort is located right across Denpasar Airport, so whenever you look out all you see are planes landing and taking off. It鈥檚 impossible to feel that you left civilization and impossible to feel any serenity. The beach is extremely dirty and it鈥檚 a public beach, the resort doesn鈥檛 have its own beach. So its a bit rocky and you have stray dogs walking and its extremely busy with people. We were looking for a quiet getaway, which it isn't. The beach area of the resort is TINY. They have a few sun beds and umbrellas, which doesn鈥檛 always accommodate all the guests. 2. The VillasThe villas are huge and comfortable however the hotel has aged and you can feel that in its furniture and bathroom. The villas are also pretty close to each other so we felt cramped in. 3. ServiceIt was inconsistent. Some days we would have impeccable service and others we鈥檇 wonder what had gone wrong. It felt like a nice resort but it lacked the Four Seasons touch. 4. Spa. The spa rooms are extremely small and dark. I had a great therapist but unfortunately the setting was anything but tranquil. It鈥檚 a shame that the rooms don鈥檛 over look the beach or the resort's beautiful gardens. 5. The Kids Club. The pool at the kids club is more like a bath tub, and there were no daily activities as promised on the website organized for the kids. The staff is extremely warm, however I guess we were expecting something more like the kids club at the one and only -Maldives- were the kids have planned group activities. The place also needs to be revamped- all the toys are in poor condition. So in summary, not one of our favorite Four Seasons Resorts.. I would highly recommend going to Langkawi Four Seasons or one of their other Maldives resorts before considering this one...  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	1	3	3	3	3	

<Author>SJL00001
<Content>Beautiful resort, outstanding service My husband and I went to the Four Seasons Jimbaran Bay for our honeymoon. It was an incredible 7 days. We stayed July 5-12, and the weather was perfect. Sunny, almost no rain/clouds, and not too hot (about 27 C).We stayed in one of the 1 bdrm bungalows directly overlooking the ocean. Our room was very private and also nice and close to the beach and PJs restaurant. The room was spectacular and so comfortable to stay in.The food at the resort was excellent, although not cheap (but it was the Four Seasons). A nice variety of places to eat and a lovely a la carte breakfast (not stellar, but very good).The beach was clean, comfortable chairs and never overcrowded. In fact, the whole resort was very quiet - perfect for a honeymoon. The only thing we weren't crazy about was the spa. The massage was ordinary and the facilities, although nice, were not overly impressive. However, we weren't there for the spa so it didn't matter much!The service overall was outstanding. When we arrived they presented me with a bridal bouquet of orchids which signaled to the staff to wish us congratulations. Such a nice touch! The photos on the website just don't do the resort any justice - it is absolutely gorgeous. If you can afford $850 a night plus food plus 22% tax, HIGHLY recommended!  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>global_traveller112
<Content>Great place to Realx        Main Swimming Pool  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>seat_1A_traveller
<Content>My goal of pure relaxation was TRULY fulfilled!! There is only one word to describe this hotel: BREATHTAKING!!The highlight of my trip to BALI was definitely the hotel, which infuses the essence of the Balinese culture. Absolutely STUNNING. The hotel has won some of the world鈥檚 finest hospitality awards and is consistently ranked in the top 5 resorts in all Travel industry awards, this shows.I arrived at Depansar Airport in Bali from Hong Kong, after a wonderful plane ride from LHR. I had booked a car pickup from the Four Seasons Hotel (highly recommended) Immediately upon leaving the Airport, I was warmly greeted by a Four Seasons Hotel representative dressed in white traditional Balinese wear. He was holding a Four Seasons sign. Unlike other pickups, the hotel did not display my name for discreetness.He immediately picked my luggage and we proceeded to the waiting air-conditioned Four Seasons Toyota 4x4.When we reached the vehicle the driver came out and gave me a warm greeting, took my bags for the other person and loaded the 4x4. When I got inside the vehicle, I was presented with a cold towel and chilled bottle water. Immediately we proceeded to the hotel (absolutely stressed free). The driver called the hotel to inform them that I was on my way.Prior to entering the Four Seasons property, as a security precaution heightened by 9/11 and the KUTA bombing, the vehicle was screened by 3 security guards. The entrance to the hotel was magnificent and grand. I was greeted by two gracious hostesses and shown to the sofa where I was offered a fruit punch and cold hand towel. Everyone wore traditional white Balinese clothing. Registration was done by a check-in agent as I sat on the sofa, enjoying my drink The assistant manager came out and welcomed me and he was happy to inform me that he was able to secure villa 281 that I had requested.Once done, I was given the map to this wonderful resort and was whisked away in a buggy to my villa.The drive through the villa was amazing. Once I arrived at my villa 281 another person was waiting inside to guide me through my villa.The VILLA:This wonderful resort does not have rooms, but ratter villa鈥檚 resembling a Balinese hut/village compound (totaling 2,200 Square feet of pure luxury). The 147 villas is located on a hill and overlooks Jimbaran Bay. All the villas have gorgeous panoramic view of the bay and are modeled after a Balinese village.The living and dining rooms are open air. On the dining room table was a tray of exotic fruits.There is a huge plunge pool, which is about 5 feet deep. I love the pool and used it frequently to cool down from the hot sun 鈥?first thing in the morning and afternoons.The bedroom is in a closed building and is well air-conditioned. Inside this building is where one finds all the luxurious Four Seasons amenities like the fabulous FS bed, the large standalone bath tub for two, floor to wall marbled washroom, and luxurious toiletries. Complimentary bottled water was provided. It was not recommended that guest drink or brush teeth using the tap water.The bathroom has two showers (one indoor and the other outdoor.SERVICE:What can I say鈥imply the Four Seasons way: FABULOUS. I was always addressed by name. With a staff ratio of 5 staff to1, you know service will be outstanding!!I ordered room service and couldn鈥檛 decide if I wanted fries or salad with my lunch. They brought me both! One time, I ordered breakfast from room service. The food was delivered. I forgot to asked him to bring straws鈥?Guess what happened? The poor guy ran all the way back to the kitchen and within 2 minutes brought me straws as he panted to catch his breadth.There were countless other examples like this鈥?FACILITIES:Again, what can I say, OUTSTANDING, Simply Four Seasons.The gym, connected to the SPA was superb! One afternoon, I decided to pay a visit the the gym and have a workout (well I visited every day but I don't want to show off), after feeling guilty from eating way too much Indonesian food!! In the middle of my run, the gym attendant saw that I was sweating like a waterfall, came over and offered me a nice cold face towel and chilled bottled water. When I had finished running, he came over to help me stretch! Boy did that feel good. The dressing room was also amazing. Each guests using the facility received a personal locker. Each locker had a sarong, cotton bathrobes, slippers, large towel, and plastic bag for dirty clothing. There was a sauna, steam room with aroma-therapy (which I used extensively), two whirlpools (one warm one cold), and two shower rooms (which had the typical shower head and an additional rain shower head). The facility has everything one would need in terms of toiletries: Molton brown Hair Gel, Aftershave, lotions, Foot spray, Talcum powder, mouth rinse, shaving razors, combs, etc鈥?.In addition to the gym, the resort offers cooking classes, complimentary morning workouts, bike rides, tennis, and water sports of all kind.The four days went ever so quickly and I regrettably had to leave this little piece of heaven. I booked through the hotel again the transportation back to the airport. The 4x4 and driver were waiting for me at 1400h and the Four Seasons representative at the airport took my bags all the way through the immigration clearance.Jimbaran beach is excellent for swimming, as it is very calm (rare for Bali), and also has some very good fish restaurants on the beach. I don't think that it is particularly noteworthy otherwise. One one poor note, I was particularly disappointed with FS beach facilities, which consist of closely arranged chaise lounges and a few scattered umbrellas. There is basically no privacy and if you don't get an umbrella before they run out, you will boil.The hotel is a very good place if you prefer a plunge pool to the beach, and are likely to spend most of your stay in your villa. The villas are in fact excellent, beautifully landscaped and most comfortable. I think that if a spectacular beach is a must though, FS is not the place for you. Although it is a fairly large property, if you are in your villa you never see or hear anyone else and all the lush landscaping makes you feel very private. Built into the hillside with little winding trails, rice paddies, flower gardens, and sunken villas - a rushing little river complete with small waterfalls and minor rapids, and the only groups we saw were people occasionally at lunch because it seems that when in Bali, everyone tours around looking at the Aman resorts and different Four Seasons in their hotel cars, having lunch or dinner at the different places. We went to Amankila one day and I agree that is it indeed spectacular and reminded us of the Caribbean!This is a truly an outstanding RESORT.. I will certainly return.My goal of pure relaxation was TRULY fulfilled!!  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>smclagan
<Content>Very impressive       Villa 157  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>petercasella
<Content>Wonderful replica of Balinese luxury This was our last stop on a 3 week honeymoon to Bali. We spent 5 nights at the Four Seasons as a conclusion to the best trip of our lives. The Four Seasons Jimbaran Bay was an incredibly luxurious and beautiful hotel, but after weeks of experiencing true Balinese culture it was lacking just a little something. Don't get me wrong, this is about as nice of a hotel as you'll ever stay in your life. The villa complexes are enormous, with private dipping pools, a bale with outdoor eating area and gorgeous finishings. They were by far the nicest rooms we had in Bali, and we stayed at some VERY nice places. But despite all the extravagance, it was very much just a very nice replica of Balinese culture. As you travel throughout the country of Bali, you will meet wonderful people, eat fantastic food for pennies, you'll see incredible vistas of rice paddies merging with sunsets and the ocean, and you'll visit temples and see worshipers that make you wish you believed as much as they did. There is something REAL about Bali, something that makes you feel a way that you never knew you could. It provides a glimpse into the beauty of life and love, of respect for nature and harmony with the island. Despite the elegant Balinese finishings, gamelon music, immaculate landscaping of flowers and terraces, and traditional garb of the workers, the Four Seasons Jimbaran Bay was missing that real-ness that the rest of Bali exudes. It reminded me a bit of the Epcot World Showcase, everything about it looked like it was Bali but you were actually in Orlando. For all you know, the hotel could be in Mexico or Florida. It's an incredibly nice 5-star hotel with all the finishings, but if you're going to travel around the world to visit Bali then do yourself a favor and go visit BALI (especially if it's your first trip to Bali).Now for the comments...The villas are incredible, you'll love spending romantic time in your dip pool and bumming around the room ordering room service. The center pool area is huge and very nice. They have 2 pools to keep the kids away from the adult pool. That was nice. They had a bit of a fly problem when we were there, apparently they needed to spray because we were swarmed at times while sitting at the pool. The restaurants were delicious but expensive and amenities were very nice. The spa is priced as you would expect for the Four Seasons - no third world discounts here. But the massages were out of this world. We did the hot stone massage 2 times because it was so good. In the spa they also had hot and cold dip pools, saunas and other great bodywork. But you're going to pay western prices for massages, I think it was like $100+ for the hot stone massage (versus $20-25 up in the heart of Bali).The beach outside of the Four Seasons has one of the gems of Bali - a stretch of seafood huts that will cook fresh caught lobster, shrimp, fish, clams, etc right out of the water. You can get a table covered in delicious wood BBQ'd seafood for $20-30. All while sitting with your feet in the sand watching the sunset. At night, you sit on your villa's terrace and can see the sea of candle lights wrapping around Jimbaran Bay. Absolutely incredible.The beach itself is nothing to write home about. It's pretty rocky below the hotel, and further down towards the fish huts it's public beach so it can get crowded and the water wasn't that special. To just lay out on the beach, it's great. But if you want clear ocean water and pristine bay, then go elsewhere in Bali.About an hour south of the Four Seasons is Uluwatu temple. It sits up on top of an incredible cliff and has a very special fire dancing ritual at night. Definitely worth the trip.The South of Bali is very touristy and over-developed. Kuta is a trap that feels like Times Square. If you want to go to Bali to buy some QuickSilver board shorts and eat at McDonalds, then visit Kuta - otherwise stay far away.Finally, my last complaint (and probably minor for many people) is that the hotel sits on the south side of Jimbaran Bay opposite from the airport. After spending over 2 weeks wandering Bali forgetting that we ever needed to go home, we arrived at the Four Seasons. Despite being immersed in a beautiful hotel, we couldn't help but notice the planes taking off every few minutes in the distance. You couldn't hear them, but you also could help but be reminded that one day very soon you'd be on that plane returning home. Maybe if we didn't see those planes, we might have had 5 more days of complete ignorance that another life waited for us back in NYC. Clearly nothing the hotel can do, but nonetheless it sat in the back of our minds while we basked in the sun for our final days in the paradise of Bali.Overall, this is a very nice world class hotel that is beautiful with great food and service. If you're a Bali junkie and come back often, this is a great place to enjoy a 5-star hotel in a lovely country. But if this is your first trip to Bali, go north of the airport at least 2 hours into REAL Bali where you can experience the magic of this beautiful country.  
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Dramz
<Content>Very good, but ranked way below expectations. First things first, I would have probably written a completely different review had I not stayed at the Ritz-Carlton up the street from FS a year ago. Sure, the villas are amazing, beautiful resort, great service but considering the fact that you're paying a small fortune per night then there should be no compromises, and my only point of reference (oceanview villa at the Ritz a year ago at 600 usd/night) left me thinking there is better value for money elsewhere.1 - Privacy is questionable, villas next to ours were very close, could easily see the pool next door, also there were paths right underneath our pool and could easily be seen by people taking a stroll.2 - Outdoor space is limited (stayed in oceanview villa #205), villas at the Ritz almost twice the size both indoors and outdoors, plus included a private bale (very cool)3- No sunset views from any villa... have to go down to the beach to get a full sunset view. 4 - Unobstructed views of the ocean are also questionable.. many trees in front of the villa. 5 - We had ants in our room, plus hair dryer didnt work.Our villa cost us about 800 usd per night vs 600 at the Ritz, service and villa architecture/quality of materials pretty much the same so I am really having a hard time justifying that difference in price, in fact i am having a really hard time understanding why FS is not cheaper than the Ritz.. I think it may be the fact that FS has direct access to the beach, but anyone who's been to Jimbaran can probably agree that they've seen better beaches before.. My personal opinion is that unless you absolutely need to have direct access to the beach then the Ritz offers much better value for money.  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>pfcpilot
<Content>Fantastic! Bali can be anything you want it to be - dreamy and exotic, cheap and cheerful and it caters well to it all. Over the years I've been to Bali many times and loved it on almost every trip.Having just gotten married, I wanted an exotic honeymoon for my wife. She's new to Asia and I wanted her to see the charm and seductive nature of Bali. The Four Seasons at Jimbaran was simply fantastic.If you're looking for traditional yet simple (elegant) architecture, nice landscapes, lush greenery, your own private villa and plunge pool overlooking jimbaran bay, privacy and a resort that caters to your every need - sports facilities, resturants and very good service - then this is it.October was a good month to go, after October its the rainy season till about March, so beware. The Four Seasons is not cheap but its worth it. We stayed there 3 nights before heading off on other adventures into Flores and Komodo. We returned to Bali and stayed at the Oberoi - which was good (different but good).Overall, I would highly recco the Four Seasons if you're looking for privacy, a taste of the old Bali - quite, relaxed, traditional. The villa's are lovely. The view from your villa over the bay are amazing. Serive was great, beds nice and large, outside shower was fun and the plunge pool was ideal in the mid-day heat. The resort has fine resturants - PJ's on the beach was great. They also planned events such as dinner on the beach. The beach (on the bay) is very nice. Its South of Kuta (the main shopping area and surfing beach) so its quite. You can get to Kuta easily if you want to. Jimbaran is sheltered so its no good for surfing (if thats what you're looking for) but its still got good swells for body boarding, sailing etc. Running or walking on the beach in the morning or evening is nice.We could have stayed longer but we also wanted to see more of the nearby islands. Anyway, we look forward to returning there in the near future.PS - The Photos on the Four Seasons site are accurate.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Timma_Nottingham
<Content>Fantastic We arrived at the Four Seasons in Jimbaran after a lovely 3 nights at the Oberoi in nearby Seminyak and were anxious that the extra money we had paid for the FS was not going to be worth it! We were relieved to find the hotel met every expectation we had had, the rooms are gorgeous! Overall our stay was fantastic with the facilities being well equipped and the staff extremely friendly and helpful (without being intrusive).Some of the earlier reviews mention the aeroplane noise over the resort, but we didn't notice more than two flights a day passing over the resort and the noise was gone within 60 seconds - hardly excessive and not even a minor irritation!One minor point is the cost of both the food and drinks in the hotel, which compared to the Oberoi (five star as well) was more expensive, especially as the Oberoi included the 11% tax and 5% service charge within their prices and the FS added the 11% tax and 10% service charge on top of their listed prices. eg Bintang Beer at the Oberoi was 45,000 Rupiah incl. tax and service at the FS this is 65,000 Rupiah excl. 21% taxes etc!Not a horrendous deal but a little frustrating especially as there is not much choice around the hotel without getting a cab.We did find the Warung Mei restaurant a little more reasonable and the food was excellent (Indonesian cuisine).We will definately recomend this hotel to our friends and will try and come back here ourselves it is perfect for a special occasion treat!  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Binnion
<Content>As Good As It Gets Stayed at the Four Seasons Jimbaran bay in August 2007 for 15 nights. This place is just perfect. It's expensive for sure, but I don't mind paying for what you get and this place delivers it in big shovelfuls.So many great things to say about it. The staff and service is top notch, food and wine excellent, rooms wonderful... I am extremely hard to please but I couldn't find fault with this place.Went there with hubby and almost 3 year old daughter. Kids club is superb, right next to the sun loungers on the beach and kids to staff ratio was almost 1:1. They were looking for my daughter in the morning and were genuinely pleased to see and play with her. Eveey day had a new activity for the kids to get involved with, or not. It was laid back fun, and had a shallow, shaded and supervised pool for the kids. The babysitting is complimentary until 11pm, but we never used it in the evening because the hotel made eating together a joy too.The place is beautiful and caters equally well for families and couples. Everyone is made to feel special. The restaurants are good or a taxi to somewhere nearby (Ku De Ta, Nusa Dua...) is cheap and easy also.The management and staff were superb, and we even spent a night in their sister hotel in Ubud. Not so kid-friendly but a great trip nonetheless. Hotel allowed us to just go up their and spend a night at no extra cost.This was by far the best holiday we ever had and I wouldn't hesitate to go back. We were all so happy and relaxed by the end, which is magical. The whole holiday exceeded any expectations I had, and as a result everywhere else suddenly pales in comparison. Better work hard to pay for another one, eh?!If you go there, try Beds on the Beach and try and nab one of the four poster beds.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jimmymaxwell
<Content>Perfection From start to finish, could not ask for a better experience. Beautiful property, beach, and rooms/suites. The service was truly exceptional... honestly don't know how they do things so perfectly without being seen. Cuisine was as good as some of the finer restaurants I've been to. Spa and fitness center were equally amazing, and I expect one of the best spas in the world. I really can only hope to some day duplicate the experience we had there.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MelusineOttawa
<Content>We loved everything about this resort       my sister and dinner on the beach  
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>hugwort
<Content>Four seasons, Mmmmm - is that how long I need to save up for ?? An amazing resort at not an amazing price !! We really enjoyed our stay at four seasons, the villa was prestine / spacious and excactly as expected - the service was efficient / pleasant enough, it's just that the hole experience felt, how can I say this... a little plastic  impersonal (dare I say American-ised) for us Brits with standards... We ate in PJ's every other night - you can easily expect to pay upto 拢200 for 2 of you *PER NIGHT* for 3 fishy courses with (1 bottle of the cheaper choice of) wine, which was great as a treat but a little bit rich / worrying ontop of the 拢450p/n for a villa.. !??!At this price our experience at the 4 seasons was absolutely beaten hands down by the other 2 resorts we stayed at in Bali this time round on our honeymoon (The Bale  the Jamahal spa)... would say the 4seasons was a bit souless (this is Bali remember!)  (relatively) I found very overpriced (rest assured we also eat elsewhere, Moziac etc) but then I guess people are happy to pay extra for the reasurance of a hotel name they recognise...The beach is good but not the best, there are rocks in the water (and a few dead fish washed up) plus an undercurrent that didn't feel completely safe however after returning from a beach waIk, one of the staff did wash the sand off of our feet - The noise from the airplanes taking off was quite irritating - The airport being directly across the bay and you can see the bright lights 24/7. The planes flew all night long? which did detract somewhat from the romance of the experience... overall - good but, for me, too much cash for what you can get elsewhere in Nusa Dua / Bali.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	4	4	5	3	4	

<Author>Donnatodd4
<Content>Beyond....... This hotel was beyond, over the top - perfection. We had an ocean front villa, private pool, spa, and cold plunge. The architecture was amazing, decor stunning and the beds.....Ahhhhhh that great Four Seasons bed. Food was wonderful, staff even better. The beach was just OK. the ocean is dirty, water is sort of greyish.spa was divine. We did 4 nights and really enjoyed our stay. Combine it with the Four Seasons Ubud, NOW THAT IS A HOTEL!!!!!!  
<Date>Feb 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SirenParis
<Content>Not bad but not at the top We stayed there with our 2.5Y kid for 10 days. We chose to go again for 4-seasons since we had an excellent experience in Langkawi the year before, and that the kids club seemed very good.The place overall is nice and homey, with a very similar architecture to the villas in 4-seasons Langkawi. We did not have any privacy problem since the hotel had 50 villas booked for a 400 villa capacity. The only big reserve concerns the planes from the airport, which are right accross the bay in front of the hotel...It is not a great concern as long as you can not hear them, but you actually can, although this is usually limited to a few times during the day... Not something you expect for this kind of price.The staff is amazingly friendly, from the buggy driver to the restaurant waitress/waiters to the baby-sitters, no exception there. The cuisine is very good overall, but we were disappointed to find one of the 3 restaurants closed for renovation. There was no information about that in the hotel. Given that we took all our meals in the hotel, this was definitely a minus... Breakfast is ok, but after a few days, you feel like you don't have that much choice. There is no buffet, and you end up having to choose from a 2 pages menu every morning. I don't really understand why there is no breakfast buffet since there is one, which is amazing, in Langkawi....However, we strongly recommend the events organised by 4 seasons : 6 on the beach on Tuesdays eve is a great vlaus, with an amazing buffet, and Bed on the Beach is amazingly romantic with a jazz band live on Thursdays and Sat. So, if you don't need a baby sitter and a kids club, I think you can rent a villa nearby, enjoy a personal driver instead of a local taxi, and book some of the events at the 4 seasons. Since we could not move that easily, 4-seasons brings you the entertainment, with programs every day from Balinese music/dancers, to live music etc.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>4	2	3	2	5	3	5	5	

<Author>Contenta
<Content>Everything over the top! I had been wanting to go to Bali and stay at the Four Seasons Jimbaran Bay for a long time, so my husband and I decided to celebrate my 鈥渂ig birthday鈥?in January 2008 there. From the moment we arrived after 11:00 PM it was over the top. Upon arrival we were checked-in while sitting on a couch drinking a delicious 鈥渨elcome drink鈥? We were given one of the most private ocean view villas #211 at the edge of the property. It was like a private compound after entering our double front doors. The covered two-sided living/dining area had a mini bar, a lovely bowl of fruit (covered so the birds would not eat it all) and a telephone. From there was the view of the ocean with our own plunge pool. Through another set of double doors was our bedroom and bath suite. The bed was very comfortable, had a mosquito net around it and looked out to a patio with lounge chairs and the pool. On our bed there was not a top sheet, only the comforter, so we had to request that.Upon arrival there were flowers in the bathtub. The bathroom was great; had 鈥渉is鈥? 鈥渉ers鈥?sinks with corresponding amenities, which included: -Iron  ironing board  spray starch-Flashlight-Fire extinguisher-Large basket-type beach bag-Bug spray  Off-Lightweight lavender robes and matching slippers-Hair dryer, comb, brush-Box consisting of razor, shaving cream, emery board, nail clippers, ear buds, cotton pads, 2 toothbrushes and paste, mouth rinse-Bath salts-Candle by tub-Cool gel for sunburn-Incense-Lotion-Bottled water-MP3 player cord, and needs iPod connection also-Bose sound system-LCD plasma TV-Safe-Lighted vanity mirror, but bring your own to see the back of your head!It鈥檚 difficult to know where to begin with this resort. The service far outweighed anything else. Immediately everyone greeted us both by our name and we felt as though we were the only guests there the entire time. The grounds are gorgeous. You may choose to walk to where you are going, or you can call for a 鈥渂uggy鈥?to pick you up and they are there in a heartbeat. The Spa was the best we鈥檝e encountered and we had the Sea Mint and Island Fruit Rituals. They were 180 minutes of pure luxury and bliss! The massages were wonderful and every tight knot and muscle was treated! Brian Hathaway is the personable director of the spa and he will design a treatment especially for your needs. He also will give you great tips on where to eat and what to see away from the resort.We chose to eat all of our breakfasts on our outside dining area. They got every order correct and were there exactly 30 minutes or less, after we ordered. We looked forward to the Balinese coffee every morning and reading the paper they brought.When we were there I believe we must have been the only Americans because the only languages we mostly heard were Russian and Japanese with some Australians as well.The service at the pool was so amazing that it made us laugh---they cleaned our sunglasses, brought us popsicles, fresh water, cold towels and next to the chairs was suntan lotion.The food was good, but not super great, and VERY expensive. We ate at P.J.鈥檚, their upscale restaurant on the beach, had lunch at the pool one day, and the Romantic Dinner at our villa. I appreciated the attention to detail with flowers around, votive candles and our special menu on the place mat. It truly was a romantic setting and dining experience. We chose to eat several meals away from the resort.Now for the downside鈥攖wo things! The beach is not the best and there are rocks in the water plus an undercurrent that is not completely safe, however after returning from a beach waIk, the attendant washed the sand off of our feet! The second thing was the noise from the airplanes taking off. The airport is directly across the bay and you can see the bright airport lights. The planes flew most all night long. We talked about it, but it didn鈥檛 spoil our time there. The setting, the service and friendliness of the employees made it the most memorable stay for us. We know they are trained to ask how you are every day as well as how are you enjoying your stay in Bali and what is your 鈥減rogram鈥?for the day. We think they send everyone to an orthodontist before hiring them because the majority of them had perfect white teeth and beautiful smiles! The smiles indeed matched their graciousness and genuine care. We'd return in a heartbeat if it weren't so far away.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>travelsnob2
<Content>The standard It was so beautiful I actually cried when we left... Very expensive, but for the once-in-a-lifetime trip (honeymoon), it is worth it. We're ruined for other hotels forever ;)  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JakobBengt
<Content>Highest of standard and service - shame about the beach This is a great hotel with everything thought about even long before you do it and the villas are very comfortable. Staff are totally friendly and kind. Some outstanding points - food of the hotel restaurants and especially the Indonesian coffee served. A perfect base for a Bali holiday.However, one major issue and one minor one:- the ocean is very filthy - loads of assorted rubbish and dead fish. Among the worst we have experienced anywhere and my partner got ill after swimming in the water. The hotel does it outmost to deal with the issue with constant patrols cleaning the sand from debris however challenging to do much about the water quality ... Traveling from across the globe - one would rather swim in the ocean than in the pool ...- the concierge is not great. Booked us to a very very unimpressive (food quality and setting) dinner place in Kuta that would note even in its very best days be a location any Four Seasons guest would like to eat at. We made our own arrangements thereafter and had some amazing meals ...All in all - go, the place is great but do not expect cristal clear water and bring a good guidebook ...  
<Date>Jan 19, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>OlyOly
<Content>Amazing This resort is amazing. The villas are spacious, the bathroom is spa-like, and it includes an outdoor shower area. Your little compound makes it feel like you are in your own world! You have a great view of the ocean, your own infinity pool and outdoor sitting and dining areas. If you want to leave your compound you can stroll the immaculate grounds or wander the beach. The hotel offers a free shuttle into town or into Kuta where all the party people stay. If you have time, visit their other property in the mountains which is stunning. The spa was wonderful - one of the best massages I've had. The food was great and you can't beat beach front dining. They take care of you from the minute you arrive until the moment you leave. Every part of the property is breathtaking, and you will never want to go home. The Balinese people are wonderful, and I would return anytime.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>deanovancouver
<Content>Destination of a Lifetime! I can't say enough about our stay at the Four Seasons Jimbaran. This type of hotel is not where we usually stay but we decided to treat ourselves to a night at Jimbaran and one at the four seasons Sayan while we were in Bali. Both were INCREDIBLE! They are both oasises in a mad country. The attentian to detail astounded me. It was like they knew what we wanted before we knew - everything happened smoothly. For example they knew who we were before we told them - Go Figure! The warmth and attentiveness of the staff is the best I have ever seen anywhere. We stayed in one of the one bedroom villas. We loved every moment - (didn't want to leave.) The design, the comfort, the view, the bed, the plunge pool, all were perfect. The only thing that could have been better was the food - it was excellent but seemed conservative - like it was catering to a delicate tourist palate. We travelled around the island and enjoyed our adventures elsewhere but afterward we have decided that we would return to Bali again simply to stay at these hotels.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GEFUNK
<Content>Amazing My wife and I had arrived in Bali and first went to a beautiful Spa called the Maya in Ubud and simply couldn't have thought anything would be better. The second part of our trip was to stay at the Four Seasons in Jimbaran bay. We arrived and couldn't believe the beautiful setting of the Hotel over looking the bay. We where then taken to the most amazing rooms, with our own private plunge pool, tanning deck, outside lounge and bar area. The great thing is the pivacy is great and the rooms are not on top of one another. The beach area was also fantastic where we ate at local restaurants as well as the hotel. All I can say is that the Four Seasons in Jimbaran maybe expensive - but for the luxury its worth every penny. I would also like to commend the staff as they are absolutley fantastic. If you want to enjoy and love your holiday this is the hotel to stay at..... I am definatley going back.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Just-Married21907
<Content>OMG - What a place! .... Having just spent a few days at FS Sayan we had high expectations for this hotel. When we arrived we were greeted in reception with a cold towel, welcome drink and flowers. We were then taken to our villa - you will honestly not believe how cool this place is until you visit! The villa was enormous! The plunge pool is great, I can honestly say if you didn't want to leave the villa the whole time you are there you wouldn't need to - everything you could possibly want is right there and it is very private. We had in-room dining for lunch most days and for a few nights as well - it is that good! PJ's restaurant was ok, but much preferred the noodle house - it has a real balinese feel to it and the food was scrummy. The only thing is the noodle house is quite hard to find so call for a buggy to take you there. We also had a balinese massage - what an experience. You need to try it out! All in all, I cannot speak highly enough of this place , it is the most amazing place I have ever stayed.. and we have stayed in some pretty fantastic places (mostly 5 star). The staff are at your villa almost as soon as you call them and they are so friendly, the villa's are beautiful, the food is great and I could not think of a more perfect place to spend a honeymoon - mainly due to the total luxury and privacy of the villas! ;)Enjoy!  
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Asliko
<Content>Excellent for honeymooners       Outdoor living area  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TravelDIVA3
<Content>Paradise! Heaven! Paradise! This was the second visit to Bali, we stayed for 4 weeks. This is pure heaven. From the arrival at the Hotel greeted by the Balinese hospitality with a refreshment (after traveling for 20 hours) and a boutique of flowers!The accomodations are excellent, the villas you can just live there, so romantic with your personal pools. Staff and service was sincere and the best i've had in my travels! Perfection! For dinner, try the restaurant and PJs on the beach, also, on the relaxed side enjoy Sharkey's on the beach - so fun, somewhere to run barefoot on the beach.Didn't want to leave....  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Lulublue42
<Content>Warning - Dont book here if you want privacy, sea views or good service! I pay to stay at Four Seasons hotels for one reason only - that i wont be disappointed. Sadly thats exactly what i was with Jimbaran Bay Four Seasons - bitterly disappointed. Much of this i put down to the Four Seasons website which states each villa has a private garden with infinity views of the ocean, well villa 150 possessed neither of those qualities. Our pool and garden was so open that when ever we were sitting in it trying to do a discreet spot of topless bathing every member of staff that went past beneath waved and attempted to strike up a conversation - a long way from being private. As for those ocean views, well they were non existent , the only view we had was of the bungalow in front - not quite the image the website would have you conjure up. In all the villa was ok but certainly nothing special that you expect of the Four Seasons. In fact the layout hadn't really been thought through properly, a couple of gripes : 1)There was no separate door on the toilet, so you had to shut the whole bathroom and dressing area off if you wanted to go to the loo in private.2)The mini bar was located in the outside living area, so every morning i had to traipse across in my nightie to get a drink, invariably to the calls of good morning from the staff below who i was on full view to.Plus in the evening having to go in and out gave the mosquito's more of an opportunity to get in, which was probably why there was a filthy, musty smelling mosquito net placed over my bed every night. It was so disgusting that every night my husband and i had to tie it back up as it made us cringe.However what really upset myself and my husband was the treatment we received from the security staff every time we went through front gate. Granted as we had hired a motorbike (one of our little pleasures when we are on holiday, as despite wanting to stay in luxury we also like to immerse ourselves in the local sights and life) we are not a typical Four Seasons guest and for the first couple days we let it ride each time we were abruptly stopped each time we tried to go through the front gate and interrogated with the screams of You guest here? We even joked about it to begin with. However it quickly got wearing, being screamed at and stopped like a common criminal two or three times a day. In fact throughout the whole of our ten day stay, there was only the one occasion that we actually got through the font gate without being stopped and interrogated. I have never received this treatment at any other FS. At the end of our stay we flew to Singapore and stayed in the Ritz Carlton where amazingly we were greeted by our name within minutes of staying there. Now that is the sort of service i expect!Would i stay here again? Don't get me wrong, it was alright, my holiday wasn't ruined, but it wasn't what i booked or what i was under the impression i was paying for. It's a shame because until now i could always bank on a FS hotel. I will definitely be going back to Bali, as it was stunning - but i just wont be returning here.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	2	3	3	1	4	

<Author>jlh9s
<Content>Worth every penny and then some       Jimbaran Bay villa  
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pcinbk
<Content>Best hotel in the world The good: hard to know where to begin, from the location, to the villas, to the staff at all levels, to the restaurant, the privacy, essentially perfect.The mediocre: the beach is not the most exciting, but it's nice enough and even for a beach person (which I am) everything else easily made up for it.The bad: nothing. Really.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>WinnerMoscow_Russia
<Content>The greatest hotel I just returned from 10 days vacation at Four Seasons, Jimbaran. This is one of the greatest hotels I've even been! The service was excellent, really nothing negative or close to negative to remember. I agree with other travellers reviews about pricing level at this hotel which is quite high, but it is really cheaper than somewhere in Europe 5 star hotels. And buying fruts in the supermarket we were spending less that 1 USD for papaya more than 1 kilo, etc... We visited some special dinners set up for the guests, such as Bed on the beach and Dinner at Gazebo for 2. The first dinner was set up on the beach, in a so called bed for 2 with a table installed on this bed between 2 of us. The food was really excellent. There were candles set up on the sand, some beautiful pictures highlited by the lamps hidden in the sand, and we enjoied the atmosphere a lot. The second dinner served for 2 of us was also very fine, served for only 2 of us in a private gazebo near the ocean. Both these dinners are part of the usual weekly hotel routine and if you are in this hotel for 2 weeks, you will have a chance to participate more than 1 time :)We have also visited Cooking school and it was really a lot of fun! We've chosen Asian cousine modul and were quite happy to learn to cook Japanice dumplings, noodls with vegetables in Wok and Tom Yam soup. Prior to the lesson we went to a market tour and learned some tips about local food available at the market. I recommend this to everybody because it is really a lot of fun.The villa set up was just perfect, all the pictures of other visitors displayed on this site just reflect everything that we had and I have nothing to add. The bed was fixed twice daily, there were always a lot of towels and they were also changed twice daily, complimentary fruits of the day and water was also included.At the beach and the pools there always was water and glasses with ice, and cold sprey with water and also sun lotion.We took cople of excursions to the mid of the island, which was also a lot of fun.We also visited SPA several times, and services also exceeded our expectations. The only minus for me, but not about the hotel, but about the vacation in general and nature of this place, was quite cold water in the ocean and the fact that the water was not transparent. In spite of the fact that the waves were very small, water entering the ocean was always mixed with sand and was never transparent. I really dreamt of spending in the ocean water all my day, but really swem only 2-3 times, swimming mostly in the pool. I do not know if the temperature of the water is the same all year round, but the transparence of the water never exists, I believe. And it not possible to snorkle there and not interesting at all.July, August and September are the top season on Bali, as I was told by our guide. In winter they have more rain and the humidity is much bigger. The time when we've been there, from August 11 till August 22, the weather was just fine, alwas about 30C, including morning and evening hours.the atmosphere in the hotel is very relaxed, no need to dress up, so you can leave at home your expensive juwelry and swimming suits. The hotel is really for the couples, and I do not think that it is suitable for people travelling alone or for companies looking to have fun.As it was mentioned in some of the previous reviews, the hotel is located within 20-25 min drive from Kuta, the place with a lot of cafes/restaurants/discos - real life. But I find it only a plus, becuase if you want to have fun you can spend about 5-6 US dollars to get to Kuta and the same to get back, but if you wish to relax, nothing will interfere.After Bali we moved for 3 days to Singapore, into the same Four Seasons chain hotel. The service there was also nice, but on Bali it really exceeded the expectation, and only in Singapore we felt the difference!I will definetely come to this place again, though not the next year becuase I have not been to many other places and love to explore new locations. But this one is definetely worth returning to.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>qwaiker
<Content>Excellent I had an amazing honeymoon there, and now a year and a half after, we still talk about how great it was...I would defnitely go there again and recommend it to all my friends or anyone who wants to go to bali.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mofat
<Content>Perfect! The paradise My wife and me went to this hotel in june 2007 for our 2 year mariage anniversary.Initialy we planned to stay one week at this hotel and one week at the four season SAYAN. = it was so perfect that we stayed the 2 weeks in the jimbaran bay.Villas with private pool were somptuous as the pool oh the Hotel.The best part is the employee who are so nice with you!Everything is done to make you feel a special guest and to make you believe that everything you requested is possible.Of course you paid these prestations but it worth it !I recommend this hotel if you want so luxurious holidays with nothing to worry about.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>M0N
<Content>The best hotel ever!! I stayed here for my honeymoon and it was so amazing and the service was so great that it actually spoiled the rest of our trip because no other hotel compared to it!!! The spa is awesome and we also had a romantic dinner served at our villa!! It was definitly the highlight of our honeymoon  
<Date>Jun 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SuperDosa
<Content>Truly unbelievable Spent my honeymoon here back in March and it was an unbelievable experience. The attention to detail that this place takes to everything is truly amazing. They make you feel comfortable and special at all times. The villa's were just unbelievable. So in summary -- couldnt have asked for a better stay, everything was 10 on 10 (if not higher). Just go there to celebrate an occasion as it is expensive (but worth every dollar!).  
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jeannedelor
<Content>Wonderful, but . . . I expect my husband and I will look back on our villa at the Four Seasons Jimbaran Bay as the biggest, nicest hotel room we ever had. We loved the private plunge pool and outdoor living area. But after spending the first part of our trip in Ubud, we felt like captives at this resort. The concierge discouraged us from wandering off of the hotel's premises on foot because, apparently, there is not much to see in the immediate area. The only options for leaving the hotel were to call a taxi, or use the hotel's guest car service (at an additional charge), or book a pre-packaged tour. Guests can wander down the beach toward the Intercontinental Hotel and some beachfront seafood restaurants which are popular with the local Balinese, but otherwise, unless you call a taxi, you have to eat at the hotel's restaurants. The food is good but overpriced. If your vacation goal is to spend most of the time lounging on the grounds of a very nice resort and be presented with a large bill at the end of your stay, then this place is for you.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	2	5	5	5	2	

<Author>lindsay56
<Content>On par with the oriental in Bangkok I have stayed at this hotel ten times in the last ten years sometimes with a bucketful of kids and sometimes with just my queen.I can honestly say the only hotel that compares for staff attentiveness and quality of food and lodging is the oriental in Bangkok.If your a person that hopes to be buried with all your money or you are stingey then this is not the resort for you.The prices are high but the attention to detail is very high.Sometimes it feels a little stiff around the upstairs pool but just let your kids loose there that softens it up a little bit.You can actually watch every plane land at the airport as the resort is high on a cliff and the two pools are one above the other with a spectacular waterfall overflowing the top pool into the lower pool.The lower pool is very soothing and has a ice cold spa and a hot tub side by side.The gardens are absolutley spectacular and there are gazeebos spread around the property on the cliffs that you can sit / lie in and read.There is a beachside cafe PJ's that you can have Lunch/dinner in that is very casual and has a outstanding menu and a beautiful ambience.Go for the firecracker rice its Brilliant.And the Nasi Goreng has been voted the best in Bali by a well travelled Australian travel writer.At sunset they play the Gamelons near the Pools and it just gives you goose bumps. Every second day there is a wedding at the resort so that says something about the ambience of the place.If your relationship/ Marriage is in need of repair or nuturing then this truly the place for you. Just remember there arent any luggage racks on Hearses  
<Date>Jun 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jonahsieh
<Content>Highly Recommended We came to this resort for a three days get away and found the best resort experience of my life by far. Each vila seems to have equally great view to the India Ocean. Setup in the vila is perfect . The vila is well maintained and very clean although furnishing looks a little bit oldStaffs obviously know when is the most appropriate time to provide service and how to provide it proactively without bothering the guest. Food is excellent in the resort. A romantic candle light dinner at beach can be arranged and is extremely recommended for those honeymooners.Plantation is properly arranged but I think green is a little bit short in the resort as a whole. It would be better to have more plants.The only drawback of the resort will comes from those who extremely care their privacy. Lacking of sufficient coverage of trees or bush, each vila can be seen through by adjacent ones or by people walking down to beach. I occassionally saw naked tourists walking in their garden and even in the house. Overall speaking, this is definitely a place worthy to come back.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>W0r1dTrave11er
<Content>The Best Getaway Experience       Around the villas  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>holiday10
<Content>Paradise for a relaxing break - 5 star! We went here for a week on our honeymoon after Singapore and it was afantastic place to relax and indulge ourselves! Firstly, do not book a 4 Seasons Resort if you expect normal local prices because you obviously wont get that. There are so many staff at this place looking out for your every need that you can understandthe restaurant etc being a little more pricy than Kuta. Having said that, we came from London so it didn't seem that expensive! As said, you are greeted by cool towels and a refreshing drink. Staff are welcoming and cannot do enough for you. We stayed in villa 211 and would highly recommned it. It has an ocean view, is right at the far end of the property and seemed to us to be the most secluded villa we saw. No-one overlooked us and it was very private! The villas are fantastic - i can add no more than others have already said. We loved the outdoor shower and living area and the plunge pool was great - especially as it was so hot.The rest of the resort was very well kept and generally quiet and relaxing. The buggies are always there to ferry you around but it is a nice walk along the top of the beach. The pool was lovely. The beach was pretty but shallow but the best bit was that at both your sunbed was set up with clean towels, you were give n fresh iced water, sun tan lotion and watermelon to keep you fresh - nice touch! Finally the food we had was excellent! PJ's is probably the nicest restaurant for location and the menu is a good selection of international and local food. Great service. The Noodle place we thought was fantastic but it is a bit out of the way and therefore lacks atmosphere. It is also rather sticky as you don't get the sea breeze - you should go for the delicios food. Finally the other restaurant (where breakfast is served) had excellent indonesian food which we really enjoyed and it is also a nice view overlooking the bay. One night we treated ourselves to the private duck dinner in our rooms which was delicious and the service was impecable - v romantic overlooking the bay in our villa! We did not leave the resort as we were relaxing on our honeymoon but one other thing we would thoroughly recommend is the Cooking School. We had just the 2 of us on the Asian Course which starts with a trip to the local markets at 8am. It was amazing to see local life and the variety of fresh fish, fruit and vegetables which the island has to offer. We then had breakfast with the chef at the cooking school followed by our lesson and we all finally ate what we had cooked together for lunch. Not only did we learn some exotic new dishes but also lots of very useful techniques etxc - a very interesting and different experience!Overall 10/10 - you will not be disappointed!  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>funkycherry
<Content>Fall in love with Jimbaran Bay Outstandingly beautiful. This resort just boost the best view, location, service and it was definitely worth spending the extra cash. I'm defintely coming back for more!  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>chills23
<Content>Paradise found!!! My new wife and I decided to spend our honeymoon in Bali and Langkawi, Malaysia. We hadn't been to the Far East in quite a while (I was born in the Philippines, and she has visited Thailand on multiple occasions), so we figured this would be a great opportunity to see some places no one we knew has ever visited. We arrived in Bali on Tuesday 10/31 and left Sunday 11/5 for another week at the Four Seasons Langkawi. I did tons of research, reading every entry for almost every hotel in Southern/Eastern/Western Bali and in Langkawi. Using Trip Advisor, Expedia, yahoo, Frommers, and Fodors I was able to drill down where I wanted to stay. I chose the 4 Seasons Jimbaran over it's sister property in Sayan because of its location. Sayan is located 2hrs from the airport, while Jimbaran is a 15min drive (and u don't hear/see planes). My booking was done through Asian Affair Holidays (Singapore Airlines) because when packaged with airfare and transfers, it came out cheaper. Since it was noted through Asian Affair Holidays that we were on a honeymoon, we got preferential treatment. When we arrived at the 4 Szns, we were kindly greeted with a cool but brisk ginger refreshment in the simple and understated lobby. Once you walk towards the stairs though, you realize how beautiful the grounds are. We were given the keys to a 2 bedroom villa that sleeps 6 people just a short walk up or buggy ride from the lobby (Rm 1403 I think). The room was amazing...almost too large for my wife and I (she was scared to go into the other half of the villa at nite). The private pool was clean, no bugs on the premises, and the room was in such sparkling working order that I was in awe for most of the stay. The tubs were filled with flowers and warm water. Greetings were left on all beds. Outdoor showers were clean and a great touch. Privacy was perfect as you could not view us walking around nude from anywhere on the property. I've stayed at some nice hotels around the world, but this was epicurean and above and beyond all others. We didn't have to lift a finger for anything and were driven by buggy anywhere we wanted.  The restaurants are good, but pricey. Our package included free breakfast (room service or buffet) and they were all good in quality and variety. The noodle house and especially PJ's are worth visits. I'd suggest walking the beach towards the pretty lights about 1000ft towards town and eat seafood on the sand. Don't order the imported lobster as it is overpriced, and stick to the fresh prawns, crab, and fish. The prices there are 5-6 times less than the hotel's and taste just as good. If I could afford it, I'd easily revisit the 4szns in Jimbaran. The people were nice, the service top notch, the locale safe, sound, cultured, and tranquil. The pools were clean and bug free and we were offered water, snacks, frozen fruit pops, and spritzers often. Very glad that they provide free sun tan lotion. The spa was pretty good, although pricey. Loved the decor and the couples room which had indoor and outdoor shower's and tubs for synchronized spa'ing. i'd suggest trying one of the spa's outside the hotel (we went to one near the airport, that was 50% if you flew in with Singapore airlines). We spent 6+ hrs at this spa getting so many treatments for less than $110 per couple. For those planning on visiting Bali in Oct/Nov which is supposedly rain season, I just want to say that we never saw any rain. There were some clouds around when we went on one of those Bali Hai cruises (very enjoyable) though. We booked most of our excursions through Bali Discovery tours and Tour East prior to leaving as their prices were highly competitive and the drivers were very nice, honest, (spoke good enough english) and on-time. You can always book through the hotel, but they charge more and are limited on operators. Also, don't forget you can always rent out a taxi for couple hours or an entire day. I compared some, and although their prices are low, their actual touring services ~could be pretty bad (translation, knowledge). I'll be composing a similar review for the 4 Seasons Langkawi shortly. We loved Bali (although a little crowded with all those motos) and would definitely visit again.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>aerotraveller
<Content>wonderful spa and great service The spa here should not be missed. The massages were the best we have had in Bali at top hotels. Also, I will be forever grateful to the management for helping to locate lost luggage. And the private plunge pools are a treat for couples on holiday.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jenskar
<Content>Loved our Villa !!       Outdoor living area  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>5trans
<Content>Would return in a heartbeat Our first family vacation to Asia was fabulous. Two adults and 3 girls (ages 8, and 6 yr. old twins). We were in Bali for 6 days and enjoyed every minute of it. We stayed at Four Seasons in Jimbaran Bay and I'll mention right from the start--if you complain about it being too overpriced or expensive, you shouldn't be staying at a Four Seasons. From the time we were picked up at the airport (with exactly 5 cold towels and bottles of water waiting in the car), I felt the luxuriousness of the resort. Upon our arrival, check-in was prompt and welcoming. We took a short buggy (which are golf carts that they have readily available to take you anywhere on the resort grounds) ride to our 2-bedroom villa. The children's bedroom had a plate of cookies ready with each of the girls' names iced on the cookie and an enormous basket of games, toys (local handicrafts), coloring books, crayons--all in sets of 3. Talk about being VERY kid-friendly and making our girls feel like princessses.The villa itself was beautiful (beware of wandering snails at night however, since the living areas are not enclosed)--private plunge pool is nice but didn't use it much because the big pools are much more fun! Bedrooms and bathrooms on both sides of the living area are enclosed however and nicely airconditioned. Bathrooms are amazing--would love to mimic the design and feel in my own home.Now we get to the service--exceptional!! We were always greeted everywhere we went. Just about everyone knows you are Mr. and Mrs. so-and-so. Daily breakfast was included for us and usually could take us until about dinner. You order anything you want, and as much as you want. My oldest daughter's favorite fruit became the rambutan (beautiful red fruit with very soft spikes on outside, and delicious fruit like a lychee on the inside), as well as mine. One day we asked for a plate of those with our breakfast. Next afternoon, when we came back from a full day of activities, a plate filled with just rambutans was waiting in our room. I've never experienced that kind of attention to detail at any other hotel/resort. Someone obviously noticed we liked those. Why would you return and stay anywhere else? And I only have one thing to say about the spa/massage--get one!!Many things to do in Bali, esp. with kids:--Elephant safari park a must--very interacive experience also--Monkey Forest not to skip--buy the bananas--Reptile Farm--want to hold a 2-feet iguana? Our girls did!--Ubud--lots of cool things to look at, buyAll of these things and more we did with the help of our fantastic driver. This is much cheaper than arranging transport through the hotel. You pay him a fixed price (which is quite inexpensive)and he is yours for the entire day. They live there so they know everything about the island.There isn't much negative to speak about. The hospitality and friendliness of the Balinese is something you would have to experience for yourself--there are too many good words to say. When we go back, I would not go in December, however. We were there over Christmas holiday and it was VERY hot!! Locals say it is usually their hottest month. But staying at the Four Seasons more than makes up for mother nature. Please go and enjoy and please email at cltran333@yahoo.com if you would like the name and number of the driver we used.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>BeeMel
<Content>Perfect for Honeymoon       pool area  
<Date>Jan 10, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>don_v_corleone
<Content>pretty good but not excellent Four Seasons at Jimbaran is a very good hotel but it didn't meet our expectations. We stayed at both the Sayan hotel and the Jimbaran hotel and were a little bit dissapointed.The villas are very spacious and luxurious. Views are pretty good although villas are not very private (can be seen from other villas).Not as clean as would be expected by the rates.On the good side, hotel location is very good. Located near lots of restaurants and fairly close to the airport.Something that they definitely should work on: Service. Staff try too hard to the point they are annoying. It gets to a point where they become a little obnoxious and pushy when you are just trying to relax. Conclusion: Not worth what they charge. Could do better with the same rates at other hotels on the island.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	2	5	2	4	

<Author>agjeaton
<Content>Great beach choice       The Bay  
<Date>Oct 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>ilovel&o
<Content>expensive but worth it Although we've stayed here 3 years ago, I decided to write my own review after reading low reviews of this resort. First of all, it is an expensive place to stay, but you get 2000+ sq ft of living space. We paid about $400/nt including service charges and taxes because they had a stay 2 nights get 3rd night free deal. And this includes ala carte breakfast. That means you can order as much as you want for breakfast and it is all included. And that's what we did. We would eat breakfast late (as late as 10 am) and will be so full we wouldn't eat again till 5 or 6pm. The bfst selection have japanese and indian choices too aside from american. It was wonderful! There's a floral bath awaiting you when you arrive, which is pretty romantic. We stayed at the resort the whole time and took advantage of their complimentary fitness center, and water sports equipment like kayak and boogie board. I agree that the beach is not that spectacular, but I liked it because the water was calm. I hardly noticed the airplanes as some of the reviewers mentioned. Our villa was wonderful, even though we didn't book the oceanfront, we can still see the bay. I think the indoor living space is fine with just the bedroom and HUGE bathroom, coz you get a living area and dining area outside. And having your own plunge pool was just awesome. It's true that villas can be above other villas, fortunately we were on top :-) The restaurants are expensive, but what do you expect from a 5 star resort. The staff are friendly and did not bother us too much. One of them even gave us an unopened pair of slippers to take home as souvenir. The only one bad thing I remember is that at the souvenir shop when I asked for an extra bag, she wouldn't give me one, until I pointed out that I already bought stuff from their other shop. She then gave me one. I think being a guest at their resort, I deserve to get an extra store bag, whether I bought anything or not.The grounds are beautiful, pool's great, the spa is amazing, so overall it was an unforgettable experience. Love it!!  
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Bali2006
<Content>Best Service EVER! This hotel had by FAR the best service I ever experienced. I don't know if it was the Balinese culture or the Hotel, or both, but we've never so pleased with the level of service received. The would try very hard to please you in whatever you need: information, transportation, room service, refreshments, sunscreen...The hotel grounds are beautiful, probably the best in Bali: we visited the Intercontinental next door, and it wasn't even close.The villa rooms are great. Yes, it is true that they are not private enough to get frisky in the outdoor plunge pool, but they are arquitecturally comfortable and elegant (no flower-print bed covers here).The foods was not the greatest, specially for the price, but we are very picky and had very high expectations: definitely gourmet, but a little over worked in the western taste. I definitely recommend the breakfast package: all you can eat a-la-carte, you cannot beat that.The spa is a tad above average: I had more sophisticated treatments in the US.We would definitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mag1calspider
<Content>Out of this world!       villa plunge pool  
<Date>Aug 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Laila123
<Content>Absolutely loved it!!!!       outdoor shower  
<Date>Jun 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ukukuk
<Content>Fantastic Stayed for 4 nightsHotel is about 10 - 15 mins from airport in taxi. You can get hotel to pick you up its very expensive compared with local cabs but you dont have to deal with setting a price with taxi driver as we found very little metered cabs at airport. blue bird were good metered cabs.Hotel is set on a hill overlooking a huge bay, yes you can see airport (which we liked) ans some fly over but i was not a problem for us at all.At check in we were given cold towels and welcome drink, great after a long long flight from UK via singapore. At this stage we could also check in for Sayan. check in was easy and fast we were then driven to our villa on a golf cart to villa 156.We were net by the 'village chef' who showed us around the large villa, it consisted of a double room with large bath, two sinks and shower all enclosed (A/C), also outdoor shower and living room with mini bar and daily tropical fruit and large ish plunge pool. from our room you could not really see the ocean but this did not bother us too much if you really want to see the ocean as for a villa lower down the hill.Pool was great two level. gym fun and bike ride enjoyable, we also went sailing. outside hotel area is ok i guess,sort of typical bali really Kuta was bit yak very overdeveloped and tourist filled. We just stayed in hotel, i know this is bad but hey its our holiday.Overall service was amazing in everything we did. Fab  
<Date>Jun 13, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Peech
<Content>A truly romantic getaway The original Four Seasons at Jimbaran is every bit as good as people say. All the villas face Jimbaran Bay so the view is very, very nice. At night you can see the lights from the airport in the distance, and what is romantic is all the candle lights dotted along Jimbaran Bay from the seafood restaurants on the beach.The villas are very spacious and comfortable, with a nice, big bathtub as well as an outdoor shower. Having your own dipping pool is great for enhancing the romantic experience of your stay. You are served a different kind of local fruit every day, and the service of the Four Seasons is impeccable.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worth every dollar and cent you pay for it Stayed at this hotel as part of my honeymoon , it is worth every dollar you spend in it . I wont add anything to my review since most about this hotel has alrready been said. I would only like to add that in my opinion its better than Sayan and that now , after my visit i realized that the reviews previously posted at tripadvisor reflect exactly the excellence of this hotel .  
<Date>Jan 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>expensive for what you get first, the positives: our ocean-view villa didn't have anyone looking into our courtyard. nor did we have a view into the villa below us. the bed was very comfortable and everything in the villa worked. wifi signal was too weak to reach our villa, so the hotel had installed a DSL modem (connectivity was passable, but not great). buggy service was reasonably prompt and staff were friendly and attentive. the airport noise is noticeable occasionally, but the hotel is far from being in the flight path. our daughter loved the children's camp -- four seasons' kid camps are free, a serious consideration for families with kids!!negatives: the hotel restaurants are outrageously expensive compared to just about any restaurant outside of the hotel. for that price, food was only of middling quality. the hotel is a fair distance from the dive spots and there seems to be no worth while snorkelling or diving spots near the hotel. for all of the villa's comfort, i was left with a feeling that i was paying a lot more than what i was getting.we expect that we'll visit bali again, but we are unlikely to stay at this four seasons.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2006
<Rating>3	2	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>fstraveler
<Content>Great Hotel!       Soaking Tub  
<Date>Nov 7, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Believe you me, this is the joint. First off, I would like to start by saying that my new wife and I left Bali the day before the most recent bombings, which occurred next to the Four Seasons at these wonderful seafood cafes or warungs that line the beach. We dined there twice, spoke with the servers and gorged ourselves on fresh lobster, chili prawns, and frosty Bintang Beer. Those nights remain some of the fondest memories of our honeymoon. It鈥檚 a terrible shame that this happened again to such a beautiful island and to such beautiful people. As the General Manager of the Four Seasons just told me, You can delay paradise, but you cannot deny it. Remember that fact when considering a trip to Bali. God bless all those affected.Now for my review....After a punishing 23-hour travel day we walked out of customs and were instantly greeted by two ecstatic men dressed in traditional Balinese garb. They bowed, grabbed our bags, and we headed off to the parking lot. Seconds upon stepping outside, a brand new Land Cruiser pulled up and whisked us away from the heat and mayhem. Would you like a bottle of water and cold towel? Stepping out of the car we greeted again by more staff. They bowed with deep smiles while calling us by our names. Instinct and experience told me I needed to check in at the front desk, but oh no, they immediately sat us down, gave us some fresh juice, and offered us another cold towel. We took deep breaths, ogled, and realized we where in Paradise. My 鈥渙ne big鈥?wedding task of picking a honeymoon was an all out success. Hourly visits where made to this site, weeding out potential destinations and hotels. I obsessed over it, I changed reservations 3 times, and finally I went with the FS. Thank god I did. Holy Crap.Now, I have traveled a decent amount in my 27 years. But by no means am I snooty, jaded, or raised 鈥渞idin鈥?the pony鈥?on Daddy鈥檚 lap of luxury. I'm just a dude, who happened to fall in love, get married, have a big wedding and receive a boatload of envelopes. I'm Italian, and that's what we do, envelopes filled with cash. Nice. So I figured this only happens once, lets do it right. So the FS it was. The reason for this background info is this; unless you鈥檙e loaded with a team of maids and gold plated faucets and stuff, it would be very difficult to have anything substantially negative to say about the FS. The service is ridiculous. Really, everyone addresses you by Mr. or Mrs. So and So. The attention to detail is astounding. They clean your place shoeless and all the while smiling. They folded my dirty boxer-briefs when I forget to put them in my laundry bag (that I felt was a little much). They made various reservations for me, set up days involving drivers, site seeing, and dinner. Everyday there was replenished toiletries, tropical fruit, and fresh flowers awaiting us. We couldn鈥檛 wait to see what they did for us. I felt like a King for the first time. The Villa's are awesome. Rustic luxury is how I would describe it. Every amenity you could imagine is offered. A nice toothbrush, q-tips, bath salts, slippers, good shaving cream, aloe for that crusty skin, and yes all the bottled water you can drink. Now I pride myself on drinking boatloads of water, I love it and believe in severe hydration. No shortage of that at the FS. I was in heaven, so much bottled water everywhere. The plunge pools are deep and perfectly cool. And whenever you鈥檙e feeling lazy, just pick up the phone, dial zero and the buggy will come to whisk you away. The pool was fantastic. The staff made hourly walk bys to replace your, guess what, bottled water. They offered you sorbets, frozen grapes, fresh melon, and even offered to polish your sunglasses. FOR FREE! These guys are on you. Whatever, whenever.The Spa is a great Spa. Best part about it is that you don't see anyone else. There are people getting treatments, but they time it perfectly so you never have to see any other grown men naked. Kudos to Brian the Spa director. He was extremely helpful as, what I consider, my American concierge. Great guy and perfect for young honeymooners needing some advice. Well done.The food was very good. We where on the Romance Package (highly recommended, unless your traveling by yourself or with your cousin Steve) so we had a full breakfast every morning. Nothing like a fancy breakfast to start the day. Great coffee, great homemade jams, and fresh eggs. I recommend the Daily Chef's Special. So tasty. Other than the breakfast we enjoyed a candlelight dinner served course by course in our villa. Perfectly cooked beef tenderloin and one monster of a lobster tail made for one special night. That too was part of the Romance Package. We had an all right lunch once by the pool and many cocktails at the hotel bar, which is by far the friendliest and most comfortable bar ever.We also took a day trip to visit the FS Sayan in Ubud. Too quiet for my taste, but wow. You have to see it too believe it. Call Brian at the Spa, he鈥檒l set it up. One complaint, just one. Ants. Sometimes, when you鈥檇 return home, there would be ants in the room. My wife hates bugs. I hate dealing with bugs, especially when I'm in bed about to have a taste of vacation sleep. Fortunately, they provide you with ant spray in the villa, so you can keep them at bay. So it not all that bad.I could on forever. It was crazy, the whole experience. The Island itself is unlike anything I have ever seen. Verdant and fragrant, filled with cordial people and grossly inexpensive (full meals with wine, beer and desert $30!), Bali is truly magical. Thanks to the FS, every other vacation in my future has been deemed pointless. The bar has been set so high it scares me. Sure the flight is very long, especially on coach. The villa rates are steep, but look at what you鈥檙e getting and look at where you are getting it. Nobody I know has been to Bali or Asia for that matter. And I went, with the love of my life, for the trip of a lifetime, and without any regrets. God bless the Four Seasons Jimbaran Bay for taking majority of the contents of my envelopes.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>You will never want to leave From the second the resort staff greets you at the airport, takes care of your bags, escorts you to a brand new SUV, offers you a cool handtowel, a chilled bottle of water, asks you how you prefer your air conditioning, and asks if you would care to listen to some music, you know have elected to stay in one of the best resorts in the world. The unique thing about this Four Seasons and its' staff is that they strive to not only give you Four Seasons' first class service, but Balinese service, which is a notch above the rest. My boyfriend and I stayed in an ocean view villa (which had a beautiful view of the ocean by the way) which had a plunge pool, beautiful outdoor cabana/dining table, gorgeous marble bathtub and shower, outdoor garden and shower (very cute touch), and teepee like ceilings, which were just magical. The whole time you felt like you were in luxury, but never forgot that you were in Bali. Eventhough all of the villas are in close proximity to one another, they all have high walls, which provide the utmost privacy. It was funny, while their occupancy rate was supposedly full, it never felt like there were other people there. Between the lush gardens, little rivers all over the property, uniquely positioned benches with waterfront view, the little waves crashing against the rocks, I couldn't imagine a better place to spend with anyone special to you. At this resort, anything you wish for can be done. For example, we went shopping one day and bought a table. When we got back to the hotel, they offered to box it up for us so we could check it on the airline. Another night, we found a bit of sand in our bed, and when we asked about it, not only were they overly appologetic and changed the sheets, the manager of the hotel sent chocolates, a bottle of Moet, comped a rather expensive dinner one night, but 3 other staff called and stopped by the next day to apologize again for the tiny inconvenience. This hotel goes above and beyond to please their guests. Also, since the resort grounds are so expansive, people can either walk or call for a buggy (golf cart) to pick them up and take them around (very unique, and gives you the option for exercise should you chose to walk!) To address any negative points. Some people have complained about the airport being so close, but I did not find it intrusive at all. In fact, every hotel in Jimbaran Bay has a clear view of the airport, but it is NOT noisy. The hotel food is good, not out of this world, but very good. However, I have nothing negative to say about the expereience. It absolutely felt like home after 2 days, and I did not want to leave-EVER. Paradise is how I would characterize it.  As for the spa, but I went for two things - a facial and a massage. This is perhaps the most gorgeous and wonderful spa in the world. They are professional, friendly, and are just so considerate of anything you might need. Also, they have very yummy snacks! The facial was one of my favorite things that I did while there. As for activities, they have brand new mountain bikes they offer for free, a gorgeous tennis court with people to pick up the balls for you!, a stunning infinity pool, and so many more things I can't even begin to mention them.  While the ticket price might seem shocking - this resort was worth every penny. Free activities, comped meals, free packaged boxes, pickup at the airport - NO TIPPING for anyone - it is not as expensive as you think.The Four Seasons at Jimbaran Bay staff have thought of everything to make this a home you will never want to leave. Bottom line - you have to go and experience it for yourself. It is the most relaxing place on earth!  
<Date>Aug 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful location and luxurious villas!       Four Seasons Jimbaran - Outdoor plunge pool with a view of the Bay  
<Date>Jul 18, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>unfriendly, expensive, poor food The Hotel area is nice, the villas spacious an comftable, but:the food is expensive and not very good. Outside you get much better at any other hotel than in the 4season. we tryed first a snack and a bami goreng at the pool restaurant and it was disaponted, the drinks with no decoration, no stroh, no ice, the bami goren very poor. a beer we ordered later was warm, and so on, that麓s why we decide to eat everyday outsite. staff is not so friendly - and I can compare! we stayed allready at Bali Interconty, Bali Hilton, Bali Padma, Royal Seminyak, Maya Ubud, and many other. If you like the Bali villas there are much better options at less money. Termimakasi!  
<Date>Jul 7, 2005
<Rating>2	1	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Jimbaran Bay and Sayan - Great job Four Seasons! I will limit my review to Jimbaran Bay. We spent six nights at Jimbaran Bay and loved it. We followed up with two nights at Sayan.The Jimabaran Bay location is great because of the beach access as well as local flavor. If you only go to Sayan, you might be a little bored. The rooms (villas) are a great size with a wonderful view of the Bay. The food service is great and several mornings we had room service bring us our morning meal.A spa treatment was top notch.Much better than our last trip to Bali where we stayed in an oceanview suite at the RC.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely the bast resort on Bali! I just returned to Singapore after my fifth visit to Bali in the past 10 years. Although the continuing development continues to distress me, I found sanctuary in the Four Seasons at Jimbaran Bay.My stay at the Four Seasons was nothing short of exceptional. I have stayed at several other prime properties on Bali before, but this was my first stay at the FS.From the large and opulent villas to the gourmet cruising (and I should know good food as I am from Singapore!), I could not come up with even one fault. I did notice some reviewers lamenting about the view of the airport. In reality, the airport is still so far away that you carely notice it. Beyond that, there is so much to do on the grounds, I am not sure where those concerns develop. Anyway, if you want the best in luxury (slightly better than the Ritz Carlton Bali that I stayed in last trip), this is a great choice.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>As good as it gets I just spent 6 nights at the Four Seasons in Jimbaran Bay in an ocean view private villa. I had very high expectations of the hotel, since it is rated as the best resort of Asia. The resort exceded my expectations. After 23 hours of Airplane flying time, we arrived. At first we were given one of the villas that is farther away from the beach (5 min walk). The villa was great and it had a nice view of the bay, but I wanted to be closer to the beach. After telling the manager that I was disapointed I was offered an upgrade to an oceanfront villa and was changed in a few minutes. Everything about the hotel is six stars. All the people that work there treat you as if you were a celebrity (we are not). After the second day, everyone call us by our names and treated us as if we were old friends. The details, the spa, the food, the luxury of the villa, the gardens and many other things were the best I have seen in the world. And I have been to nice hotels all over.I will like to mention two things that surprised me for the level of service:One, the hotel manager approached us while we where having lunch and offered the possibility of visiting one night the other Four Seasons at Sayan, locking our villa at Jimbaran Bay and only packing a small bag. All this without a surcharge. We took the offer and were delighted with the other Four Seasons in Bali. It is as nice as the Jimbaran hotel, but with a minimalist-contemporary touch. A car from the hotel took us there (also at no charge). And we had a magical expirience at this luxury resort in he middle of the jungle. It is very dificult to describe. The place is full of energy, yet one feels peace all around. We took massage therapy in a private spa villa and afterwards our life changed with the magical expierence. Two, my wife asked the hotel manager where did he buyed his pants because she wanted to buy a pair for me. The manager told her that they where taylor made in Bali out of a linus fabric. The taylor takes 10 days to make them and we where leaving in a couple days. The manager lend us his car and chofer (no charge of course) and we drove to buy the fabric and later to the taylor. The pants will be sent to our home by the hotel. Additionally, the manager told us that he did not needed the car until 8 Pm and that we could borrow along with the driver to visit some beaches and sites. Finally, I will like to coment on a bad review that was posted a few days ago. This reviewer complained that there is an airport in front of the hotel and that there was alot of noise from the planes. He also claims that after staying one day, he changed to the Ritz Carlton wich was much better. It is true that there is an airport in the other side of the bay, but it is so far a part in the horizon (about 4 miles) that you dont realize that is an airport until you see an airplane landing. I only a few airplanes in the whole stay and I only heard one an airplane (the others you could not hear them). Another surprising fact about this bad review is that the Ritz Carlton has villas the same size (compare both web sites) as the 4 Seasons, and is located in the same bay, a few miles down the road (look at the map in the web). The reviewer claimed that the villas at the R-C where much bigger than the ones at the 4 S. My conclussion is that negative review is coming from someone at the Ritz Carlton.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mcassie
<Content>Perfect Luxury Family Resor       Villa Sleeping area  
<Date>Jun 7, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best villas   showReview(3531923, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 6, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FMUBSU
<Content>Wonderful place due for an update   showReview(3494178, 'full');   
<Date>May 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>CVCP
<Content>I can't imagine a better place   showReview(3419419, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect Place to Stay   showReview(3364865, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 14, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Travellog
<Content>Just paradise       Four Seasons seen from the beach  
<Date>Mar 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dissapointed Not Number one in My Book   showReview(3173619, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 9, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Privacy and Romance Pure       View from the Pool  
<Date>Jan 28, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mind Blowing!   showReview(2511415, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel   showReview(2427294, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Save your money or go to Sayan   showReview(2323410, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 26, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉忋兗銉夈倐銈姐儠銉堛倐鍏呭疅   showReview(21744374, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>orth銆€k
<Content>鐧掋仌銈屻伨銇椼仧   showReview(20196633, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>yo-yoko
<Content>銇曘仚銇屻仹銇欙紒   showReview(19953602, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lys_de_france
<Content>Excellent   showReview(19672270, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	-1	5	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇娿仾銇樸伩銇瓼S銇с仚銆?#x201d;   showReview(19914308, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>niceguybruxelles
<Content>Nec Plus Ultra       vue piscine  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dehurru
<Content>perfekt   showReview(14999620, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jarita76
<Content>Incre铆ble   showReview(13957033, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉忋儘銉犮兗銉炽仹   showReview(19913003, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇曘仚銇屻伀楂樸亜銇犮亼銇傘仯...   showReview(21802883, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Christian33
<Content>Villen genial, Rest gut aber zu teuer   showReview(8434495, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇俱仧琛屻亶銇熴亜锛侊紒   showReview(19911335, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉曘偐銉笺偡銉笺偤銉炽偤銆€銉偩銉笺儓銆€銈搞兂銉愩儵銉?#x201d;   showReview(19911324, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉椼兗銉粯銇嶃兇銈ｃ儵鈽?#x201d;   showReview(19910967, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>灞呭績鍦般亴鑹亜銇с仚   showReview(19910733, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 31, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈广儐銈仹銇椼仧銇?#x201d;   showReview(19910325, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 15, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉曘偐銉笺偡銉笺偤銉炽伄銈般儷...   showReview(19927491, 'full');   
<Date>May 18, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉淬偅銉┿偪銈ゃ儣銇с仚銇屻儣...   showReview(19927470, 'full');   
<Date>May 17, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>浠娿伨銇с仹鏈€楂樸伄銉涖儐銉?..   showReview(19923584, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 18, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏂板鏃呰銇с儛銉仹銉曘偐...   showReview(19923515, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 14, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>涓€鐣嵃璞＄殑銇犮仯銇熴伄銇?..   showReview(19920828, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍊ゆ銇с倧銇嬨倠銈堛亞銇儛...   showReview(19920622, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇氥仯銇ㄣ€佹啩銈屻仸銇勩仧銉?..   showReview(19919899, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 25, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏂板鏃呰銇伄銇с仭銈囥仯...   showReview(19918732, 'full');   
<Date>May 14, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

