<Author>travel_and_dine
<Content>The place to give you back your sanity       the pool down the hill, like 200 steps down  
<Date>Jan 8, 2009
<Rating>5	5	4	3	4	5	5	4	

<Author>McShyft
<Content>Sublime blend of luxury and "wellness." We also selected Como Shambhala after previous experience at a sister property - Umu in nearby Ubud. The setting high above the Ayung River is exquisite and its relative remoteness makes it ideal for those who wish to relax, rather than party - or get fit and get well.The professional staff were particularly impressive: I selected the optional get fit program and my wife selected the ayurvedic program - both for a very modest addition to the package. One can make the schedule as busy as one likes - there are many optional experiences to choose from, including early-morning yoga, pilates, walking, trekking and cycling, lifestyle guidance or even bird watching. There are also many add-ons in the spa, as well as fitness challenges further afield; I particularly enjoyed a two-hour walk through ricefields and villages down to Ubud, followed by a pleasant cycle back.A particular delight was a morning spent down at the resort's exclusive rockpools, fed by a natural spring 100 feet above the river. The staff deliver a superb picnic lunch - a kind of antipasto of Balinese food - and discreetly offer cold water and towells when required.Two aspects of our stay surprised us: the sheer value for money (two susequent nights at the Bulgari Resort cost more than five at Como) and the unobtrusive service. Whenever we left our residence for a meal or activity, it would be serviced - used clothing disappeared, only to be returned three hours later washed and pressed; towells were replaced, the bathroom tidied, fresh drinking water supplied. As good as we have enjoyed.And don't miss the marvellous Taksu massage - the best I have ever had!  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>mintyspottedcat
<Content>Fairy-Tale Beauty, But A Bit Noisy       reception  
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>MCT8
<Content>Enchanting! We very carefully selected this hotel after previously staying at one of their sister resorts - Cocoa Island in the Maldives (paradise!).The initial walk to our room provided us with our first stunning glance of the sheer drop of rainforest and I literally welled up. The continuing beauty of the whole resort is amazing, you feel as though you have been placed in the most enchanted forest - totally yours to discover...The food is of a high quality and like the whole estate - geared towards health - although they do cater well to requests. If you are interested in alternative therapies, nature, well-being and spa treatments then this is the place for you - totally immerse yourself and enjoy!The walk back up from the river can be exhausting, however this didn't stop us walking down there every day and I did feel incredibly fit when I left! I took so many books to read however brought them all back unread as I couldn't tear myself away from just staring at the views and soaking up the whole atmosphere of the place. Would I go back? - absolutely, on some level I left part of myself there!  
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cacktusjack
<Content>One of a kind experience Stayed at the Como Shambhala Estate at Begawan Giri for 3 nights. We took the Deluxe Suite at the Wanakasa Residence (forest in the mist) which is their most spectacular residence for us. We also had a look at all of the other beautiful and uniqe residences as well as the kind of boring and average villas.Wanakasa Residence looks like a 6* tree house high above the Ayung river.Living there cannot be compared to other 6* hotels or resorts like Bali's Oberoi or the Amanusa - it feels completely private and secluded. The chef prepared exactly the food we wanted and the staff did their outstanding job in a nearly invisible way.We also loved: the great personal butler service, the large suite with outside shower, outside tub, private bale and the stunning view from the bedroom.Now, a few years after Como took over the Begawan Giri as their health-oriented flagship resort, the actual prices seem to be much lover than ever, which represent a much better deal than all the other high-end resorts on Bali.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>a2vie
<Content>what a stunner... This was our second trip to Ubud and, having stayed in the middle of town (Komaneka Hotel; a wonderful experience, too), we decided to try the more remote location of the Ayung River. As I remembered seeing extraordinary photos of the old Begawan Giri in Architectural Digest in the '90's, decided to try its new incarnation. What a stunner!The property is on a high-ridged peninsula, jutting toward the Ayung River (on which we also took a fun white water rafting trip). There are a series of five tucked-away residences, each with a different vista and feel, all with varied accomodations sharing a central atrium and pool. We stayed at Clear Water residence in a terrace suite, one of the less expensive options. (Clear Water's master suite sheltered Sting for a month, we were told, and I can see why, with its own private outdoor pool, bathtub and shower!). Our suite opened directly onto the infinity pool and its delightful shower room was down an outdoor stair, with a wide window overlooking the jungle and a private bale to lounge on.We were having so much fun that we asked to stay several days more. Unfortunately, another family was taking over the whole residence, so we were given a (discounted) private villa which, while very upscale, is more generic -- I would definitely suggest staying at a residence, several of which are undergoing upgrading at the moment, though the work caused no disruption to our enjoyment.The property is extensive and beautifully maintained. There is a steep path down to an exquisite series of small pools above the river, which shouldn't be missed.Staff is as pleasing and helpful as to be expected with the lovely Balinese. You are provided a personal assistant for your stay, who is attentive and helpful, making sure you don't miss your massage appointment because you're blissing out at the pool. There are a number of complimentary services to be enjoyed...early morning yoga, Aqua Therapy and Pilates were standouts. The food leans toward the healthy side, but is definitely gourmet.The only niggle we had is the bumpy ride through the local village on the way to Ubud (15 minutes or so). Supposedly, the resort has sorted out the politics and the road should be upgraded this year.We have been raving about Como Shambhala since coming home, and can't wait to return with friends and family. Don't miss it!  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Chablino
<Content>Very Relaxing Went here for a babymoon and loved it. The service was outstanding from start to finish especially the effort they made getting us to the front of the lines at immigration which made a late night arrival in Denpasar so much less stressful. We were in the hotel not much more than an hour and a quarter after landing. During our stay everyone was so attentive to my pregant fiance, they even upgraded us to a villa as they thought it would be better for her. Don't go if you want some nightlife and interaction with other people, its designed to feel empty and its surprsing how infrequently you see other guests. If you want some peace and quiet and quality time with just yourself or partner its perfect. The treatments are pricey for Bali but not by international standards and they are very high quality and the cheap room rates make up for it. Food was also pricey for Bali but again was great quality and Ubud is only a fifteen minute drive. Didn't hear any issues with neighbours, they are refurbishing a few villas but no-one complained about noise.  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MinibreakqueenSydney
<Content>Blissful but some traps We just did a weekend trip to Bali for 2 nights at Como Shambhala. Overall it was wonderful but there are a couple of things worth keeping in mind.The dispute with the neighbour ain't over - from 9am til 6pm Saturday there were 2 chainsaws going, which meant that sitting by the pool we couldn't hear each other talk without raising our voices. Not relaxing.The massages and body scrubs were good but the facial was terrible. I think it was her first one. Worst I've ever had. Stick to the body treatments.On the positive side, the people were wonderful to us and gave us a 7pm checkout as our plane left at 10pm. The Aqua Therapy is wonderful, especially the bit once you are out of the pool where they wrap you in towels and elevate your legs on the pool lounges. Definitely head to the 3 pools downstairs. We lay in our bale watching white water rafters sipping cool drinks and jumping in and out of pool. Heaven.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>ohashem1
<Content>Away from it all       View from the residance to the rice fields  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	2	5	2	

<Author>Styletraveler
<Content>Worth Every Rupiah and then some!!!!       charming archway on the way to the river below  
<Date>Dec 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SydneyPete
<Content>Sublime luxury, privacy  What a beautiful resort Como Shambhala is ! We stayed for 4 nights in Umabono Residence and rate it as our favourite property in Bali (and this was our 6th visit, having stayed in many high-end properties across those visits). The grounds are beautiful - spending a leisurely morning reading in a bale next to the spring-fed rock pools down by the river iswell-worth the steep descent (and corresponding steep ascent afterwards!). Food was beautifully prepared - breakfast a highlight with plenty of interesting choices each day. Service was the best we've experienced - the rooms being tended to several times a day - even on the day of departure - a lovely touch which says to the guest that 'you matter' right up to the very moment of leaving. We'l definitely be back !  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>divisaderoguy
<Content>sublime, period Stayed in a spa villa room on this property and found it to be perhaps the best-designed, most purely delightful hotel room I've ever booked - topping previous all-time highs at Bali properties including Amankila and the Four Seasons Sayan.The distinctive approach to cuisine -- one step short of austere -- adds to the uniqueness of the experience. The gym is a tiny disappointment in terms of equipment, but a stroll down and back up from the river makes a great substitute for the usual cardio workout.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NYBaligirl
<Content>Ignore the review from Tapei Ive been to the Begawan every year for seven years and while the service has gone downhill from my initial experience it is still so far superior to anything else out there --and I've stayed at the Aman and the Four Seasons-I think the reviewer before is not really accurate. The physical grounds are amazing and the orig rooms are still some of the best rooms you are going to find in Bali.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>jonahsieh
<Content>A resort with good environment and lousy management My wife and I stayed at Begawan Giri with an all inclusive package (spa, treatment, meal, etc.) in early Dec 2006. We stayed at Umabona's Deluxe Suite which was beautiful - fresh air, wonderful views, and lots of greens. The estate and inner furnishing looks a little bit old but all in good condition. The setting of estate is different than most of resorts and people who care about their privacy very much might have some concerns.The resort provides many activities such as pilates ,yoga, cycling, and hiking. The resort actually occupies vast amount of lands but most of parts are remaining as primitive forest. Involving may different landscapes, the resort offers varieties of spa and other treatments. The one I most recommended is located at an open space down to the Anyun valley (one the way to Water Garden, I don't remember the name of that Spa pavilion). Doing spa at there really make you feel being melted into part of mother nature.The problem of this resort comes from lacking of service mind and lousy maintainess of facilities. I was hurt badly by falling into a cliff during my stay in the resort as the stone plate on the trail was loosen and not properly placed. It appears the resort is not good to deal with this kind of emergency events. Neither serious medical treatment was arranged nor any care to my health condition was presented. Without being checked by a real doctor or any qualified medical institution, the wounds I suffered in the resort eventaully left several ugly scars on my hand and body. The most irritating part is the resort's attitude toward this event. The only thing the resort cared is to bargin with me and preventing me from asking any compensation. It is unwilling to recognize their bad maintainess of facilities and faulty instructions of resort map, and needless to say, to apologize its fault and offer anything to compensate customer's ruined vacation. I always remember the first word the resort's manager told to meafter knowing what happened to me: Mr. Hsieh, we usually do not rebate to our customers. As your case is specially, we will not charge you for the those Spa and treatment you are not able to attend. It appears customer is not their first priority; money is. From the information I obtained in Taiwan, the resort used to be privately owned and provide intimate service. I can't helfp wondering what I encounted during my stay was caused by owner change of the resort, which is now part of Como Shambala group and it's renamed Como Shambala Estate,Besides of managment's lacking service mind, many details are missing in their service. For example, after checking in, there was no one take care my laggage and I had to carry it all the way to my room, which is at least 500 meters from the lobby with hills needign to climb!! Overall speaking, this is a resort located at a beautiful site and has stylish hardware. However, the good parts of this resort can not compensate the fact of lacking service mind. I won't be back except the whole management team or even the owner is replaced - for that money there are lots of places in the world with better service, safer facilities, and equally beautiful environment.  
<Date>May 23, 2007
<Rating>1	1	4	4	3	3	2	2	

<Author>keryninbali
<Content>What my soul needed! I just returned from the 3-day Anti-Aging Program at CSE, and I've returned to the States a new woman! I was greeted by Como staff at the terminal who personally escorted through customs to the awaiting car. From that point on, it was first class all the way - I felt like a celebrity!I was assigned a wonderful Personal Assistant (butler) who anticipated my every need and gently ushered me to all my program's activities. The Estate is grand and fabulously designed (I loved the architecture and landscaping), so Agus helped me navigate the grounds. My room at Tejasuara was also stately and (magically straightened everytime I returned), and the all-natural mosquito repellent amenity allowed me to leave Bali unbitten and un-poisoned!The FOOD left me speechless...the seemingly small portions defy how robust and satisfying the flavors and quality ingredients are. I caught myself SAVORING every bite...whereas I usually rush through meals. If you get a massage, ask for Wati...she has magic fingers. And definitely take advantage of the (free for guests) hydrotherapy pool circuit training class.My favorite: The mosquito-net draped bale (pagoda) over the Ayung river. Bring a book...it's like floating on a bed overlooking heaven. Skip: The 'consultations' with the counselors...all very wonderful and nice people, but for $100/hr, I got more from my books on Law of Attraction.The 4 days/3 nights were pricey....but the serenity, pampering and escape from corporate job burnout....priceless.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>joeyjoey73
<Content>Would have been a 5-star experience, if not for the noisy local protesters Having just spent 4 days at the CSE for a destination wedding, I was honestly thrilled with the experience, save for a rather nasty feud going on with a local. A local villager makes it a habit of blasting Indonesian radio and repeatedly running a chain saw at early-morning hours, in an attempt to extort money out of the local hotels. The worst part: he ran the chainsaw during the wedding ceremony. Thank god the bride was a good sport, as many would have dissolved into tears at this audible intrusion. Apparently, this is a problem with several of the resorts in the Ubud area, including the Uma Ubud and the Four Seasons (as per the CSE management). Luckily, my residence was a bit removed from the source of the noise, but others in attendance (who paid top dollar for the experience) were not so lucky. It really is a shame, because other than this minor factor, what an amazing place the CSE is. I have never been in such a beautiful setting, and the staff was more than willing to meet any request. This is typically a healthy lifestyle-oriented resort, but the staff was more than accepting and accomodating of the weekend wedding revelers, many of whom were hell-bent on creating a 72-hour party. The food was top-notch across the board, and most recipes took advantage of local ingredients and cuisines. Make sure to make the trek down to The Source, it's well worth the 300+ steps down the side of the cliff. In all, I would highly recommend the CSE, but they really need to address the local protestor issue. Unfortunately, the resort is backed into a corner here, b/c if they do agree to accede (he probably wants a kickback) to his demands, he's just going to keep it up to get more $$, but he's also not going to stop until they address the issue. What to do, what to do....  
<Date>Oct 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>dormicom
<Content>beware! just returned from a destination-wedding at the como shambala. most important caveat: a neighboring land-owner has been engaged in a dispute w/ the resort for some time now, and DAILY blasts indonesian radio through giant speakers adjacent to the property. i was lucky enough to be in a room over a hill and safe from this noise pollution, but many friends were awakened every morning at 6am, and unable to return to sleep. the neighbor also uses an extremely loud chainsaw to disrupt any outdoor ceremony or activity. needless to say, the resort did NOT forewarn guests of this problem, so lots of disgruntled travellers. if you are planning to go, either insure that this war is over (though unlikely that you'll hear the truth if they didn't tell us), or insist upon a room on the river-side of the property, away from the noise.otherwise beautiful location, gorgeous weather, extremely kind people, great food, etc. pretty bumpy road in and out, so plan to spend most time on the compound, or be comfortable w/ 10mins of jarring roads in either direction.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>EINYC
<Content>Verging on Perfection We had 9 nights of our honeymoon at the Begawan.Setting of the whole estate is breath taking, the resort is simple but stylish, and comprehensive.We stayed in the master suite of the Fire residence. The room was huge, well appointed, comfortable and earthy without being basic. The outdoor terrace is great with a shower and personal jucuzzi. The view from the terrace/bed was over the river which was a pleasure to wake up to. The various soaps and bathroom condoments are great, to the point that we now make a regular pilgrimage to the Metropolitan in London to get all our soaps and mosisturisers, the smell reminding us of Begawan every day.We enjoyed the Spa, its a real hike down to it (the new one not being completed) via the fresh water rock pools which are so unique. The treatments are good in a traditional yet relaxing and pampering way.The staff are polite and if instructed, non intrusive, the head butler who regularly pops in to check you are ok was a pain but our residence butler was friendly, helpful, kind and fun.You need not leave your residence, the pool was peaceful, even at full occupancy, everyone keeps themselves to themselves and its non intrusive.Food is excellent, particularly breakie, the restaurants can be a little lacking on atmosphere but thats due to the quietness of the whole estate.Walks round the estate itself are lovely, its very established and private with fantastric views.Sure, its really expensive and in my view nothing could live up to that kind of room rate in an asian destination but this is as close as it gets.We will be returning soon.....  
<Date>Sep 12, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>spadream
<Content>Fabulous, Fabulous, Fabulous I have visited this property for many years and had heard it was undergoing a re-vamp which naturally worried me. No need. The upgrade in facilities is breath taking with the addition of a new pool, a hyrdo pool and some more spa rooms and so on. The same fantastic service is still there, same stunning location, same rooms but with more to do every day as well. They've got a program of activites now so you can do yoga or pilates or walk around the beautiful property with a guide. Really my wife and I had our best stay yet. We'll be back!  
<Date>Aug 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tikvica
<Content>nice, but not exquisite We stayed at |Begawan Giri, which is now part of Como Shambala group and it's called Como Shambala Estate, in august 2006. We stayed at Tirta Ening Master Suite which was beautiful - very big, very well designed, with a beautiful huge outdoor bathroom. The whole estate looks great, beautiful views, the stream, we had a view of a waterfall from our terrace.The activities were great, we took pilates and yoga and cycling (which is very advanced, don't get fooled by level 1 mark if you're not that fit, but if you are, don't miss it: it's a great exercise, many steep paths, beautiful nature and many things to see).i wasn't very happy with two things: the service and the spathe spa just doesn't have that look or feel - the massages are good, but there is no atmosphere that makes you relax: the spa rooms are not as nice as in most other asian hotels, not as intimate, no dimmed lights, elevator music, etc. you just don't get that feeling that you're being pampered. and i have one objection that may sound silly to some people, but i found it very irritating: they offer you ginger tea after the treatment, but it's sooooooo full of sugar and i love to have tea after treatment, but i don't like sugar in my tea. and when i asked for tea without sugar, they said they were sorry but there is none - there is one big thermos of already prepared tea and they just pour it for everyone when they're finished with their treatments.and the service... i can't say that they're not nice, or that they don't care, it's just that... something is missing. there's a personal assistant at your disposal all the time and he was great really, but he was around much. he just kept popping out of nowhere just so say hi. also, when we arrived, he spent about an hour with us, explaining, showing and chatting, but there was really no need for that, it could have been done in 5 minutes, and we kept giving signs that we would like to be alone and rest, but obviously they have instructions to be thourough and they have to follow them closely. also, there was no ashtray in the room when we arrived, so we asked for one, and he said he'd give us one but the management would prefer us not to smoke in the room! i think that was very rude, and also smoking was not allowed in any part of any restaurant, even though they were open air spaces. it's fine with me if somebody has a no smoking policy, but at least they should notify you about that when you're making a booking. the staff at the restaurant didn't know our names, which i don't mind, but i do mind if they keep calling us mr and mrs goldman and we keep saying that we're not mr and mrs goldman. it's not a nice feeling to be mixed up.i have to say that the food was very good, but i expected more of a personal touch: before you arrive they email you a questionnaire, which among other things has questions about food you like or dislike, or you're allergic to. i was very disappointed with the fact that i filled it up for nothing b/c nobody even looked at it, there was no personalized itinerary based upon it and no changes to the menu: i got really annoyed when i ordered a steak sandwich and it came with with beetroot all over it, and i specificaly said in the questionnaire, in cap letters that i cannot stand beetroot.there's a welness consultation that's a part of the package, and it's supposed to be held when you arrive so you can plan your activities once you've had it, but they were unable to book it until the third day of our stay! and we were there for five days. though i have to say that dr deepak deginal, who is an ayurvedic doctor, is wonderful and i really had a benefit of that conversation with him.one more thing happened that really put the dark light on our stay, b/c it happened the last day: we booked a breakfast the previous night and we said it's really important for it to be on time (since almost every previous room service order was at least 15 min late) b/c we had massage/acupuncture treatment booked and then we had to rush off to the airport. the breakfast was booked for 8:30. at 8:50 we called to see what's going on, and it was obvious they forgot about our breakfast. it arrived 15min later, and we had to cancel the treatments.overall, it was nice, but we probably won't be back - for that money it's always better to stay in aman  
<Date>Aug 26, 2006
<Rating>3	3	5	5	4	3	2	2	

<Author>Garonga
<Content>Eine Oase des Wellness   showReview(19002773, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>sabishi68
<Content>Diese Hotel vergisst man niemals   showReview(13004717, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>格があります   showReview(19913513, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Stéphanielp
<Content>Merveuilleux, fabuleux, paradisiaque       Spa near the river (Spa près de la rivière)  
<Date>Sep 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

