<Author>golflover26
<Content>Very good alternative We stayed for one night at this hotel and we were very pleased with it. We got an excellent rate through Hotels.com.The room was very spacious, very clean, we loved the balcony, and the lobby bar with live music. The taff was very friendly indeed.The previous review to this one from a visitor from Canada depicts very well this hotel.It will definitely be our first choice for any stay in San Juan in the future.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>shermanCanada
<Content>Friendly Puerto Rico First time in Puerto Rico. Air Port was modern , clean and the staff was helpful and efficient. We stayed at the Radisson September 18 - 25 2008, room 240. The room was modern and clean. The staff was courteous and helpful. Housekeeping did a great job of cleaning up after us every day; they were friendly and eager to make our stay enjoyable. Every room has a balcony so it makes it easy to sit outside to have a smoke, there is no smoking anywhere. The pool on the roof of the Hotel was clean and the water was warm, the beach within one block was clean and safe for swiming. There are lots of Restaurants within easy walking distance from the Hotel. The buses are free and are easy to get to all the points of interest, no need to rent a car. There are 3 Casinos within easy walking distance from the Hotel. We have been to many Islands in the Caribbean and Puerto Rico is one of the cleanest, friendliest Islands we have been too and there are lots of Poice to make you feel safe. We would go back and yes we would stay again at the Radisson.Rick  Carol Stinson, Hamilton Ontario, Canada.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Tortravelers
<Content>Great hotel, wonderful experience We have just returned from a week at the Radisson. We stayed 6 days 5 nights for our 20th wedding anniversary. The hotel is great and the service excellent. Everything was very clean and the staff is friendly, helpful and courteous. The pool, the gym and the casino were our favorite places. The food was excellent as well as the entertainment. The hotel is located close to many stores and the Old San Juan. Transportation is available all the time. We stayed at other Radisson's (no need to mention the States) before but this is the best one. Overall I would say this is probably the best hotel we have ever stayed in and we'll most likely come back again!  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mcc1422
<Content>Great Experience at the Radisson Read a lot of the reviews about the Radisson in San Juan, P.R. and many were negative. I got a great rate through Priceline for two rooms at $80.00 per night for each room. We were travelling with two friends and were looking for a nice motel at a good rate, since it was in the low season.Although apprehensive due to many of the reviews I had read about the hotel, I made up my mind to take them at face value and be open minded and not have unrealistic expectations. Boy was I pleasantly surprised!*Check-In was seemless and smooth. The clerk could not have been more kind, professional, or nice.*They up-graded us to mini-suites complete with a separate sitting room with an extra T.V. and bar area with a dorm fridge.* Housekeeping was wonderful-greeted us each morning as we were leaving and even wished us well on our last night and said goodbye due to she was going to be off on the day we were departing.*My room card got de-activated and I called from our friends room and maintenance came immediately and tried their master key to see if it was the lock and went down and personally got me new room key cards.*Hotel management staff were present each time walking the floors when we were leaving and returning to the hotel. They were obviously inspecting all areas of the hotel.*Beach was only 1 city block away!*Many great restaurants were within walking distance to the hotel. *Parking was plentiful- never had a hard time finding a place to park.*Upon leaving, we realized that we had left our backpack in the parking lot and we immediately called the hotel and they already had it at the front desk. *Would I stay there again- absolutely!Go to Fajardo and do the snorkeling excursion on the Traveler catamaran. The crew was awesome and it was the highlight of our trip. There was two other companies that were at each of the two locations that we sailed to. These take you to the bluest waters you will ever see.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jameskwebber
<Content>Radisson Ambassador - Puerto Rico Organized a group of 14 to stay in 7 rooms at the Radisson Ambassador Hotel in Puerto Rico. Was disappointed that none of the rooms were available for check in at the designated check in time. Had to wait approximately 3 hours for the first room to become available and 5 hours for the final room to become avaialble.The hotel lobby could not accomodate the crowd waiting to check in and the staff was less then helpful with the numerous complaints from other guests checking in.Location is pretty decent, but does not look like the photo on the website. The beach that is close to the hotel can be accessed by a narrow street behind the hotel, but is not worth visiting due to the jagged rocks/trash on the beach. Be prepared to walk a few blocks down to get to the better portion of the beach.Plenty of good restaurants within walking distance and plenty of cabs out front willing to take you where ever you need.Overall, would stay again for the lower price.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>Juanita1913
<Content>I'm ambivalent about the Radisson San Juan Pros: 2 blocks to the Beach, In-house Casino, Shopping, Local restaurants or US chains (think Wendys, Starbucks, Subway, Chili's...). The neighborhood (Condado) is a mix of residential and small businesses, so it was well-lit and I felt safe walking around with my trip mate. Taxi's are ALWAYS available at the hotel and it's close to San Juan (10 min cab ride). The room itself was large and a bit outdated, but clean. The air conditioning worked GREAT (we like it very cold) and it came with free high-speed. I also had a balcony and could see the beach, which was nice. CONS: Food throughout hotel was average, at best. The Casino is kind of small - there's a much better casino at the Marriott next door. Housekeeping was SLOW and they never serviced our room before noon. Oh and expect the ridiculous resort taxes (charged in addition to the room rate and state). I'm not sure if I would return to the Radisson. Got a great rate through priceline but I think we'll try somewhere on the Isla Verde side next time. It's definitely a great option for the budget friendly traveler or even pre-cruise stays, but I would reconsider if you plan to stay for longer than that.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	4	2	-1	

<Author>traveljunky81
<Content>A little pricy Good place to stay, clean and air conditioned. Decent service, price was a little steep but not overly compared to others in the area. Paid $300 for 4 people.  
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	-1	2	

<Author>KC_FLA
<Content>A great hotel if it was under $100 a night Service wise it was better then the Radisson in Melbourne Florida. San Juan had bell man and concierge in the lobby to help out. Our room had a view of the street and we kept hearing a banging noise from (maybe) the water pipes. We were able to tolerate it but it could definitely drive many guests crazy. There are also balcony rooms on the other side that overlook the parking lot and we wish we had gotten one of those.Entertainment wise it was great. The casino is there. They do deal Blackjack a little bit weird here. They had a lounge with Salsa music both nights that we were there. If you like to dance with an older crowd, this is the place.Take the elevator ride to the rooftop pool it is pretty cool. No good views from this hotel. It is blocked from the beach by other buildings.The restaurant was overpriced and not much better then a sports bar. Wander a block down the street to much better restaurants.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	3	5	3	3	4	

<Author>JustinTravels
<Content>Decent location; average Hotel..Some staff issues.. I have stayed here a few times for business/pleasure combo.. Not my first choice. Location is decent but a bit further down the Ashford strip than I like to be ( towards the lagoon and first few blocks there are better: Condado Plaza/Marriott,etc).. A lot of Airline Crews stay here (which tells you its budget minded) and you will see a lot of them. Room was a little vintage, but comfortable. Not great views in comparison with other properties.. Three of us were literally locked in the Hot Tub on the roof at 'closing' of the pool. The Security Guard SAW us, walked past us, said nothing, and locked the doors back to the elevators. The only way to get back in to the hotel was to go thru a Wedding Reception room (in progress with a wedding recep) and exit the other side, in our bathing suits and towels!.. Then, the security man there didn't want us to do it and disturb the reception and held us at bay in the corridor for almost an hour!! We eventually pushed him aside and went thru the reception anyway. Absolutely ridiculous and unprofessional. Otherwise, an okay, safe property.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	3	1	3	

<Author>Selkie211
<Content>Worst Radisson I've Ever Seen I can't believe Radisson puts its name on this hotel. Most of the reception people are barely cordial and gave us wrong directions twice, though the telephone operators are very kind and helpful. The rooms are very dirty, wtih stained carpeting. The bathroom floors do not look as if they are washed but only swept. Towels are rough and cheap. There is good entertainment in the casino bar, but in that tiny place, the music is cranked up so loud that it hurts your ears. The place is set up very disjointedly, one elevator was out of service the whole week, the restaurant is down in a basement without windows, etc. Messages were delivered wrong. The water has a terrible chemical smell. Shower leaked and barely put out water. There was always a loud clanking in the wall whenever we used the water. This is definitely not up to Radisson standards, and I have stayed at several places in San Juan that were much nicer than this.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	1	1	

<Author>ebethOH
<Content>OK Hotel - Great Location! I just got back from a week long stay at the Radisson San Juan. I had read some bad reviews here and was slightly nervous about my pick but overall the hotel was just what I expected it to be!The taxi from the airport was $16. We checked in at the lower lobby without a problem. We had read that we could check in upstairs at the Ambassador Club but it wasn鈥檛 busy so we didn鈥檛 have to worry about that.We had a one bedroom suite in the Ambassador Club. The living room had a seating area, desk, TV, sink, and small fridge. The bedroom had a sleep number bed and another TV. The bathroom was a decent size. We never had turn down service with chocolates or the robes that are advertised but I didn鈥檛 bother asking for these services. From our balcony we could see the ocean in a couple spots and actually could see the ocean from our bed. The d茅cor was not fancy at all but all I was looking for was a somewhat roomy place to stay in close to Old San Juan with a refrigerator. The hotel was pretty clean.The nightly happy hour is from 5:30-8:30 with some appetizers 鈥?cheese, veggies, small sandwiches and a hot breaded ham and cheese something. The drinks are on an honor system so you pour them yourselves and record what you drink. The manager鈥檚 special is on Thursday from 5-8pm (the book in the room says it鈥檚 on Wednesday). Free drinks and about twice as much food including a pasta dish and salmon pieces. This was the one time we saw the Ambassador Club crowded! We just came back from the beach and were the most down dressed people there! The continental breakfast in the Ambassador Club included cold cereal, fresh fruit, cooked oatmeal, bagels, and muffins. There鈥檚 a coffee machine with good cappuccinos and lattes! The deal I booked on Radisson鈥檚 website included two eggs cooked any way and choice of breakfast meat. The two desk clerks I talked to didn鈥檛 know what I was talking about. I probably could have talked to a manager but instead I called my travel agent and she straightened everything out for us. Somehow it got us access to the full buffet (which cost $13) in the Grill which was pretty good. It annoyed me that the deal that was advertised was difficult to get. Remember to PRINT out a copy for your records 鈥?and to prove to the hotel workers what you are supposed to get!The pool at the roof level was pretty cool! We took towels from the pool area with us to the beach multiple days. The lounge bar had people in it most every night. There was live entertainment every evening. Apparently this is where locals come for a casino and entertainment.There isn鈥檛 a concierge in the hotel which disappointed me. The operator, Mannie, was helpful with restaurant ideas and provided a map with many restaurants and other businesses listed on it. There was also a tour desk which was manned by a Sunshine tour representative. We booked a tour through the rep to the BioBay in Fajardo. We were transported to Fajardo in a 15 person van and kayaked thru mangroves to a lagoon. Here the little critters in the water glow when disturbed! Very cool!The thing I liked the best about this hotel was it鈥檚 LOCATION!!! The Condado area was a great place to be for a week. We tried three different beaches within walking distance of this hotel and each one was better than the next. The small beach which is the closest was the first one we hit. Pretty rocky and very small. The next beach we went to was about a mile walk away on Ashford Ave, the Condado Bridge Beach. There were rocks blocking the waves from the beach and made the beach very calm. There was a bit of seaweed farther into the bay but a great beach with plenty of water to play in. We rented beach chairs for $4 each and had a great afternoon here. The last beach we went to was by the Marriott. We accessed the beach on the street just past the Marriott. It was a nice long beach with fun waves. Rented beach chairs here for $3 each. This was the best beach of the three we went to. The restaurants in Condado were also great! We went to Yerba Buena (good mojitos), and Mmmo鈥檚 Argentinan Grill (try the combo that includes eight types of meats 鈥?and the sangria was great!), and Danny鈥檚 International Caf茅 (good pizza). We also went to Bangkok Bombay (a Thai  Indian place), and Ikakos (great seafood). My favorite restaurant was Bebo鈥檚. It鈥檚 a place where the locals go and looks like a big cafeteria. The Mofongo here was awesome! Mofongo is mashed plantain with seafood or chicken mixed in. All these restaurants were no more than a 10 minute walk away from the Radisson. There is also a Burger King, Subway and Starbucks close by for those that want familiar food. We couldn鈥檛 find too much nightlife in this area but Old San Juan is only a $12 cab ride away and it sounded like there was tons of nightlife there. Condado is a mostly residential location. There are more condos than hotel rooms in this area. It was great eating outside a restaurant and seeing people walking their dogs, going for a run (lots of runners), or taking the baby for a walk. There were only a couple of panhandlers and they weren鈥檛 bothersome at all. I felt very safe walking along Ashford Ave all day and night. I am most definitely going back to San Juan and plan to stay in the Condado area. I might stay in the Radisson if a good deal is being offered. All in all the Radisson is a decent, basic hotel. It was clean, the people working were nice enough, the hotel bar had entertainment every night, the breakfast was OK and the pool was cool. The Radisson is NOT a resort! Do NOT expect bend over backwards treatment. Do NOT expect fancy rooms. If your expectations are a basic hotel room in a great area with close access to the beach then you鈥檒l be fine here!  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>tainok
<Content>Great stay!! Me and my friends were visiting Puerto Rico for the Fisrt time. We were going for a three day concert Of Olga Tanon. The Hotel was ncie, since we had an ambasaddors room we had to check in the Penthouse upstairs. That was not an issue , the receptionists did not greet us with a smile nothing, seemed like she was bored of her job. But it was ok checking in, like 5 minutes. our room was in the 6 floor. when the elveator open it was a beautiful grand entrance, i liked the room very much, it had a small fridge too. The balcony was nice but i wished the view was to the beach its not but the great thing about it around the corner two blocks away is access to a beautiful beach. room serice came everyday, we had towels , water, and chocolates everyday. on the street were the hotel is ashford avenue tehre is alot of restaurants and nightlife there. Really nice. I had no problems throughout my stay.The pool upstaris is nice and there are chairs and free towels, also the business center is very accesible. teh view form the top is great...I would recommend  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	3	5	5	

<Author>Iflyforfun
<Content>Great Location but Choose Another Hotel My husband and I stayed here before a flight to Dominica earlier this year. The location was outstanding but the hotel itself left room for much improvement. Based on the physical structure of the building we assumed it was not constructed to be a Radisson. It has an overall feeling of 鈥渄isjointedness鈥? The taxi dropped us at the entrance to the hotel which is actually on the side of the building. There was no one to greet us and help with luggage. This would present a problem for older guests or people with disabilities. The lobby entrance is dark, thick with cigarette smoke and generally feels dreary.We paid for Ambassador鈥檚 Club level services and it was a waste of money. The room itself was average and the bathroom was tiny. However, on the plus side, the Sleep Number bed was outstanding. We were supposed to have complimentary bathrobes and had to call for them. Another service we paid for was nightly turndown service which we never received. The room safe did not work properly so we requested service. The 鈥渆xpert鈥?came and whatever he did left the safe still not working. Hot breakfast was supposedly included with the cost of the room; it was not.The hotel is constructed in such a way that many things simply do not 鈥渇low鈥?physically. One selling point for the Ambassador鈥檚 Club is private check-in and check-out but this is done on the top floor of a separate tower. The swimming pool and billiards room are also located in a separate tower. We expected that at the very least they would provide a written explanation of where things were located on the property but that didn鈥檛 happen. This made for a frustrating stay to say the least.Overall, we felt we paid far too much money for what we received. We鈥檝e stayed at much cheaper hotels with nicer accommodations and better service. Checkout was a zoo and the clerk was not the least bit concerned that we were dissatisfied. We were scheduled to stay at the Radisson on our way back from Dominica but changed our hotel.Completely separate from the Radisson, the location is outstanding. There are several stores and some great restaurants within walking distance 鈥?be sure to check out Yerba and the Asian Fusion restaurant down the street. The local bus (Number 21) costs only 75 cents and goes to Old San Juan. If you feel like walking about an hour, you can walk to Old San Juan. The beach is a couple of blocks from the hotel.We strolled along the main street at night and never felt threatened in terms of safety. There were always tourists and joggers out and about. We do not recommend the Radisson but do highly recommend this area of San Juan.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>2	1	3	5	4	3	1	-1	

<Author>Strian
<Content>You could do better.... We stayed here for one night prior to a cruise out of San Juan. I have stayed in various Radisson hotels on business over the years, but this one really does not fully measure up to their usual standards.We arrived quite late on a flight from Atlanta, together with about 25 others. It took well over an hour to get checked in. Despite knowing that they had a lot of late-evening arrivals (they acknowledged this), there was only one person plus a junior/trainee on reception. There were however plenty staff in the casino - maybe this says something about their priorities.The rooms and public areas are fine, if a little jaded and careworn. Service was generally poor - there were not nearly enough staff covering breakfast so tables were not being cleared to make way for new arrivals - who had either to stand and wait, or start clearing tables themselves . But the real kicker was that they completely ran out of clean cutlery and started handing out sets of cheap plastic cutlery!! This is not the Radisson standard that I am used to. In summary - fine for one night if you have to, but at this price you could do a lot better - there is no excuse for inadequate service at this level of hotel.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	1	1	3	

<Author>BHL
<Content>Okay, But Ready To Try Someplace Else I stayed here for six nights in February '08. I booked my reservation directly with the hotel and had a suite on a concierge floor. Part of the attraction was that the package included complimentary continental breakfast, and also an honor bar/happy hour. When I arrived for check-in, I was told I that because I had an Ambassador Club reservation, I should check in upstairs in the club, located on the penthouse level. Unfortunately, I wasn't directed to the proper elevator bank, so it took me a while to find the right place. There a woman was waiting with the key to my room. I'd been told downstairs that she would explain all of the amenities due to me, but she had little to say, and only answered my questions with as short a reply as she could muster. Not my best first impression. Also, it seemed counter-productive to send me up to the penthouse to check in, only to have to go back downstairs to my room, all the while toting my luggage. I stayed in a mini-suite on the 7th floor. The living room had a TV, desk and chair, two arm chairs with an ottoman, a fridge and wet bar with a complimentary bottle of water. The front room had no windows and was rather dark, but the bedroom was bright and sunny, with ocean views off the balcony, another TV, a loveseat, a king-sized sleep number bed, and plenty of storage space. I found the decor rather staid, though, brown tweeds and greens, not the brighter, more tropical color scheme I would have expected. Nevertheless, everything was clean and seemed to be in working order, and I loved sitting on the balcony in the evenings listening to the sound of the coqui.It was convenient having plenty of cabs lined up outside the hotel whenever I needed to go anywhere. There are plenty of restaurants of a nice variety within walking distance, and Ashford Avenue is sort of the main drag in Condado for restaurants. However, if you're looking for souvenir shops this is not the place to be. The beach is only about a block and a half away, but there were high surf warning signs posted, and I saw only a few people on the sand. Also, the winds were so strong it was almost unpleasant to be down there. I tried the happy hour the first night. You fill out your own bill, which then gets added to your room charge. The bar is moderately stocked, and it's all do-it-yourself. Mixed drinks were somewhere around $4.25, but I paid $2.25 just for a small bottle of ginger ale. The hors d'oeuvre were nothing to write home about: some cheese cubes with crackers, crudites, and one hot dish of sliced sausages with onions. The continental breakfast the next morning was slightly better appointed, with fruit, hot  cold cereals, yogurt, breads and pastries. However, I didn't take advantage of either service after the first time.When I wanted a heartier breakfast I ate in the Ambassador Grill, which is only reached by going all the way downstairs and crossing over to a separate elevator that only takes you there. They have a pretty comprehensive breakfast buffet for something like $12.95. I went to happy hour at the grill once as well. It's 2-for-1, and on Thursdays it's ladies' night at the lobby bar, where ladies drink free. We tried to go there, but the live entertainment was so loudly horrendous that we retreated to the calmer environs of the restaurant. I wasn't impressed with any of the live entertainment I saw during my stay there, although the small lobby lounge was always full. A better choice is to go to the Marriott in Condado. On Saturday nights they have live salsa and merengue bands in the Lobby Lounge, and huge bar area as soon as you enter the property. Drinks and entertainment were much better than at the Radisson, and it's only about a 5-10 minute walk away.I found the staff friendly enough and very responsive the couple of times I called upon them, other than the woman working in the Ambassador Club. I also had turndown service in the evenings. My only complaints were that the elevators really did not work well. The one in the restaurant refused to go down one day when I was on it. When I went back to the hostess station to report it, she didn't seem surprised at all, and directed me out through a back way. Also, the single elevator that served the tower in which I was staying would often balk before it would finally go downstairs. Also, while my friend on the 8th floor said she couldn't hear a thing in her regular room, there was this annoying noise coming from either upstairs or next door to my room the entire time I was there, at all hours. So that, combined with the fact that I couldn't seem to identify my sleep number, led to some restless nights.I would recommed this hotel, but not overly enthusiastically. I am already planning another trip back, but this time plan to stay in Old San Juan. That's where I ended up taking cabs to most of the time, and at $12 a pop I figure I might as well stay down there next time.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>Ducksoop
<Content>Just okay       View from balcony -- and it was LOUD!  
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>6558
<Content>Just ok We stayed one night pre cruise. Fine hotel for one night, but no more. Front desk staff rude. I had a regular room reserved and wanted to see about upgrading to their club level. All I got out of my mouth was any chance to get a room on the club level. I couldn't even finish saying I would pay to upgrade. He must have thought I wanted to get the upgrade for free. Immediately he spit out NO. They were not sold out, had plenty of rooms open as a met someone later that night that book a room off the street on the club level. They advertise sleep number beds in all rooms. That is a lie. Only the suites have them. Our room faced the burger king and we could here the drive through window orders while sitting on the balcony. Only one elevator worked. Drinks in casino bar were expensive. I don't mind paying, but not $8.50 per drink in a plastic cup with hardly any booze in it. Starbucks is close by and a few restaurants. Beach is a block away, however not very good. Only about 10 minuted ride to old san juan. Plenty of Cabs waiting outside.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	3	3	1	2	-1	

<Author>MA99
<Content>Perfect for One Night We stayed here pre-cruise one night - 24 of us total. Not badfor one night. We ate at the grill for lunch - food and priceswere good! Rooftop pool was nice we actually all hung outthere at night and ordered pizza. This hotel is in the heartof the San Juan and honestly not in the best area especiallyat night. Lots of homeless people right outside hotel. Poolwas chilly - not many enjoying it - surprising because air tempwas so hot 86. Check in/out was a breeze - just not sure Iwould stay more than one night. They had some problemswith there sewer because the a.m. we were checking out,they were attempting to clean/air out. The smell was horrendous.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	2	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Ronboman59
<Content>Great Hotel for Business Travelers and Fun Seekers       View Toward Ocean from Pool  
<Date>Dec 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>KAlice
<Content>Exactly what we expected We spent a night here before cruising out of San Juan and this hotel fit the bill perfectly. We got a great rate for two rooms on Priceline, and had absolutely no complaints about the experience. It was a relatively short and reasonably priced taxi ride from the airport, and the staff checked us in promptly. The rooms were ample, beds comfortable, and bathrooms entirely what we would expect from a reputable hotel chain: granite, nice towels, toiletries, etc. Overall, no complaints, and a great value via Priceline. The only downside was that the neighborhood isn't particulary interesting - you'll find a Burger King, Walgreens, and Starbucks all within one or two blocks. Convenient, but not particularly charming.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>here2help
<Content>Great Ambassador Club Room for cheap We were overnighting in San Juan before catching a flight. We just needed a nice place to stay so we used Priceline to bid. Wow did we luck out. Not only a room at the nice Radisson for $90 but an Ambassador Club Room! We were on the 7th floor, right next to the elevator and ice machine, convenient location and no noise at all. The room was as expected for the hotel rating. Comfortable and clean. Cable internet. Room service was a wee bit slow.The roof top pool was a nice place to relax. The water too cold for me to enjoy but that didn't stop others. Towel supply ran out but were delivered not too long after requested. There is a gym work out room on the roof top also.The Ambassador Club Lounge, adjacent to the pool area, was very comfortable and had snacks, honor bar, coffee dispensers and such. Not the best Club Lounge, but not at all bad. They had a business center with high speed computer and printer. I was the only one in the room, there were several other computers, all in private cubicles.The hotel location was near good restaurants, the beach and small shops. For $0.75 we took bus #21 to Old San Juan. The taxi is $15.This area of town was enjoyable.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	3	3	4	3	3	

<Author>TamishaPorter
<Content>What a night!!! I am very dissapointed in my stay at the Radisson Ambassador. I've stayed their before and I've always been pleased with each and every stay however, this stay was ridiculous. I checked in around 5:30 p.m. and was given room 236. From the time I came, there were men running up and down the corridors laughing and running up the hallways. I figure that there was a bachelor party going on. I still thought it was inappropriate for them to put us on a floor with them (It was me and my kids). Nevertheless, I assume the noise was going to quell as night became morning. At five o'clock in the morning, my son was woked up by a loud nock on our door. He told me that he was unable to get any sleep because there were noise all night and the loud nocking on the door scared him. I am a travel agent, and before I recommend a property I usually evaluate them. After this weekend, I give Radisson Ambassador 2 1/2 stars.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>time2play
<Content>Almost exceptional Stayed at this hotel and my expierence was almost perfect. First off I want to say that the front desk check in clerk Rene Vargas was absolutely exceptional. We had arrived early but he was able to get us a room while providing exceptionally friendly fast service. A+++ to that guy! Just a few things... The safe was not set upon arrival and had no instructions how to use it. It took several calls to get someone up to my room to get the safe working. Secondly the room faced the Burger King which totally sucked because 90% of the reason I stayed at this hotel was because it had a balcony... You could not really sit on the balcony without having the Burger King exhaust blowing in your direction. Lastly, I was quoted 18% tax but that has changed to 22% PLUS $5 per person per day tax for ??? It wasnt the worst thing in the world but it really seems high especially since when I called the hotel about it they didnt seem to know what exactly these charges were. I still give the hotel an excellent rating for service  cleanliness and Rene Vargas is the perfect person to have greeting guests!  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>SINABUNS78
<Content>Wonderful Wonderful Wonderful!!! Okay we went to Puerto Rico for a short stay 2 nights 3 days! And I roomed with two other extremely picky people so I prayed that the negative reviews that I have read were wrong! And honestly they were!!! None of the other two roommates had even one single complaint and the housekeeping staff actually cleaned unlike other hotels I have stayed at! They were helpful with directions and especially in choices on were to eat! Check out Bebos and ESPECIALLY the famous Parrot Club in Old San Juan.....you will not believe your eyes or taste buds! 6 Thumbs way up Radisson you did good! Now my friends will trust me to book all of our trips....I just hope the next hotels don't dissappoint me!  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Su2116
<Content>Great for business travelers I recently returned from a week's long stay at the Radisson Ambassador on a business trip. The hotel really exceeded my expectations. I had an Executive Suite, which had a living room area with a desk/chair, tv, small refridgerator, microwave, and sink. There is a small grocery store a couple of doors down from the hotel where I purchased food and drinks that I kept in the fridge. The free broadband internet access made doing my work very easy.The bedroom had a Sleep Number Bed, tv, large closet  dresser. I had a view of the beach from my balcony. The bathroom was large and clean and a fresh bathrobe was brought every day. The entire staff was friendly and more than accomodating. I stayed over the weekend and booked a great snorkeling trip through the tour desk at the hotel.I used the pool and the gym on the roof. Both are small, but adequate. I did not use the Ambassador's Club or the business center. I ate in the Ambassador Grill a couple of times and the food was good. There were always plenty of taxis waiting outside the hotel to take me wherever I needed to go. There are tons of great restaurants within walking distance of the hotel (as well as a 24-hr Walgreens  Starbucks). My only complaint is that the elevator service was a bit erratic.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>lieberums
<Content>A+ Visit! We stayed here as part of a package. The hotel/casino is in Condado, conveniently located to lots of tourist stops and within a very short walking distance to the beach and other hotel casinos; plus, it's easy to find. The property is lovely, and the customer service is simply terrific. Our room was comfortable and clean, with a sleep number bed and a balcony as bonuses for us. The staff is very friendly and hospitable in the hotel services areas (front desk, housekeeping, valet), casino, and restaurant. The people of Puerto Rico are so sweet and humble in their pride of their homeland, with lots of people giving us their wishes to enjoy their little island. We went to several other hotel/casinos during our stay, and definitely thought the Radisson had the most fun atmosphere--clean, friendly, lively, no waiting on drinks (or the yummy little warm sandwiches provided in casinos!), and great live music was playing every night, with dancing in the bar and foyer--so festive! There is a lot of saving of slot machines here and in every casino, but that's just the way it works down there and should just be accepted as part of the culture. The drink system is a little different, too, with the waitstaff appearing to obtain some kind of permission or voucher from the pit bosses; a player's card will ensure free drinks, but otherwise, I'd say you should probably let the pit boss know you're a hotel guest. Our stay at the Radisson definitely contributed to us having a wonderful trip to this beautiful island, which is American enough to be comfortable and Latin enough to be different and exotic.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>TCP64079
<Content>Choose Another Hotel I just returned from a few nights at the Radisson. If you want or need to stay in the Condado area of San Juan, I would not recommend the Radisson.Three weeks before arrival, I specifically requested a room AWAY from the elevators and ice machine (noise factor). Upon arrival at the front desk, I again asked for a room away from the elevators and ice machine. The clerk made no comment. Well, sure enough, when I got to my room (531) after check-in, what did I find. The hotel was not nearly full, but my room was directly across from the elevator and the ice machine backed against my wall. The view was of the rooftop air conditioners on the 4th floor. I just said to myself to forget it and if it gets too bad, I will demand to be moved,The remote control to the television did not work, so I had to call and have it replaced. The room safe was locked and I called the desk to have someone to come up and open it - that never happened!Overall, the nights in the room were quiet enough so I did not complain about it anymore. However, upon checkout, I mentioned that I had wanted to use my room safe, but it was locked and no one ever came to open it. I was THEN told that the safe in the room was broken and didn't work. I thought that was unacceptable - to have a broken room safe in a casino hotel. (A very dirty casino I might add.)I will not stay at this hotel again. I would highly recommend paying a few dollars more (if any) and stay just down the street at the Marriott. The hotel and grounds there are beautiful.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	3	2	2	2	3	

<Author>OrganmanBrooklyn_NY
<Content>Nothing special This hotel is not really too bad, but the hotel workers are incompetant. The front desk manager Ayende is unaccomodating. The two people who apologized for the runaround we had to endure was the bell boy and Rene. The rest of the staff, Jennifer, and the very incompetant Negron were the worst. The rooms are nothing to write home about. If you need to spend more than a day in San Juan, don't do it here. This place is a disgrace to the Radisson name.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	4	3	1	1	5	

<Author>luna6373
<Content>nice hotel stayed at this great hotel for 7 days with my partner and felt welcomed and spoiled by the staff ! was impressed with the hotel.and the hotel staff they where proffesional,very nice and attentive to our needs. had a nice clean room with a great view off the balconey.stayed on the club floor with turn down service. it was a great treat to come back to my room after a long day and have the room freshend up with a chocolate on my pillow.the house keeping staff where so outgoing and friendly and very attentive to all our needs. the pool on the roof was awsome with great 360 views of the greater san juan area close to the beach close to stores resturants and public transit they have a casino and a little nite club on the premises and a rent a car depote as well.only 20 minutes to old san juan via the bus.just in front of the hotel. i love this place cant wait to go back its as close as youll get to being home lots of great memories here thanks........  
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	5	3	

<Author>Sista_Traveler
<Content>I loved this place!! This is one of the best hotels I have ever stayed in. I was there in San Juan on Business and the hotel staff made it a pleasure to be a guest in the hotel. Checking in was easy and on the floor where I checked in was the executive lounge. There were ample snacks and drinks and the liounge was large eough to proviode my cient and me some privacy. there is a big elevison in the lounge and a nice pool right outside the lounge. The maid service was excellent. I received turn down service every night, which was such a treat. Parking was ample.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>siciligirl
<Content>Wonderful stay coming back I was so happy with my stay there the pool on the roof the service especially front desk manager Abraham outstanding I'M so satifsy going back there again in feb 2008 just one bad thing hertz rent a car very poor service also ambassador grill food and service horrible waiting 2 hours for our burger nasty waiter but hotel excellent by the way I got best tan on that roof top pool puerto rico is beautiful I WILL BE BACK THANK YOU CARMELA LOPRESTI  
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>shoegal1
<Content>Fine for an overnight stay Stayed here for one night before joining our cruise ship. We arrived at 1am- air con was blissfully cold but check in was painfully slow. We were the first in line and it still took just over 15 minutes. People at the back of the line told us it took them over 90 minutes- not what you need after you've been travelling for nearly 24 hours. Hotel itself was a little gaudy- tackily decorated and not exactly stylish or modern. However, rooms were fine and the beds were very comfortable- had a great nights sleep. The pool on the roof top seemed nice enough- clean with plenty of sunbeds.I wouldnt choose this hotel again if I had a choice but if you have already booked then there's nothing to worry about.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	1	3	-1	

<Author>happywhilewaiting
<Content>It's nice...no worries We arrived at the hotel on a Saturday about 1045a. The hotel lobby was packed. It took us over 30 minutes to be helped and then had to wait another 30 minutes for a bellboy to store our luggage until the room was ready. I will say in their defense a cruise ship had just arrived back in port. But, they only had 1 front desk guy working and only 2 bellboys.While we waited for our room we headed up to the pool on the roof. It's small, but very nice and clean. Plenty of chairs and they even provided towels. We enjoyed the time just basking in the sun and relaxing.We got our room around 330p and we pleasantly surprised by what we saw. For a standard hotel room it was huge. We even had a balcony. The view was of the Burger King next door, but when you're a smoker any balcony is good.The hotel is not right on the beach, but it's not a far walk. There's plenty of restaurants close by. And about 3 doors down is a market.We did visit the casino. It's totally non-smoking. For most that would be great, but for a smoker it was annoying. Be advised that in San Juan EVERYONE saves seats at the casino. Not only do you see tons of machines with no one there, but the cards still in or the chair tilted up. But, most people play two machines at once. So, good luck finding a machine to actually play. Overall, I thought the Radisson was nice. I wouldn't stay a week here on vacation, but for 1 or 2 nights it's fine.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>deebrant
<Content>Great Stay! We stayed here from March 8th - 16th. Our hotel from view from the little balcony we had was of Burger King...No big deal to us because we weren't planning on staying in the hotel much besides to sleep and shower. The employees were great! We had so many questions on things to do, places to eat, and fun places to be at night and they gave us very helpful hints. The breakfast buffet was like any other hotels buffet in the US. It had eggs, pancakes, yogurt, fruit, juice, toast, bagels, coffee, milk, and more. The beds were fine and believe me I've stayed in many hotel beds that were worse than this one. If you get a suite you get sleep numbers. Yes, there was renovation at the hotel, but you have to remember any hotel is going to have renovation in order to keep it up to date a, customers happy, and looking great! The area around the pool was getting worked on, but not the whole thing. It didn't really bother a group of 8 girls that were there for spring break. Overall I would reccommend this hotel to other people traveling in Puerto Rico. We had a great time...if it didn't meet our expectations we wouldn't have stayed there for 8 nights!  
<Date>Mar 21, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dimples_vi
<Content>Horrible The Radisson Ambassador Plaza Hotel  Casino San Juan is the worst hotel that I have ever stayed in. To start off the front desk agents were very unfriendly and unprofessional. The only person that gave us a warm welcome was the bell boy. The Buffet Breakfast was terrible. The same old thing everyday that gave us GAS the first time we ate it. The hotel is being renovated and when I booked my room, no one at the hotel told me that there will be renovations being done. This was so deceiving. The walls for the floor that I was staying on were a complete mess. The whole hotel had a foul smell. And let鈥檚 not talk about the bed. The bed was as hard as a piece of ply wood board. The television had a loud buzzing sound coming from it. One of our phone jacks was damaged and hanging out of the wall. The towels were smelly and old. Oh and there is no lobby, no where for you to sit and wait for your taxi. My goodness, I have never stayed at a hotel like this in my life. I will not suggest that anyone to stay at this piece of crap. It is not worth the money at all. Oh and to top it off the Pool had caution Tape around it. This was so tacky and disgraceful. This hotel is crap, please do not stay here. I advise anyone to stay at the Holiday Inn Express over this so call 3.5 star hotel. The Holiday Inn Express is right down the street and it is way cheaper and believe me you get better service.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	1	3	1	

<Author>lumisan1963
<Content>Good Experience. Will Come Again       View from the street  
<Date>Feb 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	3	5	

<Author>Tfish
<Content>Better than expected Better than expected for the money. ($130 on Hotwire)Upgraded us to renovated Club section.Suited us fine for a pre-cruise hotel.Would stay again for the rate  
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	3	4	3	4	

<Author>Andreari
<Content>Had a wonderful time! My husband and I stayed at the Radisson for one week on our 2 week honeymmon to Puerto Rico. Originally we were assigned to a room on the 4th floor, but the lock to the door was broken, so we were upgraded to a room on the second-to last floor (at the top). The room was extremely clean, there was a small fridge, microwave, a sitting area, a small balcony (overlooking burger king), and a nice very nice and big bathroom. We enjoyed the pool on the top floor (wasn't very busy) and the hotel staff was extremely friendly. Didn't have food at the hotel because there were plenty of places to eat on the same street as the hotel. Took a local bus a block away from the hotel to Old San Juan and felt safe the entire ride there and back (much cheaper option than taking a cab). Music is nice at the little bar at night as well. The beach is close to the hotel (about 2 blocks) but it was very small. Not what I envisioned as a beach in Puerto Rico. Overall we had a GREAT time and would recommend it to our friends. We plan on returning.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cjennyjen
<Content>Mixed feelings about Radisson... As a young family, we don't get the chance to take extended vacations very often. This last leg of our trip included a four night stay at the Radisson Ambassador Hotel. The room was nice, though we wanted two double beds, and received a king. It was a typical room with typical amenities. There are a couple good and bad points about this hotel I want to share. First, the parking situation is ATROCIOUS! We arrived back at the hotel at various times in the evening, only to find the parking lot extremely full. You have the choice of valet, but it costs more. We discovered the next morning, there were only a handful of cars left in the lot. This meant that casino gaming visitors took up all the parking meant mainly for hotel guests. We were on the third floor and could hear a lot of the casino noise from downstairs. Another thing you don't find out until you arrive are the parking fees were $15.00 per day. The hotel didn't express much sympathy when we brought this inconvenience to their attention upon checkout. The front desk reply was Yes, we are quite a busy hotel ONe thing I want to rave about is the proactive action taken by the hotel housekeepers. My daughter still loves her milk, so I bought a half gallon at the store and chilled it in the ice bucket. The next day when we got back from our busy day, we found a small fridge in our room with the milk chilled nicely inside. I was very impressed by this. I guess we made a mistake staying at a hotel with a casino in it. So if you don't want the parking hassle and the noise from a casino, definitely don't book your stay here.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	3	4	1	

<Author>utqiagvik
<Content>Worst value in San Juan We ended up staying here two nights because they accepted our Priceline bid for $130 plus tax (came to around $162 total) per night. For that price this place was a disgrace, because places that charge half the amount (e.g. Comfort Inn and Holiday Inn Express) provide better quality of service. Check-in was unfriendly and inefficient, they told us no rooms were available (at 3PM) although I strongly suspect they did that to encourage us to waste some money in their smoky casino while waiting (the same thing happened the last time I stayed here - a Priceline booking again - and that was at 9:30 PM!). Repeatedly bugging them finally got us a set of room keys at 3:30. It took another 30 minutes to find a bellboy to get our bags. There is no real lobby, just a check-in area and a noisy, smoky casino and bar right next to it. There is a pool on the terrace, but it had an empty bag of Doritos floating it in while we went up to see it. The room was OK ... the balcony had a view of a huge parking lot (rooms on the other side of the hotel overlooked a Burger King, so not too much choice there). All floors except the top two executive floors were being remodeled, which means the hallways were brutally ugly with stripped-off wallpaper and temporary paint jobs. The bed had third rate linens ... while Hilton and Marriott properties have feather duvets, the Radisson bed had a cheap $7 blanket like one finds at cheap motels. All in all we had to stay here because we had no choice (Priceline had already taken our money) but I would never knowingly book a stay at this place. It is a disgrace to the beautiful island and people of Puerto Rico.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	1	3	1	-1	-1	

<Author>BImtraveller
<Content>Was fab!  I am from the island of Barbados and I work for the premier All-inclusive Resorts there which is the Almond Beach Resorts Inc. So this will tell u I have knowledge of hotels. Radisson was so great my family and I vacation there Sep 2006 we had a deluxe Suite which had a kings size bed which was nicely made patio outside my room I has microwave and fridge in my room along with a coffee maker. It was not only a nice room but very clean and smelt clean my baby girl was give a crib on arrival for her sleeping comfort. The staff everyone of them I came in contact with was so nice, helpful and friendly they were the best.. People u pay for what to get I Pay about $500 usd for two nights there it was worth every cent; my money well spent. As there is a god above I tell u this hotel is a very good hotel and i will continue to stay there whenever I visit Puerto Rico. My only problem is that I paid $100 usd security on my room and on checking out the Computer system was down and I was unable to receive my my money back it was to be mailed to me this is October now and I have not seen a cent back as yet but in saying that I was allowed a late check out free of charge so can't have a cow over that. But it was great staying there I will go again. There is subway, Burger King next door there is a walgreens up the block there is great hospital down the block very good health care there YES I experianced the hospital there as well. Get restaurants around the hotel are great and the beach is within walking distant as well.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2006
<Rating>5	2	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Liv101
<Content>Don't come here looking for luxury Think twice about what you want your vacation to be before you stay here. The hotel is in a convenient location with some nice restaurants around it. The sushi place across the street was excellent. The lobby is VERY smoky and you can smell the smoke in the hallways of the upper floors. The rooms are mediocre. The pool is not wonderful. If you're looking for a luxurious vacation this is not the place to stay. My boyfriend and I stayed here and it was less than romantic. He did get to play in a poker tournament in the casino. That was the only highlight the hotel had while we were there. We did get a VERY cheap rate through priceline so for the price it was worth it.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>M2685
<Content>Loved hotel, not a great location or view Loved the Hotel and check in was fast. The room was nice loved it. The location was not great had a small balcony with a view of Burger King , not the greatest view from my room. However the roof pool had a much better view liked it a lot although bartender ws not so friendly at the roof pool bar. Liked the casino although one of the casino workers was not very approachable or nice.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	2	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>visusie
<Content>Highly Recommended We've stayed at this hotel every year for the past 3 years and are going again in a couple of weeks. The rooms are very large with comfy king size bed and super soft pillows. It comes with all the ammenities and we were upgraded to a suite once (hopefully again this year). Very centrally located and convenient to everything. There's even a free trolley that runs to Old San Juan too. Staff were very helpful and the room was clean. They even give you a free newspaper every day at your door.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>kelleysezwoh
<Content>This hotel rocks.       walking on the street by the hotel (in the condado)  
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lindacerbin
<Content>nice hotel...bad location We stayed at the Radisson from August 25-28. First of all, the hotel itself is nice and the executive suite was very comfortable and nice but the location is terrible (I expected tropical and it's located in the Condado area which is very city-ish and dumpy and under a lot of construction AND it is not on the beach or even near a nice beach). And second of all we had some very minor problems with our room which was not a big deal and when we told the staff they acted like we were lying which i didn't like. We ordered room service for dinner one night and I must say the food was excellent. Breakfast was the all you can eat buffet for $10.95 which was reasonable and good although I've had better, but it was worth the money and we ate a lot and even brought boxed cereal and fruit back to our room for the next morning and nobody said anything. All in all, the hotel was nice but the location was not. I would recommend staying in Isla Verde which is the more tropcial strip if staying in San Juan. I personally would never go back to San Juan again because one visit was enough.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2006
<Rating>3	3	5	1	5	2	2	5	

<Author>MsBaby117
<Content>A Great Experience...Highly Recommended By Me...Will Stay Again!!       Television/Desk  
<Date>Aug 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>anon888888
<Content>Dumpyb I booked this place because I hate to turn in anything over $200/night and PR is expensive. But this place is a dump and I would try to avoid it. The Normandie which I stayed in the last go around and was quite good was only $10 more, I found out from a colleague who researched more closely. That's the way I'd go if you can.This place is like Las Vegas on a bad night and a discount package: * noisy* unattentive staff* generally junky kind of ambianceIf it's the only place you kind find at a reasonable, do it. It's not complete hell, and the Internet access is actually included, which is a nice change of pace.It's around 2 blocks from a beach that is all right.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>1	2	2	2	2	1	1	5	

<Author>TheLawFamily
<Content>Basic - Don't Come Here Hello, I came here with my husband and 3 year old to tend to some family issues. The view was of the Burger King parking lot - ok, but the toilet didn't work, and neither did the safe. The maintenance people came right away, but then the airconditioning broke down. Sigh. I went to talk to the people at the registration desk, and they were extremely embarrased and helpful. They upgraded us into a comfortable, clean spacious room.  I go to P.R. all the time and usually stay with family. I would NOT recommend this hotel for a tourist coming to P.R. for the first or second time.  I would recommend taking a cruise that stops in P.R. for the day. One can see a great amount of Old San Juan in a day and get a sense of P.R. as well.  SL  
<Date>Jul 12, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>yumyum90
<Content>Awesome! I stayed here from 06/14-06/19 and I thought it was wonderful! The staff goes out of their way to help you. The hotel is clean, the rooms are large and nice. There's a casino and salsa music every night. The hotel is more crowded even with locals on the weekends. Even the cab drivers who wait outside of the hotel are excellent. Everyone from the security guards to the front desk, waiters, bartenders and managers in the Ambassador Grill were just excellent!I felt safe and comfortable. The Condado area is nice as well. The hotel is located on Ashford Avenue and that has a ton of restaurants from mexican, italian, puerto rican and ameircan, there is also shopping and a few clubs. Old San Juan is a ten minute cab ride, as well as Isla Verde. The island is beautiful as are the people. Everyone is very laid back and friendly. Some of the other reviews on here are absolutely ludicrous and must have been written by snobs. This hotel is about two blocks from the beach (great waves) and the Marriott which also offers a crowded lounge with live salsa music. I would defintely visit again.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pleasant surprise The upside the rooms are clean, the beds are comfortable(select comfort air beds) the front desk help very friendly. They gave me a room upgrade to a suite which was a convienience. Its a block and a half from the beach. The pool on the roof is beautiful and affords a nice view of the ocean. my only complaint is the smoke in the lobby secondary to the casino, but once your on the elevator its not a problem! I have stayed in several hotels in Condado and was not disappointed. Remember you can't expect 5 star when your paying for 3..........I would stay again.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Levi22
<Content>Great Hotel for Business Travelers       Clean Bathroom  
<Date>Jun 10, 2006
<Rating>3	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Hotel...Not a great location We went to PR for 5 days in the sun...the hotel wasn't bad (it was clean and the staff was very friendly and helpful). The location was a block from the beach but it wasn't a great swimming beach. There are a few restaurants in walking distance but nothing spectacular and there wasn't much of a nightlife in walking distance. You could take a short taxi ride into old san juan (about $15) and enjoy all that is there. But to get to a great beach it will be about 45 minutes away. If you are going to PR for the beach I would stay in a better beach town. While in PR I would recommend a day trip to the rain forest EL Yunque and I would definitely go see the bioluminescent bay in Fajardo (it was amazing) but the travel agent inside the hotel was not very knowledgeable about any of these tours. They were never sure if we were definitely on the tour and the didn't know any of the details...like if we should wear our bathing suits, how long the trip would be, they even told us it wasn't worth doing the bioluminescent bay because the moon was at a bad phase but I'm so glad we decided to do it any way because it was one of the neatest things to see.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cbcito
<Content>Better Than It Looks..       Seconday Vanity  
<Date>Jun 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mrsdiggy66
<Content>Warm Weather Getaway We stayed here because we got a great deal, air fare and hotel for 5 days 4 nights. It was and average hotel, rooms were very clean, staff very hospitable. They were very helpful giving us information on where to go and what to see. We took taxi service while we were there, it was not that expensive. We were not looking for the moon here. Only thing they should get is a better restaurant, it was decent however. There are many different places to go to eat and you can improvise.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>SojournerScotland
<Content>No Sleep !!!!! This is the worst hotel we have ever stayed in. If you plan to have a nights sleep DO NOT GO. We had just travelled from the UK going on a cruise the following. The Band downstairs played till 3am and we got no sleep !!!!. The management were of no help.I will be complaining to Celebrity about this hotel and will never go there again.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2006
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>CTdesigner
<Content>decent. Being a busy 3 star hotel, we weren't expecting much but were suprised. For openers, the staff was outstanding. Everyone from the front desk management to the waitstaff was welcoming and friendly. A warm greeting at every turn. The front desk was on point and did everything they could to make sure we were happy with our room which was clean, pleasantly fresh with supplies and all appliances in working order. I think I could have brought a pet Anaconda and they would have been accomodating with a smile. The first floor is host to a casino which allows smoking so our first impression was that this hotel was kind of seedy with typical casino decor. Frankly, it is, but knowing that the staff was doing their best to make our stay enjoyable was comforting. The casino crowd seemed to be mostly locals but I found playing with them to be quite entertaining. Low minumum bets ($2 roulette) allows even the first-timer to give it a whirl. No craps table though.This is a city hotel one block from the beach surrounded by all types of cuisine and shopping at all price levels. We had some terrific meals in OSJ and Condado vicinity. The hotel breakfast isn't gourmet by any means. However, it was cheap at under $20 for the two of us w/tip and again, our waiter proved to be such a nice guy aiming to please us, we looked past it but we ate out the following morning.The pool was clean and padded loungechairs were in order with fresh towels. The gym is compact with Cybex machines, dumbbells and clean. We witnessed the attendee do a full scrub of the pool deck as well as hand-scrub every chair (Poor guy). Although, the pool bar is only open on weekends, the written pool policy was BYO unless the bar was open. Most hotels strictly enforce a hotel products only rule. Aside from the city hustle/bustle below, it was peaceful being high up on the sunny pool deck. Having been to the beach the previous days while at another hotel, we didn't mind the seclusion of the roof top which only had a handful of guests.Look...this hotel is surrounded by buildings on all sides so in my opinion, there isn't a great view to be had. Most rooms have a view of someone elses rooftop. I wouldn't choose to spend a week with the fam at this location but for 2 nights with my girlfriend, it was fine and allowed us to experience authentic P.R. cuisine, nightlife and shopping within easy walking distance. Otherwise, I think it is hard to find a beach in San Juan that catches the imagination to begin with so I wouldn't dock points on this hotel for its location. It is still close to the beach.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just like a crappy Motel We were extremely disappointed in this Hotel if you can call it that. It isnt any better than a crappy Motel. The rooms are so old and dated, the beach is not part of the hotel so you dont get the luxury of chairs and refreshments at the beach. the Pool is an ugly rectangular shaped roof top pool with no bar that is open. there is a bar set up but they never use it. There is nothing appealing about this hotel. Dont stay here.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>tmar5918
<Content>Pre cruise stay We stayed at the Radisson on Jan. 13th and 14th. we were a little hesitant after reading some of the reviews on this sight. The hotel staff was friendly and helpful and had us checked in, in no time. We got to our room and it was just as nice as any Sheraton or Marriot I have stayed in. The hotel is in a great location in a residential neighborhood about a block from the beach. Lots of restaurants and some shopping in the area. We payed under two hundred a night and this is high season, so for a hotel of this caliber it was a steal. For the person who wrote they overlooked a Burger King parking lot, what do you expect? Your in a residential neighborhood. The Marriot down the street is about a hundred more a night for the same view and if you want an ocean view at the Marriot you will pay about double what the Radisson costs. The swimming pool on the roof was peaceful and relaxing and the bar tender made the best daiquiris. All in all this is a great bargain for a pre or post cruise stay.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel For the four days that i was staying at the hotel, it was very good. I had a great time with the whole family. Especially on the area of the casino. The best part is that everything is around the block. The beaches and stores and great restraunts as well. The service at the hotel itself was excellent very helpful and on time with things. I will stay there for my next christmas stay.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Substandard Radisson This Radisson has obviously been undergoing a makeover and there is a noticeable effort to bring the hotel up to the quality level associated with the pricing. Unfortunately, it's not there yet. On the plus side, housekeeping, amenities are good. Location is excellent. However, it speaks to the business acumen that the hotel restaurant was closed during peak holiday season. The front desk really needs some training on qualities such as politeness and quality. To be fair, every time the hotel screwed up and there were some doozies, management moved fast to fix it quickly. With the exception of the check-in staff, everyone was friendly and good. This might owe more to the fact that Puerto Ricans are friendly people than the hotel itself. Overall, you won't have a bad stay, but it won't be a great stay. However this is Condado and for the strip this is one of the better hotels. As for crime concerns, the strip is safe as there is a heavy police presence and a lot of residential buildings so there are always people around. Family wise, its good because Puerto Ricans haven't lost their fondness for kids or patience for the elderly. The hotel is close to all the beaches and I walked for hours on beaches that were great. People can bring their dogs but they are well behaved and people pick up after them. All in all you stay at this hotel for the location and not for the hotel itself.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2005
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Lisita
<Content>Loved the Radisson Ambassador We just came back from a wonderful week at the Radisson. I highly recommend the suites. They are very spacious and away from any of the casino or bar noise. The staff is wonderful. Our maid left us a Christmas card and treats every day! Great restaurants nearby. I would stay away from the hotel's restaurant, until they are done with their renovations. I would definitely stay there again!  
<Date>Dec 30, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>operman1
<Content>Enjoyed my stay The Radisson Ambassador Plaza Hotel  Casino San Juan is a great hotel to stay in for a reasonable price. The beach is only a block away and the hotel staff was very friendly to me. They surely helped me with my luggage problem. The room was very clean and the bathroom was spacious. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to stay in San Juan.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dd170
<Content>Precruise Stay We stayed here for 2 nights precruise Nov 25-26th. There were 6 couples of us checking in and they told us the only way we could be on the same floor was to stay on the smoking floor. I didn't think it would work but I must say that never once did any of us smell anything. The rooms were newly decorated and smelled fresh and clean as did the hallways. I'm not a gambler, but if you are, they have a casino in the hotel. They also had a local band at night so my husband and I would go down to the little lounge and watch some of the older local folks dance. We really enjoyed it. Everyone at the hotel was very friendly and I would not have a problem staying there again. Always plenty of cabs around to take you anywhere you want to go, but you can also catch the local bus for about $1.50.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good stay Conveniently located, 1 block from the beach, in a safe and well patroled by police area.This Hotel  Casino offers good accommodations, clean  quiet rooms, with efficient personnel and average rates. Parking is $8.00 not included in the rate. walking distance restaurants. The Marriott next door and Courtyard Marriott by the airport recommended for ocean front beach views restaurants.Enjoy Puerto Rico.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it!! We originally booked the hotel for 4 nights, but we liked it so much that we asked if we could stay longer. The pool was great, room service was even better, the casino was great, and the staff were very polite and helpful. It was Christmas time and we could only get an extra 2 nights. We were a little upset, but it was our own fault. I don't know what made us think that we would find another room in the area at christmas time. We eventually found a room in old san juan, but we hated it. Lets just say we will never go back there. It was nothing like the Radisson Ambassador. We truly enjoyed ourselves. It was my daughters first time in puerto rico and she loved it all especially the Radisson. We all loved it so much that we have booked another stay this year for December and yes we are staying at the Radisson Ambassador the whole 10 Days that we are here. We would't stay any other place. Loved it!  
<Date>Sep 26, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Run Away, Child My colleagues and I were booked at the Radisson for a long term stay. Everything was awful, from check-in to check-out. The front desk was not only unfriendly, they were rude to downright hostile (while we were nothing but polite.) The entire hotel reeks of cheap air freshener and the cleaning staff lurk around the rooms all day, seemingly watching to see when you leave (although nothing was taken from my room). The lobby is noisy, smoky and dirty and there effectively is nowhere to sit down or meet a group. The rooms were recently renovated, but the rest of the hotel looks like the former Howard Johnson that the hotel is! The pool looked nothing like the website--it was on the roof, smaller than most backyard pools, and there was very little patio furniture around it. At night, the casino noise and noise from our outdoor band's bass speakers kept me and my colleagues up for hours. The concierge gave terrible directions. The only saving grace was the free breakfast, which was lovely.If you have any choice whatsoever, book into the Marriott or Wyndham Condado. Our experience was so bad that we moved to the Marriott; it is superior in every way, starting with friendly staff, comfortable beds and a lovely pool.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not happy Not the greatest, pool was closed for renovation, we were never told.Beach is about 3 blocks away. Clean room but no towels in room 2 days in a row. Nice view, if you like the Burger King parking lot.Will definetly go back to San Juan, but will Stay at the Marriott.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Dflet
<Content>good hotel, good price this was a great hotel to stay at. it has a fun pool, casino and location. close to alot of good restaurants and important stuff like drug stores and liquor stores! starbucks is only a few blocks away. the beach is less than a 3 minute stroll. our room was basic but clean and had a very good bed. condado has alot of police around, but it was fine because there are there for your protection as puerto rico has a high crime rate. (tourists are always #1 target in any country !) pricelined for $85, super place for price.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never Again The hotel did not let us know in advance that the pool area was close for renovation. Then on the last day of vacation, I find out that we could get passes for the Marriot Hotel for their pool. The concierge was not helpful whatsoever. the rooms were infested with mosquitos. The beach is not a block away its actualy 5 blocks away. I advise, whoever books this hotel will be very unhappy!  
<Date>Jul 1, 2005
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Pool Stayed here for four nights. The pool was great, the food was good. The staff was very friendly. Had a suite on the parking lot side of the hotel. Monday - Wednesday was great. Thursday night was the car give away night at the casino ... it was chaos. Traffic was non-stop. There were car horns/alarms going off until the wee hours of the morning. Friday morning, when I was checking out the Desk Manager told me that he was very sorry but that they were the most popular casino and there really was nothing that thye could have done to prevent the noise. Oh, well. I would stay there again but I would want to be on the other side of the hotel.  
<Date>May 23, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was okay.. I stayed at the Radisson in early May 2005, on a business trip. I am 27, the hotel and casino was almost entirely people in their 40's and 50's. I should have stayed in Old San Juan, younger crowd, more stuff to do. The room, service were adequate, essentially you get what you pay for. The pool on the roof was nice as well as the free high speed internet.  
<Date>May 6, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Beachgrl007
<Content>Never Again! We stayed here during Spring Break and will never go back. The location is convenient, but other than I would not recommend. We were on the fourth floor and could hear the music past midnight every night. The service was very mediocre. The pool is a plus, but the bar was not open. The crowd at the bar and in the casino was in their late 40's and older.  
<Date>May 3, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Yuck! I heard mixed reviews about this place. Priceline gave us a pretty good rate of $140. Do not pay a dime over that!! (another traveler got this hotel on priceline for $120 but booked a lot earlier) We had a room with a balcony view of a dirty Burger King. We spent most of our time at the Marriott up the road. It was much nicer and newer. (Downside: $500 a night) Condado was scary! Police officers on every street corner.We were two single women traveling together and did not feel safe.Beware!! Luckily, we only were in town for one night- pre-cruise. However, the cruise was even more of a disappointment. This place cursed us!Also- my credit card was charged another $133.00. (I paid for the room well in advance through Priceline) They gave me $122.00 in cash upon check out. If they wanted another $10.00 they should have just asked instead of charging my card and then reimbursing me in cash upon check out. Most travelers can scrape up 10.00 bucks. Ridiculous!  
<Date>Apr 19, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>dagneytaggert
<Content>Standard hotel, great location The best thing about the hotel is its location- right in the trendy neighborhood of Condado. The hotel is a block away from the beach and from great boutique shopping and dining options. However, the rooms are mediocre, at best. On our first night we were upgraded to an Ambassador Level room which got us a larger room on the higher levels. On our return from a trip to Ponce, we were given an upgrade to a suite a regular floor- and although it was a suite, it still felt very dirty. If you can Priceline this room for under $150 (peak season) I would do it. Otherwise, stick with a nicer chain.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Be Very Careful I booked this hotel through Hotels. I was relying on the Radisson name and thought it would be a guarantee of quality. That's not the case at this location. I paid over $250 for one night before a cruise. I was placed in accomodations badly in need of updating. The bottom of the bathtub was black with grime. There was visible mold in the bathroom and the rooms smelled of mildew. There were stains on the carpeting and the furniture. I asked for a different room and was shown 3 more that were identical to the first and in the same deplorable condition. The head housekeeper even told me that everything in the rooms needed to be ripped out and replaced, but they had not done it yet. I asked for a room that had already been updated as I have asthma and can't tolerate molds. I was told that nothing was available because the hotel was full. I called Radisson's 1-800 number because their guarantee says you don't pay if you're not satisfied. A very helpful woman at the 1-800 number secured different accomodations in the hotel for me. I was placed on the VIP floor in a room that was clean and contained no visible mold or grime. The worst part was that I had to hassle around with the desk people for about 2 hours after traveling all day and they were no help at all. While they were telling me they were all filled up and there were no avilable rooms, they were telling newly arrived people without reservations that they had rooms for them. I felt that my prepayment doomed me to a room of inferior quality. The woman at the 1-800 number said that those rooms should not even be used until renovated.The end result is that I would never again prepay for a room. This is the second time I have experienced an inferior room with prepayment and I would never again stay at this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Standard Hotel in decent area I just stayed at the Radisson Ambassador in Puerto Rico and I wasn't terribly impressed. Everything was just standard for me. The lobby was clean and the employees very helpful. I got upgraded to a suite so I can only speak for the suite rooms. The room was large with a seperate bedroom and living room. It had two tv's and the air conditioning would keep ice cream frozen. I was only there one night and didn't use too many services. They did offer me a free drink in the bar that night and when I went down to claim it, they had a live band performing and the place seemed to be really happening. As for location, it is close to the Marriot and very near the beach. I visited friends staying at the Caribe Hilton and this was a much better location and property. I'm not sure why, but the hotels in Puerto Rico were very expensive (March 2005) and for what I paid for the Radisson Ambassador, I would expect much more. The Radisson is great for the business traveller or someone staying just one or two days.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2005
<Rating>4	2	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>awesome staff I never write reviews but decided that this hotel was worth my time. The rooms are not wow and the view is not the best from the rooms but you have to consider that the hotel is downtown and not oceanfront. The area is very safe and there are nice stores and places to eat around. What makes this place is the staff.  I love to travel and have been all over and can honestly tell you that this hotel has one of the nicest employees. From the moment I checked in they were helpful and accomodating. They went out of their way to answer any questions and give me suggestions on places to visit. I asked for suggestions on where to get typical puertorican food and they recommended a nice and inexpensive place with the best food ever - Bebo's. They even called ahead to make sure they were serving what I wanted to eat. I stayed for New Year's Eve. They had a great party. It was packed and when we requested a table once one became available, they got a table and chairs from the back so we could have a place to sit. What can I say!! Had a great time. The staff was great and I would definitely choose this hotel over other pricey ones in the Condado Area.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Phil6184
<Content>Concierge level worth every cent Stayed three nights at the Radisson. I had upgraded to concierge level for an extra $30 a night and it was worth every penny. For starters, the night receptionist, Viviana is excellent at her job. She made very helpful suggestions about my short stay in San Juan. Her enthusiasm for the Island was infectious. Secondly, concierge level includes a continental breakfast, appetizers in the evening along with a self serve honor bar. If you like a cocktail before dinner, you can make your own, just the way you like it. Concierge level also includes a free in-room movie daily, but I didn't take advantage of this.The hotel seems to be popular with business people, and I met several at evening cocktails who were very friendly. For me this was a big plus.The room itself is a good size, with a king size bed, a premium mattress (select comfort) What's your sleep number? The bath is marble and tile. I had a balcony which did have a water view, although I had a view of a parking lot and other high rise buildings too. Ok...the hotel is not on the beach, but it is an easy 2 minute walk to the beach. if you don't like that beach, then walk in either direction until you find a nice spot. There is so much to do in Puerto Rico, I could care less we weren't directly on the beach. The tour desk arranged a tour of the rain forest. It was a fun tour, but it doesn't return until about 3 pm so pack a lunch. I was starving by the time we returned! Speaking of food, the restaurant Yerba Buena serves cuban food and has live entertainment far better than would be expected. Lots of fun!All in all, I had a very nice stay at the Radisson and in Puerto Rico.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrific! We stayed at the Radisson Ambassador hotel from 02/17/05 - 02/20/05 for a three day pre-cruise vacation. We booked the hotel ourselves through Priceline. The rates for hotels in San Juan for the week we wanted were horrendous but we were able to get a rate from Priceline of $120.00 p/night. Having stayed at many hotels in the past in San Juan, I was pleasantly surprised with this hotel. The room is update and extremely clean. A beautiful granite (or marble) bathroom and nicely decorated two queen bed room with a balcony was our assigned room. The balcony looked down onto the street where Burger King was located. It stiull provided a decent place to enjoy the sun while having morning coffee or the warm evenings. The pool on the roof was delightful. There were adequate chairs and great views of the area. There was no bar service however. There are two restaurants on the property. One is an upscale Italian place we didn't try. The other is a Cafe atmosphere with good food and coffee as well as a bar. The staff at the hotel were always helpful and smiling, especially the Assistant Manager. There is a decent sized casino with all sorts of slots from penny games to dollar machines. There was not a craps table but there were several Blackjack tables along with a Texas Hold 'Em game table. The machines were not as tight as some we have tried in San Juan. That was confirmed by the high number of locals playing the machines.As far as dining options, we ate Danny's (breakfast and a dinner), located within two blocks of the hotel as well as Pizzeria Uno located less than two blocks in the opposite direction (located next to the hospital). Next to Uno's there was a Fuddruckers. The Burger King was located on the opposite corner of the street from the hotel. There were numerous additional restaurants in the area with all sorts of different cusines available. One evening, we took a cab into Old San Juan. ($12.00) We walked around the area and then went to Senor Frogs for drinks and dinner. We also went to the casino at the Sheraton San Juan where it was difficult to find an avaiable machine.The hotel was located within a block and a half from a beach as well as in the heart of the Condado area. It was a short walk to the Marriott and to the Walgreens drugstore (almost a mini grocery store). We would definitely look to stay at this location in the future.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SouthernCalifornia
<Content>Excellent Okay, I admit that prior to my arrival to this hotel I was a bit concern due previos reviews that I had read, however, how wrong they were. We stayed December 24 - December 31, 2004. We arrived around noon on the 24th. I was exhausted from my long trip from LA with a lay over in Miami. Upon arrival I was told that there were no rooms available until after 3pm. A gentleman by the name of Guillermo was at the front desk. Well he must have seen how tired I was because he offered to upgrade us to a suite in the 8th floor. I was so impress with my prompt check in and with the professionalism and courtesy of Guillermo. Trust me I'm very difficult to impress, but I sure was with the service at check in.  The room was terrific. It had a common area with a small refrigerator and a wet bar. There was also a desk and television. The room had a king size bed and another television. There was a nice size balcony which faced some condos, but if you looked to your left you could see the ocean. The bathroom was a nice size. There was also 2 closest, which is great since I'm not a light traveler. Overall, the room was well above expectations. My only disappointment was with the pool which is located on the roof. The pool was not very clean and there were no clean towels available there. However, this is my only complaint.  The location is terrific. The hotel is right next to major attractions. There are plenty of restaurants, bars and clubs. The beach is also right next door. I loved the fact that I was able to walk to many of the places of interest. The casino was one of the better ones in Puerto Rico. The lobby bar also had lively entertainment every night.  I want to thank the staff of the Radisson for making our vacation special and a special thanks to Guillermo for being a great assistant at check-in ensuring that our stay would be pleasant and satisfying.   
<Date>Feb 14, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Strongly disagree with post who checked in on 12/26 I perhaps am among the most difficult person to please when it comes to staying in a hotel away from home...Apparantly, I stayed @ this hotel within the same time frame of the person/s, who checked in on 12/26, and I can not disagree any more with their opinion....I concede that we are all entitled to ones own opinion, however, I feel I should elaborate on mine. Too begin with, I had absolutely no problem with housekeeping, I had ample towels, and the staff, upon my asking in the hallway, allowed me to take virtually anything I wanted off a fully replenished housekeeping cart..yes, bearing in mind, one day my friend put up the 'do not disturb sign' who was ill from an outside restaurant. I saw NO problems with the elevators...and the front desk could not be any more helpful, as a matter of fact, after one night of dancing the night away, we found ourselves @ 4 am without cigarettes and the front desk arranged to have a security employee go off-site and buy us some....That is what I call SERVICE!  
<Date>Jan 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>lunch and dinner. My husband and I were guests at the hotel, December 26 鈥?December 31, 2004. We loved the location of the hotel; however, were disappointed with the hotel. This hotel shouldn鈥檛 rank itself as a four star hotel, maybe a 2 star hotel. Upon checking into our room, we immediately felt that the room was unclean. In addition to that, the toilet seat was broken, several bathroom light fixtures were burned out and later we discovered that the tub drainage system was not working. My husband issued a complaint and the next morning we were escorted to another room. This room was better. In addition to that, we received 2 complimentary tickets for lunch and dinner. To our dismay, each night, we placed several calls to the Housekeeping department to request facial towels. Housekeeping response was 鈥渆veryone requests these towels and we don鈥檛 have enough鈥? Now, I would think that a hotel would have ample towels. I rate the housekeeping room skills a C. The hotel overall housekeeping skills is a C-. You all should really do something about the filthy elevator doors and floors. Due to the housekeeping skills, we didn鈥檛 dare utilize the complimentary lunch and dinner tickets. Also, the hotel doesn鈥檛 have a concierge and provides no tour brochures. We booked our tours through the Marriott. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This one was great STayed there in Dec. 2004 and we loved it. The staff was great, although the hot tub was not working it was still a great place to stay. Stayed at the Diamond Palace before the cruise and this was the worst hotel we have ever stayed at. The place was dirty, smelled and had bugs. The personnel were the rudest on earth----NEVER STAY THERE  
<Date>Jan 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would stay again My husband and I along with another couple stayed in a very large room after a cruise Nov. 14, 2004. We checked in very quickly at 11 a.m. and the room was completely ready. We found the room to be clean, quiet and to contain all the amenities that we needed. The hotel is conveniently located in the Condado Beach area and is very close to a bus stop and that for 25 cents you can take the bus to Old San Juan. Careful here, the bus drivers drive very fast over bumpy roads. On our return to the hotel our bus was hit by a car and my husband flew into the aisle. No one was hurt, but the bus driver didn't bother to ask anyone. The hotel is close to restaurants and coffee shops and a Walgreens which is open 24 hours. There is a bank machine in the lobby if needed as well as the Casino. Would stay at the Radisson Ambassador again and would recommend it to others. We had booked on the internet and had no trouble with the registration on arrival. We received 4 free drink coupons and vouchers for the casino which was an unexpected bonus.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Raddison Ambassodor Hotel and Casino We stayed there post cruise 10/24-25.Booked thru priceline for $75 a night plus tax and booking fee...all toll $177. I have read many mixed reviews but took a chance....turned out to be quite a pleasant suprise!Grabbed a cab from the ship and arrived at 11am ...expecting the worse as with previous SJ hotels that we would be lucky to get a room untill 4pm, I went up to the counter and in less than a minute I had room keys and a pair of free drink coupons for the bar!! WOW...I had a smile on my face a mile wide,I have never checked in so fast anywhere.Turns out most of the rooms were remodeled in 2003 and our room was no exception. The room was very large with a king size bed,2 living room chairs,ottaman,and floor table.It also had a work desk station. Nice tv with HBO,alarm clock radio,hair dryer,ironing board and in-room coffee maker.The room was nicely decorated and spotless.Bathroom was marble counters,the shower worked great with plenty of towels to be had and included Spa type toiletries. It also had an obstructed view balcony. A/C worked almost to good..had to run it at the lowest setting.Cabs were always available,but we actually walked all the way to Old San Juan one day!!(it is a very long walk!!).Plenty of shops and restuarants right near the Hotel.The beach is right behind the hotel about a 1 block walk.The Casino gods weren't looking down on us here or on our cruise. Slot machines were extremely stingy..Vegas was much better. Can't win everytime.They had a decent size roof top pool with lots of loungers and towels. There was a hot tub,but it was not working.They have a bar..but it was not staffed,probably due to being low season.I give the place two thumbs up...it was a great value in a good location. Taxi rides to just about everywhere we went seemed to run $10 to $12 plus tip.A side note...I saw police everywhere,at all time...very well patrolled!Also quite a few homeless people roaming around or passed out under a tree or park bench.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worst that Condado has to offer. Went for a romantic weekend in San Juan, so decided to check out Condado. First of all Condado is a horrible place, it's a tourist trap, and the beaches are pittiful. They are small, crowded, and not enjoyable. Stay in Old San Juan for the best time, and if you are looking for a beach resort kind of place, Isla Verde is the best bet.Now onto Radisson Ambassador, it is not on the beach. it does not even overlook the beach. The better parts of the beach in Condado - The Condado Lagoon is 20 mins away, Ocean Park Beach is 20 mins away the other way, and the Marriot's public beach is about a 10 min walk torwards the lagoon. It's a lot of fun walking around the streets with towels and such. The Staff are not helpful or adept by any means. When we came to check in, the computer was down. The concierge did not want to help us with any tourism questions. They recommended we rent a car, saying cabs are $30 a ride, even though they were only $10 a ride to both Old San Juan and Isla Verde. They also did not mention that parking is a nightmare. Now onto the amenities, the jaccuzi was not functioning. There was no bar on the pool, as advertised. It is closed down. All we had was the pool. Basically, if you're lookign for a place to crash, try your luck at the casino, and dip in the pool every now and then, why not go to the Diamond Palace, which is also not on the beach and has the same amenoities as Radisson, and is so much cheaper! Radisson and Mariott are comparable in price, and Radisson's amenities make Mariott look like a 5 star hotel in Condado.Overall the Hotel sucked, so did Condado. Check out Condado Village across the Mariott or Tijuana Bar and Grill for a good time in Condado. Otherwise head down to San Sebastian street in old town san juan, or go check out the Wyndam San Juan Hotel at Isla Verde.Radisson - A No Go!Not worth the money by any means.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>superHP
<Content>San Juan's Radisson Ambassador Plaza Hotel  We stayed in the Condado section of San Juan at the Radisson Ambassador Plaza for five nights in early September, 2004. While the ratings for this hotel seen on the internet range from 3.0 - 3.5 stars, I would rate it closer to 4 stars. Our quarters were sufficiently roomy, linens were always fresh and clean, the room had good lighting and air conditioning, the bathroom was a little small but efficiently laid out with sufficient counter space and the beds were very firm and comfortable. The balcony was a plus, big enough for several people to sit outside without being cramped. A coffee table situated between two comfortable chairs at the back wall of the room provides a good reading area. The presence of a user friendly safe gave us an extra layer of security. All staff were polite and friendly. The casino is a little crowded and smoky at night, but is otherwise a fairly decent gambling venue. The rooftop pool, deck and bar were quite spacious and a pleasant place to relax outdoors away from crowds, salt, sand and no-see-ums.Our only complaint actually applies to most of the large hotels in San Juan. Rates seem a little on the high side... in our opinion, $110-125/night would be a fair price for this facility. We laid out about $150/night.I would recommend this facility to others or would stay there again myself, particularly if rooms are priced under $140/night.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>2 day pre criuse mini vacation Very good indeed, absolutly no cause for complaint what so ever, friendly and very helpful staff. We spent two nights here before our cruise and another on our return and both times the service was excellent, free upgrade the 2nd time. conveinient location near beaches, cafes and resturants, bus stop outside with a very good service to the old town of San Juan for just 25 cents. We were room only, but were given complimentry breakfast tokens for the first stay, this was only continental, criosant, danish etc and if I had had to pay ,I would have been dissapointed with this. Food is readily available at burger king next door or numerous other places nearby.We would stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>welive2travel
<Content>good hotel for pre cruise stay we stayed at the radisson ambassador for 1 night. when we checked in they gave us a upgrade for free because priceline messed up on our room. Once we checked in we asked for a nice local resturant. the staff was very nice. there are alot of shops and things to do around this hotel. also, a very safe place to walk around at night. all in all this hotel is nice. the pool was a little cloudy but nice view from up top.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bad Experience When I stayed at the Radisson , I thought it was nice the staff was great until check out time . One of the Bell Boys took my suitcase to put into storage but instead he gave my suitcase to a couple traveling on the Carnival cruise lines. After filling out a poilice report. I was told that I would have a check for my items within a couple of weeks. But two weeks later I recieved a call from American Airlines letting me know that someone dropped my suitcase off at the airport , My stuff was sent to me but there were so many things missing when I notified the Hotel I was told that they would take care of it 3 months later I was told that there was nothing they could do and that I had recieved my suitcase back so they were not held responsible . I was given so much of the run around just to recieve a check for $200 . And I still haven't recieved any money it was such a horrible expericence everything was so unprofessional.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hit or miss We stayed at the Radisson Ambassador for the second time during Memorial Day Weekend 2004. We were quite disappointed. The elevators were very slow, probably because one of them kept going to the roof regardless of whether it was called. Towards the end, it was finally taken out of service, which left one working elevator. Needless to say we took the stairs a lot. It wouldn't have been so bad but the stairway and hallway was very humid. Our average sized room was kept fairly clean during our trip. For some reason we had one face towel when we checked in and by the second day, we didn't get any more. Our room had a balcony which gave us a great view of the hotel driveway and the valet station. Someone mentioned that they had a turndown service with chocolate coins and a little bottle of Don-Q rum. That would have been nice but I guess it got to be too costly. We didn't get any of that. The clock radio in the room was a nice touch if it wasn't the size of a boombox and looked like it was saved from a garage sale. The location is good, one block from the fairly secluded beach, but alas, no showers anywhere so be prepared to bring sand into your room. There was no in room safe, and when we checked in, there was one safe-deposit box left which they couldn't open. There are a few restaurants in the area which makes it convenient with a Burger King right across the street for those late night munchies after playing in the casino. I had no major complaints but the little things add up. If you plan on staying here, remember, you get what you pay for.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great for a pre/post cruise stay! Stayed here for 2 nights before a cruise. I'd read mixed reviews on TripAdvisor, so I wasn't quite sure what to expect. The Radisson totally exceeded my expectations!I'd booked the room through PriceLine, so I wasn't sure they'd let us check in at 10:30 am, but the front-desk person was very accommodating. We were given a newly renovated king room. There are no great views, since you're in a downtown location a few blocks from the ocean, but just head to the rooftop pool. Not a fancy pool, but fine for lounging and having a drink. My husband had a manicure/pedicure and I had a massage at the salon next to the pool - both were excellent and reasonably priced!The hotel recommended some great restaurants nearby. Not much in the way of shopping in the area.If I were going to San Juan for a full week's vacation, I'd stay in Old Town or Isla Verde, but this was certainly a great property for a couple of days.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>brich121
<Content>room diappointment I booked a room thru hotels...will never do that again. When I got there after 12 hours of travel was told that were over booked. I got a room with a bed that pulled out of the wall. Gee all this luxury for 224.00 a night. I have written Radisson directly with no response at all not even a sorry. I also complained at the hotel and they said I had to contact hotels basically not there problem. Hotels has basically ignored me as well. I will never use either one again. Radisson should be ashamed. Don't book thru hotels it's gurantee best hotels at the best prices. NOW I AND YOU SHOULD KNOW WHY.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good hotel, decent location It was my first time to Puerto Rico and we decided on this hotel. We stayed in a suite that included continental breakfast that ends at 9am. Being on vacation, we slept in until 8:30 and by that time, there was no food left! The room was great, though, and we had a balcony. The staff overall is friendly and helpful but the front desk at the Ambassadors Club on the top floor is not as courteous. Condado is a nice, quiet area but if you are really touring PR, Isla Verde is a busier area, only a few miles down from Condado. I would say that the Radisson Ambassador would definitely be one of the best hotels to stay if you want to be in Condado. It is only about a block from the beach in Condado, which is not crowded at all. There are some fast food places nearby but they are all American...Subway, etc. There is a nice Caribbean restaurant across from the hotel that has outdoor seating which I would recommend.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel   showReview(1688102, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 2, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Can't really not complain at all about the hotel...   showReview(1388538, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 15, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Was worth the money. Would stay again...   showReview(1369776, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 28, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>inkwave17
<Content>Reasonable rates, friendly staff, convenient location   showReview(1276306, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 8, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Average accomodations but wonderful staff   showReview(1271716, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>SAVE YOURSELF!!   showReview(1227035, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 14, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Glad I read the good reviews   showReview(1224024, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>For The Business Traveler   showReview(1076900, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 11, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyed my stay   showReview(1020368, 'full');   
<Date>May 17, 2003
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bad Experience at reception desk   showReview(565753, 'full');   
<Date>May 5, 2002
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Zodiaco94
<Content>Me gust贸 el Radisson por c茅ntrico   showReview(19527906, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Verblichener Glanz   showReview(13195503, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel OK   showReview(11309392, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>M茅rite ces 3 茅toiles   showReview(11355822, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 19, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

