<Author>zipty22
<Content>Nice stay at the Westin We had a nice stay at the Westin. It was great to be able to just walk to the French Quarters or take the street car which there is a stop next to the hotel that takes up the Mississippi river front by the big paddle ship and french market or you can go up canal street etc. The hotel is located right above a mall and has great views. First class here all the way.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>laundrygal
<Content>Great Place to Crash We stayed at the Westin Canal Place for one night after a cruise. At the beginning of the trip we had stayed at the W French Quarter, but greatly preferred this Westin. The front-desk staff was crisp and quick, while also very nice and helpful. The bell staff was also efficient with our baggage without being pushy.The room was enormous with a great view of the Mississippi River. The television was a flat-screen positioned just right to watch from the Heavenly Bed. There was also two armchairs with a small occasional table and a large desk. The bathroom was very large, plenty of towels, with a bath tub/shower combo. The showerhead as dual and worked great (better than my shower at home). Harrah's was right across the street and there were some restaurants nearby, but this hotel is not quite in the thick of it as hotels in the French Quarter are. It was a nice quiet getaway to relax and recharge before heading home from our vacation.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>InQueens26
<Content>Good Hotel I stayed here on business for a few days. The conferance was in the building. The room was nice although i had a city view not a water view. I ordered breakfast one day and it came exactly how i ordered it. I went to the pool on the roof which actually was not bad, it was large and they had beach chairs out there. It also had a beautiful view of the river. It was actually very nice. The lobby was not on the main floor and had a beautiful view of the river and city. It was actually very nice. Our conferance went well and the facilities were clean. The only bad thing was that the elevators to the lobby had a horrible mildew smell in them. I had a charge to my room that was not mine and they did not ask any questions and removed it. The location was nice because you can walk to all the popular areas and Harrahs was just across the street. Overall it is a pleasent hotel and should be a choice when staying in New Orleans so that you do not have to walk around any of the shady areas.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>sleek_appeal
<Content>The BOMB !!! Birthday weekend gateaway.... perfect ... perfect... perfect.... Very professional.... gorgeous facility... very conveniently located... amazing view.... rooms were immaculate... more than enough towels... Cant wait to do it again.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>UberSuper
<Content>The Westin Rocks       Heavenly Bed  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>travelers008
<Content>a diamond forever this by far was the best hotel we stayed in during the trip. the room was fantastic and we were upgraded to a river view just because the front desk had trouble locating our reservations. Everything about our stay was terrific. the hotel was centrally located to everything and we were able to walk to the French Quarter which was only two blocks away. The staff was extremely professional and very courteous. This was the highlight of our trip to the south. We plan to return to this hotel during Mardi Gras. The room rates were very reasonable, the biggest bang for our buck! It was a very elegant hotel at reasonable rates.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SATravelers
<Content>Generally OK, but still having issues with room charges Went to New Orleans on business and extended the stay for 2 days to enjoy the city. Pros - the hotel is in a good location, within easy walking distance of the french quarter, jackson square, and right across the street from Harrah's Casino. Cons - the cleaning crew for the room was inconsistent, the toilet broke twice, and the pool area is not as nice as it looks on the website. Now, I'm experiencing an even bigger problem. Upon checkout I asked to put one night's stay on my business credit card and the other two nights on my personal credit card. This has never been a problem for me at any hotel in the past. It took the clerk working at the desk about 15 minutes to work that out on the computer (or so I thought). When I returned home I had an e-mail from the clerk stating that he was unable to split the charges (this was after he told me that it was already done at checkout). I sent a follow up e-mail asking for clarification and a resolution. Three days later I still had not received a response so I sent a second e-mail. This time, my e-mail bounced back stating that his westin e-mail address was no longer valid. To make things worse, I'm seeing duplicate charges on both credit cards. Now I'm getting very upset. I recently left a message for the hotel's executive assistant. I am waiting to hear back from her. What would have been an otherwise good stay has turned in to a headache because of this. I would not stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	3	3	2	

<Author>suzannsm
<Content>Great location The Westin isn't as charming as other hotels in New Orleans. But it felt clean and safe. The location was great and the river view was fantastic.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Richardmelan
<Content>Great stay Great stay. Wonderful view if you have your room on the river and high enough. Been twice and getting ready to go again this weekend(first for a convention, 2nd brought my grandson/family ((loved the trolley). This weekend just the wife! As I indicated it is right near the trolley($1.25exact change!) brings you E-W and South into the city. Great pool... Casino across the street. and all that is The Big Easy  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>sexywinesnob
<Content>Just Average We recently stayed for a week at the Westin at Canal Place. The hotel was average but nice view of the river. Nothing really stood out other than the view and the neat roof top pool.The Dining experience is in need of desperate IMPROVEMENT. Friday night we arrived and didnt want to get dolled up to eat out so we decided to try the hotel restaurant. We waited a little over 5 minutes to even be greeted at the door to be seated (they were not busy). Once seated we asked if we could get a window seat for our daughter to look out over the river. We were told that wasnt possible to sit in that section as it was only for breakfast. The next couple that came in were seated in that section we had asked for. After waiting 10 minutes at the table with no one even bringing a glass of water or even glancing our way, we left.In- Room Dining was no better. we ordered room service for breakfast one morning - the food arrived on time but cold and not very tasty. I did contact the front desk who put me in touch with the Restaurant manager who was very pleasant and apologetic. She offered a lunch on the house. We eat our lunch before heading out on our last day. The waitress we had was good - nice personality but a little to find when we needed something. The food was actually tasty. Think the restaurant has room for major improvements.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>bilhartz
<Content>Fantastic Views!!! We stayed here for a 3 day weekend. The room was great, we had a most magnificent view of the Missisipi River and the French Quarter. They are not kidding when they announce they have a Heavengl Bed, it is the best bed I have slept on in decades. No wonder they are so popular and they sell them through there web page. The location of the hotel is great, it is above The Shops of Canal Place - upscale mall-, across the screet from Harrah's and the Aquarium of the Americas, it is close to everything, the french quarter is basically on one side of the hotel. The Streetcars are just across the street, you can ride the Riverfront streecart all the way to the French Market/Flea Market. The Canal streetcar can be taken to City Park and the Art Museium. The St Charles Streetcar takes you all the way to the Audobon zoo and the uptown area. At the time we were there the traffic on the Missisipi was closed, due to a barge oil spill, so we were not able to do any of the ferry crossing or go on the Natchez paddleboat.Parking all around New Orleans is very difficult and expensive, if you stay in the 2 near the hotel it runs around $18.00 for the day.Because the lobby is on the 11th floor the elevators are kind of confusing, you have some that go from the mall all the way to the lobby, and for security some elevators from the lobby to the rooms.There are 2 Cafe Du Monde in New Orleans, one is on 800 Decatur Street, very easing walking towards the french quarter but always very full and requires waiting for a table, and the second is behind the hotel in the Riverwalk Mall, in the foold court, was able to have breakfast 2 days without any wait.All in all a wonderfull stay at this hotel  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cblafayette
<Content>Nice but a little inconvenient The hotel itself was nice. The rooms were updated and what you would expect for a Westin. The heavenly bed was heavenly. The room service was great. We ordered room service for breakfast and loved it. The room was kid-friendly. There weren't any obvious things our child could hurt herself on. However, they did not have valet parking. We had to park at the Canal Place Shopping Center. You had to use the elevator of the shopping center to get to the hotel lobby on the 11th floor. Then, you had to use a different elevator to get to the rooms. The elevators were very slow and some were broken. I found this a little inconvenient especially with a small child. Enjoyed my stay, but not sure I would stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	2	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>KayakPatty
<Content>Convenient Location, great views! We stayed here for one night for my husband's birthday. We live in Covington - only about an hour away but wanted to spend the weekend in New Orleans. The room was great - we had a magnificent view of the Mississippi River and the French Quarter. In fact we could see all the way to Lake Pontchartrain. The bed was really nice, the bathroom and shower were also good. The only thing was that they didn't have shampoo or a shower cap. A couple of things I am used to having. I am sure if we had requested them we would have received them but I had some in my bag so didn't need to. The location of this hotel is great - it is above Canal Place - an upscale mall. It is across the street from the Aquarium of the Americas. The French Quarter is basically on one side of it and the CBD on the other. The Riverfront Streetcar is just across the parking lot and you can ride it to the end of the French Quarter - all the way to the Flea/Farmer's market. We took it to just past Jackson Square and then walked a few blocks to Stella (great restaurant by the way). The Canal St. Streetcar is right in front of the hotel and you can ride it to City Park and the Museum of Art. A few blocks away is the St. Charles Ave. streetcar which will take you to Audubon Park Zoo and the uptown area. Harrah's casino is across the street if you want to gamble a bit. The Canal St. ferry is across the street if you want to take a short ride (I think it's free - if not it is very cheap no more than $1.25) across the river and back. Parking is easy and not too expensive comparatively speaking. But it can be a little confusing to go from the parking garage to the hotel. Make sure you use the elevators near the middle of the garage - not on the corner.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>GabbieGirl
<Content>Major Regret! Likely the worst hotel experience or at the top of the list. Made arrangements through central reservations was told about a heated roof top pool and many amenities. Arrived with two little kids anxious to swim on the roof top pool, were told the pool was not open it was under construction. The staff was very apologetic for being given false information. The kids asked if they could just see the pool and view, security would not allow this either. It was late, we had already valet parked and brought in our bags so we stayed... The electricity flickered many times the following morning causing us concerns as it was clearly not a stormy or weather issues. It resulted in our air-conditioning going out, it took them 90 minutes to bring breakfast. We would have just left but were afraid of the electrical issues and elevators since we were on the 23 floor! Our room got to 80' before we left at noon. Again staff was nice and brought a fan. We didn't realize until later that it was covered in some nasty black dust or ??? and got all over us and our stuff... so we had to get ready again... Kids pancakes were smothered in chocolate syrup, this was unexpected and not listed. The hotel is connected to a mall but the food court closed very early and the mall is pretty empty. We were refunded our room and breakfast and Auriel (staff) was very apologetic... It was beyond horrible... hot, hungry and lied to about a pool! The pool was the main reason we stayed here. We frequently stay at SPG properties. The next week we returned and stayed at the Le Pavillion, totally different experience. Roof top pool was perfection and our experience was SPECTACULAR! Same price, two totally different experiences. The Westin is in a nice location on the water and has potential... just flopped and let us down, won't try it again...  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>NYC_RichR
<Content>Worst. Experience. EVER. What a horrible experience. So bad, in fact, that when I got back home, i wrote a 3-page letter to the management describing all of the problems and frustrations I encountered at the hotel...and I cc'd Starwood corporate offices. Starwood immediately responded, but the hotel did not. After several more attempts to reach the hotel management, they finally called me back at my office, but I was unavailable. They didn't leave a message and never called back. This was typical of my stay. It started when they put me in a room that was already occupied and i walked in on a woman getting dressed. Then there were construction noises, a staff that didn't take much interest in their work, and the list goes on. The hotel is in a great location, but I would go out of my way to find any place other than this hotel. You will spend all of your time on the phone with the front desk trying to get things the housekeeping staff didn't stock the first time (had to call for towels, had to call for coffee supplies...there's quite a long list). On several days there was no hot water. And the management didn't bother to warn us inadvance that there would be a lot of construction and noise (even on Sunday). If I was running the hotel and my front desk had already gotten half a dozen calls from the same room, i would have alerted the staff that we were failing this guest and asked them to step it up a bit. But that wasn't the case, the service just got worse the longer I stayed (i was there for 5 days). The hallway was never cleaned, glasses sat outside of doors for days. It was horrible all the way around. I like Westins, but this one in no way lived up to the Westin name. STAY ANY PLACE ELSE. And it seems the management won't really care anyway.  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	5	1	1	1	2	

<Author>alexa82
<Content>Nice location, Pool is closed! We decided to stay her because neither my husband of myself had never been to New Orleans and we thought we would be better off with a chain hotel. Everything was nice, we thought the beds were comfy and the shower was nice. I was very upset though to find a sign on the door leading to the pool that it was closed. Had we been advised on this we would have stayed somewhere else. The location is good but when we go back we will stay in the French Quarter. Also the elevator situation is very confusing!  
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>BostonDaveL
<Content>Solid conference hotel I was here for three days attending a small conference (about 200 people) in the hotel. Great location -- removed from the hustle and smell of the French Quarter but only about 5 blocks away. I was in room 1618 and had a beautiful view of the Mississippee and the French Quarter. The hotel layout is rather strange, with entrances on the first and third floors and the main lobby on the 11th. The check-in desk was surprisingly small and a long line formed as conference attendees arrived. There are two main elevator banks, one of which has room-key activated elevators allowing access to the guest room floors. At the end of conference sessions, these four elevators were swamped and there was a wait of several minutes to get back to the rooms. Stairs are available but not easy to find and clearly meant for emergency use only. My room was well-appointed with a very comfortable bed and a massive tile bathroom. I struggled with the room temperature though -- it was generally too cold. There is a thermostat, but I couldn't figure out how to make it do what I wanted. In addition to a +/- button to set the temperature, there was a second button that toggled an orange light on and off. That button seemed to make a big difference, but without instructions I didn't know when to turn it on and when to turn it off. The room had a pretty large flat screen TV, although reception was surprisingly poor on several channels. Given the location and quality of the room, I'd say this was a very good value for the conference rate ($159 plus taxes, single occupancy). But I'm downgrading my review to average because of the logistical difficulties encountered trying to navigate through the hotel.  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	5	5	2	-1	3	

<Author>Lambdachi6
<Content>Top of the Line This hotel is one of the nicest in New Orleans in terms of the views and overall finish of the hotel. Rooms are very clean and updated with flat screen TVs, etc. It is in a great location above a high end shopping mall downtown. The staff is excellent. I was expecting a little more from the hotel fitness facility, but it is adequate unless you are a true gym rat. If so, the gym at the nearby W hotel is somewhat better.  
<Date>May 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gahlisary
<Content>Solid Hotel, Great Location and Views Came down to JazzFest with a bunch of buddies and were scattered across several different hotels. Girlfriend and I got a room at this Westin. Pretty solid hotel, great location on Iberville, just a block from Decatur and the quarter. Check-in was pretty easy except for the fact the first room they sent us to reaked of smoke in a non-smoking hotel. After a trip back downstairs we were quickly given another room with no hassle. Rooms are nicely decorated in that minimilist Westin design. Very plush carpeting, comfy bed with white down comforter, and a flat screen tv. Bathroom also looked newly designed with fancy wallpaper and a stylish wooden bench for the towels. Hotel is actually built as part of Canal Place, an upscale mall and for, that reason, the lobby is up on the 11th floor. The upside is that its a beautiful lobby with great views of the quarter and the river, but to get to your room you have to access two different elevator banks which is a little inconvenient. One afternoon we came home to the room not having been cleaned and when we called them, they quickly sent up a team of 6 (!!!) housekeepers to clean the room. Maybe it was some training session? However, despite all those housekeepers they still forgot to leave towels, and we only had one clean bath towel. Called them again and, again very quickly, another housekeepeer came up and asked us what we needed. As she went down the hall to get the towels, another (the 8th!) housekeeper showed up asking how she could help us. The quick responses were great, but its pretty clear the housekeeping staff is a little confused. Later that night, the manager sent us a coupon for one free breakfast, which was appreciative.While they were making up the room, we had drinks at the bar in the lobby called River 127. Nice space, with the same great views as the lobby. While one bartender made an awesome pair of drinks, the relief bartender did not, so for our 3rd round, we had to surrepticiously find the original bartender and pesonally request the round from him. Regardless, very friendly staff and I think they even wiped off a round from our bill, due to the confusion. Other than that, we had a wonderful time and while we rarely take notice of particularly friendly staff, this hotel had very friendly people, from the bartenders to the concierge to the check-in people. Would not hesitate to return here.  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MatsMoe
<Content>No Valet, drag bags thru Mall This location offers No Valet service. Self park only. Go to the 9th floor and take the elevator to the 11 floor. Problem is which elevator to use.....If you take the one marked 'elevator' it will take you to the Canal Mall food court level no further. So you have to carry your bag across the mall to another set of elevators to the Westin level. Here's a hint take the elevators that are marked 'Canal' and you can go directly to the Westin hotel The front desk was quick and efficient and sincerely apologized for the inconvience. The guest room smelled old and the room was far less what I am use to for a Westin Hotel. We had drinks at the lounge after about 10 mins we went up to the bar and placed our order. The bartender was busy making a list of his supplies and never came by to refill our glasses, again we had to go up to the bar and ask for another.The towels and linens were stiff and abrasive. And the 'Heavenly' bed was NOT a heavenly bed but instead it felt like a bed with lots of cushions to make up for it NOTbeing a heavenly bed.The hotel is connected to the Canal Mall. Not lots to see. Sort of a let down. The 'gift shop' was more like shopping the travel size section of your favorite storeI won't purposely book another room here if I can help it in the future.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	4	3	5	3	-1	

<Author>susisc
<Content>Great stay! After reading other earlier reviews regarding renovation issues, we were a bit apprehensive about the Westin. But what we found was a lovely hotel, w/ only minor issues to address. We chose the Westin because, as former residents of NOLA, we knew it was once a very nice hotel in a great location, and we requested a river view so that our young child could enjoy watching the activity on the river.'Turns out the view was better than we had imagined it would be! In addition to ship and barge traffic on the river, we overlooked the FQ Festival going on just below at Woldenberg park. Our proximity to Canal Place, the Quarter, Harrahs, the Aquarium, the River and ferry, the Warehouse District etc. was awesome.Our room itself was very newly renovated, and lovely. It was furnished in a more contemporary style than many New Orleans hotels, but I actually prefer that. The lobby was, from what I learned, also newly renovated, and it's 11th floor view of the River makes it a great place for hanging out.The common areas (elevators, hallways) have not been redone yet. While they aren't bad, I do hope that they will also be addressed soon.Parking is $20/day, less than what I'd read, and very reasonable for a city like New Orleans. It was also self-park, which avoided the hassles of waiting for the valet, etc.All-in-all a very nice place to stay. We'll definitely stay there next time too!  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>MahaHouston
<Content>Fantastic Hotel I booked the hotel through priceline, so I named my own rate, and when I found it was this hotel and I saw the reviews on trip advisor I was terrified. It was a very pleasant surprise once we got there. Whatever construction or remodeling problems existed before are now gone, the hotel was fantastic and everyone that worked there was so nice. It was close enough to the Quarter to walk, but far enough to get a nice break. The room was gorgeous with a great view. Plasma tv, marble entry, great bathroom, spotless, and very comfortable bed. The bar area is spectacular and after a long day of walking and eating it is great to curl up on some of the chairs by the massive windows and relax with a great view of the river. I would stay here again in a heartbeat! If you are going here do not be scared away by any past bad reviews, it was great...and I am a really picky customer.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Jeffslaw
<Content>Westin Is Right Up There       A Portion of the Fantastic View From Our Room  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>kmcm217
<Content>Awesome Hotel, Great Location, Superior Service       20th Floor Room  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kristalinamam
<Content>Okay, but not worth the money Location was excellent, and the view of the city was extreme. Very disappointed in decor of rooms. No chairs were in the room, just too very comfortable beds. Lots of stains in the hall carpeting, and hall had a strange baby powder smell. Difficult to find parking and entrance to hotel. The Westin charges you for there wireless internet. The bottled water was $5.00. You can go next door to Harrahs and get free beverages. For the price you pay for these rooms you would think that internet would be free. We tried to check out on using the television and it would not work. Room was clean, and we did feel safe there, but not happy with all the extra charges. Found staff very friendly!  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	5	5	4	4	1	

<Author>Mauiaanniversary
<Content>Great Location Stayed on property for weekend. King River View Room completely refurbished--very nicely appointed. Location perfect--easy access to Harrah's Casino, Canal Place shopping, and French Quarter.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>night4owl
<Content>Still haas issues - GREAT location! GREAT view. This property has been under rennovation since June of 2007. The rennovation is substantially complete according to the Engineering staff. However the rennovation seems to have been limited to cosmetics and furniture. Anyone that had stayed there before the rennovations would probably suffer culture shock. The Old World look in the lobby is gone. It has been replaced with that universal one size fits all contemporary look. Other than cosmetics little was done to renew the infrastructure. Elevators get stuck. The hot water seems under powered. On the plus side the rooms are generally up to snuff. The staff appears to know what they are doing. The location cannot be beat and the view is teriffic. There is also a roof top pool for in season swimming.This property was once THE premier hotel in New Orleans. It is a shame what is current owners, Columbia-Sussex, have allowed it to degnerate to.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>3	2	5	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>Martha5
<Content>room with a great view This was our first time staying at the Westin Canal Place. Location was great. Spectacular view from our room of the Mississippi River and French Quarter. Lobby was beautiful and service was excellent. I was a little dissappointed in our room due to the contemporary styling - I prefer an old world look, more New Orleans feel - but this is just my opinion. I didn't find the rooms very sound proof either. I heard the neighboring rooms come in at 2:30 AM and 4:30 AM. Other than that - the rooms were very clean and everything is brand new - beautiful white duvet comforters on the bed, flat screen TV, etc. Service was outstanding.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>denealio
<Content>Renovations NOT completed       Nice TV stand!  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>1	2	2	5	5	1	1	4	

<Author>petelajr
<Content>A great place to stay After reading some of the reviews I was a little concerned. But all of that faded away upon our arrival. The staff was excellent and our room was ready when I arrived (2:30pm). The room was clean with a great view of the city especially at night. There was some construction noise while they were installing the high speed internet but nothing that really bothered me. Having the lobby on the 11th floor made for a great view of the river and we were away from the normal street noise and traffic.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Arkansas70
<Content>A Hotel Service from Hell ! My wife and I arrived at 2:30 Pm on December 6, 2007 and was told at the Desk as we checked in that our room would not be ready for 1 1/2 hours as they were behind in cleaning the rooms.We decided to spend that time at the oyster bar and returned to discover the room was still not cleaned. We were then told it would be another 1 1/2 Hours more. There were about 100 more people in the lobby waiting for the same purpose. After waiting in the lobby for some 5 or more hours, we were taken to our room. We settled down in the room and went out to have a late dinner. When we returned to our room we found the toilet did not flush so I tried to call down stairs and the phone did not work. I had to get dressed and go to the desk and ask for service. They finally sent some one up to fix both problems and some time later we got in bed. We had confirmed our reservations which were made 2 months prior, the day before we were to arrive and was told all was in order and they expected our arrival . My wife is a heart patient and after 7 hours of travel we had to sit for over 5 hours in the lobby to get a room which reservations had been confirmed. Every time I inquired at the desk about the progress of getting our room I was always told they were cleaning the room and it would be a hour and half more. There were people that had to find another hotel who arrived before me and had already waited several hours before me. This was the worst service of my 50 years of travel as an adult. We were there for 2 nights and no financial compensations for the poor service was offered. We paid our bill in full upon departure and I will not return to be abused again..  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>1	1	5	5	5	1	1	2	

<Author>Vacationer9898
<Content>Don't stay here. It is a dump. Westin better make a whole lot of updates before they put their name with this dump. To check in, you have to go to the 11th floor. The checkin people are helpless at best. To find the separate elevator to get to the room is another challenge. Once I found the elevator, I hit the button and the elevator didn't go anywhere. After reading, I learned that you have to put your key in to go to any of the room floors. Anytime you went somewhere outside the building, you had to take two elevators. They taped the room numbers to the doors and it is definitely in bad shape. On the 20 something floor, I heard every single freight train that went by all hours of the night. The tile when I first opened the door is quite impressive Westin style and there is a nice flat panel screen television. The room is spacious and relatively clean. The bathroom is atrocious with the tub scratched up and putty around the drain. The stool would only flush if you held the lever down for quite a while. They offered a wakeup call, but the phone did not work. They said they sent up maintenance, and the phone still did not work. Service is terrible at best. j Hot water was non existent. In the late evening, there was luke warm water. In the morning, the warmest water you could get was COLD. Stay away from here. This I believe is the first or second time that I have ever given a terrible rating.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	1	

<Author>ericablair
<Content>Stay Away in Droves! A disaster. This hotel is a contruction site...though you would have no idea from their website. We lacked even basic amenities, like chairs, water glasses and coat hangers. The electric power tools went on between 7:30 and 8 every morning and didn't stop til late afternoon. Listless staff, unresponsive to problems with the rooms.We would have been less aggravated if Westin had been more upfront about the conditions in the hotel, but everyone we tried to deal with carried on as if it it was just a normal upmarket place (a glass of gloppy white wine in the bar: $14) with inconsequential adjustments going on in the background. And we would have been sympathetic if the renovations were necessary due to Hurricane Katrina -- but it was just a redo because Westin had acquired the property from Wyndham and wanted to spruce it up. Fortunately, while we were in New Orleans we met people who had many favorite places to stay, so farewell, Westin Canal Place!  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	3	3	1	-1	

<Author>scootercus
<Content>Wait until it is a Westin If you want to skip this review my recommendation is wait until Westin (who purchased this property) puts it name on it before staying. For the others: we were booked into this hotel as part of a conference so this wouldn't have been my first choice to begin with. The hotel is going through reconstruction, at least three floors are closed. The location is great. The lobby and restaurant (11th floor with views of the Missippippi) have been completed and looks very nice. The staff is friendly and is trying but don't know how to properly run a hotel. Our room had a great view and had been open for 2-3 weeks according to employees. No curtains yet, mold in the bathtub and coffee pot. My wife took the pot to one of the managers and asked if he would drink from it. He offered to bring up a pot of coffee from the restaurant. The sheets were dirty with food. We were told they change the linens every 3 days and have been having problems with their cleaners. They came in and changed the sheets for us. They gave us trash cans and light bulbs which were missing. The sink was plugged and a plumber had to come in to snake it. There were pieces of drywall and caulking on the hallway floor throughout the five days they were there even though we told the staff the hall was dirty the whole week. After complaining about the conditions of our room, we received two brunch and four drink coupons. This hotel has a lot of potential, its too bad because I want this place to do well. Those that stayed after the conference checked out and went to the Hilton Riverwalk next door.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	5	2	-1	

<Author>skelly3055
<Content>Welcome back! If you want to experience New Orleans and find it in your heart to show you care and want to help....expect the few things like constructions and no valet for now, because folks were displaced and lost alot...but still want to share their city to all who visit. No words can describe the view from the 11th floor lobby ,once you arrive and see the Mississippi River wrap around the French Qtr. Historical images of events came to mind.This is the only Hotel to sit and enjoy that over drinks or coffee, while classic Jazz played overhead. I have stayed at several hotels in this city and have chosen this as my favorite!  The Staff were great / friendly and our late evening check-in was easy. The bellman greeted us and appolgized for no Valet service, the Dbl rm 18th flr river view was amazing, the bathroom was lrg, nice decor but w /out vent and cold water.(since the hotel is changing over to a Westin and constructions were underway ...with signs posted throughout,we understood things were to be expected for such a great rate)The elevator was always ready to take you anytime .Swimming Pool on top level 29th flr was fun and 360 views of the city was amazing! Had to walk past renovations and up a flight of steps, so beware that new things are underway!!!Easy steps to French Qtr and parking lot in front ,made the selections for exploring the town by foot or car great.$20 for 12-24 hr parking. Still reasonable compared to other cities.Also, the Hotel is located inside the shopping center of High-end goods and Art house Movies and a Stage theater too.I cannot find too many faults on the Hotel and realise the conditions it was under after Katrina and hope those who posted would forgive and return to see the improvements in the future.I was welcomed back and will return.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	3	5	5	3	

<Author>ABOGAN
<Content>Just a bit noisy... My family and I were at the Wyndham for several days last week. It is a very nice hotel. We really did not know what to expect post-Katrina. We were pleasantly surprised with the hotel and the immediate surroundings.We were originally placed on the 21st floor but it sounded as if someone was hammering directly above our heads. We were told by the front desk that construction was be completed on the upper floors. Work began at approximately 9:00 a.m. until 6:00 p.m.!. It was so annoying that we had to ask to be moved. We were moved to the 17th floor, but it didn't get better! So we suffered through it because we didn't want to loose the beautiful view we had.The rooms were very nice and clean and the decor was lovely. From our room we were able to see the Saturday night fireworks show on the river.A pleasant staff - including the cleaning ladies. There was a stain on the hallyway floor near the elevator that should be removed asap...disgusting!We attended a banquet on the 12th floor. The room was very nice, the servers were very pleasant and the food was the best we had during our entire stay in New Orleans!Garage parking...something must be done about the in-and-out charges! Hotel guests should be allotted a reasonable fee if they choose to park in the garage.Shrimp and Grits...I first had them last year while in South Carolina. Delicious!!! So I see this dish is on the breakfast menu at the Wyndham. I ordered the dish through room service and I was soooo disappointed. I was served a simple plate of grits and shrimp WITHOUT the sauce or the cheese! Was the chef on something while preparing my dish???The pool. Although the family had to walk up 2 flights of stairs to get access to the pool due to construction on the upper floors, they enjoyed the indoor pool.We would return and stay at the Wyndham on Iberville...just won't order the shrimp and grits...we'll wait until we return to Bubba Gumps in South Carolina!We have family members who unfortunately lost everything during Katrina. We pray that the Lord will continue to bless the city officials and citizens and the communities of New Orleans. Stay strong and prayerful as you work hard to bring your beautiful city back.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ArlingtonW
<Content>Stay could have been better My wife and I stayed at this property one weekend in May for a friend's wedding in New Orleans. This property was one of the hotels suggested by the soon-to-be-newlyweds and was where the reception was located; we received a negotiated rate. Overall, the stay was average.The good: the bellmen downstairs were very friendly and had answers to all of our questions. They were also apologetic for the fact that the hotel does not currently offer valet service (but they had no explanation). They could also get a cab for you whenever you wanted it. When we arrived, they unloaded our car, took our name, and sent up our bags while we parked our car in the parking garage. The lobby of the hotel, on the 11th floor, was nicely decorated. The personnel working the front desk were nice and asked us if we had any preference on our room location (low/high floor, near/far from elevator), which was a nice touch. We requested and received a room on a high floor, away from the elevator and facing the river. The view from our room was outstanding. The elevators were some of the fastest I've ridden in!The bad: No valet parking (as mentioned above), and as such, we had to park in an attached garage that serves both the hotel and the Shops at Canal Place. The hotel has a negotiated rate with the garage for $18/night with NO in and out privileges. We parked our car on Friday afternoon and it did not move until we left Sunday morning and we paid $32 for parking. The rooms were, at best, average; the hotel is showing its age and it seems as if hotel management is putting some needed repairs/remodeling on hold perhaps for the reason that the property may soon be sold (as mentioned in earlier reviews). There was a sizable stain on the carpet in our room as well as in the carpet in the hallway leading to the elevator. The staff working the hotel bar were, in a word, horrible. We were there for a wedding, and most of the wedding party and out of town guests were staying at the hotel, and the reception was at the hotel, so you can probably imagine that the hotel bar was quite busy both evenings. I can understand being a bit overwhelmed at times, but for the most part, the hotel bar had one bartender working trying to take care of 30+ people. On the rare occasion that a second employee showed up, it was the manager (or at least that's what was on his name tag), and he usually busied himself with waiting on ONLY girls and then after waiting on them he would sit and flirt with them while another dozen or so people would stare daggers in his direction. When he did wait on you, he was quite rude. In a word, probably one of the worst bar workers I've ever seen in action.The reception: We had a great time. The reception was held in a ballroom on the 12th floor and the food was really good. They had a wide selection of finger foods (chicken fingers, shrimp, quiche, etc.) along with a pasta bar  a roast beef station. They also had a wonderful seafood gumbo. All in all, if you're looking to have a reception somewhere in New Orleans near the French Quarter, the food at this hotel is really good.As I point out in most reviews that I write that have this problem, the hotel does not offer free Internet access. What's more, they charge $12.95 per day for service. In this day and time, that is unacceptable. Our room had a nice desk and office/business chair and the hotel is very near the downtown area in New Orleans, so I am sure that many business travelers stay there, so it would be nice if Internet access was complimentary.The hotel is at the end of Iberville Street, and is bordered on the other side by Canal Street (and Harrah's Casino, which is across the street). It is within walking distance of the French Quarter, Bourbon Street, etc., which is convenient. It is also part of the Shops at Canal Place complex, which is a three story mall. The first three floors of the building are the mall, floors four through ten are the parking garage, and then the hotel comprises floors eleven and above. It's a rather unique setup.Overall, this is a decent hotel in a good location that has a few problems that may or may not be getting addressed due to the fact that the property may soon be sold. Hopefully those problems will be ironed out soon because this hotel is not that far away from being a consistently five-star reviewed property.  
<Date>May 27, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	4	3	2	

<Author>asi
<Content>Good experience After reading other reviews, I was somewhat sceptical about staying at the Wyndam on my visit on Apr. 20, '07 for 2 nights. We had not booked thru Wyndham but gave them our By Request number at check-in and within an hour they had our favorite beverages in our room. Our room was spacious and clean with a view of the river. We did not eat in the restaurant but the bar was very nice and personnel pleasant. They did tell me the hotel was changing ownership, but based on everything I experienced, I would never have known. I had no bad experiences during my 2 day stay and would definitely consider staying there again.  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mexicohangover
<Content>Good stay. Not perfect but good. Odd Hotel but nice. Odd because The lobby is on the 11th floor. Also, no valet parking, but a large parking garage. Anyone who drives a car to the French Quarter knows the feeling of relief when they park at the entrance and hand their keys to a valet. An incredible weight lifted and now begins your drinking and eating fest. So those two points are strange but easy to look past. My main negatives are about the room and they are minor. Large pink drink stain on the carpet(I can only assume that was the remnants of a hurricane from Pat O's). Also, the bed comforter and decorative pillows look pretty old. When you consider that with the nightly debauchery comitted on them. They need to be changed. Location was great, Jazzfest was great. I love New Orleans. The food and the fun is back. I can't speak to any other areas as I always mainly stay in the Quarter. Anymore familiar and adventurous travelers need another reviewer to tell you how all outlying area are for business and tourism. Bottom line I got this hotel for about $125 a night with Priceline. I feel I got my moneys worth at that price. The $279 a night that was being asked everywhere else is a bit excessive for what the hotel has to offer.  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>NortheastJSj
<Content>Needs a Thorough Cleaning Low points: real cleanliness issues-changed rooms 3 times over 24 hours to get a clean one; stained bedcoverings; hairs (not mine) in bathroom prior to use, tub, counter and on floors; stained/dirty chairs. Whole place absolutely needs a thorough scrubbing - common area bathrooms (womens) had a wall so stained it looked like an old urinal.High points: fantastic location; comfortable bedding; great views from the river side and a wonderful city to visit. Staff seems to be trying to do its best but trying to do too much.An absolutely thorough scouring, then regular attention to routine cleaning would dramatically improve this place. They seem to be exceptionally short-staffed (currently a problem all over New Orleans). The Wyndham chain could help save this hotel by sending a cleaning crew in, top to bottom and then auditing regularly. There were lots of complaints about room cleanliness from others in my group as well, while some rooms were OK. So really really inconsistent.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	1	3	2	3	

<Author>Anonymous774
<Content>A good place with a great view       View from my room 3  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>liveinasuitcase
<Content>A real shame What a shame. Shame this hotel is in the best location in the city, stayed here before and thoroughly enjoyed it-NOT THIS TIME. Front desk staff is nice, Jacqueline tries hard and is a real asset, bell staff is great. However hotel is too dirty for me to return or ever recommend.I travel almost every week so I know hotels and in 10 years have only written 2 complaint letters however this was the worst room for $180 I ever saw (and that was the Expedia rate).First room- Mouse droppings behind bed in first room (ask Rochelle) and looked like feces on mattress, pubic hairs on toilet, bedspread huge stains on it. Second room- Had to call like 3 times to get mattress pad on second bed (blood on side of mattress), they changed sheets and added two mattress pads but didn鈥檛 get pillow cases that fit (threw sheet over them bed until second day and never got a blanket (used two sheets). Carpets in rooms are dirty, dirty dirty. Was hassle getting Internet even though By Request member, they swiped my cc upon arrival but didn鈥檛 turn phone on until second day (said they had no CC on file). One of phones in room didn鈥檛 work. Last day, they left 1/2 roll of toilet paper, no spare roll. Next morning I asked for toilet paper at 8:30 in morning, asked them to have in room by 11:30. At 12:30- no toilet paper, two phone calls later (when I desperately needed to use bathroom) finally got it. I understand this was a FEMA refugee center after Katrina and actually still looks like one. I also understand it is in an ownership transition. However it sure runs down the Wyndham name. Wish I stayed at the Hampton.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	5	5	2	

<Author>CODenver
<Content>Good overall The hotel staff was fairly friendly, albeit slow service in the restaurants. On the upside: the room was clean/comfortable and the banquet food quite excellent. I would be willing to return.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>o-towntraveler
<Content>Disappointed with Wyndham Location is great and the views are awesome. Our room was clean  nicely decorated. what was very sad was to see how dirty  stained the carpets were in the halls  main areas . the walls needed to be painted  cleaned...the art work was hung crooked.the men's restroom in the lobby was extremely filthy. I spoke to a tech there  he stated they would get around to it later on. There was no rush to improve since the hotel was going to be sold soon, he said. For the premium cost we were paying, it should have been 1st class not just whatever. I will not return  spend the $$$ at another hotel. what a shame since wyndham has historically been good.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>2	1	4	5	1	3	2	1	

<Author>Mr. Matt
<Content>Post-Katrina, Pre-Westin Have been a quest at this Wyndham twice within the last three months, and in my opinion it has the best location in New Orleans. Can't beat.... comfortable and clean rooms, Canal St., location on the edge of the French Quarter (an easy walk), next door to the Imax and Aquarium,across the street from Harrahs Casino and a beautiful lobby with a magnificent view of the French Quarter and Mississippi River!!!.My one complaint, which caused some minor irritation, was that the Front Desk staff were not always on the same page giving conflicting information regarding the Hotel ,special requests etc.. However I attribute this inconsistency to the fact that since Hurricane Katrina, many of the Staff members are relative new and not well versed on this Hotel. .Was advised that in Nov. this property will revert back to the Westin Chain, with a complete renovation planned. This change can only improve its attractiveness and desirabiliity .Post- Katrina New Orleans finds the French Quarter and Garden District in great shape with very little evidence of the devastation..  
<Date>Aug 8, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NCee
<Content>Had a Wonderful Stay - Could not been treated any better! I was a guest at the Wyndham New Orleans at Canan Place for eight days and my total experience was more than I thought - being post Katrina. My room was clean and large with a wonderful view of the Mississippi and the lights from the French Quarter at night was simply awesome!My requests were handled professionally and quickly. I found the staff wonderful, friendly but above all willing to go the extra mile.Although the food menu could had been expanded - the quality was equal to other four star hotel resturants.I will be returning to New Orleans in November of 2007 and will again stay at this property - even though it will no longer be a Wyndham.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Metrygirl
<Content>Hotel in transition As a Wyndham by Request member you are given a room up-grade if available but after arriving at the 20% occupied hotel we were told there were no rooms available to be up-graded to. We were given a room the size of a closet for a rate of 144.00 nightly. The on-line ad boasted 450 sq.ft. riverview . We went downstairs and asked to speak with the front desk manager to be moved to something better and she didn't even come out to greet us but told the rude clerk to grant our request. Well the room was large but it looked like it was furnished at a garage sale(blue carpet, green chairs, old worn yellow sofas). Also, there was no room service available until 5 p.m. Of all the hotels I could have spent my 50th Birthday at, unfortunately we picked this one. Bell staff told us the Westin was going to buy this property. Don't make the mistake we did. Go to the Hilton or the Marriott!  
<Date>Jul 25, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a wonderful time... I just returned from my WeddingMoon in New Orleans (yeah!). My husband and I stayed at the Wyndham Canal and it was wonderful! You have to keep in mind that the city is slowly rebuilding when you write these reviews. We stayed there for 4days/5nights. I did take the advice of other TripAdvisor reviews and signed up with WyndhamByRequest ~ free service ~ before we left, which made it a lot nicer (we received a free room upgrade to a Junior Suite - it may have been slightly bigger than my last apt :). The front desk clerk was kind of..okay I'll say it..rude, but I talked to her with respect anyway, so after a few minutes she didn't bother me. The staff at the Green Lounge and the River127 restaurant inside the hotel were all very friendly and helpful. The fact that there is an upscale mall with a food court on the 1st-3rd floors of the hotel (Hotel Lobby is on the 11th floor) was even sweeter. The Aquarium of the Americas, Riverwalk, and Harrah's Casino are just steps away...The place was amazing. I will definitely stay at the Wyndham Canal whenever I visit NOLA.  
<Date>May 31, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>hmcrn2
<Content>Getting There post Katrina My husband and I stayed at the Wyndham Canal for three nights to attend a wedding reception held there. The hotel itself has apparently cleaned up some since the last reviewer, because we did not find any stains or mold. We had a king room. Good sized bathroom with good water pressure and an extra shelf to put items. Large room with an incredible view of the river and surrounding area. There is a thermostat control in the room which worked well. (it was a very humid weekend). The bed at first seemed a little lumpy, but we both slept wonderfully. (good pillows) The maid service did not show up until about five every day. All of N.O. is short of service staff still. The people who normally hold these jobs have just not moved back there yet. But they did a good job cleaning, and restocking. We are a member of the Wyndham By Request club, so they upgraded us to a river view room on the 27th floor. I highly recommend joining this... you get upgrades and free newpapers, bottled water and snacks. The rooftop pool is open, however we did not use it.We got a great rate on the hotel's website.... better than on any of the other travel sites.Parking is not included in the room, but there is a lot directly across the street, and the parking garage on the bottom 4-10 floors of the building. The hotel lobby is on the 11th floor. The mall on the bottom three floors of the building is still in the rebuilding stage. Some shops are open, and some food venders, but alas, not Starbucks. Plenty of great places to eat are open with in walking distance to the French Quarter however, and the Casino is right across the street with restaurants and a Starbucks right inside the door. There are some of our old favorite restaurants still not open, or they have very reduced hours, so call or make sure when making plans.We only ate the breakfast buffet at the hotel, no other meals. The food was very average, and the waffles tasted like they had been cooked last week. Great omlet station though, great coffee, juice, and with very friendly staff.The wedding reception held on the 12th floor was fabulous. Great food, good size room and great set up with 2 bars and the food in a separate area from the tables and band. Would recommend the hotel for that alone. Also, the parents of the bride got a suite on the 22nd floor for the two days, and it was amazing. Great deal if you have several people staying as it has two rooms plus a huge living room/dining room area with couches, etc. It was a great place for the after party party.We would stay here again simply because the location is great, view is great, and the hotel itself is comfortable.  
<Date>May 31, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>kappyisking
<Content>nice view, but rooms are dirty i stayed here over the mardi gras. when you see the lobby of the place you are thinking its a good pick. but when i entered the first room they gave me,the floors were filthy,i'm talking stains and ground in dirt. the same for the bed covers,these were right in the middle of the bed. there was mold in the ice bucket and the phones didnt work and only one light worked. second room,nice view,smelled horrible like cigarettes and garbage,same thing with the spreads and floors,real dirty. third time we achieved an acceptable room,a five on a 1-10 scale. this is not a 4 or even a 3 star establishment. stay somewhere else,i've stayed at 6 other places and they were all cleaner.its a terrible disappointment for the price.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>amyhamilton5
<Content>My favorite hotel anywhere! We have returned to the Wyndham on Canal twice since our first visit in 2004. The hotel is absolutely beautiful! The rooms are so elegant, and I love ordering creme brule to the room at night and drinking wine from the mini-bar. The staff is exceptional, and being on the corner of the French Quarter offers convenience without dealing with the loud and drunken crowds that the area can attract on weekends. The bar on the lobby floor is very comfortable, and the view from the lobby is fantastic. We always request a riverview room: it offers a view of both the river and the French Quarter. If you happen to have a rainy day while visiting, the shops at Canal Place are wonderful and right in the building. There is also a Starbucks and a movie theater, which we've taken advantage of. The food ordered through room service is delicious. I cannot say enough good things about this hotel. In fact, we were planning on going to Charleston for our anniversary this year, but after perusing reviews on Charleston hotels and hunting for reasonable rates, we decided to change our destination and just head back to our favorite hotel in the Big Easy. The town is unbeatable; fantastic food, fantastic music, and friendly people. You will not regret choosing this hotel!  
<Date>Sep 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Wyndham at Canal Place When arriving at the Wyndham, the valet was extremely helpful and friendly. The check-in process was smooth. We had an excellent rate with my Wyndham by Rewards membership. Our room was 450 sq. ft. and was very nice. The view was outstanding of the town and the Mississippi River. It was perfect walking distance to everything. The staff was very helpful and I even had a bottle of wine, two bottled waters, and honey roasted peanuts waiting on me in the room. The bed and pillows were wonderful, very easy to sleep on. The only complaint, which I find this at every hotel is you could hear the outside noise in the hallway, but like I said every hotel I have stayed in you could here hallway noise. The bathroom and amenities were very nice. I would stay here again in a heartbeat!  
<Date>Aug 14, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely loved this hotel! I absolutely loved this hotel. The staff were wonderful and seemed to always know my name. That is pretty exceptional in itself, considering the number of guests that are registered at this hotel at one time! Our room was on the 25th floor and the view of the MS river was breathtaking. I could have stayed in our room the entire trip and been satisfied looking out that window! Our room was very clean and very nice. The bed was comfortable and the room well stocked. If you join Wyndham By Request, (FREE to join on the Wyndham website) they will ask you different questions regarding method of payment for your room, what types of snacks and beverages you prefer, etc... My husband and I arrived late to the hotel, but had a very smooth check in process. Everything was already in the computer, all we had to do was pick up our room keys. When we arrived at our room, we had homemade chocolate chip cookies and ice cold diet cokes waiting for us (Our favorites), along with a personal note from the Wyndham By Request manager, listing her personal phone number for any extra requests we might have during our stay. The location is within comfortable walking distance to all major attractions. We visited the French Market, Cafe DuMond, Aquarium of the Americas, IMAX Theater and the Riverwalk Mall in one day, walking to each one. Landry's Seafood is one block over and the food was scrumptious! I was a little nervous after reading a couple of previous reviews, concerning parking and the layout of the hotel. But, we had no complaints in either area. You do not have to use the Valet parking, as there is a public parking area directly in front of the hotel. Of course you still have to pay to park there, but you have to do that anywhere in New Orleans. We actually found it cheaper to park there on our own, and the doors to the hotel were only about 15 steps from our parking spot! We left our vehicle parked there for 2 1/2 days and only paid $30.00. Most hotels in New Orleans charge $20 to $25 for one day of parking. Also, we found out the reason the hotel lobby is on the 11th floor is because the first 10 floors of the building are made up of a parking garage and also a very nice mall. So, the 11th floor is the actual ground floor of the hotel. We did have to take a separate elevator to reach our rooms, but we did not find that inconvenient at all. The 2 sets of elevators were close together and I also liked the fact that we had to use our room key to access the guest elevators. Not just anyone off of the street can access the guest floors, so that was a plus. Overall, we had a great experience at this hotel and I can't wait to make a return visit. This will be the only place we will be staying during future trips to New Orleans!  
<Date>Aug 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kshenry
<Content>awesome experience!!! At the suggestion of another reviewer, I joined the FREE Wyndham By Request program on-line. I called a couple of days before our arrival to confirm my internet reservations and to request a river front room, explaining to the reservation specialist, Hester, that it was our 21st anniversary and we wanted everything to be perfect. When we arrived there was a long line to check in, but I walked straight up to the By Request check in counter, no lines and my room key was waiting. Immediately upon giving my name I was told Happy 21st Anniversary. I had reserved a room on the executive level, not really knowing what to expect. Our two-room suite was GORGEOUS, with each room having a large window over-looking the MS. River and the French Quarters. The room was very clean, well decorated and our requested extra pillows, towels and coffee were waiting in the room. Shortly after arriving we received a delivery of wine, water and fresh fruit, complimentary of the By Request program. We had considered staying in the French Quarter, but we were extremely satisfied with how convenient it was to get anywhere we wanted to go, without the noise on Bourbon. Unfortunately, Hurricane Dennis was headed towards our home town, so we requested to check out a day early and they were extremely understanding. The last thing said to us was Hope you had a good 21st Anniversary WOW.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>NY_traveller_41
<Content>The Wyndham Canal Place was fantastic My wife and I stayed at this hotel in August 2004. We are planning on returning to New Orleans in November so I thought I would check trip advsior to see if everyone else had the same wonderful experience as we had at this hotel. Not to my suprise (I have found before that people are awfully picky with the reviews in here) many people panned this hotel, and for the oddest of reasons, ie. The time it takes to get the valet to get your parked vehicle.This is a wonderful hotel. The staff was patient and professional (not to metion the bar staff that provide better drinks on each return visit...and remember your name) and the hotel was beautiful and could not be in a better spot. The hotel sits on the Mississippi river and the views from the rooms and the rooftop pool are fantastic. The mall exit brings you to the street directly across from Harrahs casino and there is a very short walk to Bourbon street and some of the finest entertainment in the world.The clientele of the hotel reminds you that you are not at the Super 8 and there appears to be a social event (wedding, etc.) every night, which leads even the sloppiest of persons to reconsider their cut off shorts and tank top as they walk through the lobby area.While I agree that the elevator system is awkward and inconvenient (the lobby is on the 11th floor, so you must take one elevator to the lobby, then exit to enter a second elevator for your room) at least being 11 floors up kept anyone from approaching me saying I'll bet you $20 I can tell you where you got them shoes....(the answer should you be approached on the street is on your feet).As for the rooms and issues regarding the cleanliness, I for one found our room to be exceptionally clean and well maintained. The fact that someone saw a roach should not surprise anyone. This is a very large hotel, with a large number of rooms (and room service) and it is attatched to a mall with a food court. This is Nirvana for a roach. If only one person saw a roach, I wouldn't consider that an issue, but perhaps my standards aren't as high. The bathroom was clean and kept well stocked with towels. The bed was fantastic and perfect for a good nights sleep. For 8 nights, I didn't hear a peep from the hallways outside my room.As for the price and any issues regarding that, I am far from a big spender but $160 a night (off season) doesn't seem unreasonable to me for a hotel such as this. I felt that my every need would be taken care of just for the asking. Chances are you will not spend a great deal of time in your room, and for the younger crowd, you may want to spend your money on Bourbon Street instead of on your hotel, but if you are a couple on vacation (read that to mean away from your kids) the quality of the room is of great importance and a classy in appearance hotel certainly helps.Some of the reviews I have read about Carribean hotels I have found to be overblown and elitist. I visited the very same hotels based on the good reviews I read and on finances and found that all of the complaints, while true and merited, were completely blown out of proportion. I am glad that I took my own advice on the Wyndham Canal Place  
<Date>Jul 8, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ngl
<Content>Good overall We stayed at this hotel during Jazz Fest for our annual Girls Only weekend and found it to be nice. The room was very clean and although not totally updated, much better than others we have stayed at (Marriott, etc). The location was within walking distance to the Quarter - very convenient. The Wyndham is connected to an upscale mall. This turned out to be very helpful when it poured all day on Saturday. We were able to walk into the Starbucks from the hotel/mall connection and watch all the soaking tourists come in from the street! Gave us something to do while it rained as there is a movie theatre there as well (not mainstream movies). The one down side to the hotel was the lobby is on the 11th floor. So you have to take one set of elevators to the 11th floor, get off, and get on another set to your room. I paid for the hotel on hotels.com and when I returned home found out the Wyndham charged me again. I called them and they immediately credited my account. From the way it sounds, this may happen often with internet reservations.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Lookout II
<Content>Great place to stay We enjoyed our stay due to the many extras this hotel has to offer. Our view of the Mississippi was wonderful and we spent a lot of time watching the boat traffic. The view from the rooftop pool is from the 30th Floor of the building. Our room was spacious with a dressing table, desk, quiet air and large bathroom. The service was fast and courteous. The Canal Place Mall has a Starbucks and right near it a small shop called Sue's News which sells among other things, bananas, juice, yogurt. So two mornings with the coffee maker in the room, food bought at these stores, we had a leisurely Continental breakfast in the room. From the lobby of the hotel, which is the 11th Floor of the Canal Place Mall there are two elevators to street level. One goes to the front of the hotel on Iberville and the other goes to the mall near the Canal Street exit. At night your room key opens a door to the mall (directly across the street from Harrahs casino) and when you reach the lobby your room key must be used to go to your floor by elevator.  
<Date>May 21, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ISAXTON
<Content>Good Location, Spacious Rooms Little bit odd configuration, you take the elevator to the 11th Floor to Check in. Then take a separate elevator to your room floor. Although unusual it meant that the rooms were secure from strangers wandering around.Our room had a large king bed and the room was spacious. The views are good from both sides of the hotel, but the river side is better.Housekeeping could have been better (Cup ring marks on the marble top of the nightstand for all three days we were there). I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>May 11, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>KNR1851
<Content>Comfotable, Nice Location I'm glad I decided to try the Wyndam. I looked for a room for hours before making a snap decision very late in the night. I felt the price was fair, the room was comfortable, and it had a magnificent location. The hotel is directly across the street from the Harrah's Casino and above the Canal Place Shopping center. The Shopping center has Gucci and Starbucks...everything a girl needs. The walk to the French Quarters was very easy, I would choose the Wyndam for convenience.  
<Date>May 9, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>ChrisR35
<Content>Location, location, location We got the room during Jazzfest for $129/night through Priceline, I wouldn't pay more than $100 on a less busy weekend. The views are nice from rooftop pool and lobby, and you can't beat location. The room was roomy but aged, and the bathroom sucked big-time: both faucets dripped all night, and shower was weak. Also, TV barely worked, but who cares when you're in the Quarter. I also don't know why anyone would eat the hotel's food when they're in the Quarter. I'd especially recommend for people who aren't bringing a car.  
<Date>May 5, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>rude front desk clerk the male clerk at the front desk was very rude to my wife, and the rooms could have been cleaner. the housekeeping staff were friendly, and the doormen morning and evening were excellent. the size of the rooms are very good and the location of the hotel could not be any better. we will go back to new orleans, but not sure if we will stay at wyndham.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>NLKelly
<Content>First Class Hotel We stayed at the Wyndham at Canal Place 5 nights during Mardi Gras. I booked a year in advance and was able to snag a first class room at a very good price. Our room overlooked the Mississippi and they provided us with complimentary welcome drinks and snacks. The hotel is located at the end of Canal Street adjacent to the French Quarter and Harrahs and the Aquarium. We were able to easily walk to Bourbon Street, the French Market, the jazz clubs, and the parades. Most parades pass near the hotel, but because it is toward the end of the parade route the crowds are thinner. The staff was very courteous and helped us secure taxis for our out of city excursions. An airboat swamp tour was a big hit with us. We enjoyed a jazz brunch at the hotel and were very satisfied with the service and food selection -- though a bit on the pricey side. Caution: Avoid the trolley during Mardi Gras. Transportation schedules are altered to accommodate the parades, and you may find yourself stranded miles from your destination. :)  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Parking and Valet Service is terrible The 45 minute wait for our automobile both times that we requested it from the parking valet was very inconvenient.....Especially since they charge $30 a day to park! They room was okay, but not worth the $700 that they charged for a 2 night stay!  
<Date>Mar 14, 2005
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>angeltee21
<Content>Very disappointed with this very beautiful hotel Upon arrival check in was a problem once in the room they did not have the correct bedding, and the shower handle was cracked and on top of all this we saw a roach. So I really have nothing great to say about this hotel except the view was nice. The food was extremely over priced and nasty. So no I would not stay here again when visiting New Orleans. Also the parking is $20.00 per day thats a negative also.   
<Date>Feb 9, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kariesue
<Content>WONDERFUL We arrived on December 18 with our two girls (13,16). They loved the lobby with its beautiful Christmas decorations and view. We were pleased to also have a view of the river with all of its boat traffic from our room. The location of this hotel is perfect. We walked to the square, enjoyed dinner and then Cafe du Monde and walked back to the hotel. The girls enjoyed a swim on the roof pool (they have never swam on a roof) while we enjoyed the night lights of the city. Then they went to the room to watch movies while we went to the casino which is just a short walk across the street. Sunday morning we were able to walk to House of Blues for brunch and then great shopping at the mall attached to the hotel. I found no faults with this hotel and will stay again and recommend it to others.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Layover
<Content>Great Pool I get roped into doing a speech at a convention in New Orleans every-other-year. I always stay here and the first thing I do once the torture, uh, speaking engagement is over? Head to the pool on the roof with a book and let the bartender serve me until closing. I love this hotel. Great restaurant. Great location. I felt safe, which is not always a given in New Orleans.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wyndham By Request well worth it Used my by request for check in. Got an upgrade from King room to the largest suite in the Hotel. Great views. Room was larger than my condo in Dallas!  
<Date>Nov 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>m509272
<Content>At least Above Average! Why the 'old, warn out' comments? Just got back from Halloween trip. First thing, 11th floor lobby, tremendous view. Too bad they decided to string high tension power lines right thru the the southern edge of the French Quarter. You can see Jackson Sq, JAX Brewery (this is not a brewpub or brewery anymore), the riverboats, etc. As far as I'm concerned this is a perfect location. 1 min to Casino (Gordon Biersch Brewpub across to the North), 4 mins to Crescent City Brewpub, 5 minute walk to Bourbon St (if you want that), maybe 7 mins to Jackson Sq. If you have a car $16 for 12-24 hrs ACROSS the street on east side. Hotel is $30, other lots $20. Slightly cheaper lots are NOT overnight.We got the same view from our room on 20th Fl. The room was immaculate and nicely appointed. The floor itself was also very nice. Again, why the warn out comments? We were on numerous other floors and all seemed similar. Rooftop pool. Perhaps because we are members of Wyndham By Request (which is FREE to everyone from day 1)? Being a member, free internet access, free local and long distance, free greeting beverage (we chose chardonnay and fruit). We also got a $114 rate due to a 72 Hour Sale.Harrahs Casino, across the street on the other side, uses this as one of it's hotels. Perhaps there's some rooms/floors that are predominantly comp rooms? Maybe these are crappy floors?  
<Date>Nov 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>stchoub
<Content>Very nice - but there are better options for the money... I stayed at this hotel for a business conference in September. I'm surprised by some of the other reviews here, because it was quite nice. It was very pricey - I paid $230 a night for the nights not reduced for our conference, and I could have stayed at a boutique hotel with more New Orleans character for that, but I was not feeling as though I was totally ripped off. I was on the 20-something-th floor with a king-bed room with an astounding, panoramic view of the Mississippi and the French Quarter. (Definitely request a riverview room!) The room itself was very clean and well-appointed. The common areas were clean, and the overall location of the hotel was good. The restaurant food was average - but who comes all the way to New Orleans to eat at their hotel anyway? We only ate there one night because it was a part of the conference. The hotel was within easy walking distance of all the top restaurants in the French Quarter. (I personally would recommend Red Fish Grill, NOLA, and Muriel's! Muriel's has FABULOUS lunch offerings, too.)My three complaints with this hotel were as follows:The bell staff, while helpful and courteous, were not attentive to detail, and piled a large, heavy suitcase on top of a soft, carry-on bag full of souveniers - which cracked a jar of Central Grocery's muffaletta olive salad. I noticed this as they brought the bags out to my car, and the bellman acted as though I was being extremely picky when I insisted on opening the bag to make sure the fragile stuff on top wasn't broken. The other souveniers were not damaged, and when I reached in, the jars of salad felt intact. However, by the time I got to the airport, I was rinsing olives and garlic out of all my other souveniers, and had to throw the bag away as it was completely soaked with garlic and olive oil. Also, since I came a day early for a conference, and stayed a day late, with the day on each end of the trip costing a different amount than the days in the middle - for reasons I can't even begin to understand, they had to split my reservation into 3 seperate reservations. I had to check in THREE times over the course of the week - and despite the assurances of the reservations staff that I would remain in the same room all week and not have to move... each time I checked in again, I was told that I was blocked into different room and would have to move. After it was all said and done, I DID remain in the same room for the duration of my stay - but only after making it very clear to the front desk staff that I was not going to change rooms happily or quietly. It was all a very silly inconvenience and hassle that should have been resolved behind the scenes instead of me having to come down to the front desk and present my credit card again every other morning.And last but not least - the information I had about the hotel said that the pool was heated - and it wasn't. It is on the roof, and the wonderful view from the pool deck is worth going upstairs to check out - but the pool was definitely not warm. Perhaps it just hadn't been converted over to heated for the season, but none the less... that was disappointing.Just as a note, be aware that the valet parking is extremely expensive - $30 a day - but there is self-parking directly across the street for $11. I only reserved a rental car because we wanted to drive around and explore the Garden District and the Gulf Coast as well - had I not been planning to do that, I would not have gotten a car at all. Parking is beyond ridiculous and limited in the French Quarter, and from what I saw - the public lot across from the hotel is the only large lot in the French Quarter anyway. If the closest parking spot you can get to the place you want to go... is back at your hotel... there's probably not much point in renting a car if you aren't planning on leaving the Quarter. Cab rides from the airport to anywhere in the French Quarter are fixed price - it was $28 plus tip for two of us.Would I stay there again? Maybe, but probably not - at least not for what I paid. There was nothing really wrong with the hotel itself - but there are better options available for a comparable price. On a previous trip, I stayed at the Chateau LeMoyne (now owned by InterContenential hotels) for about the same amount per night, and it had much more character and more luxurious rooms, although the location (Rue Dauphine) wasn't quite as good. I've been to New Orleans several times, so feel free to e-mail if you have any questions.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Full River View; self parking across the street; lobby on 11th Floor! There are only a few hotels in New Orleans where I have not stayed. But none is finer than the Westin Canal Place, not even Windsor Court. From check-in at the eleventh floor lobby to the availability of self-parking just across Iberville Street, the Westin Canal Place is a traveler's heaven. Starbucks Coffee in the first floor mall, hospitality room on the 23rd floor, and windows from floor to ceiling, with a full view of Algiers Point and the Canal Street Ferry. Easy walk to my favorite restaurants - - Galatoire's, Antoine's and Dickie Brennan's Steak House. The Westin Canal Place is hard to beat! Canal Street Ferry run all night long - - - doo-dah, doo-dah. Anytime, Jack Lazarus A satisfied guest  
<Date>Oct 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>multistory motel six worn out hotel in a great location. feel sorry for the bellhops etc. who have to show guest to rooms that look as though a mardi gras parade has passed through its door every carnival season. every fixture and piece of furniture as well as the finishes need to be sent to a garage sale. There are many other spots in this great city to stay, don't bother to stay here.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not worth the price paid Booked a four night stay on the executive floor at $169 per night. No perceived value for what was paid. Room was not made up as late as 6:00 P.M. Executive lounge was below standards as compared to Hampton Inn. Room was dirty and small. Unable to regulate temperature in room. Management unwilling to help. Be very careful about parking in parking garage. You will be charged $30 for valet parking no matter how long you stay in garage. Management very unresponsive. We checked out after one day, moved to a hotel down the street where we paid a rate of $109. Accomadations were better and rooms cleaner. Would not stay at this hotel again!  
<Date>Jul 26, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worn out Hotel Long past its reno date! The carpet in the room is worn out. The bathtub had rust stains. The sheets had holes and were stained. The lights did not work. The bar fridge had not been cleaned in a very long time. For $300 US Per night, find another hotel.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2004
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>GREAT HOTEL My husband and I stayed at the Wyndham Canal Place 4/28/04 - 5/3/04 (it was during JazzFest). We had a wonderful time. Our room was on the 23rd floor with a beautiful view of the Mississippi River and the French Quarter. Our room was spotless and the service was excellent. We only ate in the hotel once (for breakfast) it was good. The hotel has a pool on the 29th floor with an excellent panoramic view of N.O. The hotel is not directly in the French Quarter, but on the edge. We had no problem getting around, as you can buy one, three or five day passes for the streetcar. However, we didn't have a problem walking from the hotel over to Bourbon Street, and Jaxs Brewery is only a parking lot away. This is our third time staying at the Wyndham and we will definitely be go back.  
<Date>May 7, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The best views, location  This hotel has spectacular views, a location that is within a 4 block walk to every major attraction and a staff that lived up the expectation of gracious southern hospitality. The doorman, knows Nawlins and our maid was friendly and maticulas about cleaning our oversized room. When departing the hotel we told the doorman what a great stay we had and how friendly the staff was. He replied, thank you that is why we made the Conde' Nast Gold list for 2004. A luxury hotel we can not wait to return to.Liz  
<Date>Mar 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Hotel in the city!!! 5 star quality and service The staff is excellent! The view is breath taking and the rooms are great. Get 5 star service and quality. Join the ByRequest program for free. Receive amenities, beverages, miles, free long distance and business services. Best of all get an upgraded room just for being a member. The restuarant River 127' is the best kept secret in the city. Roof top pool has the best view in the city. Have stayed in all the best hotels in New Orleans. The Ritz and the Windsor Court do not measure up.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel in a perfect location.  My husband and I stayed here March 16/17 2004 and found it quite nice. The room was large, well maintained and clean, my husband thought is was great, my only problem was the noise from the elevator, which is why I only gave it 4 stars. The location was pefect, which was one of my main concerns. Right on the edge of the French Quarter, across the street from the Harrah's and several shopping areas. We walked everywhere- easily! The personnel was very friendly and always helpful - the whole town was friendly! Never felt unsafe. We had a great time - my husband did not want to go - but is ready to return anytime - and we will be staying here! Do not miss MOTHERS (in walking distance of course) for breakfast (ham and eggs-yum) and lunch (Ferdi sandwich double yum)   
<Date>Mar 21, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Use to be better As soon as I got to my assigned room I noticed a red spot on one of the bedspreads. I went to call the desk to report it but the phone did not work, so I went to the desk to tell them and they gave me another room 2 floors up to the 22nd. I immediately returned to the previously assigned floor to retrieve the rest of my belongings but just that fast they had already placed someone in the room, with the dirty spread still on the bed. The same night as soon as I get asleep around midnight: they announced an evacuation of hotel. I had to walk(my grandaughter) and I down 22 flights of stairs, no one even as much as announced an apology. They would only say it was a glitch. I have stayed here when under another ownership and was much better. Now is not worth the money. Personnel that I encountered is not good. Except for the bell hops, they were good.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome Hotel What an awesome hotel... the most beautiful lobby I have ever seen. Staff and services were great. This is defintely a Four Star hotel. Could not believe the great location... right at the French Quarter. We're coming back for our anniversary next year!  
<Date>Mar 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worn out rooms! The rooms in this hotel are worn out and expensive. It is not a 4 star hotel. Pay attention to the reviews that complain about the dust, worn out carpet, stained linens, thin towels, cheap plastic shower heads, etc. I've stayed at this hotel many times over the years, and each time it has gotten worse. Its obvious management is not putting any money into it. Its really sad. It has a 5 star location and beautiful view, nice lobby, very nice staff, and 1 star accomodations. Mobil has downgraded the hotel to 3 stars, and it has to be because of the rooms. If AAA is paying attention, they will downgrade it, also.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2004
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jenlam
<Content>Nice location Stayed here for two nights compliments of Harrahs, Feb 25-27. Arrived early, so room wasn't ready but it was very easy to leave bags with the bell stand. I have to say, my first impression of the lobby (located on the 11th floor) was beautiful - - but the instant scent of cigarette smoke was a detriment to the view. Came back to the lobby later and checked in with ease... room was nice, clean, spacious. Problems I ran into: I wanted to hook up my laptop and there was no ethernet cable to be found... so I called the front desk who said one would be delivered within 10 minutes. Called again an hour later - - and was told it was again on its way up. An hour later - - I went down to the front desk to find out what the problem was. Another clerk told me it's in your mini bar - - I was VERY frustrated that it had been in my room the entire time, and the front desk clerk I called didn't know that, and there was no indication anywhere near the desk that it was in the mini bar! Frustrating! Otherwise, room service was good and got my two orders correct on the first try, and the staff was very friendly. I was expecting an overnight UPS delivery which appeared to have not arrived, and one of the bellmen went in search of it for me and found it in their purchasing dept. I was very grateful. I would definitely go back to this hotel, even though the lobby was very smokey!  
<Date>Feb 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>debsnc
<Content>Had a few glitches My husband and I just returned from a 3 night trip to New Orleans (stayed at this hotel) First off it was a comped trip by Harrah's so we weren't sure of what to expect. Also by some of the other reviews I/we were hesitant. Well we arrived by limo and went to check in. Our rooms were not ready so they bell captain kept our luggage (tags provided) in safe keeping until we could check in. We proceeded directly to Harrah's for a few hours. Upon returning our room was ready (asked for internet cable and was provided) Room 2007: not bad, a little outdated bathtub, comforter could have matched the curtains better but roomy. Did ask for a smoking room but no ashtray. Called desk for smoking room and was told not to worry, just go ahead and smoke and they would bring up an ash tray, waited , none arrived so we tracked down the maid and got one from her. No problem. Our view was directly in front of Harrah's with a small view of river to the left. OK, I don't spend a whole lot of time gazing out the window. Bed was firm but ok and pillows were great. No lid for our ice bucket so our ice melted fast! NO SODA MACHINE ! I called the desk and asked for the vending machine/soda and the answer  we do not have any vending or soda machines in the entire hotel HELLO ??? Never heard that one before. Geesh. They did have plentyful towels and toiletries water was hot, toilet flushed poorly,not enough hangers in closet. The restaurant was nice (only did breakfast there) pretty pricey for breakfast but that was comped too. Mini bar stocked well but not cold. Checking out went fine same as checking in but reversed. They Kept our bags safe until check out. Helpful and nice attendants and security. I did like that you had to use your room key to get on the hotel elevators. And for each floor. Getting around the hotel was confusing at first. But once we figured it out it was ok  So all in all it was ok, not bad but wouldn't want to pay the regular rates to stay there.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>straws1111
<Content>Wonderful Stay at the Wyndham We stayed at the Wyndham Feb. 12 - 14, 2004 in room 2232 on the 22nd florr and had a very pleasant stay with a nice view of the Harrahs Casino and the Mississippi River. From the front desk to the maid service all the employees were helpful and some of the friendliest we have encountered. The beds were comfortable and the pillows were absolutely fantastic. We are called and checked on from the front desk, bellhops and maid service to see if we needed anything more than once. The only thing we were unhappy with was that the shower had a bad habit of scorching you. The water temperature would all of a sudden turn raging HOT and you would have to jump out of the spray and adjust the knobs to COLD to get the water to a reasonable temperature. Maybe it was just our room, but that was our only complaint. I would highly recommend this hotel, it was very close to the Farmer's Market and just a short walk to Bourban Street, Jackson Square, The Aquarium and lots of other enjoyable activities.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mel&danAlberta
<Content>Not what I expected...  I booked three nights through Harrah's for Feb. 8,9 and 10th. We were really expecting a very posh hotel considering the regular prices to stay there. When we arrived on Sunday, they gave us our keys and we proceeded up to our room only to find it was still occupied! The occupants were not there but we were given access to all their belongings. Back down to the front desk where they apologized and gave us another room. I don't want to sound really fussy but I don't think basic cleanliness is too much to expect. Every surface in our room was covered with dust, the baseboard had a thick coating of dust and both the carpet and the tile had stuff all over it. The carpets do need to be changed because they are stained but there were bits of lint and junk on them and the bedspreads looked old and stained. I complained and they came and cleaned again but it really didn't look a whole lot better. If I had paid the $200-300 they quote on their website, I would have been livid. I asked Harrah's if the hotel gives a lesser room to Harrah's guests and they said we should expect the same type of room as anyone else. For the price I paid it was okay but I didn't get a very good impression of Wyndham Hotels from this experience.   
<Date>Feb 12, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mlizBoston
<Content>Good Location for Exploring New Orleans Stayed at the Wyndham at Canal Place for 2 nights in January 2004 for a weekend in NOLA with college girlfriends. Thought the location was very good because we did not want to be staying in the French Quarter but wanted it to be a quick walk away, which this hotel is. It is in a building that also has an upscale mall and office space so its entrances are a bit disorienting. The service was very good. We requested riverview rooms that were spacious and clean, as were the bathrooms. The only oddity was the housekeeping staff did not have a top sheet on the beds (between the bottom sheet and the blanket). The lobby (on the 11th floor) is spacious and comfortable. It is situtated next to a walking path along the river. Unfortunately the train tracks are there too, so we did hear a freight train blowing its horn and rolling through in the middle of the night, even on the 18th floor of the building. Still, I would consider a return visit for the generous size of the rooms and the good location.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wyndham-Canal St. New 1 Star Hotel Stayed from 12/24-12/27/03 What a mistake as a guest of Harrah's Casino I would have expected better service.Day 1-2 people working registration had to wait 15 minuets 1 person being waited on 1 other person waiting.No record of my reservation had to find confirmation #.Room had wonderful view of rooftop.Room wa not ready it was missing hotel information book,soap, coffee,ashtray,TV guide and not vaccumed.Used Room service(note they say you will receive food in 45 min or less) 44 min for a hamburgh??? Day 2-Room still not vaccumed still missing TV guide,no new soap,and bathroom not picked up. Day3-Regular service all was done Ok,but missing coffee. I would not recomend this Hotel if you are being Comped from Harrah's Casino for a room.It has a great view and location.Try the Double Tree or the Mariott on the next block  
<Date>Jan 7, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

