<Author>thearcher23
<Content>Amazing hotel My husband and I stayed here for 4 nights on our honeymoon in NYC and we loved it! The staff were amazing to us - they are super friendly and helpful. This hotel is not right downtown but excellent value for the money and the views are AMAZING! Our first room had a view of the East River and into Brooklyn. Due to a weather issue we had to stay an extra night and we were lucky to get a room on the other side of the hotel which has a spectacular view of Manhattan (ESB, Chrysler, etc!). I definately recommend this hotel and we plan on staying there next time we're in NYC.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>SuePlymouth_Devon
<Content>New Year in the Millennium! We, being a party of six stayed over the New Year for five nights. We were all given rooms in the West tower, despite trying to change to the East tower, as we were there for a special occasion. Only one of the rooms had a view of the city (3235). The other two 3030 ans 3230 were both in the corner and had partial river views. We could see straight into rooms opposite from these rooms and the beds were a lot smaller. There was a kitchen area with fridge, hob and oven, but not a lot of use without utensils etc. The bathrooms were in need of a makeover.On a positive note the entrance lobby was very nice and the staff most helpful. The pool was warm and had great views.The hotel is in a good position with the walk to Grand Central just over five minutes away. We used the little deli just up the road most days and tried John's for breakfast, which had a great choice. We had a couple of problems with the taxis outside the hotel. The first time they refused to take us as we came out of the hotel without luggage, they were obviously all waiting to get fares to the airport (more money in it for them). The 2nd time we needed to get across town around 5pm for a dinner cruise at 6pm and no-one would take us. The hotel staff suggested we take the subway to Times Square and walk the rest. This was not ideal in high heels and took around 30 mins to walk. I don't think we were the only ones to have this problem by the number of people running onto the boat just before it sailed.All in all these were the only problems we came across during our stay, and the rest was brilliant.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	4	2	

<Author>digtravel
<Content>Nice Room- Distracted Service I booked 2 rooms through the hotel's website several months before our stay. I requested that the two rooms be near one another. Upon check in, the clerk said that was impossible, before even checking his computer. He seemed to have a real problem understanding that there were two reservations, one for 2 nights and one for 3. After approx 10 minutes, he checked in one of our groups, and then told me it would be 1.5 hours for the second room- OK no problem. Oh, that room is in a different tower. Um, no. After another 15 minutes, we were finally checked in and were told we would be called when the room was ready. 2 hours later, still no phone call, but the room was available when we checked in with the desk.The rooms were very nice, large by Manhattan standards, and well appointed if a little dated in the bathroom area. The view was stunning, the bed comfortable. The pool area is small and the water a little chilly, but a nice perk when in the city. Valet service is an outrageous $46.50 per night.Checkout was equally chaotic to check in, with a dispute over the rate that took another 20 mins to get corrected, and then another 10 mins to get a refund which was later discovered to be incorrectly applied. So, in summary- if you are looking for a well-priced, large room in the city, this hotel fits the bill. However, be prepared to wait when checking in and out, and look over your bill carefully.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>2	4	4	5	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>petejones
<Content>Fantastic Hotel We were very pleased with this hotel. The staff were some of the most polite and helpful I have encountered, nothing was too much trouble.The view from our room were breath-taking. All the amenities were clean and as described on the website. The only thing I can not comment on is the restaurant, as we did not get the opportunity to try it.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>angie333pangie
<Content>Very happy holiday, pleasantly surprised!       View from room  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>abbey_315
<Content>Great hotel for the price! We recently stayed at the Millennium UN Plaza over the Christmas holiday and had a great experience. We took a redeye flight and arrived at the hotel at about 6:30 am. We didn't book a room for the night before and decided to chance and see if we could check into our room early. Turns out they didn't have a room ready for us to check in, but we decided to pay the extra $100 and upgrade to a suite for that night since they had one available. So by 7 am we were napping in the suite. The next day we were ready to downgrade to the room that we booked, but they decided to let us stay in the suite for the rest of our trip at no additional charge-- NICE!!! The suite had an AMAZING view of the skyline and river! There were two full bathrooms and a living room/ sitting area and separate bedroom. We didn't need all of that space as we didn't spend much time in the room. The rooms very clean and well maintained, and I really don't have any complaints. We were with another couple who staying in a regular room and they said it was very nice as well. The decor of the hotel is slightly dated, but not shabby or in disrepair. The staff was very friendly and accomodating.The location was pretty good, we were able to walk to many of the places we were going.Overall, I think this was a good value. We paid $175/night at Christmas time and I think it was a good price for this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>DCRE
<Content>I Like this Place My wife and I have stayed at this hotel many times for two primary reasons: availability of good rates and swimming pool. We were able to get an excellent rate Christmas week by using the travelzoo/ticker code. The corner rooms in the east tower have a magnificent view of the East River and UN on one side and the Chrysler and Empire State Buildings on the other. The corner room is quite spacious by NYC standards. The pool is on the 27th floor and also commands the river view. Although the hotel is very comfortable, it is several steps below luxurious. We had a few maintenance issues in our room and the carpets in the 33rd floor hallways are taped in multiple places and present a shabby appearance. This hotel would be truly spectacular with an injection of cash for some necessary updating.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Chris1978
<Content>Hotel is good, but the pool was a let down Stayed here for a few days in December whilst on a tourist visit. Overall this hotel is reasonably priced for NYC, yes it could be better but by no means is it bad - we had a very pleasant stay.Positives:- Fantastic Views across the Hudson River (we were in the West Tower 36 floors up)- All rooms will have good views as the rooms are based between the 28th and 38th floor- Rooms were spacious, beds were comfy and had a good choice of TV channels- Good selection of mini-bar (but very expensive!)- Could check-out in your room (via the tv set) or access your current bill- Location is okay, a bit away from all the hustle and bustle but still close enough to walk- There a good deli shop which is ideal for breakfast about 60 metres up from the hotel (turn right out of the hotel)Negatives:- Swimming pool was a disappointment. Based on the 28 floor the views were amazing but were let down by the temperature of the pool (very cold) and the general age and state of the pool/changing area. Really could do with a re-fit. Such a shame as it could be such a selling point.-The large full-length mirror next to the toilet - absolutely hilarious! What made someone decide to put one there is beyond me...why would you want to watch yourself wiping your backside?! Still makes me laugh thinking about it.- Public Internet access was expensive ($2 for 2 mins) - Why charge such silly amounts??- Mini bar and snacks were expensive - People might actually use them if they were reasonably priced- The nearest subway station (Central Station) was a good 10 min walk away which wasn't ideal. Although the hotel is continuously serve by taxis outside.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	4	4	1	

<Author>usabackpacker
<Content>amazing views This hotel needs to be seen to be believed. On arrival we were very tired and they explained that there was a problem with our reservation, but in no time they came back and told us that they had upgraded our stay to a suite. The suite was huge and we had panoramic views across the city and the river. One of the things i was hoping for was to be able to see the empire state building from our room and to my delight we could not only see that but the chrysler too. The hotel is very grand with mirrors and marble everywhere. Thoroughly enjoyed this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JLR
<Content>What a beautiful hotel I stayed in the Millennium UN Plaza hotel and was pleasantly surprised. I picked this hotel because of the low price. It's hard to find good hotels in NYC under $200. So I didn't expect it to be such a beautiful upscale hotel. The lobby was fabulous although all of the mirrored walls took a little getting used to. I had a hotel room that was on the corner and it was high enough to have an incrediable view of the Empire State building and other NYC buildings . The night time views were spectacular. The room was very modern with bleached wood and glass furniture. The bed was cozy. I did miss the coffee maker in the room but it was worth it to stay in such a stylish room. The only problem I could see was the hotel restaurant , it was extremely expensive. But I discovered a little deli practically next door. I bought a breakfast sandwich and coffee and ate it in my room. The hotel is also near Grand Central Station and a variety of shops so it's a good place to get in a little shopping. I learned that this hotel is the official hotel of the Rachel Ray show. I looked in the lobby for celebrities but didn't see any. The Rachel Ray studio is across the street and just a couple steps away.Overall, I found my experience with this hotel to be wonderful. I didn't think it was possible to stay in a luxury hotel without the luxury price. I would love to stay in this hotel again.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>redheadWakefield
<Content>Ask for corner room in East Tower On arrival we were allocated a room on top floor, be careful all we could here was the air conditioning units on the the roof, which could keep you awake if a light sleeper.We asked to be moved and was given a corner room on the 36th floor,WOW, what a view, over the river and beyond. The best sunset and sunrise I have ever seen. The room was quite big, flat screen TV, lovely bathroom, beware don't eat the snacks on offer, they are not complimentary, not even the bottled water. Traffic noise is minimal being so high up. Only disappointing thing about the hotel, there are no tea or coffee facilities, which is not unsual for New York but would be a nice touch. Just up the road from the hotel there is a small coffee shop called Johns, lovely breakfasts and do take away food and drinks which can be taken back the to hotel. Not to far to walk to main attractions, Grand Central etc.. Nice Hotel if you are looking for quiet location, but not to far from the centre of Manhattan.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>JB&CT
<Content>Loved the UN Plaza       UN Plaza: East  West Towers  
<Date>Nov 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Brian_NVA
<Content>Ask for the EAST TOWER! I had stayed at this hotel several times before, and always liked it... the rooms I had in past visits were nicely decorated in a modern style, and the views were great. This time was different. Instead of being directed to the elevators between the front desk and the restaurant as in the past, I was sent to a bank of elevators located behind the front desk. No good. Ask for a room in the East Tower. Kick and scream until you get it.My room (3435) had a nice view of the Chrysler Building and the top third of the Empire State Building, but not much more. The room was drab with mostly flesh-tones, and an odd mix of a couple of new things and lots of old stuff. There was a large flat screened TV (nice), and a couple of new table chairs, but these were mixed with an old 1960's looking kitchenette - two burners and a small fridge, but no utensils... like an abandoned dinette set. The peephole in the door was clogged with paper (nonfunctional), the sink drain was stuck in a permanent down position and had to be completely removed so water could drain. The cabinets and doors were old, and there was an oddly small (and quite uncomfortable) armchair... perhaps for munchkins. The bathroom in general was in need of rehab, with a shower head at shoulder height and grout in need of cleaning or replacing.Room service for dinner was not good, except for the NY cheesecake. The NY Cheesesteak sandwich was gristly, and the asparagus soup was bizarre. My stomach is still upset.There was no coffee maker in the room and no luggage rack. The bed was the hardest one I can ever remember sleeping on - it was uncomfortably firm. This is not usually a problem for me.Bottom line - I won't stay at this Millenium Hotel unless I can be assured of a room in the East Tower.By the way, I paid $360 plus a variety of taxes for one night.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	4	2	2	3	-1	

<Author>familyontour
<Content>Very comfortable hotel with stunning city views       view from our window on the 36th floor  
<Date>Nov 7, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>schmid3354
<Content>Great Hotel at a Great Price My husband and I booked a long weekend in NYC in August and stayed at the Millennium Hotel, UN and it was great! We had stayed in NYC in the past at hotels that were nothing like the reviews online, so I was a bit nervous about what we may get. But we were both pleasantly surprised at the hotel as a whole- the staff were very pleasant and kind, the room was clean and extremely spacious, the pool overlooking the city was amazing and the view from the room was breath-taking!!! The valet service was fantastic and the women at the front desk made check-in and check-out very smooth. I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a great deal without compromising cleanliness and safety.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>ryding
<Content>Great find Spent 7 wonderful days in New York prior to picking up a cruise to Canada and New England.Hotel in a great location with spectacular views.Check in very efficient. Rooms clean and very spacious.Nice little garden area opposite. Enjoyed breakfast at Johns down the road each day but also a great cart just outside the front entrance.Easy walking to Grand Central Station.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>caroleherb
<Content>Very nice, especially if you get a good price Stayed two nights on a hotwire price of $175 which was better than the price of most 2* hotels in NYC. Check-in was pleasant and fast. We were originally given a room with two twin beds but they quickly switched us to a room with a queen bed (#3310) when we asked for something more romantic. The room was a good size for NY standards and very clean. The decor was modern, the bed comfortable, the view very nice, although this particular room only had one small window. The only drawbacks were minor: the hall carpeting had seen better days and really should be replaced, the internet access in the hotel business center was pretty pricey ($10 for 20 minutes), as was the charge for local calls from the room ($3.10 for two calls) as we couldn't get cell phone reception there; the shower water pressure was pretty weak and the position of the shower head was too close to the wall so you had to either use the hand-held head or stand right up in the corner to rinse under it; and there was no mirror in the room itself, although a full wall one in the bath - but I found it irksome not to be able to put my make-up on in the room when my partner was in the bath. All-in-all though, it was a very nice ambiance and we would stay there again, especially at such a good price.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	4	3	

<Author>fifecooky
<Content>great hotel spent 7 days at the hotel in August. we arrived at the hotel tired and travel weary but check-in was quick and we were in our room within 10 mins. The view was awsome chrysler building and empire state to the right and the un building and the east river to the left, from the 34th floor this was spectacular at night. room was spacious and clean with comfortable bed and clean bathroom. you get a complimentary newspaper every morning which was a nice touch.Had room service a couple of times, bit pricey but very tasty, compliments to the chef.concierge is very helpful and can get you tickets for almost anything.Only thing is there is no coffee making facilities in the room, however there is a stand just outside the front of the hotel that has fab tea and coffee, and the most delicious pastries.there are a lot of great restaurants in the area, and you are within walking distance of all the main attractions. All in we had a terrific week at this hotel, and would stay there again  
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>DavidandAngela
<Content>Its a good value for New York City - GREAT Neighborhood       The dizzying lobby of mirrors and lights  
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>Allieswans
<Content>Worst bed ever - otherwise okay hotel My husband and I stayed at the Millennium UN Plaza for 5 nights in Sept. We arrived one day earlier and had no trouble booking an extra night at 2330. The hotel from the foyer was nice and the staff were very friendly. The corridors were a bit drab and the carpet looked old and dirty. The room however looked nice and we had a view of the Hudson River. My main reason for booking this hotel was due to the view and the size of the rooms. The room was much smaller than I expected.The location was okay 2 blocks from Central station and the subway is on the Times Square lineMy biggest issue with the Millennium Un Plaza and the reason why I would never stay there again was the bed. The bed was the most uncomfortable bed that i have ever slept on. It squeaked really loudly with any weight on the bed. I left New York with a very sore back.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>MissMyDog
<Content>Charged me for a room that I cancelled! I booked a room at this hotel for four nights. The booking policy says cancel one day prior to avoid being charged one nights stay I cancelled the stay and rebooked at a different hotel two months prior to our NYC trip. LUCKILY I got a cancellation confirmation number and printed it out. After I had my trip and stayed at the Residence Inn in Times Square (Awesome, by the way) I got charged for a one night stay at the Millennium Hotel as they said I didn't cancel the stay. Took several phone calls to the hotel and their very unfriendly, unconcerned staff members to get this issue resolved. I did finally get my credit card refunded but ONLY because I saved that cancellation number for three months!  
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>katyjg
<Content>great room and view but thats it!! this is a great hotel - there is a bit of a walk to the thick of things so if you want to just walk out of your hotel and be at all the attractions then this is not the hotel for you!Our check in wasnt great - it was the start of our honeymoon and we had noted this on our booking and that we wanted non-smoking room. Our honeymoon was hardly acknowledged and we were not given a non-smoking room. In fact we were told that if we paid the guy who was checking us in some more money he would give us a nicer room!!!! Needless to say we checked into a ok room for the night. Next morning i phoned to ask to move to a non-smoking room and got a very nice lady who not only moved us to a non-smoking room but moved us into the newly renovated tower. This is the tower with the pool in it - so if your booking try and get into this tower!Rest of hotel was lovely, good breakfast but very expensive if you dont have it included in your room rate.An ok stay but slightly shadowed by the horrible check in to start with.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>2	4	4	4	4	1	3	-1	

<Author>stefmaus
<Content>best view in town - that's it! My husband and I stayed 2 nights in this hotel.It started badly with the taxi driver dumping us and our luggage on first street. My husband left me on the sidewalk with the luggage to get someone to help us with our stuff.He returned with a luggage cart. The guys inside had told him they could not come down to the corner of the street, but had given him the cart - something they weren't allowed to, but did anyways.So we pushed our luggage up the sidewalk to the hotel, where the guys took over. Great!We checked in with a guy who was not overjoyed to see us. He told us he had upgraded us to a superior corner room with the best view, non-smoking.My husband had forgotten to add non-smoking when he booked the hotel (there was no button there, you need to add this in your comment it seems) so he emailed twice asking them to mark our room non-smoking with no reply from them.It sounded nice to be upgraded, so we were cheery. We had also requested a room as high as possible which we did not get. We were still in the lower floors, though it was high enough in the end. Just not what we had specifically asked for.We then went to the elevator and got upstairs. The hallways wiped the cheery smiles off our faces quickly. There was red tape all over the floor, where the brownish carpet had been ripped. We were all the way down the hall and entered our room which was very hot.We turned the AC to its coldest and it did send out cool air, but the window shades had been up all day, so the sun had heated the room up to over 80 degrees - despite the AC. We lowered the shades right away, which helped a little.The view really was pretty good, though to see Empire State Building and Chrysler Building we had to almost lean out of the window - which was impossible, because the window does not open. We had chosen that hotel especially because we saw that you could open the window. It didn't matter much, but, the windows were really dirty, both from in- and outside. I went to the bathroom and was shocked by the state of the bathroom!The sink was sitting inside a glass surrounding, but that was totally cracked! I always feared it would fall apart while I was in there. The big mirror next to the toilet was dirty and chipped on the upper part.The floor tiles were chipped or cracked - at least 50% of them were not in one piece anymore. It didn't happen to us, but on those chipped tiles you can easily cut your foot open when you walk with bare feet.The walls were heavily stained, even some browning liquid had trickled down the wall in one place. Not a big thing, but still: ICKY! Don't wanna know what that was. My husband took a shower - only to bathe his feet almost up to his knees because the drain worked so poorly.The bathroom had no working fan/ vent.For the 2 of us there was only 1 washcloth in total. I called housekeeping and they told me it would take them 10 - 15 minutes at least to bring some up. 20 minutes later I had 3 extra wash clothes. (Not the newest, but they seemed clean.)There is a high headboard above the bed and there was a big thing of dust looking down at me when I was in bed.I was not very happy with the room, so I got out our reservation and found out we had not been upgraded at all! The room we were in was exactly what we had booked and paid for - only thing was non-smoking and that can hardly be an upgrade!In the morning, it got really hot again, even though the shades had been down straight away. I went to complain to the front desk. The lady there never even said she was sorry. I had written a long list of things we didn't find alright and by the time I had gotten to number 3 she wasn't even listening to me. She asked me to leave the list with her to give to the housekeeping manager.That apparently did happen, because the stains had been cleared off the bathroom walls and the windows had been cleaned from the inside. The plug in the tub had been replaced. Of course, the tiles, the mirror and the sink would have needed big time construction and that we would not have liked within our 2 night stay. The dust was also still looking at me. The tip we had left in the hope to get a cleaner room was left untouched. So, all in all there was some improvement, but it was not what we had expected, wanted or had to pay for.My husband checked out and told the next guy at the front desk about all our complaints again. The guy said he was sorry for our inconvenience and said all he could do with the room rate was not charge the internet we had used on one of our 2 days. So that was a big disappointment in the end.The only person who managed to get a tiny smile on our face was Ozzy, because he was really nice and treated us as we would have expected by any one of those people in the hotel. As guests and the people who pay their salary.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	4	2	1	5	2	

<Author>woblynne
<Content>Great value hotel       Standard room  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>AuroraUK
<Content>One night stay Stayed one night prior to joining the Queen Mary2 back to Southampton. Check in was straight forward, asked about a room with a view and we got a corner room albeit with a view of the U.N. and the East River. This room had floor to ceiling windows on two sides of the room. Room was clean, slightly dated fittings as was the bathroom but both were fine for what we wanted and more to the point what we had paid. On the day we left they were installing 40in flat screen T.V.'s in the rooms on our floor. Didn't eat in the hotel, went to John's diner up the street on the opposite corner. It was fine and a good cheap option for breakfast. Not the best surrroundings but perfectly adequate. Did have a drink in the bar and as you might expect it was pricey but it is New York city in a decent hotel. The pricing was about what I would have expected. Some might say it is a little off the beaten track, 20 mins walk to Grand Central and Times Square. Having stayed near Times Square before I would say that this hotel is less noisy and less hustle and bustle outside. We would consider it again as long as the money is right. AuroraUK  
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>KHORNFife
<Content>Fab Views! We're just back from a stay at the Millenium UN Plaza and we had a great time. The views are fabulous (well they are from room 3830 and 3336 anyway) and the hotel is well situated to see all the sights easily. We didn't eat or drink in the hotel so can't comment on that, but you don't go to New York to sit in the hotel bar do you?? Great deli a minutes walk from the hotel where you can grab breakfast on the go, or Johns Cafe on the corner is good if you want to sit in. We just jumped in taxi's to go most places (once our feet were too tired to carry us) and there was always a cab at the from door of the hotel. You're also near a bus stop for the hop on hop off tours which is handy. The concierge is very helpful at the hotel too and we purchased various tickets through him. Would definitely use this hotel again if we were to return to New York. We got a really good room rate too which helped.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>niki477
<Content>Niky        front view  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>mmmmmmmmmm_8
<Content>A tad sketchy at first... but then moved to a great room i booked the hotel through hotwire and i was a bit leary after reading so many terrible reviews, but upon check-in, the hotel staff were very friendly, polite  helpful. we had a room in the 31st floor of the un-refurbished wing but it was large and comfortable and we had a great view. the only bad thing was that the bathroom had an overpowering odour of urine. we mentioned this to the hotel staff, but even after they had cleaned it, the smell was still overwhelming.we mentioned this again to the hotel staff, and they were extremely apologetic, and they moved us to the 30th floor in the refurbished wing. they even moved all our luggage over for us and the room was beautiful - just like the pictures on the hotel website.my only complaint now is that i received charges on my credit card even though i am sure i did not use the telephone or have any of the food/drinks. i have called the hotel many times, but i have never been able to reach anybody in the billing department, and none of my voicemails have been returned.***TIP***: there is free internet in the little park across the street from the hotel lobby if you don't feel like paying ~$15 a day for internet at the hotel  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	2	5	5	3	

<Author>Mario996
<Content>Good deal Wonderful view from our 36th floor room: river and UN building on the left, Empire State Building almost in front, Chrysler Building on the right.Good position: central enough to walk to all the main attractions, but also far enough from them for some quite strolling at nightExcellent service: clean and spacious rooms and very kind personnel (we had a baby aged 3). If only air conditioning had been a little bit less noisy.....Summarizing: a very good value for money accomodation  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Shangayle
<Content>booked to return but ooohhhh 27th August 2008Stayed here in 2005 in a room on the newer part of the building and enjoyed it very much so when I was returning to New York this year was looking forward to staying at same hotel what a disappointment the room they showed us to was in the newer part of the hotel and on the same floor as we were before the carpet in the lobby had been torn and was mended with plastic tape and the room was oh so tired and grubby looking we complained to reception and were promptly moved to the 40th floor of the older part of the hotel this was no improvement believe me and again spoke to reception staff were extremely pleasant and polite but told us there was nothing they could do as hotel was busy all year round and they couldnt get the time for an upgrade they offered us a complimentary breakfast for two mornings but I'm afraid this did not help out with the standard of accommodation dont believe this should be rated a four star hotel and wont be back there. Patsy Scotland  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	2	4	4	3	

<Author>kingshearer080
<Content>The View from the 34th Floor is amazing This hotel is amazing, the view from our room on the 34th Floor was unbelievable. We had the Chrysler building and Empire State on our right and the East River on our left. In between was all the Avenues and hustle and bustle, fabulous. The room was spacious and modern, bathroom was modern and clean, the toilet was a little on the low side, but it is the only fault.The room itself was spotlessly clean and tidy, the daily newspaper was a nice touch.The hotel is handy for all of the sights, sounds and smells that is NYC.This was our second visit in as many years, the last time we stayed at the Waldorf Astoria, this hotel beats the Waldorf hands down. Our room price was supposed to be $700, but on Travelzoo I got three nights for less than that, deal of the century, having said that we will be returning and this would be our first choice hotel, even without a deal !! The staff were extremely friendly and helpful and if something did go wrong they went out of there way to correct it and ensure you were happy.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>UkCopOut
<Content>It was OK but......       From hotel room 2  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>glow4011
<Content>Nice Hotel with great views       City view from Room 3712  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>jippybeale
<Content>Almost fantastic       View from room 3940 (sunrise)  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	1	

<Author>Buddy64
<Content>Great views!! My family and I stayed at the hotel for 2 nights. The location was great as only a 20 minute walk to 'Times square' and many other great sites! The rooms were plenty big enough. My son's room was overlooking the Chrysler and Empire state building...the view was fantastic! Great hotel would stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Solsikke
<Content>Ok hotel       Bathroom  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	4	3	3	2	

<Author>profxfiles
<Content>Overall, A Great Place To Stay! Overall, we found this to be a good place in downtown Manhattan. The location makes it easy to access the subway system at Grand Central. The staff were unwaveringly friendly and the concierge gave some excellent food recommendations. We had a cityscape room and the views were nothing short of spectacular. Overall, we would recomned the place, There were a few small problems. The first was that we were not asked if we wanted a smoking or non-smoking room. The room we got had clearly just been occupied by a smoker and REEKED of stale cigarettes. It was bad enough that my wife picked up an air freshener for our room when we passed by a CVS on the first day. The second problem was the lack of hot water. The two of us were on the 37th floor and whenever I whoever showered second always got a pretty lukewarm shower. Finally, avoid the breakfast buffet unless you have money to BURN. it is really tiny (four chafing dishes of eggs, potatoes, and bacon and a couple cheese/fruit plates) and they do not tell you the price in advance--I was SHOCKED to spend $60 for two people to eat a buffet that most restaurants would charge $10 for on a Sunday morning. If they had told us the price in advance, we would have laughed, left and grabbed a bagel around the corner.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	3	5	-1	

<Author>Constructive
<Content>Love the big apple! We stayed at the Millenium Un Plaza in New York for 4 nights. The hotel is in a great spot and is very clean. The only down side was that our daughter was on a rollaway which wasnt great for a teenager and the restaurant doesnt open in the evenings in the summer. However, on the plus side, nothing is too much trouble for the staff, the hotel is spotless and the bar offers excellent food.We didnt have breakfast at the hotel, but John's Cafe at the top of the street on the corner of 2nd Ave offers excellent food and is good value.We also had an excellent meal in the Grifone, which we thought was some on the best Italian food we've had. This was on 46th St between 2nd and 3rd Ave so was very easy to walk to.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>IgorA
<Content>Solid choice in Midtown East We only stayed for one night and did not use a lot of amenities, so I am not able to comment on the WiFi internet availability, etc.The staff at check in was very courteous and we were given an upgrade to a suite. The suite was two level and we had huge windows on both levels with the views of the river and the boroughs. The carpet was worn and overall the hotel can use the makeover in the hallways and the rooms. The elevators were working fine and the hotel did not seem to be overrun with people. There were always cabs available outside the hotel and the bellhops were very friendly. We stored our luggage there the next day and they don't charge for this service (unlike some other hotels in Manhattan like Hilton on Ave of Americas). The checkout was very smooth. We used express checkout on the TV and then just dropped off the keys in the lobby. The entire process only took 5 minutes and there was never a long line in the lobby to see the reception staff or the concierge.I very likely to return to the Millennium UN Plaza especially if we get the same great rate through hotwire. Overall value for price ACheck-in process AQuality of service BQuality of bed, furniture CRoom cleanliness BCondition of TV  lights C  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Garota05
<Content>Great Hotel My husband and I stayed here for 5 nights in early August.We were given a room on the 34rd floor - with great views to the East River and also the Empire State and Chrysler Buildings.The room was huge! King size bed and large walk-in wardrobe. There was also a sofa lounge under the large window.The room was clean and tidy, modern furnishings - although the bathroom is a little tired. It seems they've renovated at some point, but our bathroom was a little mouldy etc - but nothing too bad.The location is a little out of the way, but we don't mind walking so it didn't bother us. It is 3-4 blocks from Central Station so is great for catching the subway.The views are magnificant and really what makes this place special. The rooms are very quiet, we heard no street noise or any other noise. Keep in mind to put the 'privacy' note on the door unless you like being woken up early by housekeeping :)Pleasant staff, quick check in and check out process. We were very happy with our stay. The only thing that we would have appreciated is free internet, given this hotel is quite expensive we thought it may be included in the price but you can buy it for a 24 hr period for $13.Very enjoyable stay overall.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	3	3	

<Author>aly_y_son
<Content>Good location  We stayed at the UN Plaza during a tour of the US and thoroughly enjoyed our stay. We were given a corner room (after a small mix up with our reservation which was sorted out fairly quickly) on the 30th floor with a brilliant view of the river. The bed was enormous, the room was extremely clean and well equipped and the AC was a welcome break for the extreme heat during our stay in NYC!! All the staff were friendly and helpful. It was a very enjoyable stay!  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>CDubTraveler
<Content>Terrific weekend stay I got an excellent deal for this place on Hotwire. No complaints at all. The walk to the subway is about 3 blocks away (Grand Central Station), and if you happen to get a room on the upper floors, the view is divine.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>joannetAustralia
<Content>Room with a view This hotel is in a great location, within walking distance to grand central station, 5th Ave and Time Square. The staff were very friendly and helpful.I think all rooms get a view and that was one of the reasons we chose this hotel, we had a great view of the New York City skyline from the 30th floor. The pool also has great views of the city.The room was a good size as well as the bathroom. We had a walk in wardrobe with lots of space. The room was also very clean and modern. The Millennium Plaza Hotel was also great value for money, we would stay here again!  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Valery-13
<Content>Great, but... This is an extraordinary hotel --- because of its fantastic views and very clean rooms. But: we were quite diappointed by its renting policies: we (2 adults, 2 teens ), arrived at 10.30 pm and expected to get our reserved room, were seriously given a king size for the four of us. We had confirmed two twins.No way to stay in a king size with four people for three nights.We were told, they麓re overbooked and the only rooms left were suites for an additional 200,-$ per night. At that time of the night we didn麓t have an other chance than to accept, but ...  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>2	4	4	4	4	2	-1	-1	

<Author>pcc05cooker
<Content>What a plce!!! Stayed for 4 nights in July, loved it. Had a room in the 32nd floor, great view of the city. Room was very clean, large size, had a sofa, mini bar, large bathroom with shower, everything we needed. Didnt try out the tennis courts, but did the swimming pool. Such a weird feeling swimming at looking out from the 27th floor, was amazing.Only down side was the location, was a fair walk to a lot of the main attractions, which was ok to start with, but really drained on us by the end. Try to stay in West Tower, some building work outside the east.Look out for offers, i got $130 off a night  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	2	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>vinny4x4
<Content>some like it hot ! Well after looking at reviews for the last three months it was time to finally go and put it all to the test . We were in the west tower which from th 38th floor gave us a view of the empire state as well as the river. I had asked for a city view but this was not possible or we could move at a later date.The bathroom still had the hairs from the previous occupant on the floor but apart from that the room was spacious and in a pretty good condition. As i was sharing with my 16 year old daughter we needed twin beds and this limited our choice of room , apparently .The staff were ok rather than over efficient or friendly and you always thought the bell boys had an ulterior motive for showing their enthusiasm but all in all the hotel was above average and ideal for a 5 day stay, who wants to stay in your room in N. Y. ?What made the holiday was the whole NY experience, the noise, heat, people , taxis , cars, buildings, lights, shops you name it round the corner was another experience !!!!A couple of my favourites were times sq at night, the jersey boys broadway show, the water taxis, staten island ferry, Sean john shop on 5th, i could go on the memories keep coming back.So to finish the hotel does its job but your trip will be made by the rest of the things you do, so dont worry about the hotel enjoy the rest of what you do. Plan a bit but not too much the excitement is the spontaity of the place i would sleep in a box to go back again!ps . dont be shy about using the concierge a few dollars invested in a tip with them can make things a lot easier the older guy was better than the younger one but a few dollars to them was a very good investment.And remember dont let a few hairs spoil your trip !!!!!!!!!!!WE DIDN't AND ENJOY YOURSELVES KEVIN X  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Greenmeister
<Content>Great value for Manhattan I picked this hotel after weeks of reading reviews on this site and others. I decided it offered the best value for money for what I was after and I wasn't to be disappointed. Upon check-in we were upgraded to a corner room on the 30th floor. I had read much about NYC hotel rooms being on the small side but our room at the Millennium Plaza was very spacious. But the main thing about the room was the views - WOW! We had great views over the East River and over Midtown as well. The room was modernly decorated and within easy walking distance of Grand Central Station and the subway. Like others have already done so I would recommend John's Cafe for breakfast and there is also a great 24 hour deli/store on the corner of 44th and 2nd. My main gripe is that when you are paying $300 a night for a room you would expect to have free internet in your room. This was not the case and we were charged $13 a day for the privelege. During our time in the States we had stayed at other more basic hotels which offered free wifi in rooms. In fact, of the 5 hotels we stayed at in total the Millennium Plaza was the only one which did not offer free WIFI. But all in all for the views and size of room you get for your money, I would say, that by NYC standards anyway, the UN Millennium Plaza offers great value for money and I would certainly stay there again and recommend the place to family and friends.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	2	

<Author>NYCfanFinland
<Content>Not that soundproof I got an excellent deal through Travelzoo (219 USD with a breakfast) and stayed in Millenium UN Plaza for 7 nights in July. We got a very spacious superior room on the 36th floor with a wonderful view of the river and the city lights. The room was very comfy and clean and we liked the modern Scandinavian like design.Everything seemed perfect untill our neighbors (three guys in their mid-20s) arrived. We could hear everything from the next door - even their normal conversation. We woke up at 1 AM, 6AM etc. when they came back. Unfortunately the hotel was fully booked and thus we could not change our room. Also, by our surprise, the traffic noise coud be easily heard even though we were on the 36th floor. So if you're a light sleeper, bring your earplugs! The hotel is four blocks from the Central station which we did not mind until the last days - if you're staying for a week you might get fed up with the distance and the time it takes to get to your destination. Also if you want to drop your shopping bags in the hotel during the day, the location might not be the ideal one.I prefer the Millenium Broadway because of the location. I have never had any issues with noise there either. However, with a similar deal as we had I would stay in UN Plaza again and spend the saved dollars in shopping:)  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	2	4	3	3	3	

<Author>roadtripper77
<Content>Good price, great hotel I got a great deal via LastMinute.com with this hotel and thoroughly enjoyed my stay. It was clean (spotless), the staff were pleasant, great midtown location, luxurious rooms with great views. Very safe, great concierge to help you with dinner reservations etc and there are cabs any time outside. Best of all was the bar tender in the bar downstairs - great guy with loads of stories about (unnamed!) dignitaries from the UN that have stopped by over the years. Look out for special coupon deals that the hotel runs - we got a discount voucher for Macy's when we stayed, and there were other seasonal deals too. Only downside, and very minor, was that the reception desk can get busy and you might have a short delay when checking in.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>umcpastor
<Content>Great Value NYC Hotel We spent the weekend at this hotel and had a great experience. The location is great. It is across the street from the UN building. It is close to Grand Central Station and wonderful bus routes. The Hotel staff was friendly and very helpful. The room was clean and the view of the river was grand. I think this hotel provided a weekend stay in NYC at a great value price.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>espengc
<Content>Great views       Room 1532 City and river view!  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>PHFamily
<Content>Terrific experience. A great, affordable hotel       Our room (standard size room)  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>John_Lewis
<Content>Mixed experience Stayed two nights in the Millenium UN Plaza with my girlfriend just after 4th of July, and it was a mixed experience. When we first arrived, we had to wait almost an hour to check in, and the staff were impolite. There were around 20 people in the queue, and it seemed like the hotel just couldn't cope for some reason (this all happened around 3 in the afternoon - the check in time).When we eventually got our room, it was a bit strange - it was curved around the elevator shaft on the 34th floor, and was a very unusual shape. It did however, have a nice view of the Brooklyn Bridge and the south eastern side of Manhattan. We actually had two rooms, as a relative was also staying in the hotel, and we swapped with them to take a bigger size room, which oddly was given to the person on their own, rather than to the couple. This room was a bit nicer, and had a King Bed. But the odd thing about the hotel was how old everything seemed. The bed was really soft (too soft), the TV was ancient, and the fridge positively Jurassic. There was also a leak under the sink, which I mentioned to the check in staff on the way out - this was duly fixed, but for some reason, the message had also been confused into them thinking our safe was broken, so much to our surprise, next time we returned to the room, the safe had been locked with a different code to the one we set it with. A maintenance man came up and explained, but it was all a bit odd. After that our stay at the hotel was ok, but overall I was left with a disappointed feeling. The decor and customer service just was not up to scratch in the room. And the decor in the lobby was just unbelievable, all gaudy mirrors and black counters.As for whether the location is too far out, it's borderline I suppose. I have to say I would have prefered to have stayed a few more blocks centrally, but that wouldn't be the main thing I'd complain about in this hotel. Not terrible, but not great.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	2	1	3	-1	

<Author>Vicky79London
<Content>Wonderful stay at the UN Plaza We stayed on the 29th floor and has a fantastic view of Manhattan (Chrysler building v nearby, lovely view of the Empire state etc) and the East River / Queens etc. Friendly staff, lovely breakfasts and clean, comfortable rooms with a huge bed! We booked via hotels.com and chose the option with breakfast, however we weren't told on arrival that we needed a voucher for breakfast every morning, but this was sorted out for us fairly promptly. We were close enough to everything without being right on Times square (which was a bit of a mad house to be honest! We were glad to be away from all that). I searched for ages trying to find the 'right' hotel for us - I'm happy to say that we were very pleased with this hotel. We're in our late 20s and it was just right for us, though some may feel the hotel is a little bit 'corporate' for their tastes and may want something with more character. But this is NYC and we wanted the whole sky scraper, fab room thing so it was perfect for us.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>DaveHWorcester_UK
<Content>Would definitely recommend We stayed at the UN Millennium Plaza in May/June 2008 for 4 nights and couldn't fault it. The building itself is a huge soaring skyscraper which definitely made you feel like you were in New York straight away, especially as it was our first trip. We had asked for a room with a view of midtown after seeing some of the photos of the amazing views on tripadvisor and we weren't disappointed. We stayed in room 3520, on the 35th floor, and had an amazing view that took in the UN Building, Lower Manhattan in the distance, and the Empire State Building and Midtown. I could lay in bed and see the Empire State Building - who could want a better view?! The room was a 'Deluxe' room I believe (although I'm sure we only paid for a standard) and had a nice, modern decor. The receptionist was always friendly and helpful, as was the concierge the one time we required his assistance. Some reviews have commented on the hotel being a bit out of the way, but it was only a few minutes walk from Grand Central, and we found the area a refreshing respite after the hustle and bustle. And there were lots of places to get food close by, including an indispensible 24hr deli at the end of the street! My only reservation about staying in midtown is that we found it a very tourist-oriented area, so looking for any sort of cool bar scene or nice independant restaurant usually meant having to go downtown. But having said this I would definitely recommend the Millennium UN Plaza, especially for a first visit to New York.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Ironhorse70
<Content>Horrible Experience What a nightmare. My wife and I are from NYC originally, but currently living in the midwest. Neither of us had stayed at the UN Millenium before, but my brother works at the UN and said that he had heard positive things about the hotel so we decided to spend part of our honeymoon there. Big mistake.There are two towers: one is old and in disrepair. It has not been renovated in decades. That is where our first room was located. Immediatley upon entering the room we were shocked at the condition: old, stained carpet with burn marks and the duvet cover was stained as well. The bathroom light fixtures had mutliple breaks in the glass and the bathtub was stained and chipped. When we called the manager was not available and the assistant manager claimed that they were fully booked and could not move us until the following day -- to the NEW tower. They don't publicize this dirty secret, but the support staff we spoke to explained the fact the that there are two towers, one recently renovated and the other a dump that has not been touched in decades,When we got to our new room, the tub was covered in some dark, foul filth -- it appeared that the pipes may have backed up. We called to have it cleaned and in 1/2 hour someone arrived and cleaned the tub. He also corroborated the fact that there are two towers and that the hotel has a history of poor service.The front desk staff and manager could care less. Do yourself a favor and avoid this hotel. There are too many alternatives in NYC.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>kellyjo73
<Content>Big Apple Greatness       smokestacks  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>JRLCW
<Content>Have been staying here for years My husband and I first stayed at the UN Plaza back in 1986 (we were living in NYC at the time and wanted a weekend getaway) and have returned countless times since then. Now that we have two kids in tow, we appreciate the relatively spacious rooms, the fun skyline views, and the swimming pool more than ever. Yes, the decor could use some upgrading/updating and the rooms themselves are fairly standard issue, but trust me, standard issue is larger than most of what you'll find elsewhere in Manhattan at this price point. We have stayed in many, many, MANY postage stamp sized rooms for what you'll pay here. While it's true you don't visit NYC to hang out in the hotel room, with four of us sharing the room, it helps to have the space. Many of the staff have been around for years and have always been kind and helpful to us. I find the location very convenient and generally quiet. In the wake of 9/11 and given the proximity to the UN, security has been increased quite a bit, which at times can be disconcerting. Don't bother with the hotel restaurant -- it's dark and feels like a cave to me. We'll be back next time we're in the city!  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>eve9489
<Content>A Gem in Need of an Update - But Still Great :-) This hotel was selected by our office travel person (must adhere to Gov't rates) but I read reviews and was prepared for everything! Robert - one of the hotel bellmen/outside attendants, was absolutely wonderful remembering our name and greeting us by name each time he saw us. He was a wealth of information on great eating places, directions, etc. We hugged the night before we checked out! The view was spectacular - particularly at night. I don't think you can get a room with a bad view at this hotel - and the window opens!!Now to the not so good :-( The room, although large and comfortable, is certainly dated and lacks many of the features that are standard in the hotel industry today i.e., no flat screen TV - the one in our room was old and not working properly when we arrived, bathroom has seen better days (cracked floor tiles, sink fixtures leaked, water marks in the toilet bowel, marginal cleanliness and large portions of the enamel missing in the tub. My person annoyance, no in room coffee maker or ice machine on the floors. There is PLENTY of room (what looks to be custom-made wide deep shelving space right outside the bathroom with nothing on them but 2 glasses) for a small refrigerator/microwave and coffee maker in those rooms. They really need to bring it up to date. They have a gem there and their staff are all very nice, helpful people. If you go there - tell Robert The Grants said hey :-)  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>akeka
<Content>Enjoyed the Millenium       View from Hotel Room  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>PaulaNorwich_UK
<Content>Fantastic Fantasic hotel. Big room with an amazing view. Friendly staff. Great location. Close to some nice restaurants on 2nd Ave and relatively close to Grand Central Station. Definitely stay there again. Also, a fantastic diner on the corner of 2nd and 44th - the end of the street called John's. Great breakfast at a reasonable price and great staff.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jjo
<Content>Incredible view makes this place the best The rooms are large, for New York, and nicely furnished. But you stay here because every room has fabulous view of the Manhatten skyline. The hotel is in a nice, fairly calm area. Yes, it's a few extra blocks to Times Square, Rockefeller Center, etc., but they are all in walking distance. It's very easy to get cabs and it's a nice neighborhood to walk in. But again, the real reason to stay here is your get a big, nicely furnished room, for a decent price, with as good a view of the skyline as there is.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>beachgirl1011
<Content>Wonderful stay at the Millenium UN We stayed her last weekend for my daughter's 7th birthday. Our purpose for visitng the city was a visit to the American Girl Place. I chose the hotel maily because it had a pool and my daughter and her friend definatly think that is a highlight of a hotel! We were able to check into our room early (around noon), the front desk was very friendly and helpful, finding us a room on the highest floor available so our views were guaranteed to be amazing (which they were). We were room 3512...the room was very large and modern, there was a comfy sofa with lots of pillows, huge closet and big enough bathroom. The views were in fact wonderful.....The girls spent alot of time just looking at the sights outside of the window...it became even more spectacular after dark. When we went back to the room to take a break, we had enough room to spread out and each have a space to relax.The pool is on the 27th floor and although small, not many properties in Manhattan have pools to begin with so we were satisfied. The pool also had great views on 3 sides which were windows.The lobby is very pretty, the hotel staff was helpful and definately friendly and accomodating...we all had a wonderful time and I would definately stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>AndrewEdinburgh
<Content>Good hotel in a good location       Room 3801  
<Date>Jun 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Dunn
<Content>Good but not remarkable We stayed for 4 nights at this place on the back of the great reviews on this site. In summary it is a perfectly adequate hotel for what we paid, and the views are brilliant. The height also helps keep the traffic noise to a minimum. But apart from that there isn't anything else that particularly stands out. Its what you would expect from a city 4 star hotel.We had to move room on the 2nd day as we were next to a building site which started up at 7am in the morning. This was handled well by the hotel who moved our stuff for us whilst we were out. However the new room did have a bit of a cigarette smell to it. The quality of the room was 3 star in terms of finish (a bit rough around the edges) and 4 in terms of size. The staff were good and helpful at all times. The location is OK, good for GC station subway, but a probably a little too far east. Next time I would probably try and stay more downtown or in the meatpacking district as that seemed to be where we spent most of our time.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>lluviagirl
<Content>Great Hotel! We stayed for five nights in this hotel. The room had a side by side beautiful view. Everything was clean. We were near to Grand Central Station. In the counter ask for Barry, he is always willing to help. Ask him for room 3015. The bellhops alse were always willing to help in getting cabs and addresses information. We certainly highly recommend this great hotel.Judith I. Quinones  Jose Galarza-Rodriguez from Puerto Rico  
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>GusGeorgia
<Content>Millennium UN Plaza Hotel is great!       The bathroom  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>jilise
<Content>If you want a hotel with a view... We booked this hotel after reading a few reviews and after a friends daughter's recommendation.We had 2 rooms on the 33rd floor, from opposite sides and therefore managed to get a good ariel perspective of New York. The views from both rooms were simply stunning.The walk to Grand Central Station was 7 mins direct, although on most of our stay we stopped off at John's for breakfast, ,just on the opposite corner. The times we did resort to a taxi (to Times Square) the fare was only $10 including tip. So for a family of 4 a taxi was very cost effective.As others have said the rooms need updating, but are clean and offer large accomodation. The beds were very comfortable. As a brit the downside to the hotel was that it doesn't have tea  coffee facilities in the room. We can recommend the corner shop, 1 minute away open 24 hours a day and it supplies the most wonderful collection of coffees and croissants for that early morning fix.We didn't try the hotel food so can't comment on that, but the bell hop looked after our suitcases on the last day and was a most charming man. Quite frankly, he should have been on the reception desk because he was by far the most charming member of staff we had contact with.The swimming pool is worth a look even for those not interested in swimming as it gives views of New York in 3 directions.Overall a goodish hotel in a reasonable area with good access to the city.  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>brockboi
<Content>Great Stay i ended up getting the Plaza Hotel through a name your price bid on priceline and it turned out to be excellent. we had a beautiful view of the east river, empire state building, chrysler building, and south east manhattan. the hotel has a tennis court and pool on the 37th floor with an amazing view. the room was big enough and everything with clean and tidy throughout the hotel.my negatives, hotel parking was $46 a day, which isn't too expensive for NYC but I called ahead to find out the price of parking and I was told it would be $30. We were not allowed to carry our own bags, forced to use the bell hop for safety reasons (aka money reasons!), and internet was $13 a day. but all in all, amazing view which was worth the price alone.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	2	

<Author>KGTravels
<Content>Average Fairly good location as tourist, but feel it is more of a business hotel. The concierge was friendly and knowledgeable of the local area and recommended some nice places to eat.The hotel room was nice and spacious, but felt it was let down by the dated bathroom. If you can get a good deal, then well worth staying here.  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>george_apos
<Content>It Worth it!       6  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jjooddiiee
<Content>best views ever       hotel  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Owen2000
<Content>OK Hotel We stayed here for 3 nights and although the Reception area is quite plush the overall standard of the rooms are very 60's. Initially we had a room on the 30th floor and the actual room was big but very dated. We had a tiny window so we asked to be moved. We were then on the 37th floor and we had a suite which was much better. This hotel is a little out of the way for us, but you can easily get a bus into the main part.There is a swimming pool right at the top which is OK.We initially stayed at the Westin in Times Square and that was far superior than this hotel.As I said, it was OK but probably wouldn't stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	2	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Noodle73Uk
<Content>Fantastic Location and views Wow.....we had expected great views but when we got there they were fab! Staff were great, concierge very friendly and helpful. Gym could do with some updating especially the free weights, but again views were excellent.Breakfast food was great and of a good quality.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>LB1985
<Content>Good hotel, excellent location, amazing views!       Hotel exterior (silver tower in background)  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>smuudge
<Content>Good NYC base       view from our room  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>SpookedNorthEast
<Content>Security Nightmare We arrived at the Millennium Un Plaza following a long haul flight from the UK late evening. Our booking was for 2 adults plus one 9 year old child. We were shown to our room which provided a King Size Bed with a very dirty Bedspread upon it. I requested a replacement which was only marginally better. The replacement took sometime to arrive and the rollout bed promised, was not delivered to our room at all. Not a briilliant start but something we could hopefully rectify the following morning. Unfortunately things went from 'bad to worse'. The main reason that we had chosen this Hotel was because of the indoor pool. My daughter was extermely keen to explore all the Hotel facilities and I accompanied her just after 7 am on the first morning. Whilst we went to look at the pool my husband was going to take a shower. We went back to the room to be shocked and fearful to find a young man sat on the bed. He appeared to be in a very vunerable state and I could not understand who he was I why he was there. What he did however tell me was that the Hotel had provided him with access to our room whilst my husband was in the shower. Until I arrived back to the room with my daughter and raised the alarm my husband was oblivious to the intruder. We immediately called Security and the gentleman that arrived at our door was indeed the man who had earlier let the stranger in the room. This incident frightened my daughter and she did not want to stay at the Millennium Hotel any longer. I was extermely unhappy with the actions of the Hotel and concerned for the safety of the young man so requested that they notify the Police of the incident. This notification to the Police was not carried out by the Hotel but left for me to undertake. The Hotel Manager agreed to arrange for a transfer of Hotels and we moved accordingly. This incident including packing meant that several hours of our first day In New York were wasted. The Hotel had stated that this 'mistake' was due to new Computer system and that this guy had infact been registered as a guest albeit he had already checkout. The Hotel Manager and Director of Security promised to send a follow up apology by email and that this would be availble upon our return to the UK. This incident happened 3 weeks ago and we have not received any correspondance. Fortunately the Hotel we moved to offered a greater sense of professionalism and we were able to convince our daughter that it was safe to stay in New York.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>spaincaz
<Content>Fab Time We have recently stayed for a long weekend in the UN Millenium Plaza. We had a great time although at first we were given a room with 'not much of a view'. After asking to be moved we got a room on the 40th floor and were not disappointed. The staff were lovely  very helpful, also the hotel was in quite a central position and taxi's seemed fairly cheap, the hotel to Time's Square was around $5.50. Would recommend this hotel if staying in New York.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Hipster31
<Content>Fantastic Hotel We arrived at the Millenium only to be turned away on the 1st night as there was an overbooking. They handled it well and the next day we were treated to a wonderful dinner in The Ambassador Grill which I would recommend for great service, at Breaskfast also. Our room was very spacious and the view of New york's skyline left me awe-inspired if not a little giddy...To find a pool, tennis court and spacious rooms in New York, now that is a rare find....Close by - Oyster bar at Grand Central Station (7 min walk) try sampling some Oysters. If brave try the Oyster shot!  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>countrykitten24
<Content>The best Hotel we ever stayed in. We had never been treated to wonderful in our lives. This hotel treats you like royalty from the desk to the doorman. We were so spoiled by the entire staff we did not want to go home. I would recoment this place to anyone. Thank you very much New York and the Millennium UN. We will return.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>etonata
<Content>Not very clean, not very friendly I booked this hotel for one very important reason - they have kind of not too expensive parking charge (about $40 per day which is good for NY), and they said that I CAN OPEN A WINDOW in the room. Honestly, this is very important to me, I cannot stay in the room with the sealed windows, I get completelly sick, so I always call to the hotel before I do any booking. Anyway - out of all Manhattan' hotels I chose this one ONLY because they promised that I wouold be able to open a window ( a little bit!). Well, it was not true. When I came - they were very friendly, and they pre-register me at 10 a.m. assuring me that my room will be ready by 1 p.m. It was not true either. It was not ready even at 3 p.m. (official check - it time). I was able to get my room only at 4 p.m. It The building looks nice from outside, and the lobby is nice too, but inside - you feel like you are walking Ramada hotel. Not very nice, not very clean. The room has very limited furniture, you feel that one little table at least is missing. The beds are noisy and not comfortable, shaking on the high legs. Don't expect any nice pillows either. Everythign is minimized, but - SURE ENOUGH - you have that expensive mini-bar with the key, so they can charge you more. The toilet is not clean, the actual toilet has dirty stains all over, the water from the sink is leaking, and the water in the shower does not go away. The view howere is terrific, but the window is sealed, you cannot open it so you stay in the air-conditioned room without ay fresh air, and after a night sleeping in such a room your head is heavy and your nose is stuffed, and you have slight cold flu symptoms. I came to the reception and I talked to the Manager Marcos who said that they have other rooms where the window can be indeed open, and he said that they will move me. But = guess what - they did not. WHen I came to the reception again - Marcos was not there, but there was some other girl, and she was rude, she was rolling her eyes like I am asking for a moon from the sky, and she did not even apologize, thus .. it was not very nice. The hotel is full of children, It looks like thay are haveing some group deal overe there, but you do not expect to be right in the middle of the high school when you pay so much for your stay. You feel like you are camping with the bunch of boyscouts. If you do not mind it - sure you can chose this hotel. If you do not mind rude stuff - sure you can chose this hotel. But if you prefer to get a decent service for the money you pay - stay away, this is not a good place. And even your wonderfull view from the sealed window does not help. I also asked for some help to book some tourist tours - and received no assistance. The restaurant is of low quality and sure enough - overpriced. You do not mind to pay more for a good food in NY, but when you pay $60 for piece of meat you expect it to be a good piece at least - but it is not. The food was of Dennis' quality. I would say - this is 2 star motel in a body of high glass building, that's it. THe only advantage is - the location. It is really comfortable. You are right in the middle of Midtown, easy walking distance to everything you want to see in NY.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>2	4	2	5	2	2	2	1	

<Author>Pipocavi
<Content>Perfect       bathroom 2- queen  
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>rileyred
<Content>views are terrific The Millenium Plaza ,One United Nations, is an excellent hotel for views.Just got back and stayed on the fortieth floor !! Hotel is spotless, rooms are big, and whilst it is a bit further out this means the hotel is very quiet.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mush2
<Content>Fantastic hotel       view from our window at sunrise  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TandJLancashire
<Content>Another excellent stay  This was our second stay at the UN Millennium Plaza. We recommend you book direct with the hotel and ask for 'In House reservations' rather than the call centre. They are very obliging  helpful. We chose a superior room in the refurbished East tower, but were upgraded to a Junior Suite, free of charge on arrival, which has the advantage of a lounge  2 bathrooms. Like most NY sensibly priced hotels, this is not 鈥榩osh鈥?but it is clean, spacious  comfortable with the friendliest staff you could wish for. Ideally located opposite the UN, it is in a quiet spot, but only 10 minutes walk from Grand Central Station  15 mins to 5th Ave. We did not eat in the hotel, but turn right out of the front doors and head for John鈥檚 Diner for a super breakfast  you will be treated like friends and quickly feel like a 鈥榥ative New Yorker鈥? There is a super deli a few doors away  Fabio鈥檚 Italian restaurant, two doors from John鈥檚 Diner is superb.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>WarringtonCleo
<Content>Amazing Views!!! We have just returned from an amazing 5 day stay at the Millennium U.N Plaza Hotel. On arrival at check in I asked if there was any chance of a larger room as we were travelling with our one year old son and with cot, pram etc would definetely need more space. Barry at reception was very helpful and after a few moments said he would give us a complimentary upgrade to a larger room with kitchen!! When we arrived at our room we could not believe how large it was and although it may have been a bit chintzy and the kitchen was what you might call vintage by NY standards this was something special. However, the best was yet to come!!! We had arrived in NY to torrential rain and so had not even been able to see the famous skyline driving into the city. We opened the curtains in our room and could not make out where the ESB and Chrysler building were until the clouds suddenly moved and there straight infront of our window was the Chrysler building all lit up and the Empire State Building. It was one of those hairs standing up on the back of your neck moments!! We also had a east river view as we were in a corner room and could see the UN building and river.We also used the hotel pool during our stay - again great views.It was my fifth visit to NY so had seen all sights before but did Central Park, Staten Island Ferry, Wall St , South Street Seaport and loads of shopping!!!! Amazing discounts to be had at Century 21 . To anyone who is thinking of taking a baby, toddler to NY go for it. We were treated really well by everyone and even the taxi drivers were friendly this time. We ate breakfasts at some amazing delis and nowhere was there a problem with a baby.My liitle boy loved all the fuss and enjoyed the zoo in central park and loved seeing all the yellow cabs. In all a fab holiday and would highly recommend the hotel, fab staff, great location only 10 mins to Fifth ave and above all absolutely stunning views. We will def be back!!!  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>barkerhart
<Content>Loved the UN! Me and my girlfriend stopped at the un plaza for 5 nights in march we had a fantastic time as with most people we stopped for the views we got a room in the east tower in a classic style room which is one of the new style rooms very funky and modern we had a full view of the united nations and could see the empire state from our bed and the chrysler to the right of the window im sure there are better views in other rooms but you may not get as good room decor etc, the doorman robert was a star any directions needed places to eat or drink was very helpful as they all were i nfairness, the only problems we encounted was as we dont own a credit card the guy on the reception barry demanded a $100 a night deposit incase we used the mini bar i felt this was very unreasnable as we had no intention of using these facilities never mind best part of 拢250! he said we should use our money we had brought to which i said no that is for our holiday not a stupid room deposit in the end he took $2oo which we got back at the end, the other was my partner had an elergic reaction to the bed sheet we asked reception on the 2nd night if it would be possible to get a cotton sheet they said someone would be up to our room 4 nights passed never heard a word which i thought was very rude,the location aint as bad as some say as long as your fit and you can read a map its well within reach of most attractions,overall a very nice place to stop and visit!.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>kathmcc
<Content>Warm reception, amazing views, great hospitality       Sunset  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Lagan
<Content>Highly recommended This hotel is large but with friendly staff, large clean rooms and an excellent swimming pool at the top of the building.Beside the UN building it is fairly central and around 10 minutes walk from Grand Central Station. My only criticism is that the breakfasts (not included in the hotel room rate as usual) were expensive but like other reviewers we dined out at Johns a local diner with lots of local character.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ladyh83
<Content>Loved the UN Plaza We stayed at the Millennium UN Plaza from 22 December 2007 for 5 days. Our stay was amazing!! Although the hotel is located somewhat further away from main New York attractions than others you, are only 3 blocks away from Grand Central Station. The subway network is fantastic and saves so much time and cash in relation to travelling around the city. Get a subway pass - it saves so much time in the station - no queuing for tickets etc. We arrived at the UN plaza and were upgraded to a room on the 38th floor (thanks Barry!). The room was spacious, bed was massive and comfy and the views were amazing!! Looking out of our window, the Chrysler building was only a few blocks away!! Mini bar prices were a little expensive but there are a few local stores where you can stock up on goodies etc. We had Christmas Day lunch in the Ambassador Grill and this was totally awesome. 2 Hour sitting with all you can eat buffet and bottomless glass of champagne. What more could you ask for!!When I return to New York, I will book another room at the UN Plaza - the place was amazing and the staff so helpful. Can鈥檛 wait to return!!  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Mike4328
<Content>Great location, good hotel       Sunrise over Brooklyn  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Work-for-Sun
<Content>The UN-Surpassed Millenium UN Plaza       Empire State at Night  
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>raychasers
<Content>Exceeded our expectations!       Chrysler Building from room  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>shannon711
<Content>fantastic base       view from our hotel room  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>mopsydog
<Content>Nice one night stay I'd like to give this hotel 3.5 stars if I could... I enjoyed the location, the size of the room and the views from the hotel. The staff was also very friendly and helpful. The room itself was large, but showing some signs of wear. Had breakfast in the dining room. The breakfast was expensive and not very good - we just had muffins and bagels - would have gone elsewhere in search of good bagels if it hadn't been so cold! I would probably stay here again if the price was good.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>CowsGoMooo
<Content>Loved it! What a great hotel. The rooms are clean and well equipped. The staff are freindly and always there to help with a good place to eat or go. What a great view. We could se the empire state building and the Crysler building too. and its only a stones throw away from the sights. I would recommend this to anyone.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Freck10
<Content>Good hotel - ideally situated in NYC Great hotel - ideally situated, about 5-10 minutes walk from main attractions. Only stayed there for 3 nights so didnt really use alot of the facilities - staff very friendly and welcoming.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Poohbear40Somerset
<Content>A fantastic weekend       view from the ferry.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>filet
<Content>2nd Time around GREAT!       view from the room  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>Bokk
<Content>Ok hotel though expensive Stayed in this hotel on our first visit to New York. On the 38th floor overlooking city and had the most wonderful views. Thought the room was a little grubby eg fancy bedcover (which we threw off every night) was very dirty round the edges, and the kitchenette area was rather tacky! Otherwise the room was fine. Not a fault of the hotel, but United Vacations had booked this trip and we were supposed to have a triple room but what we got was one king sized bed - apparently this hotel does not have triple rooms. So my 16 year old daughter had to sleep on a fold out bed. The hotel were good about getting it set up and she said it was comfy but I was rather peeved as we had paid a lot of money for the trip. The location was fine for us as it was a rather quiet street. However, having visited several US cities since, I have learnt that in those places where you are out all day sightseeing, such as New York, you can get away with cheaper accommodation (so long as it is clean and comfortable).  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	2	2	3	-1	

<Author>GLOPURPLE
<Content>Great Hotel       sunrise from suite 38 flr  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>toerocket
<Content>UnPlaza won't return again We had stayed at this hotel the year before and had a reasonably ok time. This time we found several problems and issues.We had to move room due to noise levels at night , impossible to sleep on the first night.The room they moved us to had a problem with the AirconditioningThe swimming pool was out of action.The main problem i have with this hotel is that when i checked my bill, after i left the hotel there were several calls to Spain and other numbers that had nothing to do with us. It took a while(weeks) to get to someone who could do anything about this and then it took additional time(weeks) for them to refund my card. I wonder how many other guests have had these types of charges appear on their bill and not spot them. The hotel's only execuse was that maybe the phone lines were swtiched. I asked them to put in writing what happened and they haven't done so. I would be seriously concerned about anyone staying here is the future  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	4	1	1	2	1	

<Author>hayho
<Content>Loved the Hotel - Fabulous Views and Pool We stayed at the UN Millenium Plaza over Christmas week 2007 and it was absolutely perfect. When we arrived I asked for a room overlooking the city, but we were given a massive corner room overlooking the river. The room was lovely but I wanted to see the Empire State and Crysler, so I asked if we could change rooms. This was done for us straight away and we ended up with a 32nd floor room overlooking the city and had perfect views of the Empire State and Crysler. The view was amazing, especially at sunrise and sunset and we took some really good photo鈥檚 from the room. The room was large and had everything we needed, including a sofa, safe, hairdryer and a kitchenette with fridge, which came in very handy to store my Juniors cheesecake in, as it took me 3 days to eat it!!The hotel staff were very helpful and friendly, especially Karine at reception and also the concierge.The pool on the 27th floor was great and had lovely views of the city and was good to relax in after a long day of walking and shopping. It was about a 10 鈥?15 minute walk into the heart of Times Square, although it gave us chance to see things we wouldn鈥檛 necessarily have seen otherwise and also we could get a muffin or a donut on the walk. I would definitely stay here again, mainly for the views, size of the room and the swimming pool. It was also a reasonable price for Christmas and would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>tracy7314
<Content>Enjoyed my stay I was thrilled with the last minute deal I got though Priceline this last weekend. I had a large modern room on the 32nd floor. The bed was very comfy and the view was great. It was actually much larger than I expected after reading about hotels in NYC. The location isn't right in the middle of everything but that was fine for me(about 2 blocks to Grand Central). I didn't have any issue with the tipping as other reviewers have written - I found everyone to be friendly and helpful.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>KDP650
<Content>Top Notch We booked a last minute stay at the Millennium UN Plaza Hotel in January 2008 through Priceline for $125 plus taxes and was not disappointed. We weren't looking or needing to stay in any area in Manhattan in particular, so this location worked well for us.The hotel was very nicely appointed with a pleasant modern lobby and commons areas. We were given a king room on the 31st floor of the east tower, with a beautiful view of Manhattan, overlooking the East River, the UN, the Chrysler Building, and the Empire State Building.The room itself was very nice and quite large by New York City standards. It was also very tastefully appointed in modern decor, with a separate bar area, sofa, mini-bar, good size closet, plus all the usual amenities. The bathroom was also good size too.The hotel is a long 2-1/2 block walk to the nearest subway stops, in Grand Central Terminal, but wasn't too bad at all. There were always cabs waiting out front if we needed to get anywhere by taxi too or if the weather was bad.Definitely recommended, especially if you want to stay around midtown east.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>jeffpsd
<Content>My return visit, still a great hotel I returned to the UN Millennium last month, asked for a west view, was told that the room would have it; instead it faced east. I wasn't in the mood at the time to go back down and ask for a change; so I stayed. It was in the west tower (I had stayed in the east tower last year, with great city views) in a newly refurbished corner room, which looked great, so I really couldn't complain. I find the location, views (including a gym and pool on the 27th floor), size of rooms, staff, cleanliness and price make for one of the best deals in the city. I'll be back in 2008.Also, I received a nice letter from the G.M. regarding my stay and said that my preferences would be kept on file for my future stays.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	4	

<Author>Hibee1973
<Content>Cant fault it but tipping expected too easily Good hotel , location not great but ok .Concierge very helpful but front desk a bit awkward.Bar prices OTT.Room was big and great view but bus tours dont start unril 10 am in the area.Would stay again though as on the whole a good experience.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dannyw1uk
<Content>Carried away with New York We stayed here in October 2005 as part of my Birthday present.I had never been to America before never mind New York and was not accustomed to the tipping aspect of Stateside life, thus I was a little annoyed when I was glared at by the doorman who held the door open for me while I struggled though with my bags after not tipping him! That aside the hotel is really nice. Clean, in a good location. Friendly staff (not so much the receptionist who acted like she was doing me a favour taking my money!) but the Bell Hops, bar staff  eventually the doorman were all friendly types who were pleased to share their knowledge of what鈥檚 hot and what鈥檚 not in NYC.One small gripe was that as it鈥檚 the UN building there are no subways under it so you needed to walk or get a cab. Since Gulliani however walking at night in New York is not a worry anymore and is a nice way to see the city. I would stay here again but might look to be a little nearer the action in say Times Square or further into Manhatten  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	3	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>meekoct
<Content>Black Mold For those folks who have allergies, or a compromised immune system, I would be careful at this hotel. There are quite a few of the rooms in the new side with black mold on the front of the a/c-heating vent. This can tell you that there is a lot of it on the inside, and it has nowhere else to go. Blackmold can really make you sick, and I told the front desk that they have a severe problem. I changed rooms three times. You will know that it is there the minute you walk in because it smells musty. Other than that the location is great. I would guess you can do a lot better though.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	3	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>LOZNBEN
<Content>Fantastic!! Couldn't ask for more! Stayed between 24th-27th Nov 2007. Enjoyed every minute as this was our 1st time in New York. The views were out of this world, this was an extra bonus for us. Great location in easy reach of main attractions. Friendly staff, easily a 4 star, would highly recommend and return to this fabulous hotel.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>cloen
<Content>Excellent View and great service Stayed at this hotel for 5 nights. I had requested a corner room when I made the booking and when checking in, the person behind reception made a special effort getting us that room. Stayed on the 38th floor with a beautiful view over the city. The room was a good size and well decorated, with the king size bed being very comfortable. As for the location, the hotel is in a relatively quite area but sights like the Empire State building, Grand Central, Times Square are within walking distance. The subway is easily accesible from Grand Central. I have to say that the quiet location was a relief from the crowds around Times Square. We didn't try the restaurant or bar in the hotel, as there were a lot of restaurants in the direct neighbourhood. The concierge was extremely helpful in giving us recommendations.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Goulz
<Content>Nice hotel, price was right! Got the room for 175 USD on Priceline. Requested a corner room upgrade. View was great even though the weather was average.Had to take room service on our first night. Pizza, fries and Coke for 40$... Expensive, but comparable to other 4-star hotels.The staff was very friendly, especially Karine at the front desk and Ed the bellman.Location was good. Taxis to and from the airport, and walked most of the trip.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	3	3	5	4	3	

<Author>Carter-Shaw
<Content>Lovely Hotel with lots of Characters!!!       View from the bed!!  
<Date>Dec 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Sauceybird
<Content>Great as a base for shopping !! I have just returned from this hotel and I would happily stay there again. I have been to New York 6/7 times shopping and the room we had this year (3838) was on of the best we have had ! The rooms was larger than other rooms (ie Hyatt @ Grand central) and the views were the best ever right over the Empire State and Crysler building. I have stayed in this hotel on business so asked for a great room with a great view on booking and it worked ! We only used the room for a base for shopping and it was perfect for that. Would happily stay there again as got a great deal on last minute.com !!  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>franny26
<Content>nice stay but some issues We stayed six nights at the Millennium UN Plaza Hotel. The front desk staff was very nice and helpful at the check in. We got a remodeled room and an upgrade to a superior room (we booked standard). We had a nice view from our room but you kind of had to be close to the window to see the Chrysler and Empire State building or you had to lean out in order to take a picture of them. But we liked our room and the view very much. We were located at the 30th floor and after sleeping two nights very well (beds are very comfy) a crackling noise started and woke me up in the middle of the night. It was so loud that I couldn't get back to sleep and I ended up using earplugs. The next day we asked at the front desk what this could be and they told us that we probably just forgot to turn off the ac. But we checked everything that night and it was not the ac. In the evening we asked if somebody could check this noise out in our room since we could still hear it. The maintenance guy stopped by and said this crackling noise is the wind and the hotel received a lot of complaints about that recently. The noise got much quieter the next nights and we didn't bother to ask for another room. The concierge helped us with a restaurant reservation at a very nice Italian restaurant. The only real complaint I have is that I asked several times to get a clean comforter (there was a big stain on ours) and after asking four times and they never changed it I was sick of it and just gave up. Another not very nice situation we had was at the check out. The lady who was helping us asked me to fill out a survey. I told her we are in a rush but we would be happy to fill it out and mail it in or do it online. She responded very rude that this is not an option and grabbed the survey from me. I was very unhappy with her reaction and how she treated me during the entire check out procedure. I have to say that you can forget the ladies at the front desk but the guys are very very nice. They always asked us how we like New York and our stay at the Hotel. If we asked the ladies at the front desk (as I asked for a new comforter) they always gave me the impression that they are really annoyed by our requests and treated us disrespectful.  We liked our stay at the Millennium though we had some issues but I am not sure if I would return. Location was great just 10 minutes to Central Station and Fifth Avenue.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	3	4	2	-1	

<Author>Tagesthemen
<Content>Fantastic Views Booking here was worth it for the views alone as rooms begin from about the 28th floor. We were doubly lucky because we got a corner room. The rooms themselves are fairly average (although we were in the newly renovated rooms) but in this hotel it really is about the view, the view and more about the view. In addition to that, we also found the front desk staff to be incredibly helpful and friendly. Full points. Very satisfied customers. We will be back.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	3	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>Rachie810
<Content>Beautiful views! Horrible food! My husband and I just returned from a weekend getaway to NYC. We were pleasantly surprised with how beautiful the hotel is and how pleasant the staff was. The concierge was more than helpful with recommending things to do and giving us directions. The room was nice and the view was absolutely goregous; we could see the Chrysler Building and the Empire State Building. My only complaint with the room was the bed. It squeaked so loud with just the slightest pressure. We had a hard time sleeping due to our bed and hearing the bed next door. Do NOT get the breakfast buffett. We were very disappointed with the quality of the food and very upset over the sticker shock....$65 for two buffetts! Other than that, we had a great time and for the price, we'd recommend it to anyone who wants to be outside of the hustle and bustle. We got the double decker bus tour pass for 48 hours and used that to get around. Times Square is about a 15 min walk...not bad!  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>tannedchick
<Content>Would stay again... My boyfriend and I have just come back from a 5 night stay at the Millennium. The hotel is clean, staff are friendly and the views of Manhattan from the room were fantastic. Felt like waking up and looking at a postcard every morning.The hotel is a short (10 min) walk to Grand Central to catch the subway. For some this may have been an inconvenience but we quite enjoyed being away from the hustle and bustle of Times Square and the like.We did visit John's Cafe on two occassions and if a hearty breakfast is what you need to set you up for the day then this is the place to go.We also had a dip in the pool, great views over the city. Like one other user said though, the pool is closed from the 25th Nov for repairs and i can't remember when it opens again.Overall, we would definitely stay at the Millennium again.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>kambinky
<Content>Marvel at the Millenium       Hotel Entrance  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jgbreay
<Content>Better than Expected Having booked through Hotwire, I was apprehensive based on some of the previous reviews.However, I phoned ahead and asked for a twin room in the East Tower and was very happy with the room allocated. It was on 34th floor with excellent views, very spacious and spotlessly clean. Foyer was welcoming, with very helpful concierge.Overall, an excellent stay and good value for the quality. Although a bit further from some of the attractions, this also provided an escape form the bustle.Definitely recommended.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>goodreviewer
<Content>1 of the Best Hotels in New York!!!! This hotel is absoutly Brilliant. The rooms are nice and cosy. The bed is nice and comfortable. The views are just magnificent. The main entrance was stunning, with all the mirrors. the staff were very hepful and friendly.I would highly recomend this hotel. This hotel is in a ideal spot because it is situated out of the main city but still in walking distance of all the attractions like Empire state buliding and chrysler buliding. This hotel is not pricy if anything it is cheap for were it is, not as expensive as staying in a Hotel on Broadway or near times sqaure. Do not book it of Hotwire because they are not a very good company. go to a local travel agent and talk to them, they will give you a great deal.i give this hotel 10/10My stay was truely wonderful.Thank you New York for a Good hotel.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Kurt12123
<Content>Good but Expensive       Sitting Area  
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Toronto_Brit_Girl
<Content>Great Hotel!!!       Twin Beds  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Thebic
<Content>Very pleasantly surprised! After reading so many tales about how Hotwire customers were treated like second class citizens, I was very nervous about how our trip would shape up, but the Millenium completely amazed me with fantastic service and a wonderful room. I had booked on Hotwire since regular fall hotel rates were astronomical, and received a stellar corner room on the 32nd floor with a King sized bed and unbelievable views. Nothing seemed outdated, and I absolutely felt that the hotel's four star rating was justified. The location is a little farther away from a subway stop than I would have liked, especially since it was rainy nearly every day of our vacation, but I didn't really mind being removed from the Times Square mayhem on Halloween. It was an incredible trip and we looked forward to coming home to the Millenium every night.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>Sunny8765
<Content>The Millennium did not dissapoint! We just got back from a 3 day stay at the Millennium U.N. We stayed in the East Tower (on request) on the 36th floor. We had incredible views on Manhattan - mainly of the south end of the island, East River, and part of Midtown (we could see the Empire State building almost straight ahead). We loooved the views, especially at night, and I think it would be hard to find a hotel with views that great. All the rooms start on the 28th floor, so I think they all have good views. They have an awesome pool on the 28th floor, surrounded by walls of windows - pretty incredible. So take your suits, we wished we had. The room itself was pleasant, clean and comfortable. Nothing fancy, but the bed was nice and not hard and the bathroom clean. The room did have a little wear and tear but it was still nice and the hotel staff was very friendly and helpful. Not sure what the west tower rooms were like, but we had heard to stay in the east tower, so we did. It did look like the furniture had been renovated at some point. No coffee maker and all the snacks they leave out cost a fortune, so we always just grabbed stuff at a little store down the street. The location was fine with us, because we loved the views and liked being away from the hustle of time square etc.... but it is a little bit of a walk to a subway (closest one being GrandCentral).... I guess plan on about a 10 min. walk. We always felt safe - seemed like there was always people out and about, but at times it would have been nice to have had a subway a little closer.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lauren1212
<Content>We Enjoyed our Stay - We are from London I was very dubious about this hotel after reading the reviews. So I rang my Travel Agent and insisted they rang the hotel to make sure we did not get one of the terrible rooms people have mentioned. Anyway when we arrived I told them that the trip to New York was a present from my husband (true) and asked for an upgrade. We were given a terrific room that was big, clean with an amazing view. The staff were great we had no problems with them at all. We went to Johns for breakfast which someone on one of the other reviews recommended and as he said the breakfasts were great with free coffee refills and very reasonable. Go to Sparks for a great Steak or Palm 11 great!!! Overall we had a fab stay.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	5	4	5	

<Author>marketingguy
<Content>Worst Hotel Stay in Years. The single worst hotel I've stayed at in years. The rooms look like they were decorated in 1972. The bed was old, lumpy, and simply bad. Dirty spots on the carpet throughout and peeling paint in the bath. Thankfully Hotwire made it right and got me another room. I travel constantly and expected so much more of a Millenium Hotel. Clearly they are not putting any funds into the property. But with such an incredible location, I cannot understand why they wouldn't make this a showplace. The bell staff and front door team were terrific and indicated that the hotel has lots of issues. Front desk staff couldn't care less.Bottom line: Avoid this place if you want to have a pleasant stay in NYC.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	2	3	-1	

<Author>krissfm
<Content>Hope to come back again!       33th floor  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>maroon5fan
<Content>Nice staff, okay room, so-so location I only stayed a couple of nights here with a room I booked through priceline.com for $250US/night (it was one of those auctions). I arrived nearly at midnight and found the desk staff to be very nice and helpful. The room I was in was...well the main area was very clean and very spacious although I think a vanity mirror of some sort was perhaps necessary...there's no mirrors in the room save the bathroom.The bathroom was clean and all, but the temperature of the hot water and the tub itself was kind of so-so. Like, the water never felt hot enough and the lever to turn on the water was kind of in shabby condition. I'm easy to please when it comes to hotel rooms, so like I wasn't distraught at the sort of run down nature of the tub. It was clean so I wasn't put off too badly. Overall the room itself was nice enough. It was oldish looking, but like I liked the spaciousness of the room and the kindness of the staff. I think the only real negative point of the hotel for me was its location. It's not the hotel itself, but the location. Like it's yes within minutes of walking to the Grand Central Station/42nd Street stop subway station, but like I still think it's a bit too far to walk when it's night time or after you've been out already walking and shopping all day...at night it gets really deserted and quiet there and not that it's not safe, but it's just I'd rather not walk four blocks after getting off the subway late at night to get to the hotel. Also like the Saturday I was there, there was apparently some street party or something happening on the main street/sidewalk area that leads to the main hotel entrance. It was extremely noisy and just wall-to-wall people. The policemen wouldn't allow you through unless you showed them a key to your room...I was admittedly really annoyed at this sudden street party or whatever it was. It's like it wasn't even some official UN/important gathering but like some random party. Like I wish we were told by the hotel staff or given a heads up that it would be happening, so we could've avoided having to navigate through throngs of strangers and strange people and have my friend be questioned about truly being a guest at the hotel. It's like it's a public street that leads to a hotel like what if only I was staying at the hotel and I met up with friends and we were just going back to my hotel to go get something. Like why would we all need a room key just to walk down the sidewalk that's blocked because of some stupid random street party? And then there was all this garbage strewn all over the street and sidewalk after it was over....it's like if something like this is going to happen so close to the hotel, then I think the hotel should've told us so we would've known in advance to like use an alternative route to get to/from the hotel. But in general, I say the hotel staff was really nice and courteous from housekeeping, the front desk, the doormen, and the concierge and even the person who answered the phone to confirm my reservation. The rooms are fine, but the only true negative is just the location. It's just a tad too far from the nearest subway station.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	2	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>w4c71101
<Content>Sleep on the Subway it is Better What a horrible experience, we booked on Hotwire and there was nobody in the hotel but they gave us the worst room ever probably because of how we booked it. First of all our room had blemishes on the wall, dust everywhere and also black curly hairs in various places in the washroom. This website requested I review the room and therefore I am. When we went to lower the blinds to go to sleep around 10pm as we had to leave at 5am the blinds came crashing down and could not be fixed. It then took them an hour to move us to another room and then they tried to incredulously charge me for some drinks we did not have. I would never stay there ever again, the manager on duty did not care at all for servicing her clients and empathizing with the needs of the guests. It was almost like she felt it was our fault that the entire apparatus for holding up the blinds came crashing down at 10pm and we inconvenienced her. Then to say it would take 10 minutes but it took an hour to move rooms. Honesty and Integrity do not equal the Millennium UN Plaza Hotel.I called the hotel to discuss the issue with the director but they did not know how to handle the call. I was given the voicemail of someone in the service department. It is completely out of order with no process or pride for the manner in which the establishment is run.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	3	1	3	1	2	

<Author>LifeIsShort...Travel
<Content>Hotwire Rooms are Substandard I had to stay overnight at the last minute in this hotel and although it had a 4 star rating on Hotwire, in reality the rooms they give to Hotwire customers are the old, outdated rooms. I wouldn't have known that there were renovated rooms available, had not my substandard room had a broken bathtub and cracked sink. The front desk was kind enough to upgrade me to the other tower with the renovated rooms and admitted that because I got the room on Hotwire I got a standard room. Once I got to the new room, it was almost like night and day. You could still see chipped walls and the bathtub wasn't thoroughly clean (i.e. caked soap in the shower tub), but I was too tired and grateful to NOT have to stay in the standard room. I personally WILL NOT stay at this property again. But if you do make a reservation here, make sure you request a renovated room.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	1	2	3	-1	1	

<Author>nico35
<Content>a good room This hotel is good. Not great but good. The rooms are nice, nothing special there. They could have been cleaner- The room I was in just seemed to be in need of a good seasonal deep clean. The location is fantastic, just 4 blocks from Grand Central Terminal. The staff is friendly enough. The one outstanding feature of the room is the view. It is fantastic. They also have the only indoor hotel tennis in Manhattan, and a pretty good sized swimming pool. All in all, I would say it was a good experience and I would stay again for the right price.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	2	3	-1	3	

<Author>carlar4825
<Content>excellent hotel for the money I don't know who would say this hotel was outdated, for I am a picky person and I felt the hotel was very modern. It is about 5 long blocks from Grand Central Station and the same if you need to take the subways, however, plenty of courteous service and taxis right in front of the hotel. I stayed here 2 times in the past year and each time had little wait to check in and out, and was very pleased with the room and service. I would stay again, hands down a great experience  
<Date>Sep 22, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>prashpai
<Content>Pretty good I booked my stay here for 1 night for Hotwire, and given all the bad reviews was pretty apprehensive about staying at this place. However, when I checked in I asked for a renovated room, and they did give me one. The room was excellent, and we had a side view of the river. Everything was clean. The mattress and pillows were not of the quality you would expect in a 4 star, but its fine.There is not much around this place, but that might be a good thing since the next couple of days I stayed in Times Square and the streets were so loud, you could hear it on the 34th floor.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>love2vacations
<Content>Great views, outdated decor        view from the room  
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	3	2	2	

<Author>CatamaranCaptains
<Content>FANTASTIC VIEWS Stayed at hotel for four nights from 25th August (two couples), as rooms not ready when we arrived (about 1 pm) we were upgraded to suite. Views fantastic, one side East River, other side Empire State and Chrysler Building. We loved the hotel, bedrooms and bathrooms really spacious with added bonus of lounge and kitchenette. Did not eat at hotel as had breakfast every morning at Johns just up the road. Had cocktails in bar on the last night and wished we had gone there earlier as barman very informative about New York. We would all definitely stay there again, everywhere within walking distance. Ate at Oyster Bar in Grand Central Station which is just up the road and would recommend. We had a great time and wished we could have stayed longer. Moved on to East Hampton for three days and stayed at Getaway House (see separate review) made a relaxing change from New York but we will be back.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SLX83
<Content>Tacky, but decent place.       the windows  
<Date>Sep 15, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>ray73
<Content>Great all around Hotel to stay in NYC Did a lot of research on hotels for our NYC trip and this was not the ideal location we wanted to stay but I have no regrets whatsoever about staying here. Got a king size suit room with a little kitchen (sink, fridge and cabinets) from Priceline under 175.00 could not beleive it as this room was rated at over 300.00 on their site and other hotel search sites. Room:=====Very spacious and comfortable bed with a spectacular view from the 30th floor. The room looked a bit outdated but was very clean and had a lot of space not to consider the price we paid. TV gets some good cable channels.Service:=====Check-in was OK, no problems. The queue lines up a bit weird due to the seating area in the middle as someone else mentioned on a previous review but they were very professional and nice. The Concierge was well informed and very helpful. Suggested a couple of places to eat such as Angelos in little italy and we had prolly the best italian dinner in a while. The overall service was great. Location=======Its only a few blocks (5-7min) walk to Grand central station and across the street from the UN. The area felt safe and there was always security on premises. There are some good choices for dinning out , there was also the Deli up the street, did not eat there but its there if you need something. Try Pinnacle for good bagels and bkfst down between 45th and 47th street. For pizza a block up and to the left try Pizza Rustica. Its about a 20 min walk to times square but its a fun walk as u seem more of the city on foot and its not that far at all, prime location and close to almoseverything on foot. I would stay here again and would recommend it.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>tei1988
<Content>Good stay       Room  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>jerseytraveler44
<Content>Room with a view! We really enjoyed our recent stay at the Millennium. Everyone in the hotel was extremely friendly, from the valet to the front desk. Our room was big with lots of amenities. Some little things like the window shade and the cooling system controls seemed a bit outdated, but they definitely did not detract from what was a very modern, comfortable room. AND THE VIEW! I don't know if this was just luck of the draw but our view was phenomenal. I also have to say, the bed was super-comfortable, something that's very important to me in a hotel! The area was nice, safe, and convenient for our needs.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JJH1
<Content>Good Location, Great View Stayed here twice over the summer months, each time for two days. Hotel has two towers and stayed in each of them. The South Tower is older and the room was nice but it was a smoking room and looked a little tattered and 80's. (I am not a smoker). But it was comfortable and had a great view of the river overlooking the UN building. Nice neigborhood and just a couple of blocks from the subway on Lexington near Grand Central Station. Nice pub around the corner, Keats. Stayed in the North tower on the second stay in a non-smoking room. Much nicer, got a corner room with a spectacular view of the city and the river. I am an outdoor runner in the AM so never tried out the pool or the fitness center. You can find the bike path along the river by going south a few block on 1st Ave and catching the bike path by heading over a block toward the river at the ferry landing (34th st). From there you can run South along the river for miles. Great hotel staff, very friendly welcome and checkout. Skip the expensive bottled water in your room, NYC has the cleanest tap water of virtually any city in the world. Plan to make this my regular NYC business hotel.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>tcuckt
<Content>Great Hotel This hotel was great! The rooms are larger than most NYC hotels, the staff was helpful and courteous, and the location was central to everything. It is located 5 blocks from Grand Central Terminal. I would stay here again!  
<Date>Sep 9, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Journey_on_earth
<Content>Great view but so-so room       Room 3842  
<Date>Sep 8, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>kellyintoronto
<Content>This is not a 4* hotel Let's be serious - while the hotel is fine, it's definitely not a 4*. More along the lines of a mid-range Holiday Inn. I had to travel for a 1-night stay for business at last minute notice and all of the hotels in NYC were showing $600+. While the company was paying, it didn't feel right to pay that much. So I checked on hotwire and found this one for $175 for a superior king with a river view. I was suprised at the size of the room, as I usually stay in rather cramped accomodations at the W on Lexington. However, the B-level cleanliness was immediately obvious. While the bed had sparkling white linens, the couch and chair were a little less so. Not to the point of being offensive, just not perfect. The bathroom was a little small and basic, but fine again. My main gripe was the air conditioning was pretty loud and impacted my sleep. Would I stay here again? Yes, especially if I was paying out of my pocket. Staff was friendly, if a little reluctant to go the extra mile unless pushed.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2007
<Rating>3	5	3	2	3	3	3	3	

<Author>travelkingpin
<Content>well worth the price Since I read other posted reviews prior our stay I knew what to expect since we got our room booking via Hotwire. As promised, we were given one of the West Tower (non-renovated) rooms, but we were given an option to upgrade for an additional $30 dollars per night. Since we only paid $142 per night to start, this would have been a great deal. Having a lack of food in me and not thinking clearly, we decided not to take the upgrade until we came back from lunch, and then they no longer had non-smoking rooms available. Regardless, the room was spacious. A stain on the carpet and a few mildew stains in the tile grout was not a big deal to us; the room size and view made up for it. We would have appreciated an upgraded mattress (it is a little too firm), but being so tired from going all day and staying out late actually made the bed feel more comfortable. The staff was friendly and the hotel is very quiet in the evening (so that is a plus).The convenience to grand central station is a huge plus. There is a delicious place for breakfast on 45th street between 2nd and 3rd avenue (Comfort Diner). Our friends who are residents of NYC took us there; and we ended up going again before we left. There is also a really nice market (Amish Market) on the same street where you can pick up great pre-made foods and desserts.Overall very satisfied with the hotel, but wish we would have opted quick enough for the upgrade.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>charlotteguy
<Content>Nice Place, Super Views I got this hotel for $145 a night via Hotwire.com. The views were amazing. I had a great shot of the Empire State Buidling in the room and a super view of the East River out of the bathroom.Hotwire and Priceline.com people get rooms that have yet to be renovated. So the decor was very '80sish. But the bathroom was spacious and the bed was fine. This is hotel is a short walk to Grand Central. The neighborhood is very quiet at night.Enjoy your stay.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	3	4	-1	-1	

<Author>Evan76
<Content>Great hotel - Amazing view - Unforgetable experience !!!       No, this is not taken from some NYC photobook...Its the actual view from room 3736 :-)  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>jmireland
<Content>Average - JUST average!       Little shabby...  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	2	4	2	

<Author>kbatastini
<Content>great views I thought overall this hotel was pretty good. I would not say it was a 4 star hotel--more like a 3.0-3.5 star hotel. Hotel staff was pleasant upon arrival. We arrived around 12 noon and we were able to get into our room right away. Decor was pretty dated--could use an update on that. However, the view made up for it. We had views of Empire state building, crysler building and manhatten. Nice this was that there was a fridge--although we had to figure out how to lower the temp to make it colder (under sink). Also room was quite spacious, especially for NYC standards. Not a bad walk to some of the main attractions--definately could walk to GCT in 5-10 minutes. Great price from hotwire. Would consider this place again.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	3	4	-1	-1	

<Author>thegoat2002blue
<Content>Rooms are dated but the view is anything but!!       Reception  
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TJFogelberg
<Content>Great Midtown Location we loved it! All the reviews were right, this is a great Midtown Hotel. The views are incredible from both the rooms and the 27th floor pool area. Thestaff were professional but very relaxed and made us feel at home. Our room was immaculate and tastefully furnished in a European moderndecor. The TV had plenty of cable channels available. There was no table (just a desk) or side chairs in the room but we didn't expect this in a NY hotel. We enjoyed the relatively quiet location away from Times Square but very accessible. Walk about 4 blocks to Grand Central Terminal.Bus service was also very accessible. We did not eat in hotel as there plenty of dining establishments in the area. The Plaza deli up the street has a fantastic salad bar and almost anything you could want. Was amazed at the pool and fitness area, unheard of in Manhattan. We used priceline and were assigned to this hotel after selecting a 3 star minimum. Cannot indicate a single disappointment with this property other than the lack of a table and 2 chairs which would have been nice to use for in room dining.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>TennisLakevilleMA
<Content>Loved the Millennium UN Plaza Hotel We were a group of 4 women and we had booked 2 rooms. When we arrived they upgraded us to a suite which was absolutely wonderful. The suite was very spacious and the view from the 32nd floor was breathtaking. We would definetly book this hotel again. We were there for the US Open Tennis and it was very easy to get to the subway. John's Cafe on the corner was a great breakfast place. They also have a tennis court which we wish we had known about. The pool and fitness center were very adequate and the staff was great. The suite had a full kitchen but no coffee maker. That would be the only negative I would say. There is a kiosk right outside that had very good coffee and very reasonable. We had the breakfast buffet one morning in the hotel and it was very good, a bit pricey but good.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>smhasert
<Content>Central location Having to go to Manhatten on business, our corporate booked us at this hotel. At the last minute we had to get an additional night and the staff did a great job. The location and experience of the staff made a traveler new to New York really feel at ease. Though not the most modern, this is by no means a shabby hotel. I'll definately have this on the top of my list to stay at again in the future.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>WashDCMan
<Content>Adequate But Occasionally Irksome Good:Location across street from UN, near Grand Central.Safe neighborhood.Great views of Midtown or the East River.Clean rooms.Fairly quiet area at night--not much traffic and honking.Close enough to walk to restaurants or take the M15 bus up 1st Ave. to even more.Bad:No express checkout, and only two clerks in the mornings.Huge windows and inadequate blinds let in too much light too early in the morning.Thin walls.Weak air conditioning in some rooms.Old-school TV with annoying noisy channel-changer.No mirror outside the bathroom.Bathroom lightswitch is outside the bathroom--no late-night trips without waking your bedmate.Towels not the fluffiest.Section of window in front of couch actually slides open--beware if you have children, who could easily fall out.Conclusion:Clean, safe, adequate, and convenient--but don't expect luxury or attention to detail, and be prepared for some odd quirks. The hotel very much seems to have been designed for budget-conscious foreign diplomats.The Millennium UN is an adequate hotel. I have no horror stories to tell. Yet there were a host of minor annoyances. First was when I tried to lower the massive shade covering the massive window; I merely pulled on it, and the whole contraption fell down. Maintenance had to reinstall it. Could've been a lawsuit, had it hit me on the head and had I been the lititgious sort. It could've really injured an elderly person.I later saw that the smoke alarm was hanging open, sans battery. The maintenance man later replaced the battery and told me smokers often pull it out--despite the fact that the hotel has tons of smoking rooms. He said it's hard to enforce the no-smoking rule in the other rooms. Is it? Other hotels have a note threatening you with a cleaning fee if they detect smoking. Whatever--a nonworking smoke detector in a hotel full of chain-smoking Chinese diplomats is a bit worrisome.Even more worrisome: the sliding panel in the huge window. The panel is right above the back of the couch. It's easily big enough for a child to crawl through and fall to his/her death. What were they thinking?I had stayed in another room of this hotel a couple of weeks before, and its a/c unit was fine. But in this room, the a/c--even on full blast--was piddling. I had the maintenance guy come up; he made an admirable effort, but for naught. I wasn't sweating--and lowering the shade helped a lot during the day--but it wasn't the 68 degrees I prefer in August.I could hear the conversation of the people in the next room from the bathroom--and I could understand every word. Inside the room itself--near the window--I could hear talking, but not loudly.Even the TV was a bit odd. It was an old convex-screen model, and the channel changer made this very annoying thwack sound with every channel change. I know that complaint may sound ridiculously picayune, but believe me--it got old fast.And why is the bathroom lightswitch on the outside--like in Japan? If I make a trip early in the morning, I'd rather keep the light off till I have the door shut so I don't wake my wife. But with the switch on the outside, I can't do that.If you stay here, give yourself extra time to check out, because there will be a crowd, and they only have two front-desk clerks.The Millennium isn't a bad hotel--but it's not a great one. If you can get a good discount and you're prepared for the quirks, it's probably worth it. (Government rate is currently $200/night.)  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	4	4	3	-1	2	

<Author>cheunggo
<Content>Wonderful hotel but watch out for the East and West...       The bed  
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Arthurlosangeles
<Content>Shabby, poor service, and AVOID HOTWIRE The hotel is shabby and out of date. The service is very poor. I booked through Hotwire and spent half a day on the phone with this hotel trying to find my reservation. The hotel could not find my reservation, refused to help me in any way, and suggested that I call Hotwire to ask where it was, even though I gave them all the confirmation numbers they needed. As of 10 pm that night, I was still holding on the phone trying to get my room. I would say, avoid this hotel, and definitely avoid Hotwire. The most disappointing part was being told by several hotel managers that this was my problem, and it was my job to find my reservation with Hotwire. Very disappointing.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dkc312
<Content>Great Views We have just returned from a week at the Un Plaza and we have very few complaints. Yes it is a little bit further out than other hotels we looked at, but not far enough away that you cannot get to anything, A 10 Minute walk gets you to Grand Central Station and from there you can get anywhere you want to go. It is right opposite the UN Building and the area is very safe.We found the staff we came into contact with to be friendly and very helpful, No problems there at all. The room itself was a fairly good size, the bathroom might possibly have benefited from a little modernisation, but it was clean and everything worked ok. The view from the room was fantastic, we were on the 33rd floor overlooking the East River and the Empire State Building, we slept with the curtains open so we could appreciate the view. (One hint: it didn't happen to us, but one of our friends strolled out of the bathroom to come face to face with a guy cleaning the windows, so make sure you have a towel handy!!)We didn't eat in the hotel, so can't comment on the cost or quality of the food, but there were a couple of great Deli's nearby and a very nice Italian only a couple of blocks away. Deli was also handy for buying snacks, water etc to take back to the hotel as the mini bar was very expensive!! ($6 for a small botttle of water when it only cost $1.50 for a larger bottle outside the hotel.) Thru the week there was also a guy selling Coffee, bagels etc from a stand right outside the hotel, so not far to go for morning coffee!We got a good price off the internet and were pleased with what we got for our money. If you are looking for a reasonably priced hotel with decent sized, fairly basic rooms, great views and don't mind walking then this is a good choice.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>ABD119
<Content>Reasonable Finding a reasonably priced accommodation in NY is becoming a challenging task. This one is quite poorly located, and not very well maintained. Our room was renovated last when Kurt Waldheim was Secretary General. Yet, the reasonable price still makes it attractive. Expect a bed, a shower and not much more.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	2	3	3	3	3	

<Author>willsilto
<Content>Great view, Great Place. Fact       My favourite picture taken from the hotel room!  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hlevenst
<Content>View View View! The best of New York - but that's all I stayed with my wife for three nights in a weekend gateway....As other reviews mentioned this 4 star hotel located in midtown east looks outdated, very 1980's....but it worth for the view. No matter city or water view, in both cases you'll have an astonishing, breathtaking view. The rooms are huge but need a remodeling urgently you feel like in 1970's movie....... One of the few hotels in NYC with a pool, what's a plus...... Fantastic service......Though wi-fi in the lobby, very expensive charged Internet in the restaurant if you're not with your laptop....If i would stay again? Depends the rate....with lots of discount booking services throughout web, getting a rate under $ 250 (as i get), yes, i would stay again. Paying more than $ 300, no way!  
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	5	5	1	

<Author>Bentley5
<Content>great if you get remodeled room We got a great deal thru hotwire for the UN Millennium Hotel and stayed 3 nights. When we arrived, the desk clerk mentioned that we could only get certain rooms since we booked thru hotwire. Though, I asked for a high floor, and he did put us on the top floor (40th), so I was happy about that. However, this was NOT a 4 star room at all. It was in tower which has not been remodeled yet. It was a huge room, and had a kitchen with a stove and frige, which was unexpected. It was a very old kitchen though and we had no intention of using it. The floor tile in the bathroom was broken and your foot would catch on it each time you go in. The tub drained so slowly you stood in inches of water to shower. The room smelled strongly of smoke though we asked for nonsmoking. And the worst was the bed- it was so old and hard, and you could feel the springs through the sheet- I truly could not believe it. The next morning I asked for a different room with a newer bed and we were quickly given a room in the other tower that had been remodeled and was 100 times better! What a relief. It was much smaller, but I did not care- it felt clean and new and nice. We were very happy with that room and the views are wonderful. The tempting snacks on the counter are insane prices- $3.50 for a small bag of mms, for example. The staff was wonderful for sure. But, we saw an enormous difference in quality between the 2 rooms, so I strongly suggest requesting a remodeled room if you book here!!  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>makiasjackson
<Content>Fantastic Hotel Having stayed in nyc for our 1st anniversary, I had to really impress my husband after convincing him to stay in nyc again for our 5th anniversary. I did. The room we received in the millenium u.n. plaza was spectacular. We had an uncommon view of the east river, the united nations building and adjoining plaza, and a glimpse of the empire state building. The room was tastefully decorated and the bathroom was fabulous (except for the tiny soap). My only real complaint was the over priced buffet breakfast at $25.50 per person and the exorbitant price of items in the mini bar. We will definitely be staying there again....Loved It.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MoofiIreland
<Content>Irish Travellers Booked this hotel on the basis of location and expected luxurious conditions at over 鈧?00 per night. While the hotel name implies a new hotel, it is anything but!!. At a guess this is a 1970's hotel and while some renovation has been undertaken, some of the fittings look as if they are there since still the 1970. Renovation works underway at reception while the foyer area looked tired and cold. Lifts were old and slow. Room was grubby and needed an entire overhaul. Bathroom probably not touched since 1970.! The 'couch' was stained and would not look out of place in a 1960's student bedsitter. Blanket on bed worn at the edges and torn from age!. Overall, room and bathroom felt more like a hostel accommodation in need of renovation. We were furious that our travel agent recommended this hotel at 鈧?00 per night.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	2	-1	-1	

<Author>recgator
<Content>Great View! I got a great deal on this hotel through Hotwire, which (at least at the time) is the only 4 star hotel located in Midtown East. After I made the reservation, I called the hotel to request a King Non Smoking. No problem, they said. Upon checking in, they didn't seem to have any Kings available, would a Queen be okay? Fine, I said. However, it was still morning and the room wasn't available for check in.We returned to the hotel at 9pm after a long day in Manhattan, to check in. It seems that our room number was changed (who knows why). We would up on the top floor in the corner room, which had a view of the East River, the Empire State, and the Chrysler Building! The windows ran along the entire wall, so we could see everything. The room was good, but the view was incredible. Only downside was that we wanted ice, but seeing as it is a 4 star hotel, it was only available through room service, which we just didn't want to deal with. Other downside: my husband had a cast on his foot, and the hotel is about 4 blocks from the subway. A bit far in that condition, but not bad otherwise.I would definitely stay again if the price was right.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Sangria-yuk
<Content>Fantastic Fantastic hotel. The views from the room were amazing (even thought it was of a city). Nice size room for 2. Only a short walk from Time Sq and Central Perk (ha).Wouldn't return to New York though, thought it was just the same as any other city. If I did, I would stay at the Millenium Plaza again  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>nickiwms
<Content>Worth it!!!       Another view shot.. the windows opened!!  
<Date>Jul 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>tangueradecanada
<Content>Awesome We just returned from a weekend in New York City and stayed at the Millenium UN Plaza. We were totally pleased with the experience. The view was out of this world, the room very spacious and the staff extremely courteous. It is only a short walk from Central Station and located in a safe and pleasant area. We would definitely return to his hotel.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>aaronshotmomma
<Content>Nice to try, may stay somewhere else next time       City view from the 34th Floor  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>andytoner2005
<Content>Excellent Views We stayed at the Millenium UN Plaza for 3 nights and the Views from this hotel are out of this world. The rooms are big for New York standards and are comfortable and clean. The Staff were very helpful esp the door man Robert he couldn't do enough whether it be getting a Taxi from the street or recommending excellent restaurants.Overall I found this hotel nice but the major selling points are the views you get of the Empire state building and the Chrysller building.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dthompsonTx
<Content>Loved It!! I rarely write reviews, but the online reviews is what convinced me to stay at the Millennium in the fist place. So I wanted to add to the list. Our stay was wonderful! Some New York Hotels can be somewhat seedy (not so clean accomodations, small rooms, horrible views, rude staff). The Millennium was NONE of these. The room was spacious, and very clean. It was nicely decorated and very chic. And we had a breathtaking view (35th floor view of the Empire State Building, UN and the East River) and in a nice safe area of downtown. The bed was heavenly-very comfortable. And the staff was very friendly and helpful. Everyone from the front desk staff, to the concierge, to the housekeeping staff, to the doorman, to the foot massage therapist. I also enjoyed use of the business center. There are only 3 minor things I would change: I would make sure there is a little more privacy between computers in the business center; I would move the foot reflexologist into a private room (the massage was excellent, but it was hard to relax with the people passing by going to the gym); and I would book on line through a search engine and earlier. It was very expensive. But in hindsight well worth the peace of mind of having such an enjoyable stay. I'd definitely stay there again and I'd highly recc. to a friend.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Liberty63
<Content>Excellent location, mobile phones don't work inside your room! This is the second time I have stayed at the UN Millennium. It was a pleasant experience. I had great views and a nice bathtub. The only problem is that my cell phone didn't get reception in my room and it would only get reception in certain parts of the room. This made it difficult to contact people. I had to use the normal phone line and that cost me. I'd have rather texted messages on my phone especially to my family and friends overseas in Australia.I bought a prepaid phone card to call overseas but then there was still a hotel connection charge.I was happy overall with my room but really disappointed that I couldn't contact people with my mobile phone! I have a US sim card that works. It does not however, work well when you are on the 27th floor of the hotel!Overall, I would stay there again as the rooms were great, tidy and clean. However, housekeeping does wake you up early about 8.30 am! To avoid this, put a sign outside your door saying you don't want to be disturbed.I always eat at Grand Central. Great soups at the Hearty Soup place and the Oyster Bar isn't bad for Australian Burramundi!Enjoy staying at the UN Millennium. The service is great and the staff are efficient and the pool while a bit small is good for exercising.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	2	

<Author>YoHo
<Content>When the view is the high point.... Not a 4 Star experience! Yes, the views are spectacular, but really, how much time does one spend gazing out the window on vacation? The other plus is the pool, which is small, but well-maintained and has an attendent.Now on to the many negatives- the scent of cigarette smoke pervades much of the hotel. While I didn't smell smoke in my room, I did smell smoke on the floor and other places in the hotel even though it is non-smoking in the common areas. (This I attribute to the bulk of customers being international.)The location is great if you have business at the UN, otherwise forget it. As a woman with an 11 y/o and I didn't feel comfortable walking back after the theatre (past 10:30 PM). The hotel is too far off the tourist path. The closest subway stop is Grand Central at 42nd St., so that is not too convenient either.The worst part was the room- at first glance, quite attractive with furniture in blonde wood, but it was careworn when you looked closely- the carpet was separating in 2 spots, there were dirty spots on the couch and walls, the sink stopper didn't work, the tiles in the bath were dirty/stained. We also had a problem with getting water that was hot enough, the toilet ran intermittantly, one light fixture was falling down and we had no power another night when a breaker malfunctioned. (They did come promptly to fix the light and the breaker, although I did have to call more than once to get the operator to pick up the call.) They are also the first hotel to refuse to put a refrigerator in my room (I need to keep prescription Rx cold.) I used the minibar, but it was a pain.All-in-all, I was very disappointed in the experience. I've paid less for better hotels in the city, e.g., the Inter-Continental, W.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	1	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>Netsmith
<Content>Great View Away from the Hustle Cracking views over the East River and its location a lttle away from the madding crowd but still with good transport links were the highlights. Forget the hotel breakfasts though, part of the fun was eating with the locals in nearby delis and diners.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>4	2	3	4	4	4	4	2	

<Author>cras108er
<Content>Awesome View, Great Location, Facility Upkeep is Average My wife and I stayed at this hotel the weekend of June 16, 2007. The views are nothing short of breathtaking--especially at night. We had a river view. The hotel is located just a three block walk from Grand Central Station and about a 30 minute (lesiurely) walk from Times Square. It is far enough from Times Square to be away from the hustle and bustle, but cose enough to be accessible. You can even take a subway from Grand Central to Times Square if you like.The staff was very friendly. We especially liked one of the doormen, named Eddie. Unlike others, we did not get an upgrade when we arrived. I would think that over a weekend, they were available, but they were not offered. We didn't ask, so we assume part of the responsibility.The lobby looks very elegant with lots of black and emerald green marble. There are also lots of mirrors. The rooms are light and bright with a contemporary feel. We thought they wewren't as clean as they could be. There was hair in the bathtub and the tile showed signs of mildew. It looked like the floor hadn't been mopped. The walls had lots of scuff marks on them. These are little things that we would not expect from a hotel of this caliber. It definitely has 4 star potential, but they need to keep it up. There is a small fitness center and a nice size indoor swimming pool. Both have awesome views. There is also an indoor tennis court.Snacks are in the room and there is a mini bar at the expected exhorbinant (sp) prices. No vending machines in the hotel, but there is a delie two or three doors away from the hotel if you want to purchase snacks. Internet access is available for a fee. I guess I would say that in terms of amenities, I have gotten more for my money at cheaper hotels, but in terms of the facility and the views, this was a good bargain. They just need to pay attention to detail in the cleanliness and upkeep department.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>2	4	5	5	3	4	5	3	

<Author>blubs99
<Content>very large rooms! I stayed 3 nights in June. I visit New york 1-2 times per month on business and try to find nice hotels at reasonable prices; not alwayseasy. This hotel has the largest rooms that I have stayed in, and overall a very good experience. Yes, the elevators are a little slow and the decor is very 80's but the hotel is clean, well maintained and the service is good. Nice comfortable bed, good linens and amenities, and plenty of space to work in the room. An adequate gym but huge indoor pool, a rarity in NY. Yes, like other reviewers, I agree the views are among the best in NY. The location is actually very good, on a very quiet street but a short walk to anywhere in midtown. Awesome Chinese restaurant across the street, and had Harry Belafonte at the next table. Nice little 24 hour deli next door for early morning coffee or late night dessert.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Susette
<Content>Great Hotel       view from suite  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mx5victoria
<Content>Good location, good food, room clean but a bit tired, superlative views! I read reviews here and, as it was our anniversary, I wanted to surprise my husband with views of his favourite NY building (Chrysler) from our window, and so specifically requested a room with such a view. The hotel didn't respond to several emails I sent, asking for confirmation of the 'room with the view', and so I was surprised, on arrival, to be told they'd upgraded us to a suite on the 36th floor, which had stunning views of the river! Oh well, it was much better than a standard room, although it was a pity we didn't get the Chrysler building to look at. The suite was kept pretty clean, though I found some cellophane scraps on the bathroom floor and also some hairs (eeeeuuuww!). The shower (above the bath) was powerful enough, but old-looking and tired, and the grouting between the tiles was stained and old. I wouldn't let my shower room at home get to such a state. But then, I'm super-fussy! I've been in much worse hotel bathrooms, and better ones.The suite had one bedroom (queen size bed), a lounge with plenty of room, a small kitchen, a bathroom and a cloakroom. Big picture windows in both the lounge and the bedroom, but only the lounge one would open - we asked if they could fix the bedroom one (it was seized up), but they spun us some story about it being a Health  Safety issue, yet we could see plenty of other rooms were equipped with opening windows, so we think they just couldn't be bothered to look into it. Also the aircon in the bedroom had a very irritating and noisy rattle, which was loud and intermittent enough to disturb our sleep (that and the rather hard and uncomfortable bed), but again, though we requested for it to be de-rattled, we don't believe they even looked at it, for the grating obviously hadn't been disturbed.The kitchen was completely devoid of pots, pans, dishes and cutlery. Apparently you have to order these from room service (and pay the price + tips!). However, the fridge came in useful for our bottles of water. The mini bar was stocked, and there was an additional tray of goodies left out on the sideboard - very tempting, until we checked and found that these were NOT complimentary, but sold at the same price as the contents of the mini bar! I had to hide it away in a cupboard so as not to be tempted! In fact, the thing we missed the most was a kettle and tea bags etc for the morning! We're used to this complimentary tea/coffee making facilities in the UK - I assumed the absence of such must be normal in the US. When we asked if we could have a kettle and tea bags, all they managed was a filter coffee machine with tea bags (!) and some coffee and sugar. No milk. When we asked again, the restaurant gave us a jugful to take back to our room. No extra charge appeared on the bill. It was an interesting exercise, making tea in a coffee maker!Breakfast was extra, and very good - we chose the full buffet breakfast, which gave us choice of everything. The fruit was particularly good, and the muffins. We also had dinner in the restaurant on two nights, and in the bar on another night. Expensive, but very good. HUGE salads, excellent service, and very accommodating to our slight faddiness.Though we didn't use the leisure facilities, we did have a look in there to grab some more photos of the views from the other tower - and saw what we were missing with the view of the Chrysler building, which was very close and would have been wonderful lit up at night. There were just two people in the pool, and it did look lovely.Every member of staff we spoke to were polite, pleasant and SMILED - even the chamber maids in the corridor. In fact, we found nearly all the New Yorkers we met to be very friendly, smiling and helpful people. If you stand on a street corner with an open map, someone will invariably approach and ask if they can help.The hotel is adjacent to the UN building, next to the East River, and the walk to Grand Central Station is only about half a mile. It was good to get out of the hussle and bustle of the main part of town - it was noticeably quieter in the streets around the hotel.Overall, the hotel was very pleasant and just as good as you'd expect from a large 4 star hotel in the UK - better in some ways, especially the restaurant/bar service, which excellent.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>4	2	3	5	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>LBBoston
<Content>Great digs for the money! What can I say about a large, spotless, modern room with an amazing view? Everything about our stay here over Memorial Day was spectacular. The staff was friendly and helpful (including doormen, concierge, desk staff, even bartenders!) Even the elevators were fast. Our room with a king bed was spotless and very comfortable. We will definitely be back, great location too.  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ratpack48
<Content>Great Location       View from Room 3826  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	3	4	5	4	3	

<Author>hawkesy
<Content>Great Value for Money After reading some of the reviews we were a bit wary, but we were pleasantly surprised, room was clean and smart, as was the bathroom. Although not right in the biz did not take you long to get there as Central Station was only a ten minute walk away connecting you to anywhere you would want to go.As said previously the view from our room was fantastic (38th floor).Would definately recommend this hotel great value for money.  
<Date>May 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>audies
<Content>Fab view Stayed here last summer - good sized room with amazing view, okay location (10 mins to central station), dinner excellent, swimming pool lovely surprise. conceirge helpful, snifffer dogs interesting! Got bumped up to superior room which was a nice surprise.Would stay here again.  
<Date>May 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Mat19
<Content>Excellent Views - Very Nice Hotel!!       Room View - UN Building  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dp123
<Content>Great views, Great Location - bit dated great views, great locations, ok staff, hotel a bit dated but well worth considering. Swiming on the 27th floor was interesting. See if you can get a corner room. Mine looked straight at the crysler tower and the empire state  
<Date>May 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Moomaa
<Content>Once again praise for the views!       The view from our hotel room looking North  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>TallBloke7
<Content>Fabulous View, Enjoyable Stay We were given a room on the 31st floor looking south down First Avenue down towards Lower Manhattan which was absolutely breathtaking. I could lie on my bed and look out the window and see The Empire State Building about 3/4 mile away. Up against the window, you could see The Chrysler Building a couple of blocks away to the right and The UN Building to the left. Magic. The room and the bathroom were of a generous size, bigger than I expected, and were always kept very clean and of a high standard, as was the rest of the hotel. The entrance lobby is impressive, especially lit up at nite. Only complaint is we could have done with a bit more storage space such as a couple of small chest of drawers. The staff were always welcoming and friendly. Room service is very pricey, and probably aimed at the business / diplomat traveller, but there are quite a few eateries / diners a couple of minutes away along Second Avenue. Would certainly stay again, we stayed for 5 nights, it contributed to making the whole holiday very enjoyable. Also, for the price, it was very good value.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>babyblueize314
<Content>Loved the view!!!!!!!!!!!!!       The view from our room:)  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	4	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>lwmosher
<Content>Good but could be better without much effort. This hotel was a fair value for the money, but they could greatly improve the property by paying attention to some minor maintenance and cleaning issues. The mirror on the bathroom door had paint on the edge of it from a careless painter, and it should have been removed and replaced or the paint should have been removed. The base-board tiles in the bathroom appeared to have stains on the tops of many tiles from wallpaper paste residue. The seam between the bathroom floor tiles and the carpeting was rough and uneven. The windows could have been cleaner (the view was fantastic).I would return because I could overlook the shortcomings, but it does not make sense that the management or the owners (hard to tell which) are not taking better care of the property.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>keastclan
<Content>would stay again       view from hotel room  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>ACP_traveler
<Content>Very little amenities, but great for the health club We stayed at the Millenium U.N. Plaza during the Easter weekend. This hotel has a very uneven quality.The hotel is located off the beaten path, which is a good and a bad thing. The Grand Central subway station is a good 20 minutes walk away. It's located very near the United Nations of course, and there are numerous U.N. foreign missions or consulates in the area. It's a very secure and quiet area, not very commercial either.The service from the staff is excellent, but I found the cleaning service a bit lazy in the corners...Tip: If you come by car, don't use the valet service at $45 a day, but park on 45th street, there is an appartment building with parking spaces for $32.95 per day.The amenities in the rooms are somewhat nonexistant: no bathrobe, no slippers, no razor or toothbrushes, only tiny soapbars and microscopic shampoo bottles. The TV set was very old, early-nineties looking. Disapointing.The mattress was also uncomfortable and the bedsheets did not include a contour sheet (with the elastic fit), which I found very surprising. We kept trying not to end up directly sleeping on the mattress surface...The best features of this hotel are the view (Northeast, East and SouthEast, depending on the room) and the health club, which comprises a sauna and a pool with a panoramic view towards the East (Queens, Brooklyn) and the South (Midtown and downtown Manhattan). Hope this review helps you. This is a good hotel, but it has a few weaknesses that are quite surprising, considering the advertising image.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>3	4	2	4	2	4	3	3	

<Author>DRobertLA
<Content>Huge Disappointment It all depends on your standards. If you're comparing it to an EconoLodge, this hotel is okay. Not great, even by that standard, but okay. By the standards of a Four Seasons, however, or even your basic Marriott, it's awful. It didn't bother my wife, daughter and me that it was somewhat out of the way, or even that the first 20 or so floors are occupied by offices of UN staffers who smoke like chimneys, which meant the elevators were foul and unbreathable, but the room had stained linens, the sofa was so grubby my wife and daughter wouldn't sit on it, the carpet had a hole all the way through to the cement floor, a light bulb was hanging from a broken fixture in the ceiling, the air conditioning didn't work at all (the repairman was pleasant, however), and the service was indifferent to surly. I could hardly believe the place; it was as if we were on some kind of Candid Camera joke. On the other hand, the view (through the dirty, scratched windows) was good. But we moved out ASAP, and demanded (and got) a 50% refund for the time we were there. I cannot imagine staying at this place again.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	2	2	-1	

<Author>Maeboyce
<Content>Sipping wine watching New York Skyline - absolutely surreal - like a movie set We stayed here from 23 March for six nights - 35 floor of East Tower. Two tips - if you plan to use the pool (which is lovely) ask Reception to provide bath robes for your stay and you can nip to the pool using these - we did and lots of people were asking us how we got them. Also, ask for more than one towel when you check into the pool as they are so small - we girls need one for our hair and one for our toes!!The hotel itself felt very safe for two girls travelling together - we did use the restaurant - twice for the buffet breakfast, which was brillian - expensive but we ate so much we didnt need to eat again till night time, and once for dinner and it was very good. Ask the concierge to provide coffee making facilities - we did and they gave us a nice pot and filter coffee each morning. Put the tray outside the door as room service do not remove it - you will not be charged for this.Really recommend Ellen's Diner up at Times Square for something to eat - the waiting staff sing all through your meal and they are all really good - great atmosphere and not too dear - good night out.Yes, you are a bit out of the way, but we met people who were staying at the theatre district who could not sleep for the noise during the night - whereas we came home, had a glass of wine and soaked up the views over the East River and Empire State Building - just as well we were on the 35th floor cos we didnt close the blinds once during our stay as we did not want to miss a minute. Go to this hotel - I honestly do not think you will regret it.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>CoCoSandy
<Content>Fine hotel, a l ittle out of the way This is the ultimate way to see NYC at a reasonable price. We got a good rate for a very nice hotel. The room was lovely. Beautiful view of the river. Gorgeous. The room was fine. There were amenities we didn't have time to take advantage of, but the lobby was lovely, conceirge quite helpful. My only qualm about this hotel is that if you are a subway person (as opposed to a cab person), it's a few blocks to Grand Central Station. If you want ultimate convenience, that's not what this offers, but at the same time, it's just a few blocks. Not a big deal and totally worth it. The staff were friendly and helpful, let us check in early, no problem. It was great.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>m444
<Content>Disappointing I'm afraid. We stayed at the UN Millenium Plaza for four nights from 22 March. Although the hotel public areas are very nice and, as other reviews have stated, the views from the rooms are wonderful (we were on the 36th floor) the let down was the room itself.For what is supposed to be a 5 star hotel, the bedroom was very basic without even tea/coffee making facilities and the bathroom was even worse. The bathroom needed a good clean and certainly a redecoration and updating of the facilities. Whilst I would have preferred to stay somewhere more central, I realise that others would like the fact that the hotel is some distance from such attractions as Times Square.For me, the hotel is good just as a place to sleep and is not the 5 star property it is advertised as and I'm afraid I was disappointed.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>MissMonkey'sMom
<Content>Fabulous Pool and Views; A Great Stay We stayed at this hotel at the end of March after reading a lot of the reviews on this site. We had a great stay; I think one's happiness with this hotel depends a lot on what you're looking for. So, here are the outstanding features which, if important to you, will make you love this hotel. First, the POOL. If you have kids who enjoy a hotel pool, or need to get your daily swim in, stay here. I thoroughly researched pools in Manhattan hotels before our trip. There are a total of seven pools in all of Manhattan's hotels and except for this one, they ALL close by 7:30 or 8 pm, and may even require lap swimming (no pool play) and swim caps. The Millenium pool, however, is open until 10 pm. The water is warm, the view of the skyline and river breathtaking, and the shower/locker room facilities extremely nice. Your kids (or you) can splash around or use your own pool toys with no restrictions, and there are nice lounge chairs all around the pool for watching. They provide towels too! Next - the quiet! Yes, it's true the hotel isn't in midtown but that's a plus; it's so nice to be able to leave the hotel and walk along the river and hear something besides honking horns. I was so grateful to not have to hear New York around the clock. People have already written about the stupendous views and the very spacious rooms. We stayed in the East Tower, which has been remodeled, and although the rooms are simple they are huge and comfortable, with a well stocked mini-bar. And, the staff were exceptionally courteous. The few things that are less than perfect: unfortunately they don't have in room coffee, but since I knew that ahead of time I brought a small Mr. Coffee pot and some coffee and just made our own. Next: parking. Always a problem in New York. However, the hotel is on 44th, and right around the corner on 45th, a two minute walk, is a garage where we left the car. This also saves you a lengthy wait to get your car if you use the hotel's valet parking. We found the hotel to be really lovely in all respects, especially since having a pool for kids to play in was high on our list of must have's. So if a pool, a view, peace and quiet, a helpful staff, and a room big enough to really move around in are what makes your hotel stays worth it, you absolutely won't be disappointed by staying here.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>IANTOJONES
<Content>Fantastic View but let down by the bathroom.... I had mixed feelings about this hotel - there were positives and negatives.Firstly, the view was amazing. We had a room on the 28th floor in the East Tower. This meant that we have a great view over the East River but also the Chrysler and Empire State Buildings! This was a highlight in itself.The most positive aspect was the size of the room. It was pretty big. So many hotels in NYC have the tiniest rooms, but this was a really good size.The room was basic but perfectly adequate. One of the beds was pretty bad and rocked constantly, but it was my choice not too bother reporting this to reception.The biggest let down was the bathroom. Quite frankly it was disgusting. The room needed a really good deep clean. It stunk of cigarette smoke, the skirting boards were black with grime, there were no end of hairs that did not belong to us appearing, the shower was poor and the general hygiene was very poor. The bathroom also looked as though it had not been included when the room was renovated.Apart from the bathroom, I was generally happy with the hotel. We did not eat there as the prices were ridiculous even for NYC!The reception staff were great and extended our check out until 3pm which really made a difference on the last day.To sum up, I would go back, but only if I got a really, really good deal.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>3	5	3	4	2	5	4	-1	

<Author>bluysky
<Content>Recommended - We stayed in the Millennium UN Plaza Hotel at the end of February and highly recommend it. The room was big and clean and as everyone says - great views of the Chrysler building and the Empire State. If you've not been to New York yo might think it's a really big city and this hotel is too far out but it's not at all. You can walk to Times Square from here....but with a metro card it's even easier! $28(?) will get you 7days travel on all the subway's and buses and from the hotel it's only a short walk to Grand Central where you can get the shuttle to times square or join a number of different subway lines depending on what you're doing that day. There are shops and deli's near the hotel which are above average - expected maybe when you consider the business the UN brings in. There are restaurants in easy walking distance and a variety of food to choose from. There are less people about at night because it's more of a business area, but it was never empty and there was always traffic going past so I was necver worried.Can highly recommend the Confort Diner on 45th(?) - great for breakfast but it does get very busy at weekends so if you time it wrong, expect to queue!  
<Date>Mar 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lancashire
<Content>Absolutely brilliant We stayed in the UN Plaza Hotel in early January, we had a two bed suite for family of five adults. The lounge was large, plenty of room to hold a roll out bed. The suite had a kitchen, which was really handy, the staff provided pots/pans/plates/ cutlery. The female receptionstaff were friendly and helpful, as was the concerierge. The pool/gym/sauna was nearly always quiet, it was also clean and provided toiletries etc. The view from the room was sensational, we could see over Manhatton and over the river. It looked as if some building work down by the river may impact on the river view, if they build a high rise. We liked the little 24hour shop just up from the hotel for take away coffee and cakes, we also got good fruit and food from the stalls under the Grand Central Station. We noticed a lot of security round the front of the hotel, including some kind of security dogs.We were really lucky with the weather, it was a record high during our stay, five nights was nowhere near enough time to do all the things we wanted, but we had a fantastic time and would recommend the hotel for the views and the pool, and nice staff.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Miss_Andrea
<Content>Great Views! I stayed at the Millennium UN Plaza as I was in NY to do the marathon. I have very little to complain about with regards to the hotel - the room I stayed in was great! The beds were very comfortable and the view was amazing. I was lucky enough to have a room which was on the corner of the hotel so I had more windows. The only complaint I have is that the hotel was a little cold. Especially after running 26 miles, I was looking forward to a nice hot bath but jumped in and got the fright of my life - the water was freezing! However, putting this aside, I thought the hotel and the staff were very friendly and accommodating. Also, great location!  
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Ravenshead
<Content>Excellent, in the end! First room we were given had great views Chrysler building  Empire state, but the room was shabby, huge but shabby. Sheets had little holes in them and the room smelt of cooking, probably because of the little kitchen that was in there, good idea but the cooker looked like it came off the Titanic. Final straw was that the shower didn't work. They moved us within 2 hours to another room slightly smaller, no kitchen, good who cooks on holiday!. The view was even better, Empire state and Chrysler and a view up the East river. Edward  Kenzo the conciergeare very helpful, ask them anything. Staff are very friendly. Beds are very comfy.Try Johns at the end of the road for breakfast we went every day for five days and the staff soon recognise you and are very friendly. Chinese restaurant opposite is good and friendly. Deans on 2nd Ave is good too. The Ambassador Grill in the hotel is slighty expensive ,but very good the NY steak was excellent and try the prawn and crab starter. We had a brilliant holiday, we took our 7 year old and it is very child friendly  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	-1	5	3	5	5	3	

<Author>jemfor
<Content>Worried at first, needn't have been, would go again!       My night-time view.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>maisymeg
<Content>Great stay! We took the Airport Express Coach from Newark ($23pp return) to Grand Central Station which is the 3rd stop in Manhattan. From there it's only a 10 minute walk to the hotel which is situated on E44th Street between 1st and 2nd Avenues. The reception area is very plush and clean with very helpful concierge and reception staff. There are 2 towers - east and west. We had a room on the 31st floor of the west tower. The room was clean, with neutral decoration and a good size with large bed, minibar (v.expensive!), TV, air con/heating, a small table and chairs and a great view of the Empire State and Chrysler Buildings from the window with floor to ceiling glass. The bathroom was clean but could have done with modernisation.The hotel has an amazing swimming pool on the 27th floor of the east tower which has floor to ceiling windows with views over the East River and Manhattan. There are also saunas, a massage area and a well equipped gym. The towels provided are so small though - like hand towels! There are tennis courts on the 30th floor which you book and pay extra for. There is a restaurant and room service in the hotel, but we did not have either as we were out day and night! A great place for breakfast (as mentioned in lots of reviews) is Johns. We paid $20 for 2 hot breakfasts with toast, jam and unlimited coffee including a tip which set us up for the day's walking.The nearest subway at Grand Central takes you to the Brooklyn Bridge and Ground Zero area. On the subway and buses you can either buy $2 one journey tickets or a day fun pass for $7. We got a bus on 2nd Avenue to South Ferry to get on the Staten Island Ferry (free) to see the Statue of Liberty. Within walking distance of the hotel are Times Square, Central Park, 5th Avenue shops, Rockefeller Centre, Empire State Building and the New York City Library.I would definitely stay here again as it was comforable, clean, a great location and the staff made you feel welcome.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>Mr&MrsHWales
<Content>The Best Week Ever A truly unforgettable stay, hotel clean, warm and friendly.Staff - Robert outstanding.Ideally located for Grand Central Station. Visit John's for breakfast absolutely brilliant - cheap, fast and friendly.We had the best week ever, and the Millenium Plaza helped make it truly unforgettable.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Siam-Orchids
<Content>good hotel/good location Good deal on the room rate, great view, nice room, no complaints. We felt very safe there, good security. Near the UN, so it has a very international clientele. We would stay there again on our next visit to NY.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jinxed_buddy
<Content>Fantastic Hotel! After reading some of the reviews on here we were a little concerned about what the hotel was going to be like. But we were more than pleased with it. Really good location, absolutely amazing views of Manhattan, and the room was very comfortable and big. Ordinarily it would've been very expensive, but with a good deal this hotel was more than easily worth it.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PinkyandtheBrainTour
<Content>Great Hotel       East Tower from street level - our room was above the slope  
<Date>Jan 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ktbmore
<Content>Wonderful hotel We got this hotel on Hotwire.com for $155 night. It was the only 4 star available at that rate, so we jumped on it. Obviously, January in NYC isn't prime vacation time, but we certainly felt like we got a great deal.Valet parking the car was easy and the doormen/reception were friendly and very efficient. Valet parking is $42/day 鈥?I'm sure that you could find a little cheaper rate if you drove around, but we were ready to be out of the car.Check-in was straightforward.The room was HUGE, by NYC standards. To be frank, it might be the largest hotel room we've ever stayed in. We had a king sized bed, a sitting area with sofa and two end chairs and the best view I've ever had of the NY skyline. The Empire State building and the Chrysler building were directly in front of the window! The television was older, but who cares.The 27th floor on the East wing has a lovely gym/massage/pool area. The pool's view is worth a million bucks.My husband and I are walkers (regularly log 7+ miles a day walking around the city) so the location was fine with us. It's not a terribly residential part of the city, so the streets were quieter at night. However, noting in Manhattan is more than about a five minute walk and that distance either south or west opened up more dining/entertainment possibilities.If you're a midtown/theatre visitor and don't love to walk, I'd probably recommend against this hotel. If it were any further east, you'd be in the East River.I will definitely try to get this hotel again. Average room rates seem to hover around $300, so we were so fortunate to get it for $155.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MrMash
<Content>Great rooms, good value, in need of a little updating Despite the fact that the hotel feels a little run down in places (for instance, there were huge dents in the elevator door and the TV's are from the 1970's) this hotel has three gigantic benefits. 1) Rooms are huge. Anyone who has spent time in NYC knows and appreciates the luxury of a big room and a big bathroom. You can't underestimate this aspect of the hotel.2) Price was very reasonable. Traveling in NYC in December can be very expensive, even terrible hotels were over $400/night. We used Hotwire and locked in a very reasonable rate. 3) View was impressive. This is covered in many other posts. Yes, it's a bit of a hike but I like walking around Manhattan. I would absolutely stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	3	-1	3	

<Author>LifeTraveller07
<Content>Decent hotel but disappointing! The staff were very nice and the hotel was clean, but hardly a 4 star hotel, as it claimed. Its a decent 3-star. Fabulous views from most rooms, but the corner 2-window rooms are very hard to come by. We changed rooms 3-4 times and while all the views were nice, there were no 2-window rooms like the one on their website. Also, the hotel is notable walking distance from the nearest subway and major NY attractions. Bring your walking shoes!  
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	2	3	5	4	3	

<Author>flyingpiano
<Content>Awesome View!!!!       View at Night  
<Date>Jan 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>janey_12
<Content>Excellent Place to Stay With Kids I stayed at the Millenim Plaza with my two kids (2y.o  6 y.o). Our room was big ( by NY standards) clean, with a big comfortable king size bed and they provided a rollaway bed as a part of the price. Our room had a great view of the Empire State Building and Manhattan. The Hotel is located in a very safe  clean area of NY. THe UN is accross the road and there is security everywhere, so it is very safe to walk around this area at night. Were were very close to some wonderful diners, restaurants and supermarkets, The Amish Market a few blocks west was excellent for purchasing groceries to make lunch for the kids. We were only a few blocks from the main attractions and we used to walk to Grand Central Station to catch the subway which was a couple of blocks away. if it all got too hard a cab from Grand Central Station ( and the Subway) was around $6 (inc Tip). The staff were always very freindly and courteous, and didn't expect a tip for any questions asked.It was nice to tip and have the staff be very appreciative and not annoyed because it wasn't enough. For a reasonable price away from the tourist trap areas, this hotel is definatley worth a look. I have recommeded this hotel to all my friends and will definately stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>sfjonathan
<Content>Great       View from room  
<Date>Jan 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>BroadwayBuff
<Content>I wouldn't recommend for its location. My review was for my stay on Dec 26-Dec 28, 2006. I was pleasantly surprised after I've read the terrible reviews here. I got the hotel through Priceline.I usually come to NY for Broadway shows. I've stayed in at least 30 different hotels in NY which I've gotten through Priceline. THE POSITIVES: Nice room (a person who checked in before asked for a high floor) with a view, express elevators, amenities include lotion (a rarity) and shower cap (a rarity), a bath tub plug (don't see that often), one of the few hotels which give you the option to keep your used towels for environmental and conservation reasons, a free NY guidebook (but I called the front desk to make sure I can take it without penalty), a mini-bar with the usual overpriced stuff (if you go for that).THE NEGATIVES: I'm one of those people who stay within the Broadway area so I like to keep going back to the hotel to rest in between shows and meals. It's quite a walk. You have to take the Shuttle from Grand Central to Time Square and even with that, it's quite an inconvenient walk in the Subway and outside. Maybe the peak crowding of NY and the fact that I'm slightly under the weather affected my walking prowess.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Novotna
<Content>Great price for a spacious room I had long ago booked a trip to New York City for December 25-30 and had made a tentative reservation at the Newton Hotel on the Upper West Side. However, in November I received a special promotional email from Hotwire offering a $179/night rate at the UN Millennium Plaza. After feeling some trepidation because of a few negative reviews on TripAdvisor, I went ahead and changed to the Millennium. I have to say that my partner and I were delighted with our stay. Unlike the reviewer on December 30, we had a very easy time checking in, perhaps because it was on Christmas Day, and we were given a king superior room on the top floor (38th). The room was huge with fabulous north-facing views of the city. Furnishings were plain but stylish in the Scandinavian style, the bathroom was large, and we actually had a walk-in closet. The staff was very friendly and seemed eager to please. The location, while somewhat off the beaten track, turned out to be the perfect antidote to the horrific crowds in New York between Christmas and New Year's...so the hotel was a blessed refuge from the tumult on the streets. It's also only a couple of blocks from Grand Central Station, so one can easily hop on one of the several subway lines that converge there. In fact, I took the new rail link from Grand Central to JFK airport on my return, and it was remarkably easy (and a bargain at $7). All in all, we definitely would return to the Millennium if offered a similar rate.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	2	

<Author>tedgale
<Content>Solid value at this quiet hotel We stayed 5 nights, starting December 22, 2006. Something of a tradition with us -- indeed, our first stay here was New Year's, 1983. The old place shows a bit of wear in the corridors. But our corner room (40 feet of windows overlooking the East River and midtown) was nicely renovated, as was the bathroom. We make few demands on room service, concierges and so on. So we have few comments on service -- except that it was perfectly affable and professional, whenever we dealt with staff.The location is a great one, in my opinion: that part of the east side is quiet, neighbourly, unhurried, yet so close to the best shopping (and the subway).The dodgiest bit was the Christmas clientele: mid-western fleece-wearers; also UK plebs and their nasty teenage offspring. But this may be a seasonal aberration. My spouse will advise: next trip to UN and this hotel is scheduled for Jan. 23, 2007........  
<Date>Jan 1, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>LAcitizen
<Content>Excellent ! I stayed on dec 24th and the room # is 4040, which is the topmost and cornered one. The view was great great great, and bathroom was large large large. I cannot say luxurious interior but they manage them well enough. Service was good, too. Definitely, thumb up!  
<Date>Dec 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>limacnovember
<Content>Best Night Ever!!!!!          Amazing View 1  
<Date>Dec 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Aonghas
<Content>The views were great! We stayed at the UN plaza ( floor 36, west tower) for 8 nights and the views of the Chrysler, Empire State, MetLife, Rockafeller, UN and Trump Tower buildings were breathtaking and made our holiday unforgetable. If you used the swimming pool or tennis court on the top floor of the east tower the river views were also superb. We have friends who stayed at the Waldorf Astoria and they had a view of some ugly AC machinery! The UN Plaza starts on the 30th+ floor so great views are almost guaranteed. We had a large comfortable silent room and the bed was extremely comfortable. The fittings, however, were a bit on the tired side but housekeeping provided us with immaculate service. We were often happy to walk, although taxis were inexpensive by UK standards, and visited Times Square and Grand Central Terminal frequently and walking helped us to get a real feel for Manhattan.The three day pass for the sightseeing hop on/off bus tour is a good way to get about when you arrive but we quickly got tired of hearing the same commentary and used the Underground regularly - easy, quick and cheap and again a good way to feel and smell the atmosphere of New York. The locals were unfailingly friendly and helpful and our holiday was one of the best we've enjoyed.The only time we felt ripped off was when we took an expensive carriage ride in Central Park and our favourite excursion was a trip up the Top of the Rock, in a glass elevator, at dusk to see yet more stunning views. Best shopping is undoubtedly Macys.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>BradyFan
<Content>Great Experience! We booked this hotel on Priceline one day before going to New York and weren't sure what to expect. We had read the reviews on this site and were a little worried about the location of the hotel, as well as the rooms. All for nought!! From the moment we entered the building (at 10:30 a.m.), we loved the place. Check in was not until later in the day but our room was ready and we got in immediately! Let's talk about the rooms - very cool and contemporary! We loved the furniture, the color scheme and we had a spectacular view of the river and the entire skyline - including the Empire State Building. The bed was also one of the comfiest I have slept in at a hotel.I did not see/have any of the issues described in the negative reviews, and would stay there again when we go back to New York. No, it is not in Times Square, but it is a 4 block walk to Grand Central and not far to Times Square, so don't let the location stop you! The concierge, Edward, is also wonderful!  
<Date>Dec 10, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>pinkies
<Content>First visit to NY, NY - A great hotel! First visit to the Big Apple! Wanted a hotel with style and good position. We got both and more. Wonderful welcoming staff, and asked and received corner room with spellbinding views of NYC and river. Who could could ask for anything more? Elevators were prompt, staff vey hepful and rooms were clean and comfortable. Why woul you want to stay anywhere else? Will definately visit again!  
<Date>Dec 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>M.Remi
<Content>Good Value for NYC As we had never visited the UN before, we chose the UN location for this hotel. However, it was 3 or 4 blocks to Grand Central, the closest subway stop. In general, it was an above average hotel for the price in NYC-a big room with two luxurious beds, a walk-in closet and a big bathroom. However, as we were told we had an renovated 'superior' room, the tub needed re-doing, black scuff marks on the walls and the window could not be easily opened (for dramatic photos). The 27th story pool and sauna were a nice plus. Staff very accomodating and helpful.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Cinraeoh
<Content>Not very good. I stayed here while traveling on business and I am very glad I wasn't paying my own money for it. The elevators were under construction and VERY slow. There was no wireless access in the entire hotel. A fellow colleague I was traveling with got a room I wouldn't let my pet stay in (which they eventually moved him the next day). The restaurant was very pricey and not that good.For the money, there are many other hotels in NYC that are much better. I would really hesitate before staying here again.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	4	2	2	3	1	

<Author>lnw
<Content>YIKES!!!! Beware of mold, mildew, filth and creepy staff!!! Don't be fooled into staying at this hotel! I can't believe others reviewing this hotel were staying at the same place! Even though I requested a refurbished room and was assured that's what I got, I was horrified! This hotel was my worst experience ever in NYC. From the RUDE staff (wouldn't allow me to talk to a manager when my paid-for room wasn't available and I had to take what was left over since the hotel, and all others, were booked due to the NYC marathon) to an on-site restaurant that wouldn't allow me the use of a fork (have to use room service for that since they MUST CHARGE hotel guests for the use of a FORK ) to eat my take-out dessert with! GEEZ. How hard up are they for income if they have to charge for the loan of a FORK??? The room was filthy, mold in the shower and all corners of the bathroom. Had to have it de-mildewed before entering. Even the cleaning staff cringed. Oh, and if you enjoy waking up at 4 in the morning to the sounds of a jackhammer, this place is for you. From the first moment we entered the hotel to our exit, this experience was without question the nightmare of all nightmares. I was grossly overcharged ($350.00/night) for this highly overrated dump!  
<Date>Nov 7, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>Gav55
<Content>Great place to stay Stayed there with my wife for our Silver Wedding anniversary. We booked through a travel agent in the UK. It was superb. We stayed on the 39th floor and had an awesome view of the UN and East River. The staff were very friendly and although the decor was obviously old it was clean. We were originally booked into the Wellington off Broadway but changed due to bad reviews. We are glad we did. If ever we get the opprtunity we will stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>soj0urner
<Content>Too high a price for a good view The hotel room had a superb view. My room was on the 29th floor and I had the view of the empire states building, the chrysler building, the UN and all the way across midtown. The view from the swimming pool was particularly spectacular. Other than the view, the hotel was only ok. I'd expected better for the kind of price we paid. The elevators were old and stopped working when one of the members in my group was in one. The water pressure in the bathroom could do better. The safe in the room frequently needed a change in battery (2 of the members in my group had to call the front office). The breakfast selection wasn't great at $30. The internet kiosks at the 'business center' (just 2 computers set up) charged 50cents per minute! but the broadband in the room was only $9 per 24hrs.It's a good hotel to stay if you have business in the UN or nearer government buildings. But seriously, I could probably stay in another hotel of the same standard at a cheaper price.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>3	2	5	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>iloveholidaylots
<Content>Lovely room, great view but shame about the bathroom My husband and I stayed here for one night and paid 拢130 via a travel agent in the UK. The hotel is in a good location for shopping and sightseeing and the rooms start on the 28th floor so you are almost guarenteed a good view. We were on the 32nd floor and in the evening the view was amazing. The room was really spacious and had a very big comfy bed. The main thing that let this hotel down was the bathroom. The shower was an attachment to the bath and was basically a hosepipe and the other fixtures looked tired and worn out. If you ignore the bathroom then the rest of the room and hotel was great.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	3	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>loopyloo99
<Content>Millennium UN PLaza Hotel - Great Place to stay In NY We stayed at this hotel mid August for 4 nights and we were very happy with the location, standard of cleanliness in the room and the best part was the panoramic views of New York from the room! Outstanding!We would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>RitaSexton
<Content>What A View!       View from hotel room  
<Date>Aug 24, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JB66
<Content>Fabulous! We flew to New York on 10th August, so got caught up in the security threat circus, which meant we were really late and very tired when we arrived. The reception staff couldn't have been friendlier or more helpful, and when we got to our room on 34th floor the incredible view (East River, 1st Avenue, Empire State and Chrysler Building) took away all the stresses of the day. It was fantastic - I couldn't get enough of that view. The room was spacious with 2 Queen size beds - arguably the most comfortable bed I've ever slept in. It wasn't perfect, but for what we paid it was great - plenty of room, and really clean. All the staff we encountered were really helpful and friendly. The only minor niggle was lack of mirror in the bedroom, which was a bit of a pain for 2 women wanting to get ready at the same time!Location wise it's ideal - a 20 minute walk gets you to Times Square, and it's nice to be away from the noise and hustle. John's Diner, a 2 minute walk up 44th Street, does a good breakfast, and there are plenty of other shops nearby.Do: buy a New York City pass - saves money and time for getting into attractions; try the Circle Line Harbour Lights cruise in the evening; Liberty Helicopters - not cheap but well worth it; see Wicked at the Gershwin Theatre - it'll blow you away; spend time in Central Park; go to the Metropolitan Museum of Art and have a drink on the roof garden, for fab views of Central Park. And if you've never been to New York before, invest in a good guide book (I used the Brit's Guide and the Eyewitness Guide) - it saves a lot of time if you already know what/where you want to see and do.We both loved New York and can't wait to get back! It's an amazing place and will stay in my heart forever. And I'd quite happily go back to the same hotel.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Wiseguy1
<Content>99% of this hotel is absolutely Outstanding (warning: long review) My family and I stayed at the Millenium UN Plaza for one night in early July.First I'll start off with the 1% negative aspect of the hotel: the elevators. These elevators SUCK. They are SO SLOOOWWW!!! My goodness. In the West Tower, one of the three elevators was working on the first day (two were working the next, the middle elevator were out of service long-term for rehabilitation). When you have one elevator serving 40 floors, that's a recipe for disaster. I saw a man who was just rescued from the service elevator next to the main elevators after being stuck in it! After seeing this I prayed to God that my family and I would have a room in the East Tower. Sure enough, to my relief, we were given a room in the East Tower on the 33rd floor. The East Tower had four elevators, with the one farthest on the right being out of service long term for rehabilitation. But the problems continued. I had just missed the middle-right elevator next to the out-of-service one. I waited for several minutes for the next one, which annoyed me. However, when we reached our floor (33rd), we learned that the people in the elevator we just missed were stuck inside! Had we arrived a split-second earlier we would've not missed that elevator and we would've been stuck too. Scary! That elevator was taken out of service, so the only working ones were the two on the left. Two elevators serving 40 floors=Very long waits (5 minutes+) for us during the rest of our stay. I only used the elevator once more. All the elevators in the hotel are currently undergoing a long-term rehabilitation project, so expect wait times to be long until it is complete.Now that that's out of the way, I'll move on to the other 99% of the hotel, all of which was amazing.We drove up from DC to the hotel to check in for one night (I was staying for one night because I had to catch a plane the next day, the rest of my family stayed another night). It started raining just as we pulled up to the hotel. The entrance was hard to find; we were driving up 1st Avenue but it turns out the entrance to the hotel is on 44th St, which is a one way street east only, so we had to go west on 45th St, south on 2nd Av, and then east on 44th (three left turns). Next time, if we are coming from the south again, we will go up 3rd Av instead of 1st (a good tip to remember). The hotel's location on 44th St between 1st and 2nd Avs is actually quite convenient, believe it or not. The nearest subway station is Grand Central-42nd St, two and a half long blocks west and two short blocks south, where you can catch the Metro-North commuter railroad to Westchester County and Connecticut, the Shuttle S train to Times Square, the 7 train to Queens and Times Square, and the 4/5/6 trains up Lexington Av or down Park Av. It's actually not too long of a walk, 10 minutes at the most. Plus, you get to walk through a quiet, charming, peaceful residential neighborhood. A couple of bus routes run right by the hotel as well, so transportation is not a problem. I liked the fact that there was no street noise in the hotel room, due to its location in a quiet neighborhood.We got out of the car and a friendly gentleman ran into the rain and grabbed all our heavy bags. He was very strong. Check in was about the average wait time; not too long, but by no means short. All the staff we encountered on our trip were very kind and friendly, especially to my brother, who has a mental disorder.After the elevator adventure to the 33rd floor, my brother and I entered our room and our jaws dropped the moment we opened the door.The room was spotless, nicely decorated, and it was HUGE by New York standards! This is also the case at the other Millenium hotel in New York (the Millenium Broadway Hotel on 44th St between 6th Av and Broadway, right off Times Square, also a fabulous hotel). I plopped down on the quite comfortable bed. The bathroom was average sized. The only complaint about the room was the shower: It had a portable showerhead that you had to hold in your hand, kind of inconvenient when you are trying to rub your body with soap! Other than that, the room was perfect.But the highlight of the Millenium UN Plaza is without question, far-and-away the VIEW!If I could rate the view from my hotel room on the 33rd floor on a scale of 1 to 10, I'd give it a FIVE HUNDRED MILLION. You get the idea. Our room looked straight down 1st Av, looking south. Turn your head an inch to the right and you're looking across the East River into Brooklyn. The view was so amazing and clear, we could see the Brooklyn Bridge, which is many miles south from the hotel. Turn your head an inch to the right, and you're looking at the entire Manhattan skyline below 44th St. Looking at the Empire State Building lit up at night (can't remember the color) and the Chrysler Building in one picture without having to turn my head was breathtaking. Watching the 4th of July weekend fireworks over the East River was mind-boggling. I only wish I had my camera! Silly me.I did not eat at the hotel restaurant, but I ate breakfast instead at a little place nearby (I can't remember the name, but it might be John's). Very good eggs and corned beef hash!I am sorry this review was so long but everything in it has to be said. I had a fantastic time. I would stay there again for sure...AFTER the elevator rehabilitation project is complete.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>mikeblackburn
<Content>Pricey for what it was We arrived at the Millenium UN plaza after a long journey from Glasgow in Scotland and had 2 cancelled flights. We were looking forward to a swim and some nice food when we arrived. It was quite late when we arrived and the airline had lost our luggage so we asked for some tooth brushes and toothpaste but just received combes. That was a little dissapointing for a $400 a night hotel. We enquired about breakfast iun the morning and found out it was $17 a head per helping of food. WOW!. The hotel is sourrounded by nice little cafes which are much better valur than the hotel and the food is better. The room service was $75 dollas for 3 standard meals and of them were just starters and they didnt come as it said they would pon the menu with bits missing and not very hot.ything free it is $9 for a 450ml bottle of water! If you are looking to eat in the hotel you are looking at app. $100 per day per person. The location is not bad about 20mins walk from times square and 25 mins from maceys. The grand hyatt hotel is 2 mins from times square and a higher class hotel and the rooms are at least $50 dollars cheaper than the millenium. The millenium looks good online but it is not as good as described. Dont go unless you are not bothered about spending a fortune. I went expecting to pay $249 per night flor the room only afor 3 nights and they put some extra charges in which you are not told about and i ended up spending almost $2000 for the room alone.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2006
<Rating>2	1	4	3	5	4	2	3	

<Author>slimboywynn
<Content>Excellent Hotel I had my eye on the Millenium UN Plaza for quite some time before my trip and used it for the second leg of my stateside trip, only booking it 2 days before arrival.I was fortunate enough to receive a free upgrade, the suite on the 37th floor, which I have to say was a great way to end a 2 week vacation! The room was superb and the view was out of this world, The Empire State Building greated me each morning from my bed :)Location wise it's ideal too, I did think it was a little out of the way of where I wanted to be but I was so wrong, it was very easy to get to places from.I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone, I found nothing here to have a small whinge at :)  
<Date>Aug 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	-1	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Ex-Ambo
<Content>Classy and convenient The view from the rooms is terrific; the front desk handled checkin, messages and check out quickly and flawlessly. The hotel reflects New York's glitz and edginess while the rooms are serene and comfortable. If only the elevators came more quickly.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>melcraiguk
<Content>Superb Hotel Well we arrived and had our bags sniffed by the hotels resident sniffer dog, understandable really, were cordially greeted by the door staff and checked in. The hotel lobby is amazing, it's all mirrors and high ceilings. Front desk staff couldn't have been more helpful. First room we got did not have great views even although it was on the 35th floor, we asked for either an upgrade or better room, for free we got room 3318 and boy were the views to die for. To the right we had views of the Empire State Building and the Chrysler building and to the left we had the Hudson river, totally awesome as they say over there! Each day the room was cleaned to a high standard and beds were turned down eachh evening as we returned. The room we had was a twin, but the beds were big enough as was the room, the bathroom was a fine size but don't expect to use the bath! We did not eat in the hotel it was quite expensive at $25 just for breakfast, instead we went to the Nations cafe, go out of hotel turn left go onto 1st Avenue walk a couple of blocks to44th street and it's right on the corner, if you blink you might miss it, but when you get inside it's big enough and very clean. We ate here each day for breakfast at a reasonable $8 each. We did have a few drinks in the hotel bar speak to Jerry about the outlets and such, he's a font of knowledge when it comes to almost everything, we wished we had known about the Jersey Gardens outlet before we went to Woodbury Common, but thanks to the knowledgeable Jerry we managed to fit it in on our last day, he also pours a mean drink, but be warned they have no measures as such, other than, ooops we reached the top of the glass!!The night time concierge, Kenzo is also very good, very knowledgeable and extremely helpful. All in all we had a great time at a great hotel that was clean, well run and had great staff.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>feldtd
<Content>Great Experience This was my first stay at the Millennium-UN Plaza. I've been to NY many times, and this hotel was incredibly comfortable with a wonderful staff and gave me the absolute best views for a regular room. I had a view of midtown down, including the Empire State,Chrysler, UN, East River, etc. The room was very comfortable with modern furniture and a nice marble bathroom. Since the hotel doesn't start until the 28th floor, I also found that the noise level was very low compared to other NY hotels that I've stayed in. I was on the 37th floor.I love to walk so the location did not bother me; it may bother those that want to be right in tourist mid-town. The location is more of a residential area on the east side, right next to the UN Building. However, Grand Central is just a few blocks away and allows you to jump on the subway quickly to anywhere. The only downside for me was that they don't have ice machines. You have to call room service to have it delivered. Because of the room quality, view, and the incredibly nice staff, I'd definitely recommend this hotel to business and leisure travelers alike.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good stay at the UN Was not sure what to expec, other than goodviews , having read the previous reviews .Well the viewswere fantastic!! We askedfor the East Tower( more recently refurbished) but got the West Tower as the hotel was charging a huge premium for any room on the East Side. This was due to the Macy's 4th July fireworks displayover the East River. We watched the display on the riverside along with many others and it was amazing. The West Tower was a little tired in terms of the decor and needs a refurb but the rooms we had were large,,well equipped and pleasant .The Location is good , if a little away from the hub -bub of T Square. Staff were very helpful - our return flight was at 6 p.m. - asked at Reception in the morning and we were able to keep one of our rooms till 2p.m.Had a really good holiday , suggest you eat at Mc Faddens (round the corner on 2nd Avenue) The Comfort Diner just off 2nd on East 45th serves good simple grub -large portions . Try Carmines West 44th off Broadway for a party atmosphere and excellent Italian food. We saw the Colour Purple on Broadway -fantastic do try and see it . Go inside Grand Central Station - a beautiful building - and call at Junior's there for some Brooklyn cheesecake - best we've ever tasted.Top of the Rockefeller Centre was excellent - no queues or crowds and amazing views of Empire State Building and Central Park- enjoyed it more than the Empire State for those reasons. Comfortable walking shoes are essential as we walked miles, but subway was cheap and taxis reasonable.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great views minutes from Grand Central I booked this hotel b/c the rate was reasonable ($199) and it was near Grand Central. I was heading to the U.S. Open at Winged Foot in Mamaroneck and needed to be close to the train. I was pleasantly surprised the room was a decent size (by Manhattan Standards) but I was blown away by the view. We were on the 33rd floor and the view of the east river was fantastic. We had a hawk's eye view of much of lower midtown and it was great.Overall I would recommend this hotel to either the business or leisure traveler in New York. Its pretty convenient to much of the city  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ascenseur
<Content>A very decent hotel I've stayed at this hotel several times and never had a bad experience. I always request the East Tower which has the modern rooms and they are very well-appointed and large for Manhattan. The restaurant isn't bad, though the lounge is a bit dark and cavernous for my taste. As others have commented, the interior designers really had a thing for mirrors and the result can seem a bit like a funhouse. I still feel like I have no grasp of where I am in the lobby area, especially the hallways. Also the elevators are a real problem - expect lengthy delays. However, the staff and concierge are wonderful and the health club is quite nice. The location is quiet but close to public transport and within walking distance of many attractions. There are many great Irish pubs and French bistros in the neighborhood so don't be afraid to explore the immediate area.I'd recommend this hotel to just about anyone. I find it consistently great.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Millennium UN Plaza - New York This Millennium at UN Plaza is a great place to say in New York. My husband and I felt very safe there. It's right across the street from the United Nations Headquarters.The associates were friendly and accommodating; rooms were large and clean with great views of the city. John's restaurant just up the street on 44th and 2nd is a great little place to eat. They even have breakfast all day. We would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Beach_Buddys
<Content>Good value We booked this hotel for five nights on Priceline for $190 a night. This was a steal of a deal in New York for what you get. We stayed on the east side of the hotel. The room itself is nice, the king size bed was great! The bathroom was okay.. the shower smelled of mildew. Other than that we had a pleasant stay and you can walk to Grand Central very easily.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MandyNW
<Content>Great place Spent 6 nights here on a business trip in April. Excellant location, loads of stores and restaurants around. Didn't eat in hotel restaurant, but went to the bar which is very dark and plush, the old guys behind the bar were very entertaining and bickered with each other like the two old men from the Muppets. The lobby is jaw-droppingly funny and the staff were welcoming, especially the lady concierge (Anna?) who was excellant and sorted our airport shuttles out for us.Me and a colleague both had rooms on the 34th floor facing the city, and despite reading the reviews here nothing prepared me for the brilliant view, which was particularly good the day we had thunder and lightening.Room was clean, spacious, bathroom was over-mirrored but had everything i wanted, a great shower and loads of nice toiletries.My company paid, it was 拢160 a night which is more than I'd fork out if it were me paying, but I felt the price was justified for the quality of the hotel.John's diner is good, there's also a burger joint 'The Good Burger' round the corner which is a wonderful alternative to MacAwfulness. If you walk the 3 blocks towards Grand Central you come across a bar called The Overlook which is great, has a roof terrace which shows sport on a big screen, and does karaoke during the week.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>samuraiwriter
<Content>Nice room, good service, amazing view If you want a view- good sized room, clean bathroom and nice staff stay here. Best deal in Manhattan. Room service pricey, if you need a driver ask the doormen for Osama. World class driver.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Clarissa_Firebucket
<Content>Mirror, mirror on the wall. This hotel is certainly not the fairest of them all but, like any gaffe, has some advantages and some disadvantages. You have to be heavily into mirrors - and not be afraid to look critically at yourself from several vantage points you never thought possible. In one room we had you could visualise oneself seated on the toilet in the bathroom from 22 different aspects. Do you need this?We stayed a week - had problems at reception getting across we required ( and had booked ) a non-smoking room - reception staff not very accommodating on this. As many others have said the choice is basically refurbished with average view or tired and in need of updating but interesting view. We had both, but in each room the standard of housekeeping was OK. If it's not full why not try both and throw the toys out of the pram and demmand to be changed accordingly.Don't eat or drink here - John's Diner is brusque but reasonable and there are a few interesting eateries going uptown on 2nd Avenue. The hotel bar had a good barman when we were there but is full of UN paltroons.One bonus is the hotel pool. Although hardly plush it is a relatively rare facility in mid-town New York and a good chill out after a hard day's retail therapy.As many previously have said the situation is reasonable and relatively safe. There are always cabs outside the hotel but stroll along to 2nd Avenue and save yourself 5 bucks trip around the block.In my humble opinion this is an adequate hotel, quiet (by virtue of it's location), almost totally impersonal, a monument to mirrors and goldsprayed aluminium. Providing you only pay around $150 PP per night is reasonable value. It's basically functional - don't expect to enjoy. Bear in mind it's proximity to the UN and it's regular use by flight crew affect the clientele and the ambience.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Michellehongkong
<Content>Loved IT!!!! I Stayed at the plaza from the 27th may to the 31st may. We had a corner room on the 38th floor it was lovely with a great view over the east river, Roosevelt Island, the Queensboro bridge and Queens. The staff were really helpful, room was very clean, maid service was every day. Pool had a amazing view over the city its on the 27th floor. We walked to Grand Central Station and on to time square the first night its not that far of a walk. Resaurant is very pricey $58 for breakfast (1x cereal, 1x toast, 2x OJ, 1x eggs Benedict, 2x teas), so we went to Johns a 2minute walk left out the hotel, but I would still recommend this hotel to anyone. One tip I would give anyone, buy a really good guide book before you go an decide what you want to do before you go. It saves time when you there, cos there's so much to do and see. Michelle and RussellHave a great trip!!!!!!  
<Date>Jun 10, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jenndon
<Content>A great experience We stayed here for one night midweek. Check-in took a little longer than I would have liked. There were 2 people working at the guests, and 3 guests who had to check in before I did. The doormen were very friendly and cheerful. We stayed in the East tower, room 3517. We had a great view of the river, but could also see the Chrysler building and Empire State building. It was beautiful! I've stayed in at least 3 other hotels in NYC, and this really made it feel like I was staying in the big apple.Without being asked, my room (which I booked on Priceline) was upgraded to a King. The room has been recently renovated. It was quite large, for NY. Beside the bed were two built in bedside tables. There was a nice sofa under the windows. There was a walk in closet with a bench to sit on while getting dressed. The bathroom was quite wide--plenty of room for more than one person at time.There was still a sign up about the elevators being updated, but unlike others have mentioned, we had no trouble with the elevators. They came in a timely fashion.I knew that this hotel was part of MTE on Priceline, and I thought that the UN was too far away. However, I found this location ideal. It was only about a 10 minute walk (if that) to Grand Central station, and the subways were very convenient.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>PlainCrazy
<Content>Was OK for the price.... My wife and I just returned from seven nights at the UN Millenium Plaza staying from April 30 - May 7, 2006.Our first experiences of the hotel were good with an easy and cheap cab ride in from LGA in the middle of a Sunday afternoon. The doorman greeted us and took aour luggage away for us. At the front desk - and yes there are alot of mirrors - we were offerred a room with a midtown view or a newly renovated room facing east. We chose the view.First impressions of the room were quite good. The view east towards the Times Square area were fantastic. The Chrysler and Empire State Buildings dominate the view. Beautiful. Window that opens is a nice feature. King sized bed and failry spacious with a big closet, two comfy chairs and a dresser with six drawers - more than enough room for two people for the week.The bathroom was very worn and in need of a full demolition and refit. The shower was pretty weak.We only dined at the hotel once and would not recommend over the multitude of choices elsewhere.We paid 210/night and I felt that was reasonable for what we got. The location is about a fice to ten minute walk to Grand Central and maybe twenty to Times Square or Central Park. Maybe a bit far for some but the neighborhood is safe and quite.Like many others we had breakfast everyday at John's Diner - one block to the west of the hotel) and it was quick and good.I would recommend this hotel is you don't mind a little walk to the major sights, want to save a few bucks, and want a quiet and safe location.  
<Date>May 8, 2006
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>pemberton
<Content>Pleasant stay stayed at the Un Millenium new york over the East Period and it was a pleasant stay. After checking in we went to room and there was no fold-away for our daughter as booked, so as we passed reception on the way out to dinner reminded them about the extra bed to which she replied we will have to charge you $15.00 per night for our 4 night stay. I informed her that I had already booked the room for 3 persons 6 months previous and secondly had checked-in. She started to raise her voice and state that the girl who had who had dealt with us when we arrived was new and that she had ommitted to charge us. Everyone around the reception area were now aware of our problem as she was becoming more agitated and would now go and find the receptionist concerned on break. I asked to see the Manager but she said that he was not available and she was the duty Manager (Help!!). She eventually came back after speaking to her colleague and said that as she had made a mistake she would not charge us. The hotel was only 100 yards from open-topped bus route which was great. We went to the recommended 'John's' restaurant for breakfast each day - what a character, very good prices.  
<Date>May 7, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the UN Millennium Plaza !!! My daughter bought me tickets to see Rent for Christmas this year so I wanted to get a really nice hotel to stay in. I agonized over the decision for a month. My friends kept saying to just pick one since it was only for one night, but I didn't want our trip to be remembered by a bad hotel (yuck). I'm so happy that I did my homework and looked at the reviews and even though the hotel was a little out of the way, it just so happened that it poured all weekend anyway so we would not have been able to walk anywhere. The staff were so nice and helpful and when we arrived they upgraded us to a beautiful, clean, suite. My daughter and I had such a fun time ordering room service (which was a little pricey) but you only live once, right? This way we can say the show was great, the room and staff were great, and we are recommending this hotel to everyone!!! Our view (which was the only thing that we did ask for) was beautiful. My daughter ended up getting sick the night we got there and when I called down for an extra blanket, they were right up with one. I think people writing bad reviews are the people that are never going to be happy with anything.  
<Date>May 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic view - from the East Tower Second time in the UN Plaza, and again very pleased. The room we got in the East Tower (30th floor) was nicely designed, clean, had a very good bed and that more than fantastic view over Lower Manhattan, the East River, the UN Building and lots of Brooklyn. Could stand at the window for ages just looking and wondering. We also found the room spacious enough.We wouldn't be so sure, however, about the West Tower. We got a room there at first, but it was (fortunately) not Non-Smoking, so we went back to Reception and asked to be re-located. Then got the East Tower room. The West Tower room, in comparison, not only lacked a view, but seemed rather dark and in need of renovation. Also, it should be mentioned that the new US mission to the UN is currently built just North of the hotel building. If you get a room on that side, you won't get too much of a sleep-in.Had the same experience with long waits at the elevator (which are currently undergoing modernisation, so something is happening at least), found the pool nice (but not more), had no problem whatsoever with the friendly staff - and had breakfast, as obviously everyone else, at John's. I do recommend the UN Plaza. You should dare to ask for an East Tower Room, however, and one with a Southward view. Otherwise you could be dissappointed.  
<Date>May 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Breathtaking Views       Hotel Itself from Front  
<Date>May 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel My husband and I stayed at this hotel from April 28-30, 2006. Our room was on the 40th floor and had a city (west side) view. Our room had a king size bed, and was spacious and very clean. When we got to our room, I noticed it was right across from the elevators, which were being renovated. I was concerned there would be noise, but it was very quiet. We couldn't hear the elevators at all. I had also read other Trip Advisor reviews about long waits for the elevators, but we didn't experience that at all. Given that the elevator had to go up to the 40th floor, we didn't have to wait long at all. My husband used the work out room, and I used the indoor pool. Both were very clean, and in great shape. The ladies locker room was immaculate.The hotel staff was friendly and attentive.I would definitely stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>martinduff
<Content>Wjhat a view Just returned back from a four night stay at the plaza, overall i think the hotel was a good choice yes the rooms are tired and need of a makeover but overall we could not complain. The staff were all very good - Frank in particular gave us a quick guide from the window of our room on arivall . We did not eat in the restaurant so cannot comment , thier is too much choice around to stay in the hotel . We had breakfast at johns each morning $20 for a good breakfast for two service was excellent and made you feel at home, highly recommend . Take the red bus tours good value , also the bodies exebition on south peir near the WTC is worth a visit. We also went to the lion king on broadway good choice for all the family . Dont miss the shopping on fitth avenue very busy during peak times allthough most stores are open late so waiting till later is not a bad idea.Overall a good trip allthough five days is not enough to see all that we would have wanted to maybe next time .  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	2	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>tommii
<Content>Really Really very good       View of East River/UN Building  
<Date>Apr 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't book the suite! Spent Saturday night (April 22) in a suite with four girlfriends (we're all in our mid-fifties, by the way--this wasn't a hen party). The living area was tiny and the sofa--which would be pulled out to serve as a double bed for two of us--was broken down and very uncomfortable. When we opened it up, we found there were no sheets or blankets and four of the nine springs which held the mattress support were missing--the support was sagging onto the floor. The mattress itself was about 3 inches thick and beaten down badly. This bed could NOT be slept on! It took three calls to housekeeping to get sheets, a blanket (a TWIN blanket arrived) and a roll-away bed. One slept on the couch and one slept on the roll-away. No apologies, no rush to help us, no compensation (none was asked for, but...) Shame on them for selling a suite with a couch/sofabed that was so bad.The good news: It was clean and the view was spectacular!! The two bathrooms were large and all marble, though I could have done without the full wall mirror next to the toilet and facing the shower.One friend said she'd stay there again just for the views. Two of us said we wouldn't, unless there was a deal too good to pass up (but, in that case, only if we wanted a regular room with a bed, not a suite).  
<Date>Apr 26, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>NewYorkMinute
<Content>Great Find in a great location Decided on this hotel for a family trip after many online comparisons and a Travelzoo bargain was the ultimate decider! Very helpful reservation clerk (Tammy) was the first encounter with the hotel staff which was followed by a super-swift check in on arrival. I almost expected John Travolta to sashay across the lobby after reading some OTT comments about its decor .. this is NEW YORK, not a Buddhist monastery! So no need for sunglasses, its glitzy, thats all. The ONLY disappointment re; this hotel was I had emailed requesting a city view but our rooms faced the East River instead. Still .. a lot better view than a brick wall. No problems waiting for the elevators - there was also a courtesy phone beside the elevators to contact reception in case of delays, due to maintenance, and a staff member would arrive to escort guests in the service lift but this was never necessary.Rooms were absolutely fine, okay slightly faded 80's, including the Magnavox TV's, but hey, the 80's retro look is in. Tiling around the baths looked a little tired however unless you are the type of hygiene-obsessive person who carries a bottle of bleach and toothbrush to spend your holiday scrubbing tiles, not a problem. Initially, the interconnecting door between our rooms was locked but literally three minutes after a phone call to Reception, a staff member arrived to remedy the situation. Housekeeping was top class, rooms were immaculate upon our return each day and all the staff, from Frank, the friendly porter who stowed our luggage on our final day to the helpful lady in the gift shop (lots of last minute gifts found here), were exceptionally polite.Very quiet location, never heard any street noise and lots of security personnel with sniffer dogs in the vicinity too, (hardly surprising with the UN Buildings literally across the street) so felt very safe. One of the other narrowed-down choices was the Grand Hyatt - certainly more central and right next door to Grand Central station but feel the Plaza was a more peaceful location to return to after a busy day's sightseeing.Turn right on leaving the hotel, a brisk 10 minute stroll has you right at Grand Central station and a host of subway routes. Yes, the 10 minutes felt longer in the evening, especially with shopping bags!, but look out for the Lexington Avenue exit from Grand Central and this really shortens the journey. There are always taxis outside this hotel too.A handy Deli just up the street, several supermarkets and a Duane Reade drugstore on Second Avenue and Johns Diner on the corner of 44th and 2nd Avenue give plenty of options for stocking up on coffee/essentials/or if you dont feel like splurging in the hotel's Ambassador Grill restaurant. Practically every previous review for this hotel mentioned John's Diner so we dined there several times .. food was okay to be perfectly frank and at busy times, it felt like a 'get 'em in, get 'em out' conveyor belt but it was convenient. There is also an Amish supermarket just around the corner on 45th St.Really enjoyed our stay at the UN Plaza due to its quiet, safe location and helpful staff. Would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>EastmeetsWestAB
<Content>Big Disappointment I stayed in this hotel years ago before it becomes part of the Millennium chain. The service then was superb and it makes you feel like a value individual customer. In my recent visit, this is no longer the case. You are just one of the mass. The conceirge there is not knowledgable or lack there of even on a Monday morning after 9.30am. The rooms look stale and can do with some updating. The soap that they provided once wet is so slippery you can not even put anywhere near the bath. Although I must admit this hotel does have lovely view of the city and a great swimming pool. What a pity. I can understand why expedia gives it a 3 star hotel. A big disppointment overall. I think W in mid town (Lexington) is also 3 stars. I would go for W if you do not mind the room size, however the bed is divine.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Gardini
<Content>Would stay there again for sure! I booked this hotel via Hotels and got a very good rate. I was looking for a nice hotel in Midtown and found it very good value for the price. The room was very spacious with two large beds, nice bathroom, a walk-in closet and had a great view of the Empire State building. It also has a gym and swimming pool with a great view! The place was clean, the staff were polite and very accommodating. You can't beat the location for being near Grand Central, which makes it easy to get anywhere. There are also always taxis in front of the hotel. I would definitely recommend this hotel!  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>reynards
<Content>What a bargain! As a family visiting from the UK we booked two rooms via Travelzoo on their amazing deal - $169 a room. Apart from having to use the service lift on the first night because of maintainance everything else was first class. Would highly recommend this hotel to everyone.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>WOW!!! What an incredible value!! Me, my teenage daughter and her friend stayed at the Mellenium UN Plaza over spring break the second week of April. I had originally booked with expedia but then Travelzoo was offering the same room for $169, an incredible rate. We were extremely impressed with the hotel overall. The staff was helpful, courteous and nice. The rooms, wow, incredible. Actually large for Manhattan. We asked for a high floor and were given room 3824. We could not believe the view, incredible. It didn't hurt that the weather was beautiful the entire time we were there, but nice to come back to the room and look clear to downtown. We usually stay near Times Square but this time we took a chance and were very happy with our desicion to stay at the Millenium. Grand Central Station is only about 4 blocks and the shuttle to Times Square tskes about a minute. The pool is wonderful and the views, wow, again! All I can say is the hotel is wonderful and we will definitely stay there again. We ate mostly out of the hotel as the prices in the restaurant are prretty high. John's Cafe is just down the block and if you are lucky enough to be there when john is there, you will definitely be entertained! Dunkin Donuts is just 2 blocks south of the hotel. The only complaint I would say are the elevators. They were working on them, I think they said, upgrading them. It took me 20 minutes once just to get an elevator on the 38th floor. Other than that tiny inconvienence, a great hotel!!!!  
<Date>Apr 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>LeMonde
<Content>GREAT hotel I booked on priceline and when I got there I was surprised that it had been called a three-star hotel. I'd definitely give it four. (Usually priceline errs in the other direction.) Employees were friendly, place was beautiful, room was great, view was amazing, bed was comfortable. I was only there for one night, unfortunately, so I didn't get to use the tennis court or the pool, but I'd love the chance to go back and try! Even the minibar prices weren't as bad as I'm used to. One little problem: the room was quite hot and the A/C was blowing hot air, and it wouldn't go off. I called and the man said he'd send someone up, and an hour later no one had come. So we left for dinner and I stopped by the front desk and I repeated my complaint. (When we got back to the room later that night it was pleasantly cool.)Also, I went out and came back quite late at night, 4 a.m.-ish, and no one was around to check my room key. I found this quite strange, especially given that this hotel is practically across the street from the U.N. and probably a regular place for diplomats. Otherwise, perfect!  
<Date>Apr 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>G1_H
<Content>first visit to new york and loved every minute of it       The Un Plaza  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>pURE DEAD bRILLIANT A group of 36 off us stayed at this hotel, and not one person had anything bad to say, the place was out of this world, i mean the swimming pool on the 27th floor was great and the view even better, the rooms were very nice and big, all the staff were friendly and couldnt do enough to help whenever you needed any help, all in all i recommended to everyone, and if i get the chance i'll be back.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jmmex
<Content>Pros and Cons We stayed for one night (Mar 25)and we had a good time, you will too if you have a real positive outlook. With that said...we also got the room thru Priceline, we paid a very reduced rate. Had we paid $290 like some have, I would feel differently, for sure. The Cons: BEWARE: the hotel has a severe elevator problem. It is ongoing and will affect your movement considerably. We were on the 32nd fl, so the stairs are not an option. You will wait on average 20 mins. No exageration. The room/suite smelled of smoking, we were not happy, but we bought incense and dealt with it. Our room was next to housekeeping's elevator. Since this is used at night for guests--we got no sleep until maybe 2am when it slowed down. There is no direction from anyone, no signs, no information. You need to be proactive to make things happen here.The Pros: We had a view of the river, beautiful and plenty of sunshine. Very quiet (except for elevator issue). The suite was huge and clean (even with smell). Bed was comfortable. Staff was overworked and still had a smile, but you have to approach them. Parking is available, $35 for 24 hr span.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>adored our room view we stayed in hotel for 1 week march 06; on arrival to hotel our first impressions were as expected as we had checked hotel on the web!!on arrival to our room i was ecstatic as the reviews had advised east tower even no,s our room was 3814 fantastic!!!!it was a dream! not that we spent a lot of time in it but after long days out and about it was a delight to come back to the superb views!we would definatly recommend this hotel for location,comfort,views and a relaxing break hope this helps you  
<Date>Mar 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Missdiamonds21
<Content>Great Views!! We stayed for 6 nights from 15th March til 21 March. Found the hotel to be great. We stayed in the side which has the view of Empire State and Chrysler Building... views were totally breathtaking. Rooms were dated but hey, we were only there to sleep. Mimibar, like all hotels was overly priced!! The hotel begins on something like 29th floor. There were only 2 lifts working for the 6 nights we were there with a sign saying they were being modernised. The hotel was spotlessly clean and staff could not have been more helpful. Location is ok. No subway stations close but only 15-20 minute walk to Times Square etc. Would definately reccomment John's Cafe at the Corder of 2nd and 44th for breakfast!!! So Cheap and food is delicious. Say hi for us!! Enjoy x  
<Date>Mar 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dingy and depressing The rooms look like they were built in 1978, and they've done nothing since. All of the furniture is dinged, the whole room looks dingy, the bed felt gross, the shower had no water pressure. No internet access in the room, although I suppose I should have checked this ahead of time. Wifi is available in the lobby if you have a laptop; if not, they have this computer that is literally from the early 90s that costs $15/hour to use, and is so outdated it can't handle pages like my bank's site, paypal, anything complicated. The whole place made me feel like I was stuck in a time warp. The one upside is that the room was very large for Manhattan.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2006
<Rating>2	3	1	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Nigel_Sheffield
<Content>Gorgeous views, but not everything its cracked up to be We booked the hotel based entirely on Tripadvisor reviews, and one recommendation from a friend who stayed there 2 years ago.We stayed for 4 nights from March 1st. We arrived at midday and were checked straight into our room, and having been up since 3am in the UK to fly over we decided to have an hours nap before heading out into the city. This was impossible - our room was directly outside the main lift and we were woken by the lift whining and a maid came into our room. The final straw was some very noisy people holding a conversation outside our door while waiting for a lift. The decor in the room was very shabby - we were given the impression that a facelift was long overdue.To the hotels credit they moved us immediately, and gave us a room on the 40th floor, room 4032. The views of New York from here were incredible, both at sunrise and during the evenings. The decor was less tired than the first room too. Both rooms were very spacious, and the beds were very comfortable. We didn't have any problems with the room temperature as mentioned in previous reviews.Our tower had 3 lifts, though only one was working throughout our stay leading to some quite long waits - about 5 minutes on averageWe didn't eat breakfast in the hotel, choosing to walk to the end of the block to eat in the excellent Johns Cafe. The service here was fast, friendly and helpful - the waitresses were happy to give tips on sights to see and the cheapest ways to get round the city.The hotel staff were very friendly, and couldn't do enough to help. We'd highly recommend a trip to the reflexology section of the fitness club - Rose is a star and really knows how to relieve tired feet that have been walking the streets of NYC!One last word of warning - we didn't have a guest pack in our room so were unaware of the cost of phone calls. As I'd forgotten my mobile we made two 5 min calls back to the UK and would have been charged $60 for this had I not complained.Summary - great views, friendly staff, adequate but not spectacular rooms. Probably about the right value for the price we paid - $229 a night booked on the internet, which was $70 cheaper than I was quoted by the reservations team on the phone...  
<Date>Mar 9, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>mkatrack
<Content>Excellent on Many Fronts My wife and I stayed here for one night in February 2006 and thought it was excellent. We live in Albany, NY and have occasion to visit Manhattan several times a year (sometimes with our kids) and stay at various hotels, and this one sure ranks very high. We had a room on the 38th floor, overlooking both the East River and the Chrysler and Empire State Building, and that's pretty darn nice. The king bed was fine and the room was certainly big enough, especially for two (and a room with multiple beds may have been fine if kids were with us). The neighborhood is very nice and an attraction in itself, in that it is very quiet (not always the case with Manhatan hotels, facing busy streets), but just a 15-20 minute walk to Times Square. We did not eat at the restaurant hotel (we never do),preferring to graze as we walk (including an excellent Asian Deli on Lex and 41st and one at Lex and 48th. And discovered one of the best NYC pizza restuarants, Totonno's, at 27th and 2nd, about a 15 minute walk. There are many eating places closer, we just didn't go to them. We heard that there is a lovely indoor pool, perhaps the best one in a Manhattan hotel, which woudl make it attractive for families, but we didn't give it a try. We had a very good special rate ($190) which really is exceptional for a hotel of this class. One reason may be that the UN was not in sesion and the hotel was not crowded, which always heightens the enjpyment of any place. Some people on this site complained of the mirrors in the lobby, but how important is that to any one's enjoyment of the hotel? Not at all, irrelevant in my book. Staff were fine. Valet parking is offered for $35-40/night (no in and out) but I parked at a lot around 15 blocks away for $20--not that I wanted to save the money, necessarily, but, why not and, anyway, the more I can walk and discover Manhattan, the better.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jayirwin
<Content>Very Comfortable Hotel With a Great View               More photos  
<Date>Mar 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>juppy
<Content>Millennium UN Plaza Absolutely magnificent       view from hotel at night  
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent hotel in the capitol of the world We stayed here last weekend for 3 night. We were checked in quite fast despite a convention taking place in the building.We were given a room on the 34th floor looking over the East River and Queens. The views are spectacular. The bedroom was very spacious, the bathroom huge and there was plenty of wardrobe space.The staff were very friendly and helpful, in particular the Concierge who, as we had a late flight from JFK arranged for our bags to be checked and a car for the airport (who was excellent and knew all the short cuts to get us to JFK in just over 30mins). the Bar, although expensive had excellent staff who would talk to you and seemed genuinely friendly and interested in you.You are actually on the top ten floors of a UN building so you feel very safe and there are security personell with sniffer dogs at the entrance and you really feel as though you are somewhere special that 'not just anyone' could go to.The hotel is very quiet, yet it is only a short walk from Grand Central Station and the Subway, as well as some excellent bars on 2nd and 3rd Avenue. The shopping of 5th Avenue and the peace of Central park are only 20 mins walk away max. If there were cons the elevators were not the best often took about 5 mins to come and once didnt come at all but this was resolved almost immediately by maintainance (There were signs indicating that they are undergoing major renovation with the elevators). This is an excellent hotel for the price and the next time I go to NYC the first thing i will be booking in the Millenium UN Plaza.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>soleglo
<Content>THUMBS UP TO MILLENIUM UN PLAZA Just returned from a weekend and would recommend this place wholeheartedly. We stayed in the east tower which is the renovated tower. (not the west as some people have posted) The room and bathroom were a very nice size in comparison to New York standards. The only reason I would not stay here again, is I prefer to be within one block of a train station and this hotel is at least 3-4 blocks from the nearest train which is Grand Central Station. That aside Mill UN Plaza gets two thumbs up.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>fantastic..... Fantastic is the best way to describe our weekend at the Millenium. It was my husbands 50th birthday and we couldn't have stayed in a better place. The front desk person, Bermith, she was wonderful. The room was more than we expected. The view was breathtaking.We have only great things to say about the Millenium UN Plaza. Thank you.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AusTravellerSydney
<Content>Big room, king bed and oh so quiet! My husband and I spent ten nights at the UN Millennium over Christmas and found it to be a perfect hotel for a tourist in NYC. We visited NY last year at the same time, but found our hotel to be very noisey so this time we sought a hotel where we knew that it would be quiet, regardless of the room we were given. We studied the map and worked out that the hotel was in a quiet location and the hotel is located above two office towers, starting at level 27, so it was well above the street noise. We booked a Deluxe King room and were on level 37 which is the second top floor. The cost was great. $325 for the first night then $165 the rest of the night because it was low season for the Millennium with the UN not in session. It was a nice big room, really comfy king bed and quite large bathroom. We had an excellent view uptown of the river and skyscrapers. The windows are double glased but you can open them and it was so quiet, that we slept with the window open one night. It was great to get some fresh air!The concierge was very helpful. I called a week before we arrived and they organised a car to pick us up from the airport and likewise when we left. We didn't bother with the hotel breakfast and went to John's diner which is on corner up from the hotel on 2nd Ave. Classic American breakfast, quick and pleasant service. If you walk up to the high 50s and 60th Street on 2nd Ave, there are some good local restaurants from an easy going bar like Press Room to more upmarket restaurants. As this is a residential area, we found the service and food to be far superior to the standard midtown restaurants catering predominantly to tourists. The chinese across the road was surprisingly good and we went there twice. The location of the Millennium is excellent for the tourist who likes walking. It is only a quick walk to Grand Central and if you do want to take a taxi, there are always taxis out the front of the hotel. As experienced international travellers, we found this to be an excellent hotel in New York.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place to stay and superb views My family and I stayed here for 6 nights and stayed in what must be the west tower as we had a fantastic view of the Empire State and Chrylser building. Our rooms were 3636 and 3637. They were identical to the ones shown in another review for a room on the 40th floor. The rooms were large and well appointed, The bathroom was a little old but still more than adequate and what you would expect for a 3 / 4 star hotel. The rooms were well cleaned and the staff never really bothered us. The room we had did not have wireless internet or coffee tea facilities. We mentioned this on their questionnaire - amazingly they e mailed in response. They have internet access but it still has some bugs and coffee and tea machines are available on request.The staff were very friendly and the security / sniffer dogs on the front door were very friendly.We didn't use the pool or the gym - but we did have a look and the views of the East River were amazing. The pool must have been on or around the 40th floor!We did not eat at the hotel. Instead we had breakfasts at John's diner that was very close 44th and 2nd. We had a good meal at a nearby Greek fish restaurant on 1st av, several blocks north of the hotel.Our best find was the Amish supermarket / deli 45th street between 2nd and 3rd av. After a hard days sight seeing we were often too tired to go out for a restaurant meal so we opted to get take out from there. Its a food lovers paradise and has great cakes, deli, and made to order pizzas. The hotel had no problem with us picnicing in our room.The nearest tube was grand central station. However, we mostly walked to the hotel. Its a 10 to 15 min walk to Times Square.I would not hestitate to stay at this hotel again.........unless you have a fear of heights. My mum was a bit scared of the view from the floor to ceiling window.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great hotel, great city!!! had booked this hotel on the internet as a friend had stayed here last year and recommended it. Had checked out the comments on trip advisor and cant believe the variations in comments. visiting from Manchester (UK)we checked in after a long flight (delays), i had requested a room on the 38th floor in the new tower and we were overlooking the east river, The view of the manhattan skyline was stunning, but looking down out of the window was very scary!!The hotel was very pleasant, clean, room was spacious, rooms cleaned daily. Staff were helpful and pleasant, Gerry the barman was good company and pointed out a few good bars to try out. Didnt eat in the restaurant-due to the prices, however there are any number of fantastic diners and restaurants within a ten minute walking distance! This was my first trip to new york and i thoroughly enjoyed it! plan to visit again and would definetly stay at the millenium hotel again. If you check out the prices of other hotels i think the price is very reasonable, and well worth every penny!!  
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mmethvin
<Content>Loved the View Liked the great view -- did not have any problems with hotel -- good deal and also best pizza place called Tonys on second avenue.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>angieM
<Content>A Great Place to start the Year.       The Bathroom  
<Date>Jan 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>AndiRN
<Content>Good Price My husband and I stayed at the Millenium UN Plaza Hotel this past weekend. It was a five minute walk to the hotel from Grand Central Station. We checked in, took our bags upstairs, and were impressed with the room. It was a decent, clean room with a spectacular view of the Chrysler and Empire State Buildings. We purchased our room on Hotwire and got a great deal. Unfortuately, it was a smoking room and we were not given the option of either/or. In the morning when we awoken, we noticed the message light was blinking on our phone. We called down to the front desk and the clerk told us because of our inconvience from the night before, the assistant manager was going to give us a complimentary breakfast. We had no inconviences, we laughed and went downstairs for our free breakfast. Ha ha! The breakfast was standard, not spectacular, and overpriced (I'm glad it was free). There isn't a lot around that area as far as breakfast options. Walk up a few blocks to the Turtle Bay area and check out some cute, quaint places to eat. If you want a good breakfast, go early to the Grey Dog Coffee in the West Village. It is on Cornelia St. My husband and I used to live in NYC and ate there all the time!  
<Date>Jan 16, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>State of Mainer
<Content>Great value! My husband and I spent two nights here this past weekend and we thought it was excellent value for NYC hotels. The lobby is kind of disorienting with all the mirrors, angles and lights but WOW when you get to your room! HUGE compared to other NYC hotel rooms we have seen, with a very large bathroom and closet. And the view!!! Our room was on the 31st floor and overlooked the East River (Roosevelt Island) and 1st Avenue heading north. No street noise, a window that opens, perfectly quiet hallways...what more could you ask for? The hotel restaurant seems overpriced (didn't eat there) and we didn't see the gym or pool. It's about a four block walk to the subway and there are plenty of restaurants withing easy walking distance. We will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great hotel Visited the Milllenniumm UN Plaza in December 2004, and brought in the New Year in style. A beautiful looking hotel in the outside, which looks even better on the inside.The hotel is huge. A real skyscraper which makes you feel TINY when you look up at it. We stayed on the 32nd with two rooms. One of the rooms had spectacular views of the Empire State Building, and the Chrysler Building...meanwhile our other room has more tranquil views of the river. Travelling on the lifts if fun, with your ears popping as you rocket from ground level to floor 32. Location wise, the Millennium is okay if you like to walk. But after this 'walk' you are in the center of everything. Thoroughly enjoyed my stay and would stay many more times, if i could!  
<Date>Jan 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>pachy
<Content>Great Deal Had a nice stay here. Staff was cordial. Modern decor in the East Tower was fine. Could see that mildew beginning to build up on the bath tiles will contribute to poor maintenance. Would like to recommend Cibo restuarant on 2nd and 41st for a quiet dinner; prix fixed-3 courses seasonal menu, many choices for $30. The new Amish market on 45th is like a mini Whole Foods.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Familydoctor
<Content>excellent hotel Just returned from 3 nights at the millenium .We were on the 33rd floor in the West Tower.we had a corner room and interlocked with our kids in the next room. We had a corner room and the views were wonderful.The room had a small kitchenette and bathroom en-suite and one huge King sized bed.We loved the hotel and all its facilities esp the Pool in the other tower(takes some finding).The concierge Ana was most helpful as were all the staff.I would thoroughly recommend this place its well worth a trip and is very well located.The only problem was the Bar where the staff were rude, however this was more than matched by all the others elsewhere.Thanks for previous reviews who helped me choose itT.N. Poole England  
<Date>Jan 11, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pleasant Hotel Myself and my husband stayed at this hotel from the 27th December until the morning of 31st December. We had a pleasant stay the staff were very helpful and friendly.As someone suggested on here I emailed prior to arriving, to request a room with 鈥榓 view鈥? whether the email worked I鈥檓 not sure however I did have a very nice view, where I you could see the side of the river by the UN and upper Manhattan!The room was clean and tidy, although the lack of tea/coffee facilities within the room are disappointing, especially when you have spend the whole day out in the cold, although I suppose this is why they have room service?! Which is costly!!! The bathroom did look a bit tired though. As also mentioned on here we went to Johns for Breakfast 鈥榗heap and cheerful鈥?good food, fast service that鈥檚 quite inexpensive, it was very busy!!!My husband did comment that he felt we had been in better hotels that has the same rating, however, It was clean and tidy. Despite the fact we noticed that a fork had been left on the corridor floor for the whole time of our stay!!!!A nice hotel mostly clean and tidy, polite staff, enjoyable stay.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>moonrose
<Content>What a New Year! After getting very lucky at the last minute, four of us managed to get a large room to share at the Mill UN Plaza for four nights through the New Year.We had read previous reviews of the hotel regarding its location and found that a couple of blocks from Grand Central Station was not a bother at all.Very quiet neighborhood, which we were grateful for after our meanderings around Times Square etc this time of year!Our room was on the 33rd floor - wrap around windows with the most glorious views. Beds were comfortable, and although there were notices left around about how the towels and sheets would not be replaced every day because of the hotel's policy of saving energy, we found everything replenished every day of our stay.The staff were all very friendly and helpful. One day we found we were left too few towels, called housekeeping and they sent more up toot sweet. Our loo overflowed one morning, another call to housekeeping- all fixed by the time we returned later in the day.The pool/sauna/work-out room were just great...we made use of them and the wonderful showers and changing rooms - plentiful shampoo, conditioner, shower gel, hair dryers, moisturizing lotions etc etc. The little spin dryer for swimsuits in the changing room was great!Had breakfast at John's most mornings...we became part of the 'family' of the place! By the way, be sure to find Goodburger south down the same street a block...excellent!Check out was a breeze.Only criticism we could think of was the slow elevators...Also, never found the Internet Cafe which was supposed to be right next to the Ambassador Grill...one would have thought that a hotel of this calibre would provide wi-fi to the rooms as per.Not much of a gripe, tho.New Year's midnight found us hooting and hollering out our window to other patrons out their windows! :)  
<Date>Jan 9, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Was really looking forward to our stay but! This trip we had booked for many months as it was our Silver Wedding anniversary. When we checked into the Millenuim the staff were very unfriendly. We were given a room in the East Tower so we knew it was going to be not that great- which it was'nt. Our room overlooked the back of the hotel, the bathroom was in bad need of decorating. The Beds were small and for the duration of our stay my dh slept on the floor as the bed was just too small and hard for him. What the rooms lack are, Tea  Coffee making faciciities. They have a basket full of overpriced biscuits but no kettle. We did find a fantastic Deli at the corner of the road called 'Plaza Deli' Also found comfort inn and Johns diner to eat out in. All food at the Millenium is top price so shop around for eating out if you wish to stay at this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Laura_Neil
<Content>Fantastic Hotel We stayed at the Millenium UN plaza from the 27th Dec until the early hours of Jan 1st. After requesting rooms for both our parties, we were given adjacent rooms in the East Tower. Our room had 180degree views over Manhattan. The room was super-clean and all our needs were met. We found all the staff to be friendly and attentive, and were prepared to go out of their way to help us. Whilst we avoided the expensive restaurant, we visited John's cafe at the end of the street every day for our breakfast. This is a must, even when packed (as it always is!) we were fed very quickly. I would definitely stay at this hotel again, it was an excellent experience. We slept extremely well due to the quiet nature of the location we were in. A brilliant holiday!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cmacNYC
<Content>Nice Room with a View We stayed here the day after Christmas 2005 for my birthday celebration, nice view, very clean room, smiley, friendly staff, no problems. Bell service was very accomodating, car valet, bags etc. About a 5-6 $ cab drive to the theater district, went their a couple of times during our stay with returns of course. Over-all we'd stay here again, with a rate of 169. per night with all taxes etc we found it very reasonable.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>quindad
<Content>New York`s best luxury hotel value After making a last minute decision to go to New York, for a show, during the busiest hotel week of the year, we weren`t hopeful about finding anything decent. It`s now commonplace to spend upwards of $250 for even the shabby, run down properties in New York. Many of the tripadvisor reviews will attest to that. We called many places and we were horrified by the prices and the reviews. Throwing caution to the wind, we called The Millenium UN Plaza and we were delighted when they offered us an excellent rate. We`ll have to disagree with one of the reviewers below. The lobby is elegant, with polished marble, mirrors and stunning floral arrangements. The front desk staff was extroverted, cheerful, and helpful, as were all the hotel staff that we encountered. When we got to our room, we gasped at how beautiful it was. The contemporary, minimalist decor is just right, as the focus is, and should be on the remarkable city views. The spacious and pristine amenity laden bath virtually sparkled. The housekeeping staff arrived within 5 minutes after making a request for terry cloth bathrobes....an example of the attentive service found here. The hotel rooms start on the 28th floor, so there is absolutely no street noise which is a rare commodity in Manhattan. That along with an exceptionally comfortable bed, made for an excellent night`s sleep. This was a great hotel experience, and a rare New York value. To think that we could have spent a lot more for a light less, at many of the nearby properties, makes this hotel a superlative find....not to be missed by those who crave luxury for less.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>leafpeeper
<Content>A room with a view We always visit family in Manhattan over Christmas, so we like to wait for an off-season deal and then pounce. This year our deal was the Millenium UN Plaza, directly across the street from the UN on the East River. What a wonderful treat! Fortunately, I had read reviews on TripAdvisor and knew to ask for a room in the renovated West Tower. Our room (3637) was beautiful, decorated in muted Asian decor. The bath was huge, with polished marble floors, fantasitic lighting, and mucho counter space. The closets are huge and there are many built in bureaus drawers plus big mirrors. Best of all the large bedroom has a huge floor to ceiling picture window looking out over the Empire State Bldg, the Chevron Bldg and Grand Central Station. At night we turned off all the lights, turned the arm chairs around and just gazed over the awesome skyline spread out below us. I must say the staff at the UN Millenium seems genuinely warm. They always recognized us and greeted us by name. Also out front are security TSA agents and bomb sniffing dogs. I had a grand time making friends with the dogs, and it made me feel very secure to know that all those beefy cops were guarding the entrance. The lobby is odd, and needs to be updated. The floor is highly polished green and white marble, the walls and black with chrome and scads of bare lightbulbs. Also lots of mirrored surfaces. It can be a little too much like a fun house; confusing and disconcerting. The lobby furniture is under stated and elegant; I hope that they tone down the lighting to match this. The pool and health club have awesome views of the East River. You can jump on a treadmill or eliptical machine and work out with floor to ceiling views of the East River. The pool is lovely and features insane views down the East River. It is kind of Sixties retro decor with a black, chrome and aqua motif. I loved our renovated room in the West Tower, but I felt that I owed it to you folks to check out the East Tower, so I got a key and looked at a room. The rooms in the East Tower are somewhat dingy, not nearly as nice as the West Tower. They smell musty and the wallpaper was filled with holes and are marred and banged up. The views over the East River should be sweeping and grand, but the windows are much smaller on this side, so you can't lie in bed and just glory in the view. We like to walk so we walked the four long blocks to Grand Central Station. The neighborhood is wonderful to walk around, and if you have an over active imagination like I do, you can assign a mysterious diplomatic connection to everyone you see on the street. The Millenium UN plaza was a joy, and an adventure and I can't wait to stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>365daysofsun
<Content>Rooms okay, but Noisy I had high expectations after reading the reviews and I'm afraid my experience at this hotel didn't quite match up. It's extremely noisy. Lots of street noise as well as noise from the families trampling up and down the hallways. The rooms are very clean and fairly well appointed. The staff is also very friendly. The food at the free breakfast is not good at all, so that was a disappointment. There is a shuttle that's part of the Anaheim trolley system and it picks up in front of the hotel every 25 minutes. This property would be good for large families who need a suite style room and don't mind the considerable noise.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Stay...no matter what anyone else said       Hall closet...  
<Date>Dec 22, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Stay at the Millennium UN Plaza Hotel! The Millennium is a great hotel located 15 minutes walking distance from 5th avenue, and 20 minutes walking distance from Time Square. The hotel was clean and the room great! Everyone I spoke to before booking my trip complained how typically small NY hotel rooms are. The Millennium broke the mold, because the room was trendy and I would not use the word spacious, but it was very comfortable. The standard room had a king size bed, desk, chair, and sofa! The best thing is the view; the lowest floor room is on the 27th floor! The room I had was on the 30th floor with a view of the river and city that were spectacular! My only complainant if I had to find one was that the room鈥檚 Internet connection did not work, but who cares! I did not come to NY to surf the web visit this cool city, see the sites, and enjoy their great restaurants! For an inexpensive breakfast or lunch I highly recommend the Comfort Diner located on E. 45Street between 2nd and 3rd Ave.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>BobandDebyT
<Content>What a view! My wife and I spent a couple of days in New York and stayed here at a great rate (the MOMA package). We had a room on the 40th floor facing mid-town, the staff came very clsoe to what we requested, which is a fabulous view. The room was spacious and very comfortable and had a nice marble bath room. Breakfast at the Ambassador Grill was great, especially the fresh fruit. My wish list for the hotel would be that our view would have been so much better with wall to wall windows instead of the single floor to ceiling panel in the middle of the wall - very nice, but it felt a bit like looking out a portal. There are a few nitpicks not worth mentioning as for us this was all about the view and comfort of the room. Enjoy!  
<Date>Dec 19, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>ignore the bad reviews! I am a travel agent form the uk and myself and a friend stayed at this hotel for 5 nights over thanksgiving.I booked this hotel after reading many reviews on this and loads of other hotels.I was very wary as lately there have been some terrible reviews of the hotel but i think that if you request a room in the east tower which is the renovated tower you will be fine, at the end of the day if you are not totally happy with your room you only have to ask to be changed!As advised on trip advisor we had requested the east tower and we got just that!Our room was very spacious 2 big comfortable beds nice furnishings and the bathroom was pristine.The view was out of this world in fact i think we probably had the best views of any hotel in new york.Our room overlooked the chyrsler building and the empire state building if you want the same thing ask for the east tower and a room with a west view.Smoking and non smoking rooms are available aswell.The room had a walk in wardrobe with an iron and ironing board and the bathroom had a powerfull hairdryer.If you are going to the states dont bother taking your hair straighteners or curling tongs they won't work very well with the voltage,we bought a pair of straighteners over there.A lot of people have complained that there is a fridge in the room but it is locked,thats true but you just need to ask at reception for the key!We emptied the mini bar and put our own food and drinks in the fridge.Whatever you do do not order from room service or have anything from the mini bar its mega expensive,over 拢3 for a can of coke.whenever you order room service on top of the price on the menu you are charged a 15% gratuity fee and $2 pp in room charge, to give you an idea a pot of tea for one person was $11 approx 拢7 and then you always tip $2-3 dollars on top of that.Again many people complained there were no tea or coffee making facilities in the room this again was true but on our second day there i asked at reception and they told me to ring room service as they have a limited number of coffee/tea machines.This we did and within 15 mins a coffee machine arrived at our room and we were not charged anything for it.A few doors up from the hotel is a grocery shop which sells coffee,tea bags,milk, sandwiches salads etc and it stays open till around 10pm.As mentioned in other reviews we ate breakfast most mornings at johns diner across the road from the hotel the food was fresh tasty and reasonably priced.Another big plus about this hotel is the area it is in-quiet which is great we had a good nights sleep every night.Grand central station is honestly around a 6 minute walk from the hotel and from here you can catch a subway anywhere,times square around 20 mins walk and madison gardens 15 mins.If you find it too cold to walk you can flag a cab and they are not too expensive.As for people writing bad reviews on the gym i really wonder if we were staying in the same hotel or possibly the gym and pool has had a big makeover.The pool was warm and clean and had fab views and the gym was a good size for a hotel and all the equipment looked new and up to date, i use a JJB sports gym at home which is brand spanking new and to be honest the equipment in the hotel was almost the same as there.The staff were mostly polite and helpful we had no complaints.Frank the doorman was especially helpful.All in all we had a fantastic time in new york and i think the fact we stayed in such a nice hotel made all the difference.After visitng times square we were so pleased that we were not in a hotel in that area as it was so NOISY!If we go back to New York which i imagine we will we will stay at this hotel.If you are thinking of booking this hotel and you think its too expensive bear in mind you get what you pay for,as a travel agent i was aware of many other lower rating hotels that were a lot cheaper but i didnt want to go all that way and then have a dump of a hotel.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Jinnet
<Content>Millenium UN Plaza Excellent hotel - delighted with our 2 bathroomed suite. Like all of the other New Yorkers I met in our 3 day blitz, staff were unhelpful and abrupt. Seems to be the expected way to be there.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I'll be back After reading the tripadvisor reviews, I booked a reservation here for four nights (Oct. 26-30) with some qualms. I was attracted by the reports of quiet--a very scarce commodity in Manhattan but one that I prize. Also the rates--with my AAA discount--were (barely) acceptable. And then there were the much ballyhooed views. On the other hand, several users complained about disagreeable service and diminished room quality. Just returned, and I'm glad to say that the place lived up to its enthusiastic reviews. Room (on 34th floor, north side) was indeed quiet, had a great view. The staff were all friendly and accommodating. Heeding tripadvisor comments, I asked for and received a room in the new tower; it was nicely appointed. Very comfortable bed. The walk to the subway at Grand Central takes only 10 minutes. Walking is one thing I love to do in NYC; not a problem for me. Yes, the prices at the hotel's restaurant are outrageous. But there's no need to pay them. Again following tripadvisor advice, I ate breakfast in John's Diner, on the corner of 2nd and 44th. I also picked up some delicious take-out at the new Amish Market (nothing particularly Amish about it, as far as I could tell, except for the countrified decor), on E. 45th, just west of 2nd Avenue. Lots of tempting things to eat there. I should have brought a bathing suit, so I could have checked out the pool. Next time. Two things I would have liked that I didn't get: faster elevators in the morning (the wait can be very long), and a mini-refrigerator in my room (there was one, but it was locked). But those are quibbles. Next time I need a hotel room in Manhattan, I will book one here.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dd11
<Content>Loved it HI I am a travel consultant in the Uk and have to say that this hotel was fab We checked in at 10pm at night - tired after a long flight - got taken up to our room and were astounded to discover a fantastic view from our floor to ceiling windows - Chrysler  empire state building from our bedroom -some of the best photos we took were from our bedroom really excellent size room, nice bathroom - perhaps a little bit tired in the bathroom area and in need of a bit of TLC but clean and tidy and the biggest hotel room we stayed in in our 4 weeks in US would defintely go back  
<Date>Oct 27, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>reetta
<Content>Dull and worn-out After 6 nights in Upper west side cozy hotel Lucerne, we came to this hotel. We were attending to a big party, and since all the festivities were in the close neighbourhood, the guests were advised to stay at Millenium Un Plaza. There was a quite good deal negotiated for the rate.Whereas Lucerne was great and cozy and nice, this hotel was too big, too wanna-be-modern-but-ended up being shabby. The entryhall is full of mirrors, which might sound nice but the end-result is not that sophisticated. Room was BIG, and the view is great (be ware if you are afraid of heights!!). That's about it. I saw the paint flaking in many spots around the room, especially bathroom was very untidy and worn-out. The bed was good, and the closet is roomy. Staff was unfriendly. Neighbourhood is not bad, but it's not good either; All in all, this hotel is not so good quality.Oh, one of the luggage-guys was excellent. While dragging your luggage up to your room, he to gives you a comprehensive lesson about the neighbourhood attractions and restaurants and jokes with you; that was the only time I felt welcome in this hotel!!If you are on business, I guess you could stay here for a short period, but IF you are with family or on a romantic getaway, think again.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>stevehunt78
<Content>excellent views with very helpful staff We arrived at the hotel feeling pretty tired due to the flight, but once we got into our room we woke up.The view was second to none, a staff member named frank helped us with our luggage and gave us a map and pointed out some landmarks and gave us a detailed but quick brief on where to go how to get there ect... We was on the 38th floor, the very top, the lift took no time at all to reach the top. The only thing i can think of that could improe the hotel is to place Tea/Coffee making facilities into the rooms.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>NYCweekenders
<Content>Wonderful..... After reading the reviews -- I was a bit leary about staying at this hotel--BUT-- oh my gosh-- IT WAS AWESOME-- I was a first time visitor to NYC-we arrived early in the AM-- we checked in and - of course no rooms were ready-- as check in is not until later in the day-- staff was kind enough to keep our luggage for us-- Nicole identified that we needed a roll away bed-( I did not have to ask her)- this was waiting for us when we returned in the afternoon-- the view was awesome-- the room staff .....EVERYTHING WAS GREAT---the prices in the restaurant and room service were a bit high for me-- but most hotels have high prices in the food areaA reviewer at this site-- had mentioned JOhn's diner at the corner-- it was great-- good food prices and service.... also there are many deli/cafes around-- reasonably priced..BEWARE-- when we got off the plane a fella came up and asked us if we needed a cab-- of course we did-- after we loaded the luggage-- and got in I asked how much this would be-- so I could get my monsy ready-- he said 65.00 + toll fee I thought WOW-- but this is NYC and prices are high---- after talking to the hotel staff-- I found that that was 3 x the fee for airport to hotel -- ALWAYS USE YELLOW CAB- (which we did going back to the airport -- it was $ 22.90) this was a cab-- but it was a black car---- I learned a very expensive lesson.. I would love tostay at this hotel again -- but I cannot afford it-- It was a once in a lifetime trip-- my memories will have to sustain me....WONDERFUL VISIT ....  
<Date>Oct 24, 2005
<Rating>5	1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Think Twice We were greeted by an outrageously surly registration clerk. Our party of three rooms was split between the hotel's two towers, so each room visit meant 35 floors down one tower, crossing the lobby and going 35 floors up the other tower. The beds were rock hard. The rooms at the same rate were dramatically different in size, shape and amenities. Our room did have a spectacular view. The mini bar is not stocked by the maids, it's stocked later in the day by a second surprise visitor. The cost for two bowls of cereal, a juice and two coffees in the hotel restaurant was $45. The concierge was helpful. The rooms felt clean, albeit quite worn. Our room had pink spots all over the floor. The hotel is not especially well located, it is a jaunt from Grand Central station and a bit of a long cab ride from Penn Station. The area empties out on weekends and there are few restaurants to walk to. The first 30 floors apparently belong to the building next door so prepare for long elevator rides. Everyone had his or her hand out, and even ice requires hotel employee delivery. We noticed our tv audio was restricted to a very low maximum.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>PIXIEJO
<Content>Breathtaking Views!!! This hotel is good value for money. The rooms are huge for new york and the views from our room where amazing!!!This hotel is slightly out of the way but not by much...we were able to walk to most places and taxis are inexpensive anyway.I have been in New York quite a few times and this is definitely the best hotel I have stayed in when visiting and I will definitely be back!!!  
<Date>Oct 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>nann
<Content>I loved this hotel This hotel was great. The room was huge by any standards, and the view breathtaking. The swimming pool although slighty cold had beautiful views and it was amazing seeing the lights of the city as you swam around at night!!Will hopefully get the chance to stay here again!!  
<Date>Oct 11, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>card
<Content>Good Hotel, but some Reservations Two of us stayed for five days at the UN Plaza Millennium Hotel the first week of October 2005. We would ordinarily have stayed in a more centrally located hotel but we were meeting friends who previously had stayed at this hotel and liked it. I asked for, and received a corner room on the thirty-eighth floor. The view was spectacular and the room, with two full beds, was large and comfortable. Be prepared for dizzying mirror overload when you walk in the lobby and other public rooms of the Millennium. Everything - Everything ! - is covered in mirrors and reflecting surfaces. I don't find it attractive, but some expensive designer did, so who am I to quibble. The irony is that despite the abundance of mirrored surface throughout the public spaces, there was not a single mirror in the room itself. The bathroom, of course, is plastered in mirror, but it all becomes steamed up with use, and it would be nice to use a dry mirror in the room. In protest, I was tempted to shave in the lobby when this occurred.  The staff was friendly, and when we called on one occasion for some more hangers they were immediately delivered with a smile. Later, when we called again to have the safe opened someone came within half an hour. Maid service was unobtrusive and responsive during the entire stay. There is Ethernet Internet service in the room, but charged at $10 per 24 hour period, which on this occasion I shrugged off as I had gotten such a good rate on the room. Except for the food service, mentioned below, I can say the stay at the hotel was very comfortable. The beds are good, and their was very little noise either from outside or inside. The hotel is on the east side of Manhattan, directly across from the UN building, so the area is heavily populated by diplomatic staff and a good measure of security personnel as well. You will hear every language in and around this hotel. The area is a good one, despite being somewhat inconvenient to subways and a long walk to museums and shopping. The residential areas around are very nice, and there is a healthy scattering of restaurants and small grocery shops within easy walking distance. To our delight, we found some excellent restaurants nearby, including Jubilee on 54th Street (the hotel is on 44th St) and L'Impero in Tudor City, right around the block from the hotel. We also found a very nice small French restaurant called Deux Amis on 51st St, between 1st and 2nd Avenue nearby.  Above all, avoid any food service at the hotel itself, unless it comes with your room. In our case, it did not, and we were shocked at the heavily marked up prices for room service, breakfast and dinner at the Millennium. Believe me, I am from Miami, a tourist city, and I have traveled enough to know outrageous prices for food when I see it. The area around the hotel is loaded with reasonably priced, attractive restaurants nearby, and for breakfast you can't beat the Columbian coffee and take out food at small deli-grocery shops right next to, or up on 2nd Avenue a block away. You soon become aware that almost anyone staying in this hotel not on the UN dole is bringing in their breakfast each day. I will give the UN Plaza Millennium Hotel three stars here. It would be more but for the horrifying food prices and location away from so much of the cities transportation and shopping. And, what the hell, maybe a quarter star off for the little-shop-of-mirrors effect.  card  
<Date>Oct 9, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>COhotelcritic
<Content>quite sad       view from room  
<Date>Sep 25, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cfjd
<Content>Good View, Insulting Service, Bad Maintainence The view are incredible and it hosts numerous visiting diplomates.I have stayed here a few times because of its convenience to the UN, but the cost and faxt it falling apart and the staff more greedy then they are civil makes this visit my last for sometime. First several things in the room did not work such as the sink in ther bath tub, the high speed internet, the bath room light. The King bed was nice, but they used Queen size sheets on it? Second in the gym not only was some of the gym equipment not working, but the pool had been declared a health hazard by the Department of Health! And this is a five star hotel...abet in NYC where the stars are for dollars, not quality.The Ambassador Grill resturant is medium quality with a high-priced Sunday brunch that is about fifty bucks a person. The beef was chewy and tastless, possibly from having been out too long. The salads limited and not alaways fresh. The best items were the usual breakfast items that you can go to for five bucks in a dozen cafe's within walking distance. To add insult to injury the waiters add their own 20% tip to bill...after taxes!The front door staff seemed preoccupied, perhaps waiting for famous diplomats. One doorman opened the taxi door for me then disappeared leaving me at the curb with two large suitcases. The Concierge seem well informed when I asked him about a post office, but offered to get me Broadway tickes for three times the price saying the show was sold out when we got tickets for the same show, the same night at the half-price ticket booth in Times Square.While I was mesmerized by the view, I was utterly disgusted by the service, the food, and the facilities. Nevertheless, the view could make this place a good choice if that is all you are looking for...unfortunately I was looking for more.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>AndrewBSA
<Content>A great place to stay We read Trip Advisor reviews and this sounded like a good choice in a city with very low standards unless you are prepared to spend $500+ a night. We booked via Orbitz and got a great deal. However, having stayed in NYC many times, we still arrived expecting some problems or disappointments.There was construction going on outside, but as soon as you entered the hotel there was no noise. The lobby is small and was full of airline staff booking in, however we got checked in within 15 minutes and were given a 40th floor room with a fantastic view of the river. The room was huge by NY standards with a king bed and nice bathroom. It was in the unrefurbished side, so by the sound of other reviews we lucked out. We used the pool which was a good size and great fun, being at the top of the tower. We didn't eat at the hotel so we can't speak for the foodI can't believe we stayed at same place as some of the newer reviewers. They should definitely lighten up! The staff were all presentable and helpful and we were greeted with hellos and good mornings everywhere - not exactly a NY trait!So in conclusion - we'll be back!  
<Date>Sep 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Danny_Boyd
<Content>Great Hotel! This was the hotel I was looking forward to most over the whole of my trip! And it was a great hotel, but not worth the extra money!The views from the room were great, and the rooms were kept extremely clean. The rooms were a good size, but the bathroom was not exactly brilliant.The pool area was very nice on the 27th floor and the views from it were breathtaking.There was construction work going on at the front of the building but this never bothered us.The front desk staff were not over helpful, but the concierge man was very helpful.The prices in the restaurant downstairs were ridiculous and we didnt even go near the place.We found the location of the hotel quite good, although there wasnt many subway stations close by so it was often quite a walk to go anywhere.Overall the hotel was a very nice hotel, but I wouldnt go there again, simply because I think you could find a similiar hotel, for a cheaper price.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2005
<Rating>4	2	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutly perfect!!!! We stayed at the millennium in late august in 2005. We requested a corner room and received it. We also checked in at 11:00 in the morning and got a room immediatly when check in is 3:00 pm. We had beautiful panoramic views of the east river form one window and the empire state building from the other. We were greeted by a bellman who went out of his way to help us out. He brought us a map and all 5 of our bags. We had mentioned that we wanted a microwave, but they said they didn't have one they could give us. the next day they brought one up with dishes and a complimentary coffee maker. Everybody we dealt with went above and beyond. everybody was polite and the room was immaculate and beuatifully decorated. people were always available in the lobby to help with directions. I would definatly stay here again in a heart beat!!!!!  
<Date>Sep 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>perfect This hotel was perfect. Even though there was building work going on outside I havent a bad word to say about the hotel. The staff were very friendly and helpfull and everywhere was very clean. The views are wonderfull and it is perfectly located. I would definatly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good hotel for the price we paid We booked this via Travelocity and got a really good deal, about half the standard rate. For the money we paid the location was great, the room was averagely furnished (beds a bit small) but with a fine view of the New York skyline and the river. Staff were helpful when we asked for tea making facilities in our room which were not provided as standard. The hotel is within walking distance of all the main tourist attractions/Grand Central Station for access to the subway. If you want a good value breakfast, try John's diner, a hundred yards from the hotel entrance heading into the City, on the corner of 44th and 2nd Avenue.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Location Good but Beware My family (wife, 11 year old daughter and I) just came back from NY where we stayed at the Millenium from August 15 through the 19th. We had read the reviews posted on this site so we were somewhat prepared for what we experienced.Firstly, there was construction being done right outside the entrance of the hotel which was a little annoying. Next, the lobby is very gawdy with the mirrors and all. My wife went up to the desk to register but waited a good 7-10 minutes before finally being acknowledged. After registering, we took the elevators (behind the desk -- we were in the west tower which is not the refurbished one). The elevator was not air conditioned and uncomfortable (I guess they need to keep costs down). Our room (#3836) was large, but as expected it was a little shabby and out-of-date.The positives were: the view looking westward was fantastic, the AC did work, the room and bathroom were clean, the bed and pillows were good, lockable safe was convenient, received a complementary USA Today paper everyday, and closet was nicely sized. The pool was good way to cool off after a day in the August heat, although we were fortunate that we did have some fairly pleasant days last week. Views from the pool area were also fantastic. Location of the hotel was also good from a safey standpoint as well as its proximity to points of interest such as, Times Square, Theater District, etc., and access to transportation. As a side note, I must say that it was very easy to get around NY, at least the Manhattan area via public transportation which was very reliable and efficient. I recommend getting a Metra Card as soon as you arrive at the airport. We came into La Guardia and were able to get 3 weekly Metra Cards each with unlimited rides for $24 each from a Hudson News Stand vendor.Negatives were: the plumbing was bad (leaking faucet, stopped-up bathtub drain), not enough towels (only gave us two although we repeatedly requested a third -- I guess they need to keep costs down), thin bath soap was used up after one day but didn't get replacement everyday, the plate on one of the electrical outlets was missing, there was no coffe maker, no complementary snacks, the items in the refrigerator were expensive and judging from the accumulated dust, very old (I did breakdown and got an Amstel Lite which was very flat when I opened it), stains in the worn carpet, AC was very noisy, not enough hangers in closet, bathroom door wasn't hung correctly and kept swinging open, breakfast buffet is good but pricey, no WIFI internet access in room, the water in the pool was COLD! As stated by other reviewers here, the concierge was only available from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. I did get to ask him something our first day there, where the Morton steakhouse was as we had reservations there for dinner and he looked at me blankly and couldn't tell me. As it happens it was on 5th Ave. and 45th Street, 4 blocks west and 1 block north of our hotel.I guess, you could get really picky and cite other details, and after a week stay, some of those details tend to to gnaw at you, knowing you paid a fairly high price for the room, but, overall, the experience was OK. Everything is relative and you could probably get better in NY but will probably have to pay for it. As a corporate traveler, I've stayed at hotels better appointed than this one with better amenities, at $70 to $80 a night, but those were in Schenectady, Minneapolis, Alabama, etc., so can't really compare.We had breakfast almost everyday at John's Cafe just 1 block west and it is a good deal for a quick hot breakfast. ($16 for all 3 of us including tips). The Szichuan Chinese restaurant across the street is not inexpensive, but the food was very good and very well presented.They did provide us with a complementary breakfast buffet our last day there to compensate for our troubles which was well appreciated.Overall, the rating I've given for this may be misrepresentative (2 out of 5 or 40%), but I chose the one with the text that closely matched our experience, Okay, but some problems. It is probably more average than the 2 out 5 rating would suggest. I would probably look into staying at this hotel again and not rule it out automatically the next time we visit NY. Again, its location, while not being in the thick of things, is fairly ideal as a safe, quiet place to retreat to after a day's worth of sightseeing and shopping in NY.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2005
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Steve_and_Lorna
<Content>June tour visits...Millennium UN Plaza We stopped here on 23th June 2005 for 5 nights. The hotel is located on the East side by the river and about 10 minutes walk in what seemed like a good district to Grand Central station and from there you can get anywhere.We were very disappointed with this hotel. It was our most expensive hotel on the trip and if we hadn't read on Trip Advisor some months earlier about the refurbished block at the Millennium we would have packed our bags and left (Thanks TA!). We tried two rooms before asking if we could look at one in the refurbished block. They are significantly better, unfortunately we're not sure how you identify them other than to say if your lift block is behind reception rather than past the little shop then you're in the wrong block!The old rooms are shabby and the furniture is very worn, we'd even go as far as saying battered. In the new ones there is a modern decor theme and they feel much cleaner. However, that said they are poorly put together, clearly a very cheap and unskilled outfitter did the work.The views from the rooms are very good, there's no doubt. Swimming so high up with the Chrysler and Empire State buildings is quite an experience but even the pool needs some TLC much like the rest of the hotel.We really can't believe the rave reviews this hotel gets. The only thing we can think of is that you don't get much for your money in NY and it was our first trip here. Having said that we checked out what became our second choice hotel while we were there the 'Red Roof Inn' and it was much cheaper and easily as well appointed as the Millennium. Interestingly there were a lot of well dressed people and business people at this hotel which given our view of the hotel seemed a little odd, but in some ways it was reassuring.We didn't want to mention our first impressions of the guy on the desk but we will anyway. His suit literally had holes in the elbow and it looked like it had been ironed on a temperature that was far too hot for the fabric creating a bubble effect. Not the sort of impression we were expecting of a hotel that claims to be 4 star. While his appearance was an initial shock, it has to be said he was extremely pleasant and helpful in letting us view other rooms and finally securing our place in the refurbished block.We'd definitely try somewhere else on our next NY trip. It's a good location but let down by everything else. To put our review into context, this was part of our June tour of California and New York that included the following hotels, also reviewed on tripadvisor.Sofitel - Los Angeles, Best Western O'cairns - Lompoc, Travel Lodge Monterey Bay, Serrano - San Francisco, Wuksachi Lodge - Sequoia Nat park, Yosemite View Lodge - Yosemite Nat park, Furnace Creek Ranch - Death Valley, Aladdin - Las Vegas, UN Millennium Plaza - New York  
<Date>Aug 15, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great deal, great location We stayed at the UN Millennium hotel in Manhattan for six nights in August 2005, and had a great time. With our Canadian Automobile Association membership, we were able to get very reasonable room rates. The room was clean, comfortable and not too small, with great views of the UN building and the East River. The hotel is located across the street from the UN building, within a 10-minute walk of Grand Central Station, and a $10 cab fare from Times Square and Broadway.Highly recommended...I can't wait to go back!  
<Date>Aug 10, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great room, good price, Great location. We just returned from New York City...what an amazing place to visit! I decided to book the Millenium UN Plaza with hopes that the reviews were accurate (this was my first experience with trip advisor). The day I arrived in NYC, I walked into the mirrored lobby of the Millenium (wow that's alot of mirrors!), hopped into the elevator to the 33rd floor and was happily surprised when I opened the door. The room was clean, very large (considering it is New York), the shower was powerful, the AC was GREAT as it was over 95 degrees that week, and the service was good - after calling the front desk to tell them about the safe not working they immediately sent someone to fix it. The bonus was the pool - after walking for hours each day in extremely humid heat it was so refreshing to go for a swim. Also, the room was very quiet which was important to me. The hotel is in a great location for walking or catching the double decker tour buses right across the street and I can't forget to mention the doormen who were very helpful in hailing us cabs, storing our luggage the day we flew out, delivering our luggage the day we arrived and remembering our names. All in all, my friend and I were very happy with our accomodations and would highly recommend this hotel. Great experience. And thanks Tripadvisor for your help.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Relaxed with the Reflexologist! I went to the Millennium Hotel with my husband and absolutely fell in love with the spa/pool area! The view of the city was breathtaking! They also offer reflexology sessions; our practioner, Rose was wonderful! I would definitely recommend stopping by the spa for an afternoon break!  
<Date>Jul 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Mermac
<Content>A Great Stay Far From The Madding Crowds My daughter and I stayed at the Millenium from July 10th to the 17th. I combined business with pleasure as I was in New York to attend a conference. Our room was terrific with views of the East River as well as the Chrysler and the Empire State Buildings. The pool is large and heated (although a few degrees warmer would have been nice) They have a lovely ladies' locker room complete with hair dryers, shampoo, soaps, lotions, and dressing table, a sauna and lockers if you want to change and be on your way. Very nice workout room as well. The only real problem we had was the absence of the consierge. This being our first time in New York we had a number of location questions and in the absence of the consierge, the people at the front desk were not a great deal of help. It seemed that the consierge was there during the day, after 8:00 A.M. and gone before 4:00 P.M. Since I was busy at the conference for most of the day, there was no one available to suggest restaraunts or give directions. The room service was not the greatest either. We tried to order after 10:00 P.M. and were not able to. Other than that, we loved the hotel. The doormen were very pleasant and friendly, and we always returned to a spotless room. I would definitely recommend its location, close to everything, yet quieter than the other busier parts of the city. We had a wonderful stay and felt that the Millenium Hotel did an excellent job of living up to our expectations.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the UN Millennium!!       Millennium UN our room from the street  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TxTravelPro
<Content>Studio 54 Lobby but the rooms are just fine...       Lobby - Flower arrangement with mirrors all around it.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Former New Yorkers in search of hotel find happiness My cousin and I, former New Yorkers, planned a last minute trip to the city to visit an elderly aunt who lives in Queens. I searched the internet and read the reviews on this site before making a decision. The positive reviews as well as the hotel's location on the East Side (near the bridge and tunnel to Queens) were deciding factors. The hotel's web site showed a room with twin beds available for about $239. I decided to make the reservation by phone rather than online to make sure they reserved a room with two beds. During our conversation, I asked the reservation clerk if they offered a cheaper government rate (I'm a federal employee) even though I was not traveling on government business. He said yes, bring your ID, and you'll get the room for $200 plus tax. I requested an email confirmation, which was forwarded promptly. The next day I emailed Brian, the reservation clerk, asking for a room in the renovated tower with views of the city (per suggestions by viewers here.) He responded quickly and confirmed the room assignment request. Well, I must say we loved the hotel and the room (34th floor). Service was excellent. We were allowed to check in early (around noon). The room was contemporary, light and airy. Bathroom was splendid, with the best lighting I've ever seen (recessed behind a mirror, with a pinkish glow). A southwest view of the city, including the Empire State Building, was partially obscured by the adjacent tower. However, the mirrored glass of that tower reflected the city's lights at night, and it was beautiful. Our favorite hotel amenity was the fitness center. The exercise room, though small, has the best assortment of machines and weights that I've ever seen in a hotel, and they were in perfect condition. As others have mentioned, the room has views of the East River and Manhattan to the north. Some reviewers noted poor maintenance at the swimming pool, but it looked pretty swell to me. Even the locker room was attractive: marble walls, several shower stalls with dressing areas, sauna, free use of bath and shampoo products. Ask the desk clerk for towel and lock for the locker; no extra charge. The only drawback to the hotel -- also noted by other reviewers -- is the lack of cafe or bar. Both John's Cafe and the Bakers Dozen (no table seating here) are fine for breakfast, but I'm sure there are many other comparable places within walking distance. There's a good convenience store down the street from the hotel for snacks and beverages. We had a tasty, cheap dinner at a Chinese noodle joint on 2nd Avenue around 47th St. (12 bucks for two, no atmosphere.)Can't wait to go back.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Great Experience My honey and I (early 30s) took a trip to NYC for a weekend getaway (6/17-6/19). After reading several NYC hotel reviews I was very scared, to say the least, when it came to determining our lodging accommodations. Not to mention, my beau is very very VERY particular about hotels, especially when it comes to the cleanliness of the bathrooms. We wound up getting a rate of $219 a night for the Millennium UN Plaza. Pricey, compared to what I see some folks have paid for this place, but having booked only 3 weeks out..thought it was worth it. So now to the review:**LOCATION**Not too bad at all. Its 3 blocks from Grand Central and is a 10-15 min walk to Time Square. You can also take the S Shuttle from GC one stop if you don鈥檛 want to walk. The hotel is directly across the street from the UN, which was cool as that was one of the places we wanted to visit on this trip. The neighborhood where the hotel is located is very nice and quiet with a deli, market and a few restaurants very close. We felt very secure and didn't have to contend with the hustle / bustle and continuous horn honking at night which was a good thing when u're looking to get a good nights sleep after being dead tired from being out ALLL day in NYC. **HOTEL STAFF**We found the hotel staff to be very helpful and accommodating. Melissa at the front desk was quite patient when I called the morning of our check in to get directions to the hotel. We were allowed to check in to the hotel early (12noon) and were also able to have a late check out (2pm). Ana the Concierge was most helpful as was Ozzie the bellman. Overall everyone spoke when they saw us and were pleasant, not common of most New Yorkers.**ROOM 3420**When I first walked in the room I definitely let out a sigh of relief. I was pleased to see a normal sized hotel room, modern decor and the amazing view.....even from the door, which was magnificent. Overall, I'd give the room a B+ and here's why. There was a tear in the rug, the sofa in the room had nice fluffy pillows but looked a little worn on the cushions. Also, the ceiling when you walk into the bathroom could stand to be cleaned, it was nastly. The bathroom however was really clean and to the liking of my beau. It was spacious and bright and had no signs of mold any where :-).Overall, I thoroughly enjoyed the Millennium UN Plaza Hotel and would surely stay here again. If you're like us and a hotel skeptic.....you will be pleased with MUN. By the way, I was in the east tower which is supposed to be the renovated tower, so ask for that side of hotel. Have fun!  
<Date>Jun 21, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>WimdeWit
<Content>If only the swimming pool was maintained a little bit better       view from window 1  
<Date>Jun 15, 2005
<Rating>4	3	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>How good!!!!!!!! We stayed at the Millennium UN Plaza at the end of April 2005 for a week. We got our room upgraded on arrival to a suite and it was beautiful!!Our view out our bedroom was the Crysler and Empire State Building which was amazing!!!We visited John's Cafe for breakfast and the Bakers Dozen, both are just a two minute walk from the hotel and the food was brilliant.The town centre is just a 15 minute walk and there are plenty of nail bars on the doorstep. Just be careful because we went to one and were offered a massage which they ended up charging us for which we didn't expect!!!There is a chinese restaurant straight across the road which is quite expensive but the food was lovely.All the staff at the hotel were very helpful, especially the concierge with helping us to locate all the best shops!!!We would definately stay there again!!!  
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>well impressed       View from the room  
<Date>Jun 8, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>easter break in new york city Stayed at Millenium UN Plaza hotel over easter period. service very good Rooms tastefully decorated, clean, spacious and had a great view. We were on the 33rd floor (which had been recommended by another person on this site previously). We were about five minutes walk to the start of the shops, and bars etc. If you like shopping then you'll love NYC. Johns deli was just a few minutes walk from UN Plaza and was cheap for breakfast, Johns Pizzeria (up Times square) - ask anyone when you get that far - that was a nice restaurant. Able to walk from Ground Zero up to our hotel, took a good few hours but allowed us to take in chinatown, soho, tribeca and the lower end of manhattan. We had a great time and would love to visit againDid not get time to see Central Park so maybe next time.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Squirrel19
<Content>Great views Stayed here 14-18th April and had an excellent room on 38th floor with superb views over the East River, could see for miles. Bathroom was well equipped - nice fluffy towels etc. We found the hotel staff very friendly and helpful. The location was fine as we enjoy walking but Grand Central Station is only a few block away for the subway if you want to get around quicker. If you want to visit the Empire State Building go early in a morning - its always busy but the queue is shorter! We would certainly both recommend and stay at this hotel again if in New York.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jansindc
<Content>Comfortable -- Good Location I booked the Millennium UN Plaza Hotel over the Memorial Day weekend. The room was comfortable with an excellent view of the East River. The hotel is a three-block walk to Grand Central Station, so it is convenient to most subway lines. It is a bit longer walk to the shopping districts on Madison and Fifth Avenues, but not too far. There are several places to eat or get food in the neighborhood besides the in-house Ambassador Grill, which is expensive. The Amish Market on E. 45th Street just off 2nd Avenue that has lots of fresh groceries, pastries, etc. The Columbus Bakery on 1st Avenue between 52nd and 53rd has a nice, moderately priced breakfast. Had dinner one night at a very good Spanish restaurant, Alcala, on E. 46th Street that was excellent.There is a fair amount of security present because of the hotel's proximity to the UN complex. The Iraqi ambassador to the UN was in residence during our stay, so we had a mixed Secret Service-New York Police detail outside the hotel most of the time we were there.  
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>dalangdon
<Content>not bad, but..... I stayed in this hotel on the weekend of 5/13/05. The lobby was really tacky, but the desk staff was excellent. The room was huge by NYC standards, and had a great view, but was somewhat worn. The AC didn't work, and a call to the switchboard promised that someone would show up, but they never did - but since the windows opened, it was no big deal, (and actually quite refreshing to have a nice breeze in the room) All in all, I was quite pleased with the room and the rate - you would go far to find a better accomodation for such a price in this location - but there were some shortcomings. In my book, they weren't too bad, but it's worth reporting.  
<Date>May 24, 2005
<Rating>3	5	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>GoNat44
<Content>Great Views-Friendly Doorman We stayed here May 8-11. Felt very comfortable as a gay couple checking in (two women-1 king bed-you do the math). The doorman Bob was so nice he acted like he had known us for years. We had a corner room on the 40th floor, lots of windows. It wasn't one of the re-modeled rooms but it was very nice and large. The walk to Grand Central was nothing, there is a Starbucks on 3rd  Lexington, very close. I would definately stay here again.  
<Date>May 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>firsedge
<Content>Absolutley superb room and service         
<Date>May 8, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>tbdbitlbuckeye
<Content>Fabulous hotel with the class of New York My friend and I came to New York for a week last year and we were most impressed with the Millennium UN Plaza. If you want a friendly staff, excellent views, the most comfortable beds in the world, a huge bathroom, and a modern place to stay, this hotel is it!I've seen some reviews that the location is bad. It's not at all! Five minutes takes you to Grand Central, buy a Metrocard pass for the week (usually 14-21 dollars) and just take the subway shuttle that goes back and forth between Times Square and Grand Central. You can be in the heart of Manhattan in 10 minutes while only walking about 3 or 4 blocks. My friend and I planned on getting up every day around 10, but the beds were so comfortable that earliest we could get up was noon. The pillows are the best and the sheets and mattress are so comfortable that you don't want to leave. I would recommend taking the Coach USA shuttle to and from the airports. Only costs about 10 bucks, and it will pick you up and drop you off at Grand Central station. If you have a lot of luggage, just have the front desk staff or airport customer service call up Super Shuttle that will take you right to the front door of your hotel for $14. I recommended this hotel for the WV delegation to the Republican National Conference in August and they ended up staying here. Anytime I go back to New York, you can count on me staying at the Millennium UN Plaza Hotel. Book it online and get a great rate  
<Date>May 2, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>alanprior
<Content>fantastic views Stayed here for 4 nights 14th to 18th April on our first visit to New York. Everything from the reception staff downstairs to the pool on the 27th floor lived up to the billing on this site. The room was large and clean, the bed was large,the bathroom large and the view was massive!We overlooked the East river, Empire State Building and the Chrysler and could see all the way to downtown.We had breakfast at Johns Diner which was great value for money with endless refills of coffee all for about 拢3-4.The location was perfect for us, we had intended to stay near Times Square but after spending 15 minutes there one evening we thanked our lucky stars we were staying somewhere a bit less manic!!All in all for $179 per night this was one of the best hotels I've stayed in.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing Views, Even From the Pool Lobby is quite outdated, but rooms have amazing views and the hotel is in a good location.Don't miss the swimming pool that's high in the sky with a perfect view of the Empire State Building.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Views! Stayed at this hotel in Jan/Feb just after the cold snap in NYC. Our room was on the 34th floor with spectacular views of the Empire State Building and the Chrysler Building. Very spacious rooms, if a bit dated. It was my third time in NY and I will definitely be going back to the UN Plaza next time. All staff were gracious and the doorman were especially friendly.They arranged a Lincoln towncar to take us back to JFK for $60 - a cab would have cost us a lot more. I cannot recommend them highly enough as the views really made our trip.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	2	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Unbelievable free upgrade After our recent wonderful experience here, I almost want to give a bad (ha ha) review to the hotel to keep it open for myself!Seriously, here's what happened. We checked in very late. At the desk, I mentioned that I read (on this website) that rooms in one tower had been refurbished, and could we please have one of those. The night manager said of course, but after looking told me that there were none available, but instead he would give us a free upgrade to a suite (we had only booked a room with two beds.) Naturally I said great. The rate would be unchanged -- $189 a night.But I had no idea what a luxurious set of rooms the suite would be! Yes, it was a tad shabby around the edges (after all, it WAS in the tower where rooms hadn't been remodeled yet), but when you get a suite with TWO beautiful views (one toward the U.N. tower and the East River, the other toward the Chrysler and Empire State Building), two full baths, a kitchen, about 50 mirrors, 30 drawers, 3 television sets, 3 telephones, 2 refrigerators (including the minibar) etc. etc. etc., one can only be overwhelmed! Also, the artwork, which consisted of the most beautiful framed samples of silks and other types of embroidery and other fabrics from around the world.The neighborhood is, of course, wonderfully interesting and safe. The hotel personnel were helpful and very courteous. World class!I don't think we will ever stay in a nicer room in New York. We were in #3631.(P.S. We only had dial-up Internet service. This old tower is wired for Ethernet, but it was not working. There were several notices posted at the desk and in the room that the problem would be solved soon. The local call was not free -- it worked out to about $5 an hour. Also, the breakfast buffet in the restaurant was pretty pricey -- about $25)  
<Date>Apr 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic place, Fantastic hotel Fantastic stay at the Millenium UN Plaza. Stayed on the 37th floor with views out over the East River - absolutely beautiful at night. Cannot fault any of the staff, check in was quick and painless and the doormen were always very helpful. 5th Avenue/Times Square were a 10 to 15 minute walk but if you don't mind walking then it flies by as theres so much to see.Nice big room with lovely, comfortable bed and nice clean bathroom.All in all a wonderful stay and highly recommended!  
<Date>Apr 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>IrelandJetset
<Content>spacious rooms We stayed in this hotel from march 14th to march 20th 2005. The room was modern, clean and spacious. The bathroom was clean and well equipped. There was lots of storage space in the large wardrobe and a safety deposit box was supplied. We stayed on the 29th floor in the east tower and had spectacular views of the city. The reception area was impressive and the staff were helpful. The restaurant was expensive so I would suggest eating at one of the local deli's for breakfast or lunch. I would highly recommend this hotel and would stay there again. The only negative point would be the location. A taxi costs from $4-$7 dollars to Time Square, but you could walk there in 20 minutes if you wished.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>etheria
<Content>Great Weekend Value Stayed at the Millenium this past weekend and was well impressed with the friendly front desk staff and room decor/ cleanliness. Could have paid a lot more for a hotel with much less quality. Parking in the garage was a bit hectic as the staff there was a bit aloof. If you check out right at noon on Sunday you may have a line. Great 24 hour convenience store on 2nd Ave nearby.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rockyroad
<Content>Effortless. Check in took all of one minute. Oversize pillows and plenty of them.Large size room compared to other hotels in NY. Indoor Pool just redoneon 27th floor overlooking 1st Avenue.Views of East River spectacular.I've paid twice the amount for this level of comfort and service, and that'swhy I've stayed here 4 times.Parking garage attached to hotel, enter from2nd Ave or you'll have to go around the block. World class steakhousearound the corner.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lovelylynda
<Content>walking from the millenium un plaza i had heard this was far from everywhere how wrong, but it does depend on your walking abilitycentral station 5 mins time square 20 mins , we walked everywhere got the occasional taxi but this was frighteninghotel is smart out room was nice/ mini bar high charges/s pool good if needed and sauna / door staff lovely i found this hotel very company fiedas lots of people booking in for overnight work stays and I felt as I was in a officethe deal we got from a travel agent was 500 pounds for 7 nights for 2 so it was a good deal johns the diners good very noisey and very busyopposite the un so you can easily visit there for 10 dollars  
<Date>Mar 13, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>jillellen80
<Content>excellent hotel, excellent time My mother and I stayed here in the middle of November and had a great experience. I agree that the hotel is rather far east, but you get to experience different things than if you stayed smack in the middle of Times Square. The rooms are truly lovely, and the views every bit as spectacular as the other reviewers said. I recommend John's (a little cafe with Greek and American food) on 42 and 2nd Ave.. Great service, great prices. The weather was terrible, I had been in December and had great luck, but cold fronts happen. I would also suggest getting a taxi on 1st. ave., not at the hotel, not enough traffic when the cabs are busy. It is a fairly long walk to grand central, which is the subway stop that the hotel uses, but not too bad. If the weather had been better I would have enjoyed the walk.Fabulous!!!!!!  
<Date>Feb 24, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Views and Quiet Having stayed on the Upper West Side, and Midtown Central twice we thought we'd give the East Side a try. Was concerned about distance from subway lines but not a problem walking to Grand Central. Views from hotel are outstanding. No need to go to the top of the tower anywhere when you can enjoy a drink in your own bedroom with all Manhattan at your feet. Great benefit was to be able to open window for some fresh air. Even better was the lack of noise. Area was very, very quiet at night. It was more residential then I had thought. Just a few blocks away the noise of Lexington Ave would have kept me up all nite. Only downside is the furnishings are a bit worn in the West tower. East tower was recently renovated (three years ago) so stay on that side if your picky. Never went to John's but did go to Amish Market on 45th for great fruit and pastries. Good food but the cashiers are a bit curt. Oh well...you can't have it all. Would recommend this hotel to anyone who's been to NY once before and doesn't mind a walk to the subway.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>will come back Looking for a hotel for 2 couples for one night turned out to be difficult with The Gates in town. Tried Priceline, Travelocity, Expedia, etc., all to no avail. We wanted something in Central Park South or mid town east areas, but all hotels wanted two night min. Somehow I found -----,  voila! two rooms for $159 each. I called UN Plaza immediately to confirm it,  all was set. Requested non-smoking (no problem), that the rooms be close together (no problem),  king size beds - problem, because we got room through discounted agency. Okay, one night in queen size... no problem.When we arrived (noon Saturday), our rooms weren't ready yet,  when we came back, they gave us a two bedroom suite! I guess the hotel was full,  this way the sold two more rooms, since we wanted to be close to friends anyhow, so could share room.We have stayed there several times. A priority is quiet rooms(!!!!!!!!!!!!!!),  not to hear neighbors discussing breakfast, etc.,...  this hotel allows for that. The rooms up elevator behind reception desk are the best, newer ones. The ones up elevator by pool seem older  more tired, but okay, too... Front desk is on the ball, polite,  showed respectful warmth.Good luck!  
<Date>Feb 21, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wwmaw02
<Content>A Room With A View And More!! We stayed in this hotel from Feb 11th - 14th 2005 and it was an excellent first class hotel.Firstly I arranged for Champagne  flowers to be in our room on arrival. This was done via email, and when we arrived there it was all laid out as promised. After reading the reviews on this site we requested a room with a great view and boy did we get it. In the SE corner of the hotel on the 32nd floor. This corner of the hotel gives the best of both worlds, you have got views of the Empire State and Chrysler buildings. You are looking straight down 1st Avenue and beyond to the southern most tip of Manhattan. From the other side of your room you have views of the UN Building, the East River, Roosevelt Island and beyond as far as you can see across Queens  Brooklyn, WOW!.The location is also great, 5 mins walk to Grand Central Station, and 10 mins to Times Square, despite what some reviews say on this site this is really no hasstle as it is a pleasant walk and from these to locations you can get to anywhere you like on the NY subway ($7 unlimited travel all day with a metro card or $21 for a week!). When we return we will certainly be staying here again.Eating in the hotel it self is very expensive. As we did not eat in the hotel I am unable to comment on the quality. However taking the advise of many other reviews on this site we just had to visit Johns on the corner of 44th Street and 2nd Ave, you walk past it on the way to Grand Central, we had an excellent breakfast for two, it cost around $15. Also not to be missed for an authentic NY breakfast is the Bakers Dozen on the opposite corner, Bagels to die for, eat in with the locals sitting looking out the window down 2nd Avenue. With coffee and extras on the egg  bacon bagels it came to $9 in total. There are many excellent restaurants to try. For a great steak try Rose Malone鈥檚 @ 50th street and 7th Avenue, recommended to us by the locals.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Room With A View I stayed here from 1st-4th, Feb, 05 with my girlfriend on our first trip to New York. This hotel is wonderful, one of the best in New York i'm sure. We had a room on the 40th floor - as high as the hotel rooms go!! We had a direct view of the chrysler building and the empire state building as we lay on the bed looking out of the window!! Incredible. The room was imaculately kept and the bathroom was impresive. The bed was comfortable and was maid up daily, around 10.30 ish. The pool is located on the 27th floor, with views not quite as spectacular due to it being on the other side of the hotel, but you can't have everything! The staff were excellent and if you need some assistance, the door man Robert is a perfect gent and very knowledgable about New York. The location is good too. 42nd and 1st (i think). 5 mins walk is grand central, 10 mins walk would get you to 5th ave shopping. I would stay here again tomorrow if i could!  
<Date>Feb 8, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Waht a view This is one of the best hotels i have ever stayed in, and what a view!!! It was superb. If you are going to New York for the first time then the view is awsome. The only thing i would change is the location. It was just that little bit to far from anywhere (apart from the UN!!) It was very clean, the staff were more than friendly and it was worth every penny. (Just be careful there isn't a big function on the the UN though as i got caught up in it all, and caused a few problems!!  
<Date>Jan 27, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Decline in Quality Stayed at hotel many times and had good times. But stayed over for Four nights in January 2005 and found that standards had fallen. Room had very worn fittings and fixtures. Housekeeping was bad and often after many telephone calls the room was not made up until after six in the evening each day. Restaurant food of poor quality and never hot and over priced. Wonderfull Views of the City Skyline or River and Great Location. Would think again about staying at the hotel or sending anybody their again.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Nice Hotel Stayed in the hotel from 29th Dec until the 6th Jan.No complaints about the hotel, got a deal for $180/nite on hotwire.Really nice hotel,clean,nice atmosphere. We didn't really eat much in the hotel as we were out all the time. TImes Square only a 10-15 min walk away.We didn't mind walking anywhere but it is not as far away from the centre as some reviews lead you to believe. If you dont want to walk, it's very easy to get taxis anyway.The bed was really big and very comfortable, the view was great aswell.We were on the 31st floor. To get views of the empire state building/chrysler building,ask for a room in the West tower.All in all i would definitely recommend it and i would stay again.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PDDNOSMom
<Content>Very Nice We stayed overnight to celebrate my husband's birthday, taking advantage of a special rate we found on Travelzoo. When we arrived, our car was searched before being able to park but this is to be expected I guess, being so close to the UN buildings. One inconvenience - you cannot bring your car back to the building parking lot past 11 PM if you take it out. They send you to another lot after those hours so do keep this in mind. Very lovely lobby and gracious reception desk. We got a spacious corner king room on the 31st floor with a mini bar, a great view and almost no noise from surrounding rooms. The bathroom was rather large as well. We used the exercise room which was reasonably well equipped. The only complaint I had was that there was no coffeemaker in the room - that would have been nice for first thing in the AM. The hotel is on the far East Side - you will do a lot of walking or using other transportation to pretty much everywhere. But if you don't mind that, I'd recommend this hotel, especially if you get a good rate.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Superb hotel This was my first visit to the big apple and the Millenium plaza was a great hotel to base our stay.The staff were always pleasent and helpful,and the view across the east river from our room was incredible.Would recomend anybody who is planning to visit NY should stay at the Millenium Plaza.Phil Gray.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Hotel Stayed in the hotel in the run up to xmas this year and absolutely loved the hotel. The staff were friendly and the views were amazing. The room was very spacious and always clean. We paid $200 a night for Sat - Mon night of xmas week, which I considered quite reasonable. 5th avenue shopping is about a 15-20 min walk away, and broadway is only 5-10 mins in a taxi, so it makes for a good base to explore manhattan! Would definiely stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>munchkin
<Content>Great Views Abound The previous reviewer and I stayed at the Millenium at about the same time, in between the holidays. Sounds to me that the bellman must have been Robert, he was outstanding, as was all the staff. We arrived late in the evening, and the staff was very accomodating. The view from the 35th floor was great, the room large and airy. I think the furnishings appear to be outdated, but no matter. If you want a coffee maker, ask for one from the front desk, they'll send one up. For the fitness nut, the exercise room was great, you can ride a bike while looking at a wonderful view of the east river. I'd stay again in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wendigo
<Content>Millennium UN better than The Plaza My husband and I stayed at the Millennium UN Plaza hotel only 2 nights, Dec. 17 and 18, before we checked out and went across town to stay at the famous Plaza Hotel with a group of friends. The Millinnium UN Plaza far exceeded The Plaza in accommodations, friendly and efficient staff, and VIEW!We had a room on the 36th floor, with a terrific view of the East River, 1st Street, and much of the city. The room was very large and the bed was huge and very comfortable. Nice big bathroom, although the plumbing was a little old and we had a few minor problems with the drains in the shower and sink. Nothing major, though. Huge closet, lots of drawer space.Upon check-in, we had a porter bring our bags up to our room, and he was very helpful in providing suggestions about how to get around the city, even pulling out our in-room map and marking the location of the closest subway and highlighting the various attractions in different parts of town to let us know what we might enjoy seeing and doing. SUPER! We discovered we had no TV remote control and after a call to the front desk had a remote delivered to our room within 5 minutes, and the bellman even stayed to make sure it worked with our TV.We enjoyed the hotel's location, although it was a bit far East Side, but just a short walk to Grand Central to catch the subway, and the bellman was happy to flag a cab for us as well. We enjoyed the fact that there were lots of little pubs and restaurants around the hotel for a quick bite, as opposed to busy, huge, theme restaurants in some other parts of the city.All in all, a great stay, and we got a very good deal on price. I would definitely recommend this hotel!  
<Date>Dec 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Britishclaire
<Content>Great hotel, fantastic views! We stayed for a week from December 12th and were not disappointed by this hotel. We found all the staff to be polite and courteous and our room was lovely. We were on the 34th floor and had great views uptown and towards the east river - exceptional at all times of day and night. The room was very quiet indeed and our bed was huge and really comfortable. We liked the fact that it was slightly away from Times Square as we were there at a busy time of year. Grand Central, where you could get the subway to most areas, is a 10 minute pleasant walk away, and the other attractions were mostly within easy walking distance. There are always taxis outside and buses on 2nd Ave. Johns is great for breakfast -just down the road and the deli on the corner sold pretty much everything you'd need day to day. We didn't use the pool or gym -too exhausted - but both looked good, if a bit small, and had amazing views too. 2 tiny negative points - check your bill thoroughly when you leave. They'd tried to charge us for a $140 trip which we didn't take but sorted it out quickly and courteously. Also, would have liked tea/coffee making facilities in the room. I know you could get them from room service but it would have been nice. Overall, a great stay. This hotel and the views really helped to make our trip so enjoyable. Would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>ttennison
<Content>Great stay! I read about the Millennium UN Plaza on this site before my husband and I went to NYC for the Holiday Season experience (12/9 thru 12/16/04). I obtained a lot of accurate information from this site. The hotel room's view was unbelievable. We could see the UN building, the Empire State Building and the Chrysler Building from our window (which opened for great photos). Bathroom lighting was exceptionally bright, which I appreciated. Rooms are nice size for NYC. Room was too warm for us, but hotels are often too warm. It was a very safe area. Never felt afraid on the nearby streets. Took the advice of several people who posted notes about John's Cafe a block away from the hotel. We ate breakfast there 6 of our 7 days stay. Reasonably priced, good hearty breakfasts. --- By far one of the highlights was Maria, who was friendly and efficient while she waited ALL the tables in the restaurant.One person on TripAdvisor mentioned smoke odor coming thru the bathroom vent. It did smell, but was not unbearable, this from an ex smoker. We are pickier than non smokers about smoke smell. But it would be an improvement if they could remedy that odor.All in all, it was a great place to stay.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great View!!! We've just got back and stayed here for 5 nights for my 40th Birthday. It was our first time in New York, which was fantastic and this was partly due to this lovely friendly hotel. The view from the room is unbelievable and the staff were so helpful on every occasion. It's only a 10/15 minute walk to Grand Central Station and worth being away from the madness of Times Square! The area felt quiet(er) and safe and we are now saving for our next trip!Also John's on the corner of 44th St and 2nd Ave is a great place for breakfast!I would definitely stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>EasyPleased_7
<Content>Great room. Great view. Nothing else. We spent ages browsing the internet looking for a place to stay in NYC. Eventually went for the UN plaza. After a long journey, we arrived late and tired at the hotel. The receptionist had no pleasantries to offer, she was barely polite. Then we had to carry our own bags up to the room. Not a great first impression.The room was very big and clean. The view was fantastic...really superb. Didnt tire of it over our 5 day stay.The service wasn't bad, just non-existant. The doorman occasionally said hello but we felt like no one who worked there had any idea who we were. Even less conversation from the receptionist on check out.(Carried bags down too) As we had pre-paid, perhaps they thought they had our money already so we didn't require any extra effort.The room was good and the view fantastic. I guess we'd stay there again but only if we got a really good deal. Otherwise, I think we'd spend our money elsewhere in the hope of seeing an occasional friendly face and the odd good morning.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I've stayed here almost three months Millennium UN Plaza Hotel(A Copthorne Hotel)New York City (Midtown East)This four hundred plus room hotel is located on the 28 through 38 floors of a sky scrapper that is across the street from the United Nation鈥檚 headquarters. Its most impressive feature is not the bright uptown or East River views, but its courteous staff. With very few exceptions, the staff is well-trained, well-informed, helpful and polite. One exception is the reservations staff, who are disappointingly less-than honest. One named Naldi tired to charge us almost twice the corporate rate that had been negotiated for the room鈥攁nd made this decision half way through our stay saying we could leave or pay the higher rate. She then promised three times to provide us a written justification of the higher rate that we could provide to the entity that had negotiated the rates, but she never did. The other exception is the housekeeping staff. One housekeeper was sitting on our bed watching TV when I walked in one day. Another one cursed at me when I asked her to change the bed sheets, after she did not do so for five days. Despite the exceptions, the staff qualities are rare exceptions in New York City hotels even among the most expensive and luxurious. Of course you pay for the privilege of being treated politely with rates starting at US$250 and rising past the US$1000 mark. The rooms are a good size, well-appointed, and vary between lighter more modern furnishings to those of the diplomatic wing which are darker and more traditional. Standard rooms with two large double beds or a single oversized queen bed are available as well as larger suits. All of these rooms have comfortable desks and a couch.In late 2004, it still lagged behind many other hotels of its price range in that it did not provide any in room high speed internet service, but it was in the process of getting rooms online.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel!!! We stayed at the hotel for 10 nights during October 2004. Our room was located on the 35th floor of the west tower. The room was very large and in very good condition. The city skyline views were truly amazing, and city noise is minimal. The staff was very friendly and helpful, and we were allowed both early check-in and late check-out. There are great views from the pool, but the water is not very warm. Grand Central station is a 10 minute walk, Rockefeller center about 20, and there are almost always taxis waiting outside.John's cafe at 44th St.  2nd Av. is a great place for breakfast. There are grocery stores right near by.We would definitely stay at the UN Plaza again!  
<Date>Nov 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Hotel We stayed at the Millennium UN Plaza Hotel for 4 nights in October 2004. Our group all asked for renovated rooms, which we got. The rooms were clean, spacious, and modern, with spectacular views of the city and river. Seeing the Empire State Building at night from our window was absolutely breathtaking. The staff was good. It is a bit of a walk to Grand Central or Times Square but worth it to stay in a hotel such as this. There were always taxis available outside the hotel also. It was pretty quiet at night, and we felt very safe in the area. There is also a deli next door which has everything (coffee, breakfast items, snacks, etc) so even though there aren't vending machines in the hotel, you can grab what you need next door. I would highly recommend it, and would stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wow what a view!!!!! We stayed at the Millennium for a short break and were totally blown away by the views. After requesting a high room with city view at the time of booking (you can request city or river view), we were blown away to find we had the best of both worlds.On the eighth floor when I lay in bed, I had a perfect view of the Empire State building as if it were on just the next block, and to see the Chrysler building lit up at night from the same window was just fantastic!We had a great view out over the East River, U.N and all the way down 1st Avenue to the Brooklyn Bridge - awesome at nightFurther to this, the room was quiet, comfortable, clean and the bed was sooo comfortable!!A ten minute walk in a morning had you drinking in the atmosphere on the way to Grand Central - don't be put off just because it is not slap-bang in the middle of Times Sqare!  
<Date>Oct 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TNTravelChick
<Content>Good for the money I priced out all the good hotels in New York City and this hotel was the best price by a good chunck! It was well worth the money. They have a sedan to pick you up and return you to the airport for a reasonable amount and you are walking distance to Grand Central Station so it isnt too hard to get around. The view is great! The pool is on one of the top floors and has huge windows all around. We were the only ones up there and just soaked in the view. It was quite romantic.Could use some redoing in certain areas but we were very happy there.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Tough to find places this nice in New York, at at this price?       View from the treadmill in the gym! That's First Ave. to the right, looking North  
<Date>Aug 25, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>aaas
<Content>Don't Use Priceline I just had a very bad experience with Priceline. I asked for a four star room for $250 for six nights. I was assigned to this hotel. Then I found out that that room was available for $199 from the hotel website. After a long telephone wait, Priceline decided to refund me the difference. I called the hotel directly and found out that the first three nights were $33 cheaper.Priceline refused a second refund. The lesson...deal with hotels directly. I will be happy to answer any emails.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good stay in NY I stayed with my husband and 9 year old at the Millennium from August 13-16th. We arrrived early and were given a west tower room. It was tired but did have a mini bar and a mini kitchen. We went back down and requested to be changed to a east tower room. We were told to check our bags and come back at 5:00pm. The new room was on the 38th floor with views of both the city and the river. We could see the Empire State building, the Chrysler building and the Brooklyn bridge. The room was nicer than the first and had a sofa and ottoman. We visited the pool on the 27th floor. It is cramped and with 4 people doing laps and the families stuck in one lane, a little dissapointing. We paid $149 with 2 free drinks at the lounge....beware a soda cost $5.00 for not even 12 oz. We didn't use the conciege for anything...good thing since the station was always unattended. The staff was professional but we didn't use them for more than check in and check out. They did allow us to check out at 2:00pm instead of 12:00pm. The location was great with lots of local markets and resturants...We walked up one block to 2nd street and had breakfast at John's...it was reasonable and friendly. It also was quiet, glad I didn's stay closer to Times Square.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great deal, great hotel We stayed at the Millenium overnight with our two children, 6 and 8. The service was excellent, and the staff was very accomodating. Our room was perfect (I think they actually upgraded us at no charge.) We didn't have a view, but our room was a very nice size. We had three t.v.'s....one in the bedroom, one in the living area (which also had a bar with stools) and one in the bathroom. We usually stay at the Four Seasons when we come to NYC. With the kids, the Millenium is a definite 'yes' in our book.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good value in mid-town (east) Clean, modern 4 star (maybe 3.5 more realistically) on the East side of mid-town. I had a recently renovated room, which was of only acceptable size but quite nice in terms of furnishings etc. It is between 1st/2nd avenue, which is pretty far east. The compensation is the views, which others have commented on here as well.I got it for $160 on Priceline, which I considered a good value overall.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>colecole2
<Content>GREAT VIEW/VERY EXPENSIVE This hotel was funny. My husband called on one day and was quoted one price, and when he called to make reservations he was quoted a different price which was 100.00 more. When I checked online as to what the room should cost at discounted rates the average was 195.00. WE PAID $365.00 for one night. The service was not outstanding. The bellman was nice but the counter staff was rather miserable. The pool is small considering the amount of rooms and it just happened to be bumper to bumper children.At 365.00, I do not expect to find hair on the walls in the shower. Also my room must have been below a smoker room. And to those of you who once smoked and quit or just those of you who don't like the smell of smoke, you would have hated the smell. The smoke must have been coming through the bathroom vent. It smelled so bad that I was actually accused of sneaking a cigarette in the bathroom.We stayed in this room despite the nastiness because it supposively had the best view of the water and Macy's fireworks and after spending that kind of money (It was my 6th wedding anniversary) I was going to get that view.It did seem that many rooms did have water view and the reservation guy could have lied but I was to afraid to chance it.HOWEVER, DESPITE the NASTINESS THE VIEW IS SPECTACULAR. To your right you can see the empire state building as though it was right there as well as the chrysler building and to your left you can see the water and the UN. I found the bed to very comfortable an the AC worked very well.For the person really touring the city, the hotel is out of the way. On average to get from this hotel to the Village it ran about $8.00/ $10 after tip. I enjoy activities in Midtown and the Village so this hotel was out of the way for those activities. There are no trains close by. needed to take a cab to the nearest subway station. I am not sure if I would ever stay at the hotel again. It is cheaper to stay at a midtwn location such as the awesome TIME Hotel and purchase all you can eat and drink cruise tickets that are in the water and front row to the Macy's celebration...  
<Date>Aug 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SommerinTexas
<Content>A wonderful value in NYC We stayed at the Millennium UN Plaza Hotel July 16 - 19 and loved it. We got the hotel for $140 through Priceline, and it was such a value for our money. The views in the rooms are amazing. One entire wall is a window, and at night it is so beautiful to look out over the city. When we arrived, we requested a renovated room, and we got it. We were really pleased. It was very clean and modern. The people who worked at the hotel were friendly and helpful. There is not a subway entrance right outside, but seriously, Grand Central is only 6 or so blocks away, and it's a nice walk. You can pass John's on the way and stop in for a yummy, inexpensive bite of breakfast. Overall, we really enjoyed our stay.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a view! I stayed at the MILLENIUM UN many times and i have to say that its best feature is the breathtaking views you can get by staying in any of its rooms!No matter what side your room is located, you are going to spend a lot of time at the window, though the rooms in the corners are probably the best.A part from the weird mirrored and a little dark lobby, the rooms are very nice and contemporary furnished with also a nice bathroom with a glass-top vanity. I always found the rooms to be pretty clean (according to new york standards!) and my only complain if i have to say something not really positive is that sometimes the elevetors are incredibly slow and you can wait for it several minutes! The area is safe because the UN bulding is right in front of the hotel and the rooms aren't very noisy because the location is a little away from the caotic areas. The location though is a few blocks from midtown-action so you need to walk a little to get to an interesting shopping area like the 5th Avenue or to get to the nearest subway station which is 42nd st./Grand Terminal Station...it is anyway a place a would recommend!  
<Date>Jul 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very decent midtown hotel I recently stayed at the UN Plaza for a rather extended stay of 5 nights. Overall, I was pleased. My room was one of the modern rooms and I absolutely loved the simple, comfortable decor. Lovely bar area and I was just floored by the walk in closet. This was a standard room, mind you (no suite)! The lobby and restaurant were lovely but their interior designer seemed to be infatuated with mirrors and it can be kind of like a fun house, especially in the dimly lit Ambassador Grill. As has been said previously, VERY quiet part of Manhattan but a short walk to Grand Central, Times Square, and beyond. My only dissapointment was with my view. If you are in the East tower, absolutely do anything possible to avoid an 01 room. I thought my view of the adjacent tower was pretty acceptable until I visited a friend's corner room on the same floor and was absolutely shocked by the breathtaking views. Again, STAY AWAY from an 01 if the view is important to you.Overall, it was a deal at the $200 I paid and I'm reading here that people Pricelined it for half that price. It's WELL worth it!  
<Date>Jul 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>wonderful once we were in the new part I stayed here with my mum and brother for ten days on the 26th nov last year. Our first reaction when we saw the hotel and lobby was one of awe until we were shown to our room. I was so dissappointed the room was old, shabby drab and the bathroom left a lot to be desired so i went down to complain i was so happy i did. We were given a room on other side of hotel and it was nothing short of amazing. It was new, modern, very comfortable and the bathroom was spotless and the views were spectacular. We had an excellent view of empire state building and the city at night i was thriiled. I found the staff very cooperative and friendly and the amenities wonderful, we also felt really safe in the area of the hotel, I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ryan.W
<Content>Affordable first class accommodations In a world of accepted mediocrity it is nice to get a surprise of good service. The Millenium UN Plaza was just that. From beginning to end the hotel staff were very pleasant and accommodating. Check-in/check-out was a breeze, valet and bellmen service impeccable, maid service thorough and unobtrusive and the bartender/waitstaff at the Ambassador Grill were super-efficent. The rooms were very modern with outstanding views. If I was forced to offer a criticism only two things come to mind: no ice bucket in room and no ice machine on my floor, and elevators were somewhat slow. Otherwise an outstanding first class hotel at a reasonable price in a nice neighborhood.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Buben
<Content>For the price ($140), an excellent value My husband and I stayed here from 5/13 to 5/16 for a long weekend. We got the room from bidding on Priceline. All the rooms have great views, and for a New York hotel room it is extremely spacious. Our room had a king-sized bed, a sofa, a writing desk, and plenty of room to walk around, with a great view of the Chrysler building. The staff was extremely friendly, despite our many requests at check-in. Only some rooms have high-speed internet access, so check ahead if this is important to you. Although this is ranked as a four-star hotel on Priceline, it is certainly not the Ritz; the bathroom, though clean, was a little shabby. However, for the price we got, this was a great value, and the hotel is really very nice. The location is also not bad. It is far east side of midtown, but we took cabs many places, and it is not that expensive. We'd definitely stay here again.  
<Date>May 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kencar
<Content>Loved this Hotel! We stayed here for 3 nights May 3rd-6th. and were more than happy. The lobby was very welcoming, all mirrors and brass. Our room on the 28th floor was very spacious  clean. Only downside.....no tea/coffee making facilities in the room until we asked at reception. then they sent only a coffee pot plus coffee with the tiniest jug of milk, barely enough for 2 coffees. Never fear, there is a small supermarket a few yards away which sells everything, just unload the mini-bar for your own things! The beds were really comfortable, good seating area plus good lights. The views were amazing...we watched the sunrise hitting the Chrysler building, wonderful. We tried the swimming pool only once but found it a little regimented for our taste. Stray out of your lane at your peril!!! We found the walk to Times Square fine, not too far out as others have said. Go see Grand Central Station  be wowed, if you're lucky you'll catch a busker for a great free show. Go down into the subway for even more free entertainment, we saw a group of boys break dancing, amazing! We never did get to 'Johns' for breakfast but it looked good...just not enough time. We plan to return to NY again and will certainly stay at this Hotel. GOOD LOCATION. VERY PLEASANT STAFF. CLEAN COMFORTABLE ROOM...What more can you ask for? Enjoy! (TIP...Don't buy show tickets before you get to NY. Buy them at the kiosk on Times Square at half price. We did and always got the shows we asked for, every available show is on an indication board  it looked like EVERY show was available.)  
<Date>May 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Rude, Disorganized After flying into New York and going to check in, I was rudely informed that my reservation was actually for the night before, and that I could not stay there. Odd considering the flight and hotel were booked together. I was left without a place to stay for the evening. Beware of this hotel and the disorganization and rudeness of its employees. I strongly recommend avoiding this hotel at all costs.   
<Date>May 19, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic hotel We stayed at the Millennium UN Plaza for 5 nights at the end of April. After reading the reviews on here we were both very impressed. Our room was on the 35th floor facing away from the centre towards one of Donald Trumps buildings, the views were still excellent, we did want to stay in a corner room but the hotel was fully booked during our stay. The room was lovely, very modern and clean and the bed was very comfortable. The bathroom was very spacious and clean and covered in mirrors. We visited the famous John's Place and the chinese across the road which were both great. We also saw a film being made with Nicole Kidman and Sean Penn, across the road at the UN, which was very exciting. Our holiday was amazing and I didn't want to come home. The only downside was the hotel isn't located very centrally and the nearest tube station in Grand Central station, so be prepared to walk. If your looking for a lovely hotel in a really safe part of town choose this one!  
<Date>May 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Views, Great Location We stayed recently at the Millennium Un Plaza during a weekend break in NY. I'd read the reviews posted here and was hoping I wouldn't be disappointed. I wasn't. We were accommodated in a room on the 38th floor, and the views were spectacular. It was just fantastic to return every night to such splendid sights from out of the window. The only let down was the room being a little rough around the edges and the bathroom a bit tired and old. We found the hotel staff welcoming, the atmosphere in the hotel was very relaxed, and we made use of the pool and sauna, which was a real bonus for two stressed-out workaholics. We didn't use the Ambassador's Grill Restaurant but a glimpse at the menu showed very reasonable prices and appetizing dishes. The bar was fun and good for night caps. Overall, we really enjoyed our stay and would definitely go back.  
<Date>May 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Good We booked two rooms for my wife and I and our two grown up children for five nights from the 11 April 2004 based on the reviews on this site (and of course the price). This was our second trip to New York, mind you the first trip was 25 years ago, but the first for the kids. We had rooms on the other side of the hotel on the 35th floor,i.e. not facing the Chrysler and Empire buildings but found the views terrific, even though for two days we were above the clouds. The rooms were very clean and not a bad size with no noise problems and only minor scuff marks on the wall near the main door.The hotel was pretty busy, mainly it appeared with air crew and U.N./business people, and the staff were very helpful although amazingly they all struggled to advise the best place to buy a mini IPOD. They kept insisting I wanted to buy a tripod - it must be the accent. The hotel is in a good, safe spot, slightly off the beaten track however this can be a bit off putting when you have walked yourself into the ground as we did. Tip - if the other half suggests it would be a good idea to walk to Battery Park ignore her/him and get a cab, my back has still not recovered.As others on this site we had breakfast each day at the nearby Johns, excellant value, friendly service and good free entertainment listening to New Yorkers on their way to work. As for New York what can you say other than take a stool with you if your foolish enough to accompany your daughter into HM, Gap, Banana Republic etc else you may lose the will to live. Can't wait to go back, but not in another 25 years or else I will have to be pushed round.  
<Date>May 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>trientalis
<Content>Wow! We booked this hotel because it was a deal- it turned out to be amazing. Haveing stayed in many exceptional places, the room was top notch. The lobby is a bit weird, but our modern room had excellent lighting, windows on two sides that overlooked the entire city, and nice velvet pillows and great beds. Plues- this area is very safe at night to walk around because of the UN and security. A great deal.  
<Date>May 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>"Great" BUT MAKE SURE YOU ARE IN THE NEW SECTION!!! My wife and I stayed at the Millenuim U.N. Hotel from March 19-21, 2004. We booked it on hotwire for $140 a night, which we figured was pretty cheap for a 4 start hotel in NYC. We were impressed with the location and lobby, but when they took us up to our room, we were shocked! The lobby smelled and room looked like it had not been updated since 1970. It was old, musty, and completely outdated. My wife and I were very disappointed. So, we went down the front desk and complained. Thank God we did! They changed our room to the otherside of the hotel, which is new and completely updated. The room was 180 degrees different. New, great view, clean, and an excellent and comfortable bed. I would definitely stay here again, but make sure they put you in an updated room!!!! Otherwise, forget it!  
<Date>Mar 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wicked stay My boyfriend took me to New York for my 18th birthday. After a very very long trip (we are both scared of flying) and catching the bus into New York at ruch hour we could wait to get to the hotel. We got in a minibus that took us to many other hotels first and when we turned the corner to the UN Millenium it was like magic.Hotel is gorgous. Minibar is stocked up all the time. Free use of the swimming pool was great. Its close to many attractions including a breakfast cafe, an IRISH bar, a liqour store and a KFC. It was also very close to Grand Central, Chrysler and Central Park.The only negative points were the prices to eat in the resteraunt. We payed $50 to eat to horrible small meals. Also when we got home my partner had been debited ?300 from his card that the hotel had taken for insurance reasons.....??!!However we got it back straight away and looked forward to heading back to this hotel every night. It is the 'Dogs B*****s'.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic hotel Stayed at this hotel for 4 nights from the16th feb 2004 and can honestly say it is a fantastic hotel with very friendly staff, always willing to help.Had a room on the 40th floor, facing downtown with a great view out of the window of the Crysller building and the Empire state, go for the 40th floor for great views.Went in the swimming pool and you view the Un building from there.Good place to eat(went every morning) is JOHNS PLACE for breakfast,cheap aswell.Had a meal in the hotel one evening and was very impressed, well worth a try.Overall a great hotel,good base and would definately stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing View, Great Room Thanks to Priceline paid a rock-bottom $100 for a 30th floor room, king bed. Only stayed one night, but saw no signs of aging other posters saw. Room was immaculate and, for a nice change, furnished modernly. Could even open windows (increasingly rare in a high rise). If needing to be in the mid-town east region then go for it. Might be too far east for a general trip.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The view was fantastic Really pleased with the hotel. We were on the 34th floor, and were lucky enough to have a corner room. FANTASTIC views of Long Island, the East River and 2nd Avenue.The room was very clean, smart  modern. And unusually for New York large and airy.The location is the only thing that holds this hotel back, its quite a hike to the nearest subway - so Taxis are the only transport really.Loved the hotel, and the staff were very friendly.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great base for all attractions We have just got back today from a four night stay in this Top notch hotel. All the staff were friendly and helpfull. As it was my birthday whilst we were there we were given a corner room overlooking the east river, Queens and Brooklyn. It was amazing in the morning to wake up and watch the sun come up over the skyline, then nip down to the swimming pool to have a dip then relax in the sauna before the days onslaught of things to do. The local Johns cafe was all we had read about, with friendly service and cheep food. there was also a 24 hour deli who would deliver to your room, and no one will bother you if you have things delivered. For english people the subway can be confusing as you have to make sure you enter the right platform when using a all day pass, because we not only once but 2-3 times got onto the wrong platform and were then locked out for the next 18 mins. As has been said befor dont touch the mini bar or snack basket, but also we would advise that you sort out your mobile phone as the phone calls from the hotel are expensive. but this is normal for hotels. If you are looking for a secure hotel you cant get any better than this. with being a stones throw from the UN building all the stops have been pulled out to keep the area safe. We did a lot of walking, but Taxis are cheep and plentifull, and just think of hailing one down on times square before going back to relax in the hotel. Cant wait to be able to afford to go back to this hotel again.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>English visitors to new york We stopped in this hotel January 2004 Our room was 2737 on the 37th Floor, a corner room with panaramic views over midtown manhatten. From our room we could see the Empire State building and the Chrysler building as well as the East River. The hotel was quite plush, all the staff were very helpful. The room was quite small but clean and tidy. The food etc in the hotel was quite expensive by New York standards but it was an excellent base for sight seeing in Manhatten. The nearby 'Palm Too' restaraunt serves excellent steaks (if a little pricey) and the local bars were full of character and very friendly The location of the hotel meant that Macys, Bloomingdales, Empire state building ans central park were all within easy walking distance. We had a great time in New York and will definately return.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the UN PLaza Have just come back from a week New York and stayed at this fantastic hotel. Although it was absolutely freezing, we had an amazing time! We stayed on the 35th floor and had breathtaking views of the Empire State and the Chrysler building. The night views are just amazing! Hotel room was neat and tidy, just a little dusty- but the bathroom was clean. Room was cleaned to a high standard every day. Hotel is in a great location, a short walk to Grand Central Terminal.There is a fantastic chinese restaurant across the street called the Sichuan Palace which delivered to our room after our long days exploring the city. Food is amazing, we lived on the prawn curry  rice for days! I will definately be going back to stay there and I cant wait! But next time I'll be going in the summer!  
<Date>Jan 31, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Highly recommended - Dec 2003/Jan 2004 I stayed in this hotel for a week with my g/f. We were both very impressed by at is we paid just 拢80 a night for our stay. We were on the 38th floor, looking out over East River with fantastic views of the Empire State and Chrysler buildings and of lower Manhattan stretching down into the distance. The views at night down to lower Manhattan out of the room window were stunning and we were able to get some fanastic panoramic photos from the comfort of the room. Avoid the snack basket and mini bar, the prices are extortionate. The hotel don't pester you if you bring snacks and drinks from outside the hotel anyway, so get them from the shops in and around Midtown. This is a great base to explore NYC from. Close to most things and the subway is very accessible for getting down to lower Manhattan to see the other main things outside of midtown. Highly recommend Cafe Metro for breakfast and The Olive Garden italian restaurant in Times Square for dinner in an evening, or Applebees for a grill. Saw a Broadway show at the Plymouth Theatre - Taboo by and featuring 'Boy' George o'Dowd - fantastic! Only cost 拢25 a ticket too, so don't believe you can't get good VFM on tickets for Broadway (that was direct from theatre box office by the way, not from the TKTS booth where you queue for ages).  
<Date>Jan 9, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tiev
<Content>Nice Hotel, But needs updating The Millennium UN Hotel was nice, but needs some serious updating. I was in a one bedroom suite and the furniture was old and some of it chipped. The room was also very dark and almost dreary. When I checked in everything in the mini-bar was warm, and I called to have it fixed. Service was very quick but the repairman informed me that a whole unit was needed and it would take several days to get this accomplished. His suggestion was to call room service for ice. I cannot believe that there was not an extra minibar in storage, but ok. Then the shower was another whole mess. There was no liner in the shower, so everytime we took a shower the bathroom floor became a small pond. I informed the front desk of this, and it never got fixed. The view was beautiful although, overlooking the east river possibly. Livingroom was well appointed for entertaining, had a couch and two chairs. There was also a dining room table. The nice part was that there was also a half bath. So my girlfriend could use the master bath, while I shaved in the other half bath. Staff was courteous and nice, but could have paid more attention to detail. Overall I would return, but maybe ask for an updated room if there are any.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it Loved it Loved it My 16 year old son and I stayed at the Hotel for 7 nights and found it an excellent and enjoyable stay.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nice place, bad workers I went to New York to stay for the weekend, something important came up and had to go back home the next day. the manager wanted to charge me the whole weekend instead of one night stay. she didn't want to explain and was avoiding me. the only way to solve my problem was to bring in the NYPD. Everything settled.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location, great views   showReview(1030712, 'full');   
<Date>May 28, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place for the Price   showReview(992456, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Aeolus
<Content>Great bargain great room   showReview(933147, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 12, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Millenium Plaza 7/10   showReview(909846, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 8, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Needs better cleaning!   showReview(860208, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 22, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great   showReview(837758, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 16, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never Again!   showReview(827786, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 24, 2002
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel    showReview(725086, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 27, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic value for 5   showReview(702104, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 24, 2002
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Millenium Hotel bargain   showReview(645156, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 1, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>phiphidon
<Content>tres belles prestations   showReview(23199226, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>francoise94
<Content>excellent hotel   showReview(22859425, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>zentral und doch ruhig - empfehlenswert   showReview(20550881, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Galau
<Content>Bel Hotel mais...       Vu sur le bulding UN  
<Date>Sep 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	1	2	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Aussicht auf den Hudson River   showReview(20550880, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>unbedingt empfehlenswert   showReview(20550879, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel magnifique !   showReview(20550882, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sans h茅sitation j'y retournerai   showReview(20550883, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Lavi81
<Content>Vista splendida   showReview(19743716, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	2	4	-1	-1	

<Author>stefanonic
<Content>Ottimo Hotel, ottima posizione   showReview(19651348, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ottima posizione   showReview(20550884, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Carlos1711
<Content>Al techo de New York sin pagar aparte   showReview(19606450, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>VERTIGE
<Content>Semplicemente favoloso!!!   showReview(19557762, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>OTTIMO RAPPORTO QUALITA' PREZZO   showReview(19629918, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Posizione ottima, vista super   showReview(19629916, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lesteff
<Content>super hotel pour visiter New york       c incroyable  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Mein bestes Hotel in New York   showReview(19629913, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Id茅al pour ceux qui cherchent confort, calme et proximit茅 du centre ville   showReview(19629912, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo hotel   showReview(19629911, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo Hotel   showReview(19629909, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>De nombreux services tr猫s agr茅ables dispens茅s par l'hotel   showReview(19629907, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>chambres avec vue...   showReview(19629910, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(19629906, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Klasse Lage   showReview(18525159, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Vacanza a New York   showReview(18525157, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel tout confort   showReview(18525158, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Une tr猫s belle surprise!   showReview(18525156, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Komfortabel mittendrin und mit fantastischem Ausblick   showReview(18525154, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>inadadi
<Content>Un h么tel tr猫s agr茅able.       Chambre standard 1  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(17427555, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sch枚nes Hotel mit sehr gutem Concierge   showReview(17427554, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Jederzeit wieder   showReview(17427541, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sch枚nes Hotel in guter Lage   showReview(17427540, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tolles Hotel auch f眉r l盲ngeren Aufenthalt...   showReview(17427539, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>jederzeit wieder   showReview(17427538, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Ausblick aus dem 36. Stock   showReview(16594377, 'full');   
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(16594378, 'full');   
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>TeWero
<Content>Wirklich empfehlenswert......!       Hotelzimmer Bild 1  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	5	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gutes Hotel, gerne wieder.   showReview(16594374, 'full');   
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gerne wieder   showReview(16594376, 'full');   
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>une vue exceptionnelle   showReview(15571256, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Lage - toller Blick 眉ber die Stadt !   showReview(15571255, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel fantastique 脿 recommander   showReview(15571252, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tres tres agreable bravo   showReview(15571257, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Mieux que ce que nous attendions   showReview(15571253, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sehr zu empfehlen   showReview(15571251, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Beste Aussichten   showReview(15571246, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(15571245, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Eine gute Wahl   showReview(14736266, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr zu empfehlen   showReview(13979488, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ociosu
<Content>Muy buen Hotel. Merece la pena.       vista desde millenium plaza UN  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MatthieuBordeaux
<Content>Tr猫s bon rapport qualit茅-prix   showReview(10586029, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel Exccellent - Reception un peu froide   showReview(11304466, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tolles Hotel   showReview(11304467, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11662650, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Wir w眉rden jederzeit wiederkommen   showReview(11662649, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ohne Abstriche weiter zu empfehlen   showReview(11662648, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>luckyhacky
<Content>Es war echt in Ordnung       Zimmer mit 2 Fenster  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>super sistemazione   showReview(11662647, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>babu78
<Content>good value!   showReview(8603048, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	2	2	3	

<Author>biancaStrasbourg
<Content>Magnifique !!!! Un tr茅s bon souvenir       La chambre 2  
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Hotel!   showReview(11444259, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sanchezDonostia
<Content>Un magn铆fico recuerdo   showReview(8397802, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Aussicht die begeistert   showReview(11493398, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>war alles bestens!   showReview(11428903, 'full');   
<Date>May 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sympa pour pro comme perso   showReview(11411743, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Dommage   showReview(11411742, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Ainiloban
<Content>Bien pero algo antiguo   showReview(7202637, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	2	2	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un hotel moderne en face de l'ONU   showReview(11394071, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellente 茅quipe... et aussi les pancakes   showReview(11394070, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Atemberaubender Ausblick, jederzeit gerne wieder   showReview(11398529, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉熴儸銉嬨偄銉犮€€锛碉籍銉椼儵銈躲€€銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(19160087, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 25, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bon hotel   showReview(11385155, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Fedeland
<Content>Una gran experiencia   showReview(6132829, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo Hotel ma abbastanza datato   showReview(11333712, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Pour un 1er s茅jour 脿 Manhattan : excellent endroit !   showReview(11333709, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un tr猫s bel 茅tablissement   showReview(11329913, 'full');   
<Date>May 26, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Room with a View   showReview(11329912, 'full');   
<Date>May 4, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Super Confortable The Millenium UN Plaza       Fotos desde el Millenium  
<Date>Apr 23, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>superbe   showReview(4131797, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈裤偆銉犮偤銈广偗銈ㄣ偄銇繎...   showReview(19919011, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 3, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏈€鎮仹銇欍€傘伨銇氥€佺┖娓?..   showReview(19918021, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 30, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇ㄣ伀銇嬨亸閮ㄥ眿銇嬨倝銇櫙...   showReview(19917722, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 16, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

