<Author>ahs678
<Content>Amazing resort We went to Punta Cana last March and loved it so much we went last week again. I booked through a Canadian airline in September before it opened, knowing is was attached to the #1 resort on the beach. ( Colonial Elegance) The resort exceeded all expectations. When we arrived we got a wrist band that said  Majestic Resorts I asked if that meant we had the run of both resorts, bars, etc. Answer was yes. Not sure if all the guests know this because it isn't advertised and may not last. We could go there, but they couldn't use our resort , at least that was what I was told. So now we had 12 plus bars and the same in restaurants. The room was 1st class .. People on the beach who had been in Punta cana 12x said nicest room to date in Dominican. Very large, LCD tv, huge jaccuzzi, spotless. No issues . Sometimes had to run water 3 minutes to get hot, but always arrived. Those who complain probably didn't do that.Food was excellent. We only ate at the Colonial once, but if it's #1 and you can go there, what's with the complaints. And the food at the Elegance was 1st class anyways, so I would encourage anyone to stay in the resort. Staff is professional and friendly. Only rudeness I saw was from some impatient guests. They should be ashamed of themselves. These people work so hard to accomodate, but as we all know , you can't please everyone.Pool is great but a bit cool They should heat it In March we stayed at another resort and people lived in the pool on foam cushions because it was so comfy.Beach is great, but should cut back on space given to the adult only group. By the way, by going to this area you cut yourself off from the Colonial because you have a band that keeps you only at the Elegance. Apparently it's a separate entity. So you get to be at the ocean with 1/2 the options for more $. If you want adult only, just go to an adult only resort. Personally even though it was a 2 person getaway, I love to watch families enjoy life. To me it's one of the 7 wonders of the world.Goes with the package.So in summary. First class place attached and an extension of #1 resort on the beach , so go figure why it isn't #2. It will be if it isn't #1 in a year or 2. Construction is well done. Stunning lobby and lower plaza. Top notch staff. Great food. Nice fitness center. Would recommend highly. I almost want to apologize to the resort for some early negative reviews, in case they scared people away. Even when I read them I knew to disregard them because it's an extension of the #1 resort in Punta Cana (yeah I know thats repetitive) and it would take a month or 2 to get rolling. Well people, it's rolling.Try it out.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Jessica019
<Content>4 Star that will be a 5 star in a few months!! My husband and I stayed at the Majestic Elegance from December 28th - Januaury 4th. After reading some of the reviews I think some people completely over reacted to the severity of the resorts problems. When we initially arrived at the hotel we were greeted with a smile and were pleasantly surprised at how much the hotel resembled the pictures in the travel brochures. We checked in at about 2 pm and were told our room wasn't ready so we headed to the Seaside restaurant for lunch and upon returning to reception our room was ready. At first, our room's shower was not completely finished, but after making the front desk aware of this it was immediately attended to. Other than that our room was gorgeous. I have stayed at many resorts and never have I had a room that was as nice. Two nights when we went to shower there was no hot water, but once again after calling the front desk that problem was looked after. These types of problems are very common with a new resort and hopefully they will have these glitches worked out sooner than later.All of the restuarants were great with lots of selection. You could always get something made on the spot. The only down side to the main buffet was that none of the food was labelled so at times we had no idea what we were getting into.The beach was incredible. We could walk in either direction for miles and walked the beach everyday for at least an hour. The pool was also great and went on forever. Some people complained of the pools temperature, but it was nice and refreshing amidst the hot weather. Go here with a relaxed attitude and you will have a fanstatic time!  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Mgambro
<Content>Potential is there... We arrived New Years to the Elegance and were concerned about all the negative reviews. This was our first trip to the Domenican and so we didn麓t really know what to expect as a standard as our reference points are trips to Jamaica and the Mayan Riviera.It appears that there are a few sections of the hotel that do have a lot of problems with the rooms, so its really a matter of hit and miss depending on where you are assigned. We got 2 rooms - in one of them the air conditioning was not working that well. The other problem we had was that the elevator did not work a few days we were there (we were on the 4th floor and did not mind walking up and down the stairs but I am sure this might be a problem for a few folks. It appears that the rooms in the buildings closer to the beach were the ones that were rushed during the opening and are the ones having most of the water problems. As most people have stated, there is not much the staff can do other than move you to a different room if one is available. The Bahia was oversold by about 200 rooms during our week so a lot of people were being moved here.Food was okay to very good... we ate at the buffet a lot, and found the japanese restaurant and the steak at the steakhouse to be very good.The workout facilities are excellent and in general the staff are very friendly.The beach was very nice, although was not as wide as the Colonial or the Bahia (next door). This hotel does appear a bit more upscale to the Colonial.Overall we had a very good time and I think this hotel has a lot of potential. I would however give it about 6 months or so to have the kinks worked out (however if you can find a great deal on the rooms I think it would definitely be worth it to stay here right now).  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>trip-together
<Content>Yes problems happen....but it is how the hotel managed them...shame....       room...just as advertized....very pretty  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>3	2	2	4	4	2	5	5	

<Author>WPGTanis
<Content>Paradise Found For my 40th birthday, my husband surprised me with a romantic one week getaway for two to the Majestic Elegance in Punta Cana. Needless to say, I was ecstatic and excited beyone belief to be staying at a brand new, 5 star resort - at least, I was until I read some of the earlier reviews on Trip Advisor. It seemed like everybody was intent on pointing out all of the difficulties of staying at a brand new resort. However, since spending my birthday week in DR at a resort with the most beautiful ocean property, lush accomodations, and friendliest staff I have ever seen, I have simply come to the conclusion that some people aren't happy unless they're unhappy (you know the ones I mean - they always can find something to complain about!). I wanted a chance to set the record straight.First off, I wasn't kidding when I said that the Elegance is set on the most beautiful beach I have ever seen. One day my husband and I went for a walk down the beach for an hour and a half one way, and as far as we could see, the white sandy beach had no end. It was always fairly windy, but that was pleasant because it kept us cool and comfortable. The water was generally wavy, but that made it more fun to bob the waves and body or boogie surf. As well, I had brought mosquito spray having heard about troublesome mosquitos, but honestly I only saw one mosquito during our entire week there.We stayed in a standard room with a king size bed and a pool view. Our room was amazing - it was the size of two normal hotel rooms made into one. All of the fixtures were funky and fun, and the only complaint I could make is that the toilets were extremely loud when flushed (I'm a light sleeper). And finally I found a resort with a truly comfortable bed. The sheets were new and crisp, and the towels were soft and fluffy (whenever my husband dried his face, he was covered with yellow towel fluff). Ah, new linens...There are five a la carte restaurants. Our favorites were the steak house (chateau briand - wow!) and the italian. The buffets had a great selection and one week was not enough for us to get bored of the menus. But the real jewel of this resort is the staff. We found so many of the staff bent over backwards to make sure that we were having a fabulous time. In the restaurants and at the bars, cleanliness was meticulous. Drinks were refilled often before you asked. Our housekeeper seemed to straighten up after us about four times a day (it was very cute, because she would arrange the bed covers slightly different every time she came into our room most likely so we would know that she had been there). One word of note - many of the staff are new to resort employment and are struggling to learn english. Although they will flawlessly ask, How are you?, they may not have any english beyond that. Instead of speaking slowly and loudly (this does NOT make them understand you), try to keep your responses or questions simple. Perhaps you can even help them learn a new word, because they are eager to communicate. I found smiling worked well :) I also need to mention the evening shows. They are breathtaking, and I was in awe of the performace skills of the entertainers. Some shows were a little hokey, like the Mr. Magistic competition (a contest of humiliation, but still entertaining). My favorite show by far was the Michael Jackson show. Or wait until you see Madonna doing Vogue at the music revue. The performers are incredibly athletic and talented - their dance abilities are incredible. They'll dazzle you with breakdancing like you've never seen before and seem to enjoy showing off their athletic abilities. All in all, this was the most beautiful and wonderful resort we've ever stayed at. There are a few new resort hiccups, but I found that they didn't seem to affect us. When our TV (big screen plasma by the way!) wasn't working, we phoned the front desk. An hour later we phoned again and after apologizing profusely they sent someone up who promptly fixed it for us. The landscaping is new, and although it hasn't filled in yet, it will be stunning as it continues to grow. About half of the guest rooms were finished (resort was at half capacity when we were there) and the rest seemed to be near the completion and setup stages, but we never heard any construction noise.It is useful to change your Canadian money into American money before you leave home. Although tips are unneccessary at this resort, I still brought a small stack of U.S. $1 bills and tried to show my appreciation to the staff. To me it's just a buck, but in their world it's a more substantial amount.My favorite things: the Majestic drink (try it!), the lobby bar before dinner (we met so many interesting people from around the world - literally!), the evening entertainment shows (Michael Jackson was the best!), walking along the beach, boogie boarding, all of the staff members, our new friends from Charleswood (if you're reading this then you know who you are!), the fitness gym, all of the neat ways our housekeeper made our bed four times a day (even if we hadn't used it)My less than favorite things: the appetizer at the French restaurant, the first 15 minutes in our room at the end of the day until the air conditioner got some of the humidity under control (all room power is on a motion sensor and it gets pretty warm when you 've been out for the hottest part of the day), speedo type g-string bikinis on mature men, having to come back home to winterSo to sum it up, you can please some of the people all of the time, you can please all of the people some of the time, and there are some people who will never be pleased unless they can find something to be displeased about. I was pleased all of the time, and I hope to return to this resort and see how it matures.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>KY_MUD
<Content>The Elegance is Excellent       How can you not want to be here?  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>dbjgex
<Content>Run!! Just returned from 7 nights at Majestic Elegance. If I had had my way, it would have only been 1 night at Majestic and 6 nights somewhere else. There are literally too many things to list that went wrong, but in short, do not expect the room you booked and paid for (in our case 3 Ocean Front Suites in the private Elegance Club), do not expect help from the desk/management, do not expect a 5 star property. When we were shown our three rooms at check in, not only were they not suites, there was not even an ocean view (rather disappointing when you paid for Ocean Front!!) We were promised that the next day our 3 suites would be available and not to unpack. Next day....surprise!...only 2 suites available despite their representation to the contrary and only one of them was ocean front (by the way, this was never resolved) I have been to over 15 all inclusive resorts throughout the Caribbean and have NEVER had such a frustrating experience as dealing with the Majestic Elegance. If you choose to ignore my advice and go to this resort, do not waste your money on the Elegance Club. The other rooms are just as nice and the private beach is anything but. For the sake of the wait staff and bar staff, I must say that their service was 5 star. They were courteous and helpful (this was a key factor in that alcohol was plentiful and necessary to tolerate the frustration from the management...maybe the service staff should run the resort...)In conclusion, I cannot recommend this resort. If you have already paid for your stay, look into a refund and stay at one of the many, beautiful and established resorts in the area. The Majestic Elegance is just not ready yet!  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>2	1	2	4	4	1	4	4	

<Author>Roch99
<Content>Never stay at a hotel that just opened Overall I would say the hotel has potential to be great. I would never stay at a hotel that just opened ever again. We thought we were safe because it was suppose to open in November, but they were still building rooms while we were there and many areas were not finished yet including the spa. Our room flooded the first night and it took them a while to come and fix it. It took them 2 days to fix the lock on our deck door. English speaking employees are minimal which makes communication difficult. The pool was very nice and it was easy to get chairs probably because they weren't full. The ocean area was also nice, but very crowded. Restaurants were okay, but the buffet was better unfortunatley. They had a dress code, but never identified what that was on the website. Men had to wear long pants to all restaurants and the closed toe shoes in the french restaurant. But, this was not always enforced. The calibre of the food did not fit the need for a dress code. Housekeeping - you were never sure if you woudl get towels and which size. Some days we would get face cloths other days not. They give you a passport with numbers and information, but some of it is misleading. For example, room service is open at 6am and the nuber to call it is not open until 7am. So how are you suppose to get room service before 7am??? We found out later we could have phoned the front desk. A room servie number shoudl follow the room service hours. Overall, I wouldn't say that this was a 5 star hotel and for the money we paid it wasn't worth it.We did however get exceptional serve from the bell man - Julio. When we first arrived he brought our luggage to the room, but explained the layout to the hotel to us - thank god becuase there were no signs. He actually went out of his way to give exceptional service, was very friendly and helpful. We requested him on the way home to get our luggage too. His english was very good and he was quite knowledgeable. He was worth every tip he received.One good thing was the room size - they were a great size.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>2	2	3	3	4	3	1	3	

<Author>wisperwood
<Content>Wanted a Vacation, Got Frustration In my years of travel (six countries this year) this is the first time I have felt compelled to write a review on accommodations. Returning to the Dominican Republic for a weeklong stay over the New Year was an exciting prospect and this new resort promised to exceed the experience of our previous trip. The joke that this hotel was five star was evident upon disembarking from our transport. Sorry this place was neither Majestic nor Elegant. During the frustration of trying to get our rooms, the woman at the desk informed us 鈥淵ou should not trust your travel agent, you should have called us directly.鈥?Are you reading this Travel Agents? It went downhill from there. We were lied to repeatedly, over the course of check in day, and the next, as to when the rooms we had paid for would be ready. We were told NOT to unpack and wait those two days to start our vacation. We never did get them.The problems with the room they stuck us in are literally too numerous to mention. My five traveling companions and I joke now that when we have any mishaps with future trips, this will be the hotel we compare all future problems to. My advice, if you can get your deposit back, rebook at another resort. Period.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>2	1	2	2	5	1	4	2	

<Author>harley6197
<Content>Not a good Experience Resort just opened in October of 2008. This should have been a signal. But we went anyway. Hotel is/ was not ready to open. Numerous mechanical problems.. TV's didn't work, Lack of hot water at all times. Power outages every day, No shower head installed in one of the three rooms we moved to. (When shower was turned on the water came thru the ceiling in the next room thru an open pipe in the ceiling that should have been connected to the missing shower head. ) Staff was totally overwhelmed, undertrained and really didn't understand or know how to respond to all the issues. Their response was to offer a 25 minute massage at the sister resort ( their own spa was not even built yet although they advertised having one.) if you released them from all responsibility. My main complaint was the fact that I paid for a one bedroom Suite but never got to stay in one for the entire 7 days. We were takened to one on the second night but it was missing an extra bed (which we specified upfront, had two non working TV's and of course had the imfamous no shower head and very flooded bathroom when we turned on the shower.) Most of the staff tried to be nice but generally was so distracted with the problems they were simply ineffective. I tried to turn in my beach towel one evening and the staff absolutely refused to take it. You could be having a focused one on one conversation with the staff and they would simply start doing something totally unrelated ( walk away, start another conversation with someone else, claim no english understanding, etc. It was like being with a group of puppies with a 5 second attention span. Give them a year or so to get the problems worked out before you go. I'm currently working on getting a refund for the difference in the One Bedroom Suite I paid for vs the room we actually stayed in. I will update the reveiw to tell you how that goes. It DID NOT go well at the resort so I'm working thru my travel Agency.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>1	1	1	2	4	2	1	2	

<Author>harryliz
<Content>Great Holiday! We just got back yesterday from a week's stay at the Majestic Elegance Resort. There was myself, my partner, my 13 year old son and 10 year old daughter. We were very happy with everything during our stay. The room was luxurious and if you check out the website the pictures are very accurate. Because we were a family of four and I didn't want my kids to stay in a room by themselves we originally booked a room with 2 beds. Our first room had 2 beds but they were only slightly larger than single beds and wouldn't have worked for us. We went back to reception and they were happy to accomodate us. We ended up with a room with a king sized bed which also has a small day bed/couch that my daughter slept on and they provided another single bed which fit in nicely where the couch was. Since there are many families with younger kids it would be a good option for them to have rooms with a king and maybe bunk beds or something similar - the rooms are large and can easily accomodate this set up. That was the only glitch of the week and was quickly resolved. The food at the buffet is plentiful and fresh with lots of choices. The restaurant at the beach also has daily breakfasts and lunches which were both very good. We ate at all the other a la carte restaurants. The steak house was excellent, japanese was fun with great food, italian was our least favourite but still very good. You have to get used to the somewhat slower and less efficient service at the restaurants - it's like that everywhere in the south so just accept it. We saw lots of people complaining about not getting their wine glass filled or their coffee first thing in the morning. Very stressful holiday if this gets you down! We were there over New Year's and went to the buffet for dinner. They went all out with the food - it was amazing!! The pool was fantastic, the beach was beautiful. We had perfect weather. The lobby bar and surrounding area is a great place to play cards, games etc. and they make really good cocktails! My favourite was the cosmopolitan! The entertainment is nightly in the theatre and all nights had great shows. I wanted a relaxing holiday and didn't really leave the resort. I was expecting to get a bit bored but did not at all. A very beautiful resort with lots to do, fantastic food and great service. We had a great trip!***One caution about the beach. . . if you like to walk on the beach there is an area about a 20 minute walk west where the ocean is quite rough. It is directly in front of a huge resort that is currently being built. We went in one day and body surfed the waves which was great fun. My kids went into shore and I followed about 10 minutes after them. By the time I went in the currents had changed drastically. I am a very strong swimmer and used to be a life guard so I know how dangerous water can be. The undertow from the waves was so strong that I could barely stand in 3 ft. of water. I was only a few feet from shore so managed to get in by getting 'surfed' in by the oncoming waves. My partner came in a few minutes after me and is also a very strong swimmer and is very safe. He was trying to swim front crawl toward shore and was being taken out further into the ocean (going backwards!). He eventually did the same as me and surfed himself in. This was only 5-10 minutes after I had come in and the currents changed that quickly. I was very thankful my kids had already gone in. The next day my partner walked along the beach again and in the same spot there was a man on shore that had drowned. The body was still on the shore and there were many police there so it had just happened before he had come upon it. Very, very scary. They should be posting warnings at this area and also informing guests as part of the info that you get when you arrive.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>rhoderunner42
<Content>how the elegance stoled christmas How the majestic elegance stole Christmas鈥?br/>Do not go! I have never seen so many unhappy people on vacation in my life. Below are a few reasons on why not to go. Resort smelled like sewage Pools beautiful however ice coldShowers leaked several times (no apologies 鈥揳sked to change room was told 鈥渘o鈥? Bathrooms not private (gross) No hot water for a day (the entire resort- I was told when I wanted to change rooms) Electricity did not work in half the room or patio ..Sliding door lock always broke after being repaired twice we gave up.. Food was horribleRoom service cold and always wrong (no apologies) Mosquitoes in room Construction of the resort is terrible and in constant repair (noisy and disruptive)Service was poor to say the leastElegance Club a joke (almost everything promised is a lie)No beach chairsDrinks were horrible Management staff not professional or empathicHotel and gifts shops cannot make change (I could not buy an 18.00 shawl with a 20.00 bill (I was told to go to 3 different locations for change) Did not get to have dinner at any of various restaurants on New Years Eve due to lack of availability Was told at the gift shops and cigar shop (located at the colonial sister resort) that they did not take credit cards on some days and other days the credit card machine was not working or if we used the credit card we would need to pay 18% tax. If we paid cash it would be less. We complained several times and never received an apology.;they simply were overwhelmed with complaints and did not care. We asked to change our room because of the multiple floods, smell, no hot water were told 鈥渘o we will send housekeeping or maintenance 鈥? The lobby and concierge area for the 鈥渃lub members鈥?were always filled with guests with complaints and you would constantly hear other guests complaining at restaurants, pools, beaches. At one point a helicopter was passing overhead and one of the guests yelled help save us from the resort ;which brought big laughs from many many of the guests.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	1	1	3	

<Author>Raisa_nak
<Content>AMAZING!       The girls with Moskito :)  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>5	4	5	5	3	5	5	3	

<Author>WLUBBA
<Content>Elegance or Redundant Colonial? My name is Ariel Rochman and I'm 20 years old. I just arrived after 2 weeks at the Majestic Elegance Hotel, the sister resort of the Majestic Colonial in Punta Cana. Last year, I spent Christmas and New Years' at the Colonial, so I can give you a comparitive analysis of the resorts. First, when you go to Elegance, you basically get all-access privileges to the Colonial side and its amenities; this is not available to Colonial guests. Hence, we went to Matsuri Chinese Restaurant and the Caribbean restaurant on the Colonial side after we had tried and tested the Elegance restaurant offerings. Further, we utilized both beaches and beach buffets, activities and pools (and obviously the bars). Secondly, their are many attractions that have been consolidated (or combined for less formal wording) such as a brand new discotech in the middle of both resorts. This is a huge improvement from last year, in which the disco was 1/6 the size. The Spa is solely on the Colonial side and the Casino as well. This is fine as the walk isn't far. But, their are a multitude of differences. ELEGANCE PROS:The quality of food is one-star above on the Elegance side, the drinks offered are more premium, the rooms are more spacious and the bar and room service is much more prompt. The beach is more spaced out and their are beds to lie on (very comfy). The rooms have crazy shower installations and the power is based on motion sensors. Also, the gym is 100x better than the Colonial gym, with new equipment, more space, and more variety of machines.ELEGANCE CONS:For young adults my age, its too quite for my liking. Their are little activities other than Bocce ball and the volleyball courts. Its much more quiet, perhaps to the liking of the older, more mature crowds. The pool is not connected and its not used very often; the resort is still finishing construction (Jan. 2008) so their is still some quirks with the rooms.BUT, the main differentiator with both hotels has to be the personal interactions with the staff and just how far they are willing to go to ensure your satisfied. I was on a first-name basis with all the staff and they knew me very well and very quickly. In my honest opinion, they deserve more pay then they currently get. I'd like to make special recommendations and positive reviews for:Francis-Bartender at the Elegance Lobby BarRoberto- Bartender at the Elegance Lobby BarPedro- Bartender at the Elegance Lobby BarTomas-Bartender at the Elegance Lobby BarErnesto -Bartender at the Elegance Lobby BarBeach front/Restaurant Staff:Caroline - Beach and French RestaurantBrenda - BeachRonnie - BuffetRobinson - Steakhouse and Beach BuffetBenito- Beach and BuffetFrancesco - Pool side barBeach Staff:Yan-activitiesHenry- Host of the shows, and all-around operations manager (seemed like)Alejandro and Elsa at Gymnasio Jose- Minibar service on Elegance sideGracias e' Feliz Ano Nuevo to everyone!! Email: roch3020@wlu.caAriel Rochman  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	2	

<Author>russ44Ottawa
<Content>After a bad start, it got better       Favorite spot  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>jo-v
<Content>Great Stay Dec. 26, 2008 - January 2, 2009On arrival, we were advised that our room would be ready by 3 pm. We went to the buffet, followed by a walk on the beach and shortly after 3 pm we were taken to our room (Colonial Junior Suite). A worker was putting last finishing touches on the hot tub area which was not a big deal to us. We had two balconies, one facing the pool and ocean and the other with complete privavcy, comfortable lounger for two and hot tub. Our room was beautiful.That night we discovered switch for lights in bathroom and shower did not work (they stayed on all night). We called in the morning and they were fixed right away. That was the only minor problem we had with our room. A friend staying in Junior Suite also had no problems and a beautiful room. We had buffet for breakfast every day and found the choices to be excellent. The baked items were decadent. We had dinner at the Italian Restaurant twice (lasagna was served stone cold and veal scallopini was dry one night and excellent the other. Aside from that we still enjoyed our meals there. We had a wonderful evening at the Gourmet Restaurant (greeted with champagne) as well as the Steakhouse and the Sea  See (shrimp  lobster) overlooking the ocean. This is where we also ate our lunch every day, which was a buffet with lots of choices and a couple of new things every day. The cakes and baking were outstanding. New Year's buffet was superb. Greeted with champagne at the door and there was everything under the sun on the buffet - it was a real extravaganza. We found all staff to be attentive, friendly and quick to serve. Before going, having read some of the reviews and room problems, I was worried but I can now say that this was one of the best holidays I have ever had (cruises included). The people were excellent and any issues we did have were remedied in short order, including lack of face clothes. Initially, we did not get any in our room but when we asked they were there every day following. Staff are very eager to please. There was champagne and fruit plate in our room on arrival and again champagne to enjoy on New Year's Eve. New Year's eve, there was a band, excellent show, and fireworks. In all, we had an excellent time at the Majestic Elegance. We saw every day, workers ironing out the room and facilities problems but again, we had two rooms and both had no problems that weren't fixed within minutes of letting the front desk know. Would definitely go back.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>RedDeerAlberta
<Content>Awesome Vacation When we booked our vacation in late October our travel agent told us the hotel was fairly new, what she obviously did not realize is that it had'nt opened yet. When we arrived on the 10th of December it had only been opened for 3 weeks. Wow.... the reception area was amazing we were greeted with a nice drink and cool cloths. Donald had us checked into our room quite quickly. When we walked into our room we were amazed at the size and how spacious it was. The Bellman told us that we would be the first to touch anything in this room. Of course with anything new there are going to be some growing pains (at this point we expected some blunders to happen). With the few incidentals that happened to us it certainly did not affect the quality of our vacation. I will probably never be at a resort again that is this new. My Husband and I took our 2 children 13 and 10 they had the time of their lives. They could eat anytime they wanted and the slushy drinks were endless. My daughters most memorable moment was being able to eat and drink whenever she wanted, and my sons was being able to play pool. I have read many of the reviews and the funniest is the one that said you would have to have eskimo blood in order to swim in the pool, LOL. We are from Alberta Canada and we found the pool quite nice to swim in once you got in ... FYI none of us are eskimos LOL. The beach was awesome and the waves were fun to play in. We went to all but one of the restaurants (French Gourmet, our son was to young to eat there age restriction of 12 years old) . The 1st restaurant we went to was See to Sea and we were greeted by Nelson and Lisby, we told Nelson our names and he never forgot who we were greeting us by name everyday (hey Nelson I hope your Daughter liked the Air Mattress!) . The second Restaurant was the buffet everyday we went in there we were greeted with an amazing smile and spanish lessons from Elizabeth (Elizabeth you inspired me to take Spanish Lessons) we grew quite close to Elizabeth. Ronnie was an amazing waiter and of course we cant forget our little friend Neaudy - the buffet was our favorite place to go daily not only did it have a variety of foods but it had the most amazing staff. The Italian restaurant was good the staff were nice the wine (awful) I ordered a bottle off the wine menu, worth the $22 to drink a nice glass of wine and we were able to take it outside to watch the entertainment. if you like good Red Wine this is what you may have to do to. The japanesse restaurant not only had great food but also the cook was entertaining and funny (thank you for the laughs) . The steak restaurant wasnt to our fancy I beleive only our tastes (we live in Beef Country). The animation team at the resort were amazing they were there playing ping pong, board games, volly ball etc during the day, and were there to dance with you at night (Say Hi to Yan and Panoma, they are great dance teachers) One tip I have for you if you smell sewage in your room close all your sink and tub drains (we think they didnt install pea traps in the drains) once we put the stoppers in the smell went away. If you are not able to shake off the fact that all towels may not arrive everyday with the face cloths, the rooms do not get put together early in the morning, or that a light switch may fall off the wall, I would suggest another resort. If you want to eat well prepared food with lots of variety and experience amazing staff that interact with their guests than the Majestic Elegance is the resort for you.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>brobbvac
<Content>Not great lots of problems       Unfinished work near whirlpool  
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>2	2	4	4	4	2	2	1	

<Author>KimmyW124
<Content>Majestic Elegance Punta Cana exceeded my expectations       Entrance into bedroom from the foyer  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Brutus04
<Content>We had a fabulous time at the Elegance My husband and I booked this flight not knowing that the hotel would not be completed when we arrived. After a little bit of stress, we decided not to cancel the trip/hotel and boarded the plane not knowing what we would have when we arrived. We were lucky and booked the Club Elegance level (which I would highly recommend) and right from the start - our butler Angel took us on a walk through the grounds pointing out amenitites which made us feel welcome. We walked to the beach  into a private lounge where we were greeting with drinks and appetizers and personally checked in. We did have a few hicups the first night with our first room - the drain was plugged in the shower and it flooded our room. The next day they moved us over to the opposite side of the resort and the room was perfect and functioned just as it should the rest of the trip. The bed was new and very comfortable and the bedding was higher end. We found the restaurants great! The best was the Japanese  Steak restaurant. The bartenders were funny and talkative - we recommend asking for the Caiparina. The staff went way out of their way to make sure we had everything we needed. They cleaned our rooms several times a day and did extra things in the room to make it romantic and inviting. Tips: you need to ask for the top shelf alcohols. They have them - they just don't give them unless you ask. They also have a really great wine list but they don't have it out. Once again, you have to ask for the Sommelier  the List and they will bring it to you. (extra cost for the good stuff but worth it). Go to breakfast early - the good types of fruit tends to run out by mid-morning - or ask for what you want  they will get it for you. The bar up top on the main lobby makes the best Capuccinos. Pitfalls - this is a brand new hotel so there will be hiccups here and there. Ask to be moved if you are not happy with what you get. Also, the foliage needs a few months to grow up. Overall, we felt we had a wonderful vacation and are planning to come back. We would recommend this to our friends. Get the Club Elegance package!  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>noonan_jeff
<Content>A staff that does a difference       chef thomas  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mircom
<Content>Excellent Beach - Hotel construction woes An otherwise excellent holiday was initially marred by construction glitches. Upon arrival, we were asked to wait until our room was ready. We were invited to dine at the buffet while waiting only to be told by the staff at the restaurant that the buffet was closed. After speaking with the restaurant manager, we were escorted to the Italian restaurant where we enjoyed a delicious meal. We returned to the Front Desk and Rafael Norburto Aquino, a bellman for the Hotel, took us to our room. The one bedroom suite was gorgeous, however, both the light fixtures in the shower and toilet areas were dangling from the ceiling. There was a box of electrical bits on the floor. Rafael very professionally moved into action and spoke with several people to have the wiring completed. We were impressed with his professionalism and fluency in English which was a life saver because we unfortunately speak little Spanish. He also arranged to have a second bed delivered. We had requested this when booking the hotel, but there appeared to be no record of our request. After a few hours, the suite was finally available for our use. We took a shower only to find that there was a cap on the drain and the room flooded because of the lack of proper drainage. We called the Front Desk three times before someone finally called maintenance. One hour later, a maintenace person came and using a screwdriver, broke a hole in the cap to allow the water to drain. It took another 30 minutes to have someone mop up the excess water. Apparently we were the first guests to use the suite. The wait staff in the restaurants are excellent as is the food. We recommend the Italian and Argentinian restaurants -- and the buffet has an excellent variety of food. In the late afternoon, we would listen to a great piano player who also performs in the French restaurant.We were also impressed with Olmaira, the Manager of Guest Services. We did speak with her regarding our challenges with the hotel and the professionalism of Rafael.Once the construction glitches have been remedied, this will be an excellent hotel.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	5	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>vpellerin
<Content>Fun in the sun!       Beach  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>9Kris
<Content>Awesome We were at ME 12-19th of December and had an awesome time. Any issues we had were minor and not really worth giving a second thought. The pool feels cool yes, probably because its so hot outside?? Who wants to go into a warm pool anyhow? It was actually very refreshing. . The staff are all very friendly. We had house keeping make up our room in early afternoon and exchange towles again in the early evening. So we always had 4-6 towels everyday for 2 of us. MInor water leakage from the shower stall but we just wedged a piece of the soap in the corner of the floor under the door and kept a towel on the other side. Maybe use a little less water pressure then you would normally use... definately not a big deal. We left housekeeping and the mini bar guy a buck or two each day and also a small gift some days they took very good care of us. The fridge guy often left chocolate's and extra bottles of whatever we had drank most of (beer or water usually). A few days we came back to our room after the day at the beach to find a freshly drawn, hot bubble bath in the jacuzzi. Our air conditioning always worked great so it was nice cool in our room. No they dont renew the liquor in your room but why would you be drinking that much in your room? There are bars everywhere. Elevators always seemed to be working, didnt use them much, 3 flights of stairs isnt very much if your able. We brought our own scented candle but didnt need it. The hotel shouldnt be expected to provide that for you? A couple mosquitos in the room but thats all. Didnt use any repellant. The electricity in the room turns off after you've been gone for 30 min or so which is great for energy conservation (A/C stays on though). This may be why some people think there are a lot of power outages. Unfortunately it also resets your alarm clock so dont bother re-setting the time every time you came back to your room. There was one block of rooms still under construction but they are pretty well only working inside. You didnt hear the noise much but if you did it sounded so far away that it was never a bother.Very organized at the beach with activities. Volleyball everyday 11am -1pm and 4-6pm. There was often bocce and other tossing games going on. Plenty of boogie boards to use in the ocean. Beach always very clean.Something for everyone at each restaurant. We ate at all of them except Il Gourmand.I think most people will enjoy themselves here if you truely want to. Book with confidence. If your someone who makes mountains out of mole hills or are quick to point out every problem you can find then you probably wont be satisfied anywhere....I will definately return to Majestic Elegance.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FrequentDRvisitor
<Content>Majestic Elegance short synopsis I don't want to repeat so many reviews, which were posted regarding this hotel, so I'll keep my comments short. We stayed from Dec. 13th through the 20th. Our interactions with staff were very good, although a lot of staff workers are new, so they are learning about their jobs on the job :), however - the they do make a great effort. (I think I'll tell my VP of Sales to pay me for the effort and not the results, but it's another story). We liked the food, the beach and the pool. We went to every restaurant but French and food was delicious, although buffet was sometimes cold. The rooms need work (we switched form one room to another for the reasons, discussed in many other reviews). Many things do not work. Period. Electrical switches are mixed up, some are not hooked up at all (although wall plates were covered). Showers are problems. They leak into the rooms or toilet rooms. (BTW - if you have kids, get a second room, there is no privacy in the toilet or bathroom at all). Back to the hotel - I had a nice conversation with one of the managers and they quietly blame the construction company. The main issue in reality is the quality of construction, which is very very poor. So, no matter how hard the staff tries, I don;t see these issues going away soon. We did experience a leak from the light in the bathroom when taking the shower on our last day of stay, which tells me they will keep finding problems for months, if not years to come. The patch work is visible and something new appears daily. With the economy being where it is and given a stiff competition in Punta Cana area, there is NOTHING special about ME to pay for. There are plenty of other places in Punta Cana, where the food is great, the staff is trained and the accommodations are good. We did not hate our stay, but unless vacation is deeply discounted, we won't go to elegance again. It;s your vacation, your time and your money - why even have a little hassle, when you don;t have to. The resort is striving to provide luxurious experience, but comes short in a few areas. Family of 4.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	2	4	3	4	

<Author>Torontotraveler007
<Content>A great vacation From Dec 20 -27Ok i ve read a lot of reviews before i went, and wanted to provide one because i found them so useful.This place is beautiful. jaw dropping grounds with beauitful pools and the beach is one of the best i ve ever seen..The people are unbelievable...so friendly and will jump to your every need...anybody complaining about the people are simply lying..they were great.Its almost finished and there were some small issues with the room, but nothing that wasnt fixed immediately after a call to the front desk.The food is fantastic..def 5 star quality...You will enjoy this place if you go....  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>KaileyDog
<Content>Don't Stay Here This is my third day at the resort and I wanted to write my thoughts about what's going on. Check in was easy. We were greeted with cold towels and a nice fruit drink. So far, so good. That's when the problems started. Although we requested a room with two double beds, when we arrived at the room, there was only one bed. The bellboy called the front desk while we waited outside the room for fifteen minutes. We dragged our carry on luggage back to the front desk (which was quite a hike since the property is quite large) while one of the manager apologized for the mixup and handed another set of room keys. Unfortunately the second room that we went to was occupied (oops, that was quite a screw up). The third room was ok, although it had some issues (which I'll discuss later).Pros: The bar and restaurant staff is great. They jump over backwards to take care of you. Slip them a few bucks and they'll remember you and take care of you. No one seems to tip here, but a little money goes a long way. They're hard working folks and do the their best to take care of you. The grounds are beautiful and they're always maintenance people cleaning. The pool is nice and big although you've got to be crazy to swim in it because the water's sub-zero. The lobby bar and piano bar are beautiful and elegant. The beach is pretty.Cons: I don't know where to start, but to sum it up, they never should've opened so early. Half the rooms aren't finished and there is construction all over the place. Our room, in particular has many problems. When you take a shower, the toilet (which is adjacent to the shower) floods halfway through the bathroom area. The floors are made of marble and an inch of water on the floor can be quite nasty and unsafe. The tv is on the desk (not mounted to the wall as it should be), there are several open electrical outlets, there is no outside handle to the patio door, the room is halfway painted, the A/C doesn't work half the time. The food is terrible (PLEASE don't go to the French restaurant) and I think I will be losing weight on this trip (which may not be a bad thing but considering you paid a premium amount of $$ for a vacation it would be nice to eat well). The elevator was broken for two days. They clean the room really late in the day (after 6, which I think is completely unacceptable). Today I called housekeeping for extra towels three times (which I need to mop up the flooding floor). By 11:30 p.m., there were no towels, so I dragged myself up to front desk and yelled at them. I waited a half an hour at the desk until they brought them to me. They pump seriously annoying music through a sound system that runs through the entire property (mostly by the pool area). Drowning it out with a iPod is the only answer or else you will go nuts. The beach is narrow and crowded.I have spoke to several people that I've met and most of them have had problems, some worse and some better. My advice to anyone considering staying at this hotel....DON'T. They might work out the kinks in the next 6-9 months or so. Then it will be a fabulous hotel. Management cannot cope with all the problems. Worse, they just don't care. They NEVER would consider comping your for anything, refunding your money or apologizing for what's going on. If I could, would leave right now. It's that bad. Save your hard earned money and go somewhere else and don't make the mistake I did.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	4	3	2	1	

<Author>Lebronc33
<Content>True Paradise       Hector Y Henry  
<Date>Dec 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Idotravelalot
<Content>No clim, half of hotel features missing, bad food, power outages, Be prepare for 3 stars vacation. From the hotel feature, half is missing. We got there and they could not find our reservation. they took 2 hours to get a room for us. They came about 340 times for the air conditioning which is still not working. Test it! put the temperature at 25....no difference.....we where at 26c, all week.....very hard to get us Vodka or Grand Marnier....service is crap and hotel is crap overall!!!!! sometimes they will deliver drinks to your room, sometimes they will tell you its not inclusive....pool cold and no Bali bed on the beach....the elegancer club is bullcrap.....go to bahia principe, excellence, paradisius or bavaro princess....those are way better......  
<Date>Dec 26, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	-1	1	1	

<Author>Huet38
<Content>Somebody get me out of here !!! I m still here and I m on the internet looking for a quick way back home !!! The food is terrible, the staff is lazy but the room is nice, when there s electricity . Of course, air conditionning is optional . Don t waste your money of the Elegance Club ..half the thing they promise in the booklet are not even available . Forget your pillow menu, your aromatherapy or anything that would make your trip special ...took us 4 days to get the slippers and the exclusive bottle of crap champagne is not exclusive ... the 4 bottles of alcohol they promise in the room are as follow ... a 2 once bottle of vodka and 3 x 10 ounces of rhum, scotch and bailey s ... and yeah, they re not renewable !!! pools are cool if you have eskimo blood I guess otherwise you could probably use it to keep your drink cold. The Elegance Club has a self serve bar , which is a cool concept , they only forget to bring alcohol to the bar ... i ve been begging for vodka for 2 days now ... that s beside the international beers that are well presented in the booklet, yet unexistant once at the resort ...  
<Date>Dec 25, 2008
<Rating>1	2	3	3	4	1	1	3	

<Author>TorontoSolex
<Content>Truly Elegant Majestic Elegance is truly Elegant We knew that booking a new resort meant taking a chance withcompleteness of the resort, but we wanted a new resort and were willing to overlook some incomplete things.We were extremely happy with our choice. The rooms,restaurants,grounds,lobby,pool,etc. were excellent. All the staff were very friendly and helpful people.We would like to mention following few we got to know better:Entertainers: Marie Elena,Yan,Walter[Moskito]DJ BeyeBars: Frances,Wilson  FelixMeal Times: Miriam,Jacqueline,Alberto,Micheal,Francisco, Franklin CedenoThe Punta Cana beach is beutiful and walk on the beach either side of the resort is great.The food in Steakhouse  Japanese was excellent.From Rose  Aziz Toronto. Canada.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>vtrab
<Content>Great Vacation December 2008Traveled to the Majestic Elegance from Dec 8th -15th. First question I know everyone wants to know is Is it finished?. Answer No but almost there. The Elegance club areas are,and 2 1/2 of the main room areas are almost there. From what I could see only final furnishings and some fixtures in 2 of those buildings. Landscaping is done and things just need time to grow. You can see some of the areas that were finished first by the way the grass has taken and flora has grown. Main common areas:Lobby, Theatre, pools,restaurants(all): are finished and beautiful. They were still working on a building which was housing some shops and Disco. The Disco opened on our last night. Large and loud. It was fun. Room:We arrived after 12am and had booked a Colonial suite(2 jacuzzi room). We were taken to our room and it was a regular suite. Beautiful but not the room we booked. Bottle of champagne and plate of tropical fruit along with a welcome letter with our name hand written on the envelope.(nice touch). I just said to Bell boy that this wasn't the room we expected. We went back to reception and understandably they asked if we could stay in the room for that evening because the room booking personnel were not in until the morning. Not and issue to us as this room was beautiful and the open mind attitude was turned on. Next day after our welcome meeting with our Sunwing rep we meet with Orlando. He took care of everything. From what I could tell there are not many of the Colonial rooms and only a few were finished. We then were taken to a 1 bedroom suite. Holy gorgeous!!! Living area with couch, chair, table for 2 work station, LCD TV, bar area with liquor and fridge, coffee maker. Bedroom area with 4 poster king, sitting chair, Jacuzzi tub. another LCD TV. The balcony wrapped around the corner to the living area sliding door. Of course another bath area. It was absolutely beautiful and huge. They also offered us some extras for our inconvenience for the first night we were there.. a one hour couples massage and free internet for the week since we were not in the Elegance section so internet was not included if you didn't have your own laptop. Pool areas were also fantastic. Lots of loungers, Tikki shades. Swim up bar, towel area and another bar are which wasn't open because of the lack of people but was finished. Staff would cater to what ever you needed. Beach area was also beautiful(hard not to be on that beach). This was one of the areas they were still working on. They were putting the finishing touches on the water sports building. It was done by the time we left. Restaurants were awesome. We did not go to the French or Japanese, the Italian and Steakhouse were great and so was the Buffet. If you wanted a burger they cooked it, there was fish, chicken, pork, steak and pasta cooked to order. If you can't find something there then you probably shouldn't travel. Very fancy display and service. You had 3 people making sure you were taken care of at all times. By far the best service we have ever experienced in our travels. As far as the ongoing work, it didn't affect us at all. in the week we were there I heard a saw a few times and the odd hammer but no different then a mower running cutting grass once in a while. There were workers around concentrating on one building which was closed off. Super polite as well. It is a soft opening and our first time going to resort doing this. We did talk to people who had small problems with their rooms, ie. lights not hooked up, only cold water working.. but they were all taken care of as well. Considering the money we saved and the fact our vacation didn't suffer one bit I would advise anyone to go here. I do realize we may not have been as lucky at another resort but that is a chance you take. This will be a 5+ when it's done!!  
<Date>Dec 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lovetravelMass
<Content>Majestic vacation I won't repeat everything in previous reviews so I will give my highlights:Room:Arrived Dec 15. Check in was super fast, was brought right to the Elegance Club. I booked Elegance Club junior suite, got room 4136. Room was beautiful everything worked just fine. Some details looked rushed like marble cut but not finished, grout missing in certain spots, TV not mounted on wall, switches wired backward. But it all functioned OK so we didn't complain about anything. We did hear of this shower flooding issue in another room. Ours had a little lip in the tile to prevent this. We also used jacuzzi every day it was awesome. Maids always left fresh flower petals every day.Grounds:Everything was super clean and staff was working nonstop to keep it this way which we appreciated. A few things are not finished such asa couple fountains not having water in them yet, but minor stuff. Bali beds at pools were so nice to relax on. Club terrace bar was beautiful also don't miss it!Food:We thought food was average with exception of Japanese steakhouse. That was fantastic, lots of sushi to pick from and the hibatchi was tasty and entertaining. French restaurant sea bass dish was very good, but other courses were just OK, soup was very salty. Only 2 entree choices to pick from at this place which we thought was too little. Italian was good, we went for breakfast and lunch also. The buffets were typical buffets, lots to pick from so you can find things you like. They made fresh pitchers of fruit smoothies at Flavours buffet, great! Also the pineapple was so sweet I couldn't eat enough of it. We never got sick and we tried everything.Beach:Excellant like other reviewers posted.Elegance Club:The private lounge was very nice with free fast internet connection. They always had snacks, drinks and espresso machine too. Aromatherapy pillow menu was not available yet which we were disappointed in. We got 3 bottles of liquor (Baily, johnny walker black and vodka). Also had bottle of champagne waiting for us and a Majestic polo shirt and hat.Staff:Cannot say enough about the staff they were so friendly and accomodating. Everyone always had a smile and greeting for us. Service was very fast at restaurants which I'm not used to in caribbean. Plates were taken as soon as we were done, coffee and drinks refilled, etc... Its helpful to know a little Spanish if you have a question about something but you get used to it after a couple days. The animation team was fantastic and shows were decent every night.We went to the disco one night at Majestic Colonial and had a fun time. We walked way down the beach past Rui and found some local shops right on the beach. Prices here were way cheaper then at the resort. Would suggest going there and haggling with them, don't take first offer they give you.have a great time!!!  
<Date>Dec 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>poohky27
<Content>A wonderful place!!!       Beautiful resort lobby  
<Date>Dec 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>robandtamm
<Content>Awesome time at the Majestic Returned from the ME on December 18th. What a fantastic property. The room was great. Still a little finishing touches are needed, but nothing that impeded our enjoyment.Restaurants were amazing. Our favourites were the steakhouse and the Japanese. Food quality and presentation were up there with resort chains like Sandals.We had an elegance club room and it was definately worth the extra price. The elegance lounge was great with constant food appetizers being brought in. The rooftop lounge was wonderfull. Service was fantastic, and I especially wanted to compliment Henry, our bartender for making some of the most creative and delicious drinks.We we also the very 1st people to go to the brand new Elegance Disco. What a great club. 2 levels, very funky lights etc. Casino and late night snacks were great at the Colonial as well.Shows were great especailly the Michael Jackson tribute.Don't fret the negative comments. We have stayed at great 5 stars throughout the Caribbean and there are always negative people who spend their whole time trying to find something wrong instead of enjoying their vacation.I highly recommend the Elegance  
<Date>Dec 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>angelfish1
<Content>Fantastic time at the Majestic Elegance!       Grounds  
<Date>Dec 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>survivor54
<Content>A nightmare from start to end -----Original Message-----To: travel@customercare.expedia.comSent: Sat, 20 Dec 2008 12:18 amSubject: Package to Hotel Majestic Elegance.vacation packages commentMAAL Airline ticket number 0057383984889-890Expedia itinerary number:125462992182Co code:BGP5TBCo 878 12/5/08Co 879 12/12/0Dear Trip advisor:This is our formal complain letter against the Hotel Majestic Elegance in Punta Cana D.R.We arrived at 1 PM. and they told us in reception that our room would be ready at 3pm.Then when we came back at 3PM they said 5pm. The man that acted as reception manager was rude and told us simply that he didn't have a room for us, we were exhausted and this man just didn't care and turned his face away from us I got his name; it is Daniel Fance Perez. After 5pm we went to our room and started placing our things away in drawers and hangers when we noticed the safe didn't work, the air condition was not letting cold air out, the glass door to the garden, was broken and would not lock, the remote for the TV was missing, the hooks to hang the towels outside the showers fell, I went to iron my blouseand the whole plug came out of the wall. For two days we had not cold air in our air conditioned. It took 3 men and 2 days to repair. Because of all the construction around, the mosquitos had a fiesta with us,we asked for Professional Exterminator and all they gave us was two cans of Bay Gone spray that we sprayed every time we left the room. Simply this Hotel Majestic Elegance was no 4 star hotel. everyone I spoke to felt the same. Because of the construction the mosquitos were crazy and because they had to replace the glass door and it took about 20 men to do it we wasted a whole day of sunshine and were massacred by these gigantic mosquitos.There was no entertainment. I got gastroenteritis and had to go to the Majestic Colonial doctor there, and it cost me $300.00. But that is not the issue the issue is you sold us this package which we bought and you got paid instantly and we thought that it was an elegant finished and luxurious room and Hotel and it is nothing like that. We require that some kind of reprimand and responsibility fall either to the hotel or to Expedia that sold us a package to a Hotel Majestic Elegance that was a nightmare. I will personally comment in every travel Internet web what a horrific experience this was. By the way the hotel was almost empty and they would not put us in another room and would not give us a king size bed as we requested from here with Expedia.I think that before placing and advert ise a hotel one of your people should have traveled there and see in person what was going on,the rooms are not finished! We expect some kind of retribution either from Expedia or the Hotel Majestic Elegant with luxurious rooms that have unlocked glass doors, that had to be replaced, no safe that worked, and no air condition.Waiting for your answer,MA  
<Date>Dec 20, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>TOMag
<Content>great fun but watch out for the mosquitos!! Visited the ME from Dec 11-18. Two familes with young children. We have a one year old and my sister has a three  five year old. Rooms - We had a majestic junoir swim-up suite. The room looked gorgeous when you first walked in, but as the week went on we noticed that the workmanship looked rushed which was unfortunate because the finishings were beautiful. We noticed a sewage smell in our shower on most days that would only go away if you ran the shower. There also was A LOT of mosquitos. We usually travel twice a year to the carribbean and this was definitely the most mosquitos we have ever encountered. I would strongly suggest bringing room bug spray. We were told be another guest on the last day that you can tell the management about the bugs and they will spray for you. We would have been reluctant to do so with our little guy in the room as we would not have known what they were using to spray. Spoke to some people on the plane who stayed at different resorts and didn't have the same problem with bugs.That being said, it was a comfy bed and we didn't spend all that much time in the room so it was good enough for us.Beach - Amazing, amazing, amazing!! We spent our mornings on the beach every day with the kids. It was perfect! One of the best I've been to. Pretty wicked waves and undertow a few days, but I love playing in rough water. Not great for the kids, but they enjoyed the sand just as much as the water.Pool - the pool was our afternoon spot. Most of the pool has a ledge a few inches under the water that works perfectly for little ones. Food - no complaints. Found something every day that our little guy would eat. A few tummy issues amongst our group, but nothing too bad. We did eat at all of the resturants during our stay. Strongly recommend the Steak House. Staff - Fantastic!! I feel that the staff go out of their way to make your stay great. We especially found Ronnie (sea  see during the day, flavours at night), Dulce (Flavours/Day, Steak house/Night)  Blas (Flavours/Day) to be exceptional. They really helped to make our stay special. I was worried because we had read about exposed wires all over the place in other reviews/forum. There are exposed wires in many places, but I found them to be in areas that you shouldn't be walking anyway! eg, ponds  gardens I didn't find them to be close to the walking paths or within reach of tiny hands.We also had a great photo session with Kelvin  Fillipe and had some casual pictures taken by Laura on the beach one day. We are very pleased with the pictures we purchased. All in all, one of my favourite vacations ever. The resort is going to be amazing when it is all done, but it is wonderful right now as well. There is lots of work going on, but I didn't find it interfered with my vacation. Would be pleased to answer any questions.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	3	5	3	

<Author>sydneystl
<Content>Nice time at the Majestic Elegance After AA forced us to miss our connecting flight to Punta Cana from Miami, we arrived a day late to the ME. From recommendations from TripAdvisor message boards, I arranged our airport transfers through http://www.dominicanairporttransfers.com/ which I recommend. It was US $130 roundtrip for 7 of us. The driver was waiting for us, so we were able to skip the multitudes of other people waiting to offer or arrange our transfer. Anyway 鈥?just a shout-out for that company. Due to us being a day late, they鈥檇 actually already been at the airport the day before waiting on us when I called, and they didn鈥檛 charge extra or anything for having to make the trip 2x for us. Also 鈥?we just saw a credit on our accounts from Bookit.com (who we booked through). The resort refunded us a night鈥檚 stay due to us not being able to arrive when we鈥檇 originally booked. RESORT ARRIVALWe arrived at a very impressive and huge open-air lobby. As we checked in, we were served the Majestic鈥檚 signature drink (non-alcoholic when you check in, but trust me, ask for one of those with rum at the bar. You will not be disappointed), and we were given refreshing cloths. We were upgraded one level up to the swim-up suites. We didn鈥檛 ask for the upgrade, but we didn鈥檛 question it. The check-in was quick and our rooms were ready (4 pm鈥檌sh?).ROOMSI was nervous about this resort because I was the one responsible for 7 of us being there, so I was looking at it with a very critical eye from the beginning. I was first scared because I saw a mattress outside of our room when we got to it, and I thought, 鈥渨ow, it鈥檚 really not complete. They鈥檙e setting up beds as we check in!!鈥?But it was for a 3rd bed in our room. We had 3 of us in a double room and they brought an extra bed for us. We had originally assumed 2 of us could sleep in one bed and the 3rd would have their own bed, but the full beds are small. Unless you鈥檙e a big fan of spooning all night, I鈥檇 request a king bed. Since we were 3 singles, 3 separate beds worked ok. The room was big enough to accommodate 3 beds. There was a bottle of (Brut) Champagne (you can request a refill bottle - I know, who would want one, right? but after one, it doesn't matter so much anymore) and a fruit plate waiting for us. Upon first walkthrough, I immediately noticed a few craftsmanship issues: one light fixture was crooked, like a level hadn鈥檛 been used to put it up, there was recessed lighting in a nook above each bed and there was a spot where a hole had been cut and then they figured out it was wrong and they cut another hole for the light 鈥?the first hole was poorly patched and painted over, the marble (鈥榠sh?) shower looked wonderful (and was 鈥?4 different water outputs which was very relaxing), but some of the faucet fixtures had holes a bit larger than the fixture (it appeared they didn鈥檛 have the right tools to accurately cut and fit holes for them? So that was a little unappealing cosmetically), the showers did leak into the toilet area (but not into our room and it wasn't an overwhelming leak), our TV wasn鈥檛 on the wall (which wasn鈥檛 a concern at all) but it didn鈥檛 work and our ceiling fan didn鈥檛 work. We called about the ceiling fan and the tv and a repair guy showed up in less than a minute. He was able to fix both. The only other issue with the rooms was that our A/C didn鈥檛 seem to work as well as others in our group, but it was adequate and we did have a sewage smell/fresh drywall (yeah, if you can imagine that?) that was quite overwhelming upon first walking into the room, but we got used to it quickly, so it couldn鈥檛 have been that bad. It was MUCH worse our last day there, so we weren鈥檛 sure if it was an issue of more people starting to check in and straining the plumbing or not? This smell was not an issue in the other 2 rooms our group had. Although these cosmetic issues aren't impacting on my fun, I do think if they're aren't reviewed and fixed, it will affect people's overall perspective on this resort eventually. In the beginning, they can be overlooked, but they shouldn't still exist in an established 4 star (5?) resort.Some in our group had maid/turn down service 2-3x a day with the maids making the beds if they鈥檇 been in for a nap, but we only had maid service 2x in 5 days. They have sensors outside the rooms that tell the employees when the room is occupied so they know when they can enter and one of our roommates slept at odd hours, so that might explain the sporadic maid service. The swim-up rooms are nice and will be nice when the landscaping is better. The ground outside our room was lumpy and the shrubs separating us from our neighbors are baby shrubs and not exactly effective. It wasn鈥檛 exactly a 鈥檊arden鈥? but if the 鈥榞ardens' outside the Majestic Colonial鈥檚 equivalent rooms are any indication, this will eventually be a very nice amenity of these rooms. RESTAURANTSJapanese 鈥?We sat at one of the Teppan-yaki grills. They serve chicken, beef, shrimp, fried rice and vegetables. Not as good as some of the ones I鈥檝e been to, but it was good for an AI. Italian 鈥?In our group we covered most of the menu selections. Everyone was happy with their main selections. Their Caesar salad was made with real anchovies, which I鈥檓 not used to, but it was ok and the chicken on it was a little dried out and tough. See/Sea 鈥?The buffet by the beach during the day, seafood restaurant at night. I had the continental breakfast here once (so-so), and I ate lunch here daily. Good variety, but my favorite was probably the pasta station. This is converted to a sit down Seafood restaurant in the evening. Two of our group tried it one night and they weren鈥檛 impressed, but once again, this could be hit/miss. Steakhouse 鈥?I didn鈥檛 go to, but my group did. They were disappointed. They said the food wasn鈥檛 that good and the portions were too small. To present the other side of this, we did talk to other people who鈥檇 eaten there and they liked the restaurant a lot, so it sounded like it was hit/miss. Gourmet (didn鈥檛 try)Flavours 鈥?the buffet for breakfast/lunch/dinner near the lobby. Similar to the lunch buffet. I only ate breakfast here once. It wasn鈥檛 great, but it was suitable. I鈥檝e had better at AI鈥檚. It had the right stuff to be a good breakfast buffet, so hopefully it will improve. I never ate there for lunch, but the dinner buffet was decent. As with any buffet, some of it is great, some is not so great. I particularly liked the pizza, pasta and lasagna. I鈥檓 of the mindset that you don鈥檛 go to an AI for food quality and this was sufficient enough that I鈥檓 on a 鈥榩ost vacation diet鈥? so clearly I did not starve. BARS/DRINKSThere are plenty of bars throughout the property. Not all of them are open all the time, but there is always at least one open within a short distance. The 鈥淢ajestic鈥?drink is awesome and even the Pina Colada was better than most I鈥檝e had. They did have some premium alcohols as well, so that was a nice perk. The bartenders at the main lounge area seemed to know a wide range of different drinks which is always nice to experiment when they鈥檙e free, right? POOLThe Pools are VERY nice 鈥?winding throughout the length of the property from the lobby area toward the beach. Plenty of lounge chairs and little palapas for shade. Since we were there when the hotel wasn鈥檛 at full capacity, we always had options for a quieter place to lay out or the option to be down by the activities and the swim-up beach bar. BEACHThe beach is beyond beautiful. I could not ask for more. I didn鈥檛 participate in any of the free water activities, but it appeared to be open and ready for kayaking, windsurfing, etc. They rake the beach for seaweed and are out picking up trash all the time. The sand is wonderful, the water is clear, blue-green and good enough for swimming out a bit and in either direction for a while.ENTERTAINMENTWe went to the Michael Jackson, magic, and Circus show and the 鈥淣ight of the Stars鈥?(Cher, Celene Dion, Janet Jackson, Britney Spears, Usher, Freddie Mercury impersonations). The staff works hard to put on a good show, and they were entertaining. Two nights we ventured to the Sports bar/Disco after the theater show and it was fun to go and dance for a little while. They have a few tv鈥檚 and a DJ that plays all kinds of dance music. It鈥檚 a small area and smoking is allowed in there. There are a lot of lounge areas that make it nice for just hanging out and drinking, talking, playing games, etc. in the evening.CONSTRUCTIONOne entire building was still being worked on. You could see the rooms stacked with boxed fixtures, mattresses, etc., but the ongoing work never disturbed us at all.There were random power outages, but they were always very short (less than a minute, that we know of) and most of the time we weren鈥檛 in the room anyway. Internet pricesFor the non-Elegance Club people, you could buy a pin number for a laptop in your room for $10 for 24 hours or the Business center was $5/30 mins. I'm not sure about the Elegance Club.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2008
<Rating>4	5	2	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>farmerfo
<Content>It's gonna be a beautiful thing!!!!       view from our room  
<Date>Dec 17, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Cayodale
<Content>Excellent Vacation Other posters have provided very detailed reviews so I won't bother writing redundant info. I would just like to say we went with an open mind expecting to run into a few issues after reading other reviews and also because the resort was open for only one week before our arrival. Issues during this period are typical  also the reason we were charged a low rate compared to rates we are seeing now, however... we did NOT have any problems during our 7 day stay. We met others who expressed issues with their rooms (majority seemed to be ground floor rooms) but ours was perfect, located on the second floor, reg suite, not in the Elegance Club. Service was outstanding from all staff we encountered. We enjoyed all restaurants (did not try Gourmet) and buffets. Out of all our vacations over the years this is the first time I felt the need to post a reivew. Guests during grand opening week who posted reviews expressed dissapointment and frustration but there seems to be a huge improvement in a short amount of time from what we've read and what we have seen for ourselves. We have enjoyed all of our Carribbean vacations, never returning to the same resort as we like try new properties each year but we absolutely insist on returning to ME some day. A huge thank you to the wonderful staff who went above and beyond their duty to ensure we had a wonderful vacation!! Looking forward to our next stay at ME.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DeeDel6-2
<Content>Majestic Elegance is a Winner If you're looking for a fabulous place to spend time with your lover, this is for you. Took my new husband to ME for his birthday. He has treated me to the Paradisus - also in PC - on several occasions but it is higher priced and not within my budget for this vacation. I made arrangements for this vacation through Bookit.com and there was not even a snag with the reservation. As a matter of fact, we were upgraded without request and the process of discovery on a new property was delightful, thanks to the very qualified, smiling staff at the Elegance Club check-in lobby. Rooms: To die for. The room is spacious, appointed well with nice touches such as wall decor, lighting, LCD TV, etc. While there are some refinements needed, they are minimal and not one of the identified needs stopped us from thoroughly enjoying our stay. We had an indoor jacuzzi and an outdoor spa on a private roof-top deck. Wow - wow again.Food: Delicious. The best beef I have even eaten in DR was at the steakhouse here and the evening meals at the Italian restaurant left me wanting more. Seafood was pretty darn good - no one can beat the Paradisus in the seafood category, however. We enjoyed the Japanese restaurant but never tried the Gourmet French. We assessed the feedback here before leaving to be accurate. The menu is limited and didn't feel the need to venture there with so many other terrific options. All of the buffet options were terrrific and I did not select one thing that wasn't tasty.Hotel grounds and beach: Fabulous. The beach was lovely, enough chairs for all and a Bali bed available by making a reservation with Elegance Club staff. Drinks were delivered to your chair - if you'd like - and the walk-up bars were close by and staffed well. Evening entertainment has not been thought through yet. Shows were fun but not of the same professional quality of other more well-established properties. Feel that they will get there. Lobby bar was wonderful and many seating areas inviting guests to mingle and meet new friends. We found ourselves there every night and always had interesting people to talk and party with. Take Off bug spray. Mosquitoes were a nuisance and definitely noticeable. Feel the property may want to fog for these pests in early evening to keep them at bay.All in all, I feel this was a risky propostion that turned out extremely well - given the newness of the establishment. Everything about it causes me to want to plan my return. While it is hard to touch the quality of an all-inclusive Paradisus experience anywhere, I feel that this experience rivaled it for about 50 percent of the investment. In two words - LOVED IT.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>squid5678
<Content>Awful - could not wait to leave This was by far the worst vacation experience i have ever had. We warned by our travel agent that this was a new hotel and everything might not be open for our trip but I never imagined it could be so bad. Upon 1st arrival they did not have our reservation in their system and it took an hour to straighten that out and the manager was very rude. The when we finally get to our room it just had a foul odor, which I thought maybe I could just get used to. The room is beautiful but had exposed wires, broken tiles, back door didn't lock, A/C worked intermittently, and mosquitoes bit us all night as we slept. And then when you take a shower it floods the room. We called to have someone look at the door and AC but no one ever came and were told the slding doors all had the wrong locks. As for the food it was horrible - buffet was cold and the french place was horrendous. The positives were the wait and bar staff, all were very friendly but the bar had only one beer available - Presidente. The beach and pool were nice. Stay away from this place until it matures - it has potential but right now it is a mess.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	1	4	1	

<Author>vacahunter
<Content>Fantastic!! Arrived in PC at 2:45 PM, Prieto Tours provided transfers which were pre-arranged thru Vacations To Go. Arrived at the resort at 4:30. Resort staff unloaded and tagged our luggage, notified the Elegance Club of our arrival. Within 5 minutes we had cold towels, welcome drinks and were met by our Butler Henry. Henry took us on a tour of the property and escorted us to the Elegance Club lounge for check in. Check in took less than ten minutes including the welcome briefing. We also received a DVD library list and Room Service Menu. Off to our room with Henry who had already checked our room to ensure all was well. Our luggage arrived about 5 minutes later. Rooms: We stayed in the Elegance Club Jr Suite. The rooms are fantastic, everything was provided as advertised. Along with the furnishings there was a bottle of Champagne as well as a bottle of Johnny Walker Black Label. The mini fridge was stocked with beer, soda and water. There was coffee and condiments as expected. The room itself was furnished as in the photos, king sized bed, jacuzzi, LCD TV, DVD, fantastic shower with a rainfall showerhead and three wall mounted jets, very relaxing. Everything worked when we checked in, no problems at all. The only issues we had was the alarm clock was missing the battery for backup so it blinked if the power went out and the iron stopped working after a day or so, we left a note with the maid and a new iron was in the room when we got in that day. The finish work in the room needed a little attention (such as touch up paint etc, you can tell that they had to hurry to finish, but I'm sure they'll get to it when time allows. Restaurants and Bars: We ate at several A La Carte restaraunts and visited all bars. Where to start? The food was VERY good overall. There was one restaurant closed(rotating) each night due to the occupancy rate.Sea  See: Seafood for Dinner. We had Lobster, Salmon, and Shrimp entrees, all were great, appetisers we enjoyed were Octopus, Lobster Bisque and Cream Clam Soup, again fantastic. Dessert bar was tasty but not great. We had Brandy, Amaretto and coffee. Lunch buffet at Sea  See was extremely good, selections from pizza, pasta bar(cooked to order), big salad and sandwich bar, cooked to order burgers, hot dogs, steak and fish. The Paella was delicious as well as hot chicken and beef dishes. Italian: For lunch we had Seafood Risotto, Gnochi with red sauce, veal carpaccio, procuitto with melon, capresse salad and Lasagne. For dinner, Veal Saltimboca, Eggplant parm and veal parm, as well as misc pasta. The food in the Italian ranged from phemominal to good, they are still getting consistent, we never had anything we didn't like, never had room for dessert.Gourmet: This is where they need some work, fixed menu, we went twice and the meals were the same. also, the food was not as good as the other restataunts. Wine list is at a supplemental payment. At this point I do not recommend the Gourmet. Steak house: Steak melts in your mouth and was cooked to perfection. We had The Cowboy Steak, Chateaubriand, and Ribs. Plenty of sides to choose from. Breakfast Buffet: Fantastic selection, eggs cooked to order, Pre-cooked omelettes, fried and scrambled egge for those in a hurry. Plenty of bacon, sausage, fresh fruits, cereal, juices, smoothies, breads, yogurts, pancakes etc. We also ate a la carte breakfast at the Italian which was very good. We also had continental breakfast in the Elegance Club Lounge, Espresso machine, sweet rolls, cold meats/cheeses and juice.Room Service: We ordered Burgers and Champagne twice as well as cocktails. Burgers were great and all was delivered in a timely manner. Lobby bars have the best selection of premium liquors, see Manuel, he'll take great care of you. All bars are open and running, the bartenders and servers will take care of you. The restaurant staff goes way out of thier way to give you the best service possible. They are truly professional and really want you to enjoy yourself. Some are new to this profession, so please be patient while they get some experience, I believe they know their jobs but are a little nervous due to rude guests mistreating them. Beach/Pools/Grounds: Beach: We walked on the beach most days, the Elegance beach is nicer than surrounding resort beaches. We heard of guests on the beach from other resorts asking about the Elegance because it's so nice. Plenty of Loungers and palapas. Server to bring your drinks, bar nearby if you want to hang out.Elegance Club pool: We had a Bali bed all day every day, pool is beautiful, talk about being spoiled, water was perfect.Main Pool: great pool, more loungers than people, great bar and bartenders. Grounds: Groundskeepers everywhere working for perfection, it'll take a little while for vegetation to grow, and every detail to be perfect but they're at it constantly. Still some lighting, speakers etc to be installed, but they make great progress everyday. Activities on and off the Resort/Hotel: The animation teams were at it at the pool and beach, we are loungers, but those involved seemed to be having a great time. We went to the Casino and Disco at the Colonial and enjoyed ourselves, they could use a good cleaning but were passable. My wife had a massage at the Colonial spa and loved it. Both the Elegance and Colonial have nightly shows. The Elegance has live music outdoors each evening weather permitting. We did not do any excursions outside of the property. Other Comments: We were a little nervous going in due to the negative reviews (which were true from what we were told while we were there) but all was fixed/adjusted as far as we felt. Any new operation will have problems when it opens. The staff is no less than phenominal, we were treated like royalty. They strive to enhance your stay as time goes on, I just can't say enough about them. The resort is beautiful and will be better and better as the days go by. There was a little bit of noise from the workers, but they have to get it all done. The ongoing work didn't bother us. If you stay in the Elegance Club and Henry is your butler you will be amazed how he works to make your stay perfect.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jillk7
<Content>Paradise!!!! We LOVED the Elgance.We also went with an open mind, kind of expecting the worst after all the reviews, and were very pleasantly surprised.We booked a Jr. Colonial Suite and ended up being bumped to the Elegance Club Oceanview room. It was gorgeous. Top grade materials, and a beautiful Jacuzzi. Twice we came back to the room and the maids had drawn a Jacuzzi bath for us with flowers and bubbles floating. We also had a beautiful fruit tray in our room, a bottle of champagne, a bottle of Bailey's, Run and Rye allw aiting for us. It was beautiful.The only problem we had with our room was the shower leaking out from under the door.....We stuck a towel down on the inside and it was fine.The food was great! We loved the Steakhouse - Chateaubriand is sooo tender and ceasar salad is great too. The beakfast and lunch buffets have a ton of variety.The beach is beautiful and the pools are crystal clean.The staff is UNBELIEVABLE!!!! We were so sad to leave them. We are not social people and were just looking for a nice quiet vacation away from our 1.5 year old son - well there were a few nights that we shut down the lobby bar because everyone is so nice, accomodating and friendly!!!! They wouldn't allow my wine glass to get below half...Franklin anf Daniel in the japanese are great, Francis at the Lobby Bar and Rose by the pool. Brenda is the greet at the Sea and Sea buffet at Lunch. Miss them all tons!!!!We made great friends and can't wait to go back to the Elegance next year!!!!  
<Date>Dec 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>crash51
<Content>The Devil is in the Details This was our first and last trip to this resort. While the rooms and the resort are beautiful from a distance, little thought and effort has gone into the details. We had problems with our room from the moment we got there. There were holes in the ceiling, the sliding glass door to the deck would not lock, the light switches fell off the wall when you pushed them and our favorite, the ENTIRE room flooded when you took a shower. We asked twice a day for four days to get things repaired and they always assured us someone would be right there. We saw one maintainance man the entire time and after agreeing to fix some of the problems, he disappeared, never to be seen again. We finally gave up trying. Our elevator did not go to the ground floor and our friend's elevator smelled like sewage.Outside of the Japanese restaurant and the steak house (which we enjoyed), the food was bad. Everything on the buffet was cold, and all of the sides we ordered al carte always came out cold. It was even hard to find a hot cup of coffee.The amenities are far from done. There is no spa, water sports are currently non- existent and there was no signage anywhere to tell you where things were.On a positive note, the pools were great, the beach was clean, the drinks were plentiful and the staff extremely friendly. The gym was also one of the nicest we have seen at any resort. This place has incredible potential, but they are far from realizing it.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	2	-1	4	

<Author>PandCinOntario
<Content>Paradise at Majestic Elegance Hello all TA members. We just returned from the Majestic Elegance 12/12/2008. This was our first visit to the Domincan Republic. We travelled with another couple who have travelled much more than we have. We stayed in Elegance Club Majestic Junior Suite and absolutely loved it. Our travel companions expressed that this was the nicest resort they have ever stayed at in the Caribbean!!We did however encounter a few glitches which were rectified very soon after arrival. There was no air conditioning working at either the Majestic Elegance or Colonial the first day....the next day it was all fixed. Our balcony door did not lock properly (we were on the first floor) but it was looked after....many times lol. (Don't worry be happy)Detailed:RoomsWe stayed on the first floor, direct access to the pool (no outdoor jacuzzi). Beautiful room. Very elegant. The beds were comfy, decor was lovely and whooooaaa the water pressure. We never had a problem with hot water it was great! Internal Jacuzzi tub in the corner near the balcony door, it also worked great!! Lots of pillows and towels, champagne and liquors left for us. The fridge was stocked daily with beer, pepsi, 7up and water and you could even get more beer or champagne if you wanted it. We used room service a couple of times and it was good as well. Our butler in the Elegance Club prepared a jacuzzi bath for us with bath salts bubbles, flower pedals and champagne on ice!! Thank you Henri!!Pool area and BeachThe pool was a little cool but welcoming on a very hot day ( we had great weather for most of our week stay). There are intigrated jacuzzi's within the pools in the Elegance Club. No they are not hot, they are pool temperature but still felt great! We had Bali Beds in the Elegance Club which were very nice. There is personalized drink service in this area....Rose you are awesome!! The beach was heaven . You could walk either way from the resort for about 1 1/2 hours on the beach. Very clean and very clear. We all loved jumping the waves and laying under the Palapas.Resaurants...all are open, a few rotate closing daysSee and SeaThis restaurant is near the beach and opens at 10.00 AM. It serves buffet breakfast and lunch and is open in the evening for a la carte seafood. It was very good. Selection was quite varied.9 Doors (Japanese)We went here twice. Reservations are required for the hibatchi dining rooms. It was one of our favourites!FrenchThis was also one of our favourites. Reservations are also required. It is a full course sampling menu. Food was excellent.Steak HouseThis was one of our least favourites. The steak was overdone and potatoes and veg cold. Dont worry be happy... they may be just learning! ItalianThe food here was both good and not so good. Hopefully it is a learning curve. Tirimusu was outstanding.The Buffet Restaurant (Flavors)Open for breakfast, lunch and dinner. We only went for breakfast. Alot of variety, very good flavour but sometimes not as hot as it should be.We also went to the Majestic Colonial beach seafood/steak restaurant and had surf and turf... it was excellent!!All desserts in all restaurants are awesome!! They look like they have all come out of a professional pastry/dessert shop and taste like it.BarsAll bars are open. Thank you all bar staff you are wonderful!Private bars at the Elegance Club, pool and terrace were very good. The swim up bar in the regular section was also very good. Both lobby bars serve the more premium drinks.There was constuction going on every day.....something new was always finished but it was not in any way an intrusion.We would like to make a special mention to all staff and service. It was absolutely wonderful. Everyone has a smile and an Ola.Everyone totally bent over backwards to make you happy. A 10 out of 5 in that area. A special thankyou to Calix ( Elegance Manager), Henri (Butler extrordinare), Domniville and Naccos also butlers. I cannot remember everyone's name but to all a big Thank You.Mr. Mosquito...you are a riot (LOCO) and we had many laughs with you.MR. BOM BOM GREAT TEQUILA SLAMMERS ..main/beach lobby bar , Cesar / swim up pool bar, Christen / beach bar, Pedro and Rosa Elegance terrace barYou are all wonderful Hosta La Vista Baby !!!!!We will definitely return to the Majestic Elegance....hopefully next year! We did not want to leave.Paul and Cheryl  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	5	5	

<Author>bridlepath
<Content>Elegance has just begun       George and Nancy  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	3	4	4	

<Author>pgabisabi
<Content>Peace of Mind After carefully reading all the reviews which all have a valid point, I have decided to write my based upon my staying there during and after the openning, here is my summary:  a. The Resort was not ready for openning on Friday 21, November 2008, however the staff from the owners (Rosita y Don Jaime), the General Manager Jose Maria to the young lady at the beach bar-Elegance Club (Jackelyn) did everything possible to exceed customers sastifaction under austere conditions. b. The Resort should be 100% completed by January 2009, and when this is done this Resort would not have anything to envy to the Paradissus Palm Real nor the Excellence, which are very very expensive compare with this one. c. The Resort is beautiful in all the sense of the word with few touches pinceladas as defined and conveyed to the customers by the General Manager all the way down to Roberto, Francis, Natividad, and Anibal). d. Services- there are not words to describe it. The smile, courtesy, and demeanor of all the staff employees are without a doubt the highest in the industry, this is indicative of the leadership and professionalims of Mr. Gutierrez . e. The Food was great in every restaurant I visited from the Botacio, el Asadito, Gourmet, French, Japanes, and the others (personally would like to recognize the midnight place where you could get a Burger, Hotdog, Fries, and all sort of drinks).  f. In summary, after all the pinceladas are completed this Resort will be one the FINEST in the area and for the price, luxury, and service it will be a very strong competitive for many years to come. As previously stated to the many friends (Canadians, British, Americans) that I met during my 7 days vacation, many times people paid for a shrimp and a glass of a Cook Champagne and expect an Alaskan Lobster and a glass of Don Perrignon (you get what you paid for). I will strongly recommend this Resort to anyone, as of matter of fact my family and about 100 people are returning on June for a wedding.CarlosSomething worth mentioning, one morning I went to the main lobby bar and ordered a Presidente beer, minutes later a young girl from New Jersey (Nadine 4 years old) climbed on to the high chair and sat beside me. She ordered a Pina Colada, I asked her if she likes the Resort, her response back to me was it is gorgeous.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>writetosfa
<Content>Went with an open mind, was not disappointed!       Bottle of complimentary champagne  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>hotbananas
<Content>Best holiday we've ever had!! This is our 5th night at this fabulous resort - we sadly only have 2 more days.....we have had the best time of our life - fabulous service, cruiseship quality food and room to die for. We have not experienced ANY problems that could not be easily rectified. The staff go above and beyond to make things right quickly. We had heard/read some of the other trip advisors and were a little leery about what to expect, however, we loved this place so much that we are already looking to book another stay in February.A holiday is what you make of it and if you like to complain about every little thing that could go wrong, you would not like any hotel.This place is definately a 5 star and we can't wait to see it in full swing in February!Toronto, ON Canada  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>L0ve2Travel99
<Content>A few bumps at first but turned out wonderful My husband and I stayed at the majestic elegance from Nov 29 - Dec 7 in elegance club. Our room was beautiful however there were a few problems with the room, such as the toilet did not flush correctly, there was no hot water in the shower, and the refridgerator did not work. Within 2 days and several visits to our room by the maintenence crew everything was fixed. We at one point asked to switch rooms but according to the staff at the elegance club lobby there were none. The room really was nice, just like the pictures on the website. Also, the power turns off in the room whenever you leave so that means that the alarm clock turns off and is blinking when you get back, we just started only setting it before we went to bed.The beach is gorgeous, we had several people just walking on the beach asking what resort we were staying at because our beach was so much better than theirs. Be sure to wear your flip flops when you are going from the beach to your room or restroom because there are sticker burrs in some areas between the palapas and the cemented paths. Get up early to get a good palapa near the water, we got up around 7:30 each morning and pretty much had our pick. The beach attendent Anely really made the beach a great place to be. He was so happy and cheerful each day. You can't miss him walking up and down the beach several times each day wearing a red hawaiian shirt and shorts.The restaurants were good, we especially liked the steak restaurant and the chinese restaurant at the Colonial. The italian restaurant was good but the first time we went there we had to wait 1 1/2 hours to receive all of our entrees. The second time we tried it the wait was minimal. The buffet was good, we didn't catch her name but the greeter at the buffet was a welcome site each morning, always a smile on her face. All the staff are very friendly and helpful, however this was the first place we have been to that there was some difficulty communicating with the staff, so if you haven't already brush up on your spanish.It will definitely take a few more months probably for the resort to be completely finished but like everyone else has said they are working day and night. There were literally some nights that we left the lobby bar and would come back the next day for breakfast and more things would be finished. There were some exclusive services in the elegance club that we were expected but did not receive. We never received our 4 bottles of alcohol, a bottle of champagne, the pillow menu, aromatherapy for the pillows, bath salts and a newpaper in the room. Also we never received our surprise present. Or if we did, we didn't know it.Overall it was a wonderful, relaxing vacation after the problems with our room were fixed.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	3	5	5	

<Author>BeachBum123
<Content>Beautiful Resort       Upper lobby  
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Canada01Ottawa
<Content>Open to early maybe next season       Our room TV not mounted on bracket  
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	3	3	2	1	3	

<Author>bernie777
<Content>Don't expect 5* yet Great Potential, My Novel for insight       Jr Suite  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>4	5	2	5	5	5	5	1	

<Author>cyndysue
<Content>Majestic Elegance - "Elegant" We were originally booked from 15th to 29th November 2008; however the resort was not ready. We were contacted by our tour operator and advised that we could stay at the Majestic Colonial for the 1st week (Nov 15 to 21st) and then move to the Elegance resort for the 2nd week (Nov 21st to 29th).This review will only be for the Majestic Elegance resort.We went with an open mind, seeing this is a new resort and focused on the positive experiences that we encountered. Upon our arrival at the Elegance Resort we were greeted by the Vice President of Sales  Marketing, Mr. Ricardo Espinosa. Upon request we were upgraded to Elegance Club with many thanks to Mr. Espinosa.  The room was exactly as we had imagined it 鈥淓legant鈥?with a wonderful view of the ocean. We did encounter a couple of issues with the room, but they were corrected to our satisfaction, with the exception of the air conditioning.The resort, on the first day had only 2 restaurants open, the Italian and the Sea  See buffet restaurant on the beach. As each new day rolled around a new restaurant would open. The food was excellent in all of the restaurants and reservations are only required in the gourmet and Japanese.We were very impressed with the fact that you could just walk into the 鈥渁-la-carte鈥?restaurants without reservations.We only ate in the 鈥渕ain buffet 鈥?Flavors鈥?on our last day, the variety, quality and display of the food was outstanding.The drink selection was very good at all of the bars. The upper and lower level lobby bars served premium drinks and had a wide selection to choose from. All the bartenders were without a doubt the friendliest that we have encountered in all our years of travel.The pool runs from basically one end of the resort to the other, with 2 private pools for the Elegance Club members. There were plenty of loungers (aluminum and not the plastic kind) around the pool areas. The 鈥淏ali beds鈥?were very comfortable and great for an afternoon siesta. There was no shortage of palapas on the beach and we never had to play the 鈥渢owel game鈥? On opening day there were many 鈥渇inishing touches鈥?left to be completed. We were amazed at the amount of work that had been completed during the week and that the workers were unobtrusive and the noise was next to none. We are quite confident that within the next month or so, they will be completed and will truly make this one of the premier destinations in the Punta Cana area. We are returning in February 2009 for another 2 week stay and are anxious to see the progress that has been made.At this time we would like to take this opportunity to personally thank those staff members that made our stay an enjoyable one.In the Elegance Club: Calix, Larissa, Mariannie, Kayala, Angel  Ramone. These people went out of their way to assure that we were well looked after and that we did not require anything, and if we did, took care of it immediately and without any hesitation or question.Sea  See (beach restaurant); Bartender Felix, server (waiter) NelsonSteakhouse restaurant: server (waiter) Juan (his speech for the 鈥渂est desserts in the Caribbean鈥? is very cute and funny. There are many others who deserve praise, but unfortunately we can鈥檛 remember all of their names.As we stated in our opening remarks we went with an open mind and had a wonderful time.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	5	3	

<Author>lululrene
<Content>Loved the Majestic Elegance I just got home from a week at the ELEGANCE. I have to say it was wonderful. No, it is not finished; yes , everything is open. There might have been some issues, but I didn't experience it. Everything was great! The staff went out of their way to cater to our every need!We renewed our vows while we were there. It was perfect. MS. GARCIA ,in guest services, took care of all that was needed. she made the evening like magic for us,She was great!!!! Take plenty of bug spray, the mosquitos are horrible, that was the worst part, and OFF is $18 a bottle there.All the restaurants were good. I don't think there was any of them that I did not like.It was like heaven, drinking champagne all day, laying around any of the pools, or on the beach. We had a swim up room on the Elegance club side...was gorgeous!! All Elegance members get the use of the Colonial as well.Check out the Michael Jackson show. We went on several excursions, the OUTBACK SAFARI was the best.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GerdCH
<Content>Great Potential We just want to give a special thanks to the Animation Team who went out of their way to provide us with their best service. They are all great employees and were a lot of fun to be around.We look forward to seeing them all again on our next visit.Gerd Brockelmann/ Greg Pape  the rest of the Port Hardy Crew.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Duncan8389
<Content>The Majestic Elegance Still Needs Time       Great beach  
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	5	4	2	2	1	

<Author>garryglenn
<Content>getting there we left the hotel Dec.5 after a 1 week stay,this hotel was not ready for guests,we had to be moved once but there were a lot of people worse off than us. I can tell u that it will be some resort when finished.one thing the staff can start working on is eliminating the BS we were lied to many times about many things.the location is great,the people were great(for the most part) the food got better each day and the buffet is fabulous.The pools are all over the place but are ice cold, didn't see many people using them the ocean is much warmer and a great beach for walking.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	2	4	4	

<Author>pfanzp
<Content>Getting Better Everyday       Sunrise from our Terrace  
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>kemje
<Content>Vacation from hell will be a vacation from heaven in 2 - 4 months Ok our vacation started out horribly !! Resort opened on the 21st of November -- we arrived 22nd. No rooms were ready - wires everywhere. Nothing worked in room -- not even key cards. We spent first day with workmen getting everything working. TV hooked up , fan working, ac working. No hot water -- that came 2 days later. Suppose to have 7 restaurants -- 2 opened --10 bars -- 4 open. But little by little as days went forward -- more things started to open. Their steakhouse if phenominal -- meat would melt in your mouth. All workers -- maintenance,maids, busboys, waiters, bartenders, entertainment were great -- can't say enough good things about them. Management left a little to be desired. I would recommend this resort highly in 2 -4 months when everything is complete and opened. We were allowed to use sister property-Colonial -- But I didn't pay for sister property I wanted the Elegance finished. This will be the great resort it is hyped up to be in the future. Beach is beautiful -- water awesome -- pool great. If you have chance in future -- go there. Just don't go NOW !!!  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rocketgirl17
<Content>Loved the Elegance       Pool - Majestic Elegance  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>SnowbunnyMidwest
<Content>Loved, loved, loved our stay in paradise!       Sitting by the pool  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>max199
<Content>Find another place to go. This is by far the worst vacation we have ever had. The hotel should not even be open. Not one guest we talked to had a good time. The food is Cafeteria at best. None of the rooms are complete. Wires hanging, phones don't work, no hot water. Mosquitoes in rooms had to buy bug spray. Management is a Joke.It took 3 days to get my room changed. God forbide if there was a fire nor one fire extingishire on the property, no fire hoses in the boxes. The sprinkler in my room was inside the dry wall with a hole showing.Buyer beware, stay away, far away.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	1	

<Author>newbieOntario
<Content>beautiful beach First Day- Arrived Nov 21 part of a Sunwing group- the very first guests of the Majestic Elegance- Surprise-Surprise! Sunwing had told us that this hotel had been taking guests since October. We were dropped off at the Colonial by the Sunwing bus operator, who was then forced to load us back up and take us to the Elegance.The lobby and lower bar area was/is magnificent, even with the unfinished drywall and construction debris. The poor check-in men looked as if the computers had just been switched on and that they did not yet know what to do with the computers or with us. First Issue-Sunwing鈥檚 description of our room did not match any description of any rooms that the Elegance had to offer. Ricardo swung into action and sent us to the Elegance Club check-in area, with the promise that Calix would look after us. After a long trip through the construction site, past workers, tools, barrows, wires, etc, I asked the bellboy to stay with our luggage- thinking we may need to get out of there. Inside the Elegance check-in area Calix and his staff were doing everything they could to get their guests comfortable and then moved into rooms that the construction workers had not yet moved out of. The torrential rain caused flooding of the check-in area floor and water was dripping out of numerous areas in the plaster ceiling. The air conditioning was not working, and there were no restaurants open, so we waited. After 2 hours we were taken to the room by Calix, the bellboy had stayed (great staff), and upon informing him that this room still did not match the Sunwing description, he told us he would get us moved again, we waited in the room for another 2 hours, not having a key to the room, no TV, no drinks in the fridge, no hot water, no telephone, no internet, no AC- lots of construction noise. 2 hrs passed 鈥?I went and found Calix- talking on 2 phones at the same time, with the walkie talkie on his belt, standing by the pool watching the men cutting the marble for the overflow drain to be installed. He told me we would have to stay in the room over night- that there were no more rooms available.We went for supper at the Italian Resturant- I have to say the staff is tremendous- but the meal was late and cold- it took us 2 hours to eat.The first issue continued into the next day- still no other room available, with Calix promising to find us one sometime in the future鈥?finally after lunch I told him to forget it I would settle this room issue with Sunwing. The room we had was nice, I liked the sunken area and the layout. It was on the south side of the resort facing the vacant lot, and was very private with a view of the ocean and the wreck off the coast.Second Issue-lack of Hot Water 鈥?we had cold water on the 21st, tepid water on the 22nd, hot water on the 23rd , 24th, 25th, back to cold on the 26th, tepid on the 27th, and hot on the 28th. At least twice during our stay the toilet was hooked to hot water, and on at least 4 separate times the water would be shut off for a period of time.Third Issue 鈥?Electricity 鈥?the power could go off at any time during the day for any length of time with no warning. This happened at least 2 times a day, each day, every day.Fourth Issue- Construction workers and construction noise throughout the entire week. Construction workers and bikini clad women don鈥檛 mix well (no offense to us construction workers). The noise was continuous throughout the day. They were still building the marble countertops for the pool bar in the Elegance Club area, and the grinders are quite noisy. As well as hammer drills, hammers, etc as the electricians did their thing.Fifth Issue- Lack of lighting- the walkways in the central garden and pool area did not have the lighting completed until the 26th, (it does look quite spectacular now even with the immature vegetation, to stand at the top of the stairs in the main lobby at night, and look out through the arches towards the ocean is spectacular). The lack of lighting in the corridors still was not addressed by the time we left Nov 28th. This meant that as you walked to your rooms you moved from lit corridors into dark areas, this happened on both sides of the complex. The hotel provided security men with nightsticks to stand in these darkened areas.Sixth Issue 鈥?Restaurants 鈥?We really enjoyed eating at this hotel. Simply because of the people who were serving us. For the most part they were extremely cheerful and always did their best to help us. However the restaurants were not all open at the same time, and even if they were open, all menu items were not available. The Italian restaurant experience on our first day kept us out of it until, the 26th for supper- it was very nice and hot. The steakhouse or as we affectionately called it 鈥?鈥榯he rodenthouse鈥? (we were there when the rat dropped out of the ceiling on the large table)- was great. We ate there 4 of the nights we were there. Each night the service and the meals got better. The corn and chicken soup was tremendous. The beach house was dark at night for eating. They had not yet got all the lights working and it was ok food but not great. We ate lunch usually at the buffet in the Colonial which brings us to the seventh issue.Seventh Issue- Access to the Colonial- Ricardo and Calix and our Sunwing rep Jenner all told us to go to the Colonial and that we were free to use their services. The first 2 days of our trip, no one had told the Colonial that and we were hassled, especially regarding internet access. The last 3 days we had to take a long walk detour, through a darkened area and on part of the service road.Eighth Issue- Life safety- no fire extinguishers, no pressure at the fire hose cabinets and intermittent hydro and water left me feeling unsafe.Ninth Issue- our room really was not ready. The TV was hooked up on our 3rd, but was not hung from the wall on the bracket. The room sensors are a good idea but were not operational, and as a result staff would walk in on you after knocking. The pass thru service system, is another good idea but not yet working. There was no literature, no info of any kind in the room. No DVD player, no DVDs either, the library was empty. The ceiling in the shower fell down unto the floor that last morning we were there. It just wasn鈥檛 ready yet for guests. The butler system, maid service, bar service all will be great, but aren鈥檛 there yet.Overall, we had a good time. We met new people- shared the adventure together. Got sun, swam in the ocean enjoyed the beach and the people.Being a novice to package trips, how Sunwing could sell packages to a hotel without any pre inspection is beyond my comprehension.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	2	1	2	2	

<Author>BMR2723
<Content>Lesson Learned about "Soft Opening"       Elegance Lobby  
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	5	3	2	4	-1	

<Author>mere2
<Content>Disaster       10  
<Date>Nov 27, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	1	1	3	

<Author>Prncss
<Content>worst experience ever so far we arrived november 24 2008 the resort is not even close to be finished at least 3 or 4 months. no spa, half the restaurants are not open they do not even have enough employees to staff all the restaurants. We went to the italian restaurant and the waiter told they only have 4 menus so we had to wait 15 minutes to get a menu, everyone has been at least once to a new room since a/c not working, roof leaks, bathroom overflow, no tv, on and on. The employees will tell you anything to get you out of the office then you can never find them again. there is no room service yet, no spa, no working jaccuzi's. Do yourself a favor and do NOT come here till at least marchor april of next year.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	1	

<Author>skaple320
<Content>Not Finished As of this writing, this hotel is not yet complete. Not even close really. Our room seemed fine at first, but then stuff stopped working. We had no hot water in our jacuzzi, the safe malfunctioned, and then the light fixture over the toilet started leaking water all night ?!?!? There are exposed electrical wires, and we were awakened at 8:30 to the sounds of continuing construction. Not all of the restaurants are open, and the ones that are are not that great. If you are planning to stay here within the next few months, I would strongly recommend finding somewhere else. That麓s what we are trying to do less than 24 hours after checking in.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	2	1	1	

<Author>lauri_anne_3
<Content>wow, wow, wow !!!       bar du lobby  
<Date>Dec 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Gorgious
<Content>H么tel encore en construction mais bon service.   showReview(22784243, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>escurpin
<Content>me enga帽aron       palapa con obreros  
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>fanamer
<Content>Hotel remarquable       Jaccuzzi dans la chambre  
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

