<Author>cornishtim
<Content>No wonder it's rated one of the best in Sydney The whole experience with The Observatory was exemplary - from the reminder e-mails through to the final moment checking out.On arrival we were early checking in (11am due to flights), but Simon (the concierge) welcomed us immediately as we exited our taxi, and seemed to be expecting us which was a very nice touch. Our room wasn't ready, but the reception offered us the use of the spa/gym and showers to freshen up. We chose to explore the Rocks a little bit as they are only just down the street (5-10 mins walk). Within 30 mins they had phoned us to let us know the room was ready, and our bags were already in the room with a nice welcome note and plate of strawberries (another nice touch).The room was lovely and spacious and overlooked the harbour, and also had a large bath and wet-room shower (with one of those big heads).Breakfast was absolutely lovely and the fresh fruits were incredible. The food was brilliant for all meals - we ate in the bar one night (restaurant not open on Mondays) and also had room service. It was expensive but then that's what you get in a 5-star hotel with exceptional quality and service.The spa/pool/sauna/steam room are all very nice and they have useful toiletries in the changing rooms.The staff were more than helpful and knew our names and room number every time we spoke to them - yet another nice touch. This is the sort of class that you can only get at a smaller hotel - I can't quite believe they have 100 rooms as you would never realise it.The only, and I mean ONLY, drawback to The Observatory is that they don't have any outside space such as a garden or patio, but other than that I could not fault the hotel in any other way. Except possibly the expensive internet access.Location-wise it's ideally located. 5-10 mins walk to The Rocks, 15 mins to Circular Quay, 5-10 mins to CBD and Darling Harbour is about 15-20 mins away.I would definitely recommend this to anyone who wants to splash out on a great hotel in Sydney.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Rnsco
<Content>A Diamond in The Rocks The Observatory is just blocks from the Sydney Harbor scene, yet a world away. On a quiet semi-residential street, the hotel is small and I must say charming. A few block walk to the harbor opposite the Opera House. Views from the rooms are OK but not spectacular.Rooms are comfortable in size, very well furnished and fitted with just about anything you've ever found in a room, including a sewing kit with pre-threaded needles! Service is quiet and efficient. For a first time Sydney visitor, the concierge is most helpful with local ideas not from guide books.We did not use the spa and have only eaten in the restaurant once on a prior visit and it was good. Bar is very cozy. Didn't see many children and the hotel does host meetings on the ground floor, however the lobby area was always quiet.While boutique is over-used, The Observatory certainly fits in the category. If you book direct, make sure to look at packages and special offers on their website.We also stayed at a sister property, Liianfels in the Blue Mountains and it is of equal caliber to The Observatory.This was our second stay at The Observatory and it won't be our last.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Passport53
<Content>Upscale service and accomodations The hotel prides itself on service and for good reason. Every staff member actively looked for how to help you. While walking around the lobby early one morning looking for where to find some water, an employee stopped me to ask what I needed. When I enquired on where I could purchase a bottled water, he went and gave me a free bottle of extremely cold water that they provide to joggers staying there. Everyone from the housekeeping, reception and even the man who was touching up the paint all stopped to say a polite hello to us. The concierge was extremely helpful as well. This hotel is a little pricey, but you get what you pay for. It is located in the middle of the Rocks District and is a short walk to Circular Quay (Sydney Harbor Bridge and Opera House), restaurants, post office and other shops. The rooms were huge and the beds were extremely comfortable. The bathrooms were also very spacious, with a great shower and large tub. The entire hotel was just beautiful.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>leslie_SF
<Content>Wonderful stay at the Observatory       The Observatory Hotel  
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>73Duck
<Content>Stellar Stay       3rd Floor of Hotel  
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>LondonScott
<Content>Great Location, luxury hotel, fab staff, go elsewhere for breakfast The hotel is perfect for sightseeing in Sydney, we spent six nights at the hotel but avoided breakfast which was expensive for the quality and choice you got. Try RD's down the road which is run by a couple from the UK who welcome tourists and happy to chat to you and offer a great choice of breakfast at a good price. The hotel overall had excellent staff - our rooms were always so clean and tidy and everyone we spoke to was very helpful. Check in was quick and easy and the concierge was the best we have ever had the pleasure to deal with. Simon was particularly helpful and was always on hand to make recommendations from blue mountain tours to hairdressers! He always made sure we got a taxi and the driver was instructed carefully. Be warned that not all taxi drivers know where they are going!!overall an excellent stay in a five star hotel - my only criticism was the sharp price of phone calls from the room and breakfast.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>froggie79
<Content>Heavenly Divine What a truly pleasurable night away from the children!!! Staff are superb - not an ounce of superiorism in such a classy establishment. Restaurant is world class and everything is simply superb!  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BCMck
<Content>Just lovely.. We stayed at the Observatory Hotel in mid October 2008 as a kick off to our honeymoon. The hotel is in a great location fair enough away from the hustle and bustle that there is no noise or crowds, yet close enough to walk wherever you need to go. The place is extremely (for lack of a better word) 'posh' - so if you are after a relaxed setting and somewhere very easy going this isnt the place for you. Think more 'royal' and thats what the observatory is, the staff while alwasys very nice and courteous can be a little pretentious and it sometimes felt more like a strictly business hotel, than a hotel for the traveller or romantic getaway. Breakfast was fantastic and a must do is the afternoon tea. The pool and spa facilities are really nice and generally very quiet aswell.Overall we had a great stay but probably not somewhere we would stay all the time as its not always fun being surrounded by business men in suits.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>hkExeterNSW
<Content>Sydney's best hotel We once again had the pleasure of dining and staying over. Maybe it is maturity enhancing one's appreciation but I'd swear that The Observatory Hotel just gets better and better.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LJWNYC2008
<Content>Simply perfection We stayed here the last night of our honeymoon and were blown away. It was beautiful, well maintained, modern yet very, very cozy. It's also in a lovely location - so close to the attractions, but in more of a residential area and right near the Observatory, which we found preferable to being among the impersonal, high-rise buildings of downtown Sydney. The staff was incredibly helpful and made us feel so comfortable. Highly, highly recommend - I wish we'd stayed longer!!  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>melachocolat
<Content>Loved the location I was really looking forward to this one. It is for sure a nice - old style hotel. Once the concierge warmed up to me - he was great too. However, I stayed there for a week and staff only greeted me in a welcome back way the last couple of days - so the personal touch was missing and I found that really dissappointing. Internet access is far too expensive.The best thing is the location. You can walk around easily and there are nice bars and restaurants in the area.Would I return...maybe.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	3	2	

<Author>travelmika
<Content>outstanding boutique hotel with impecable service This hotel was wonderful. It is only a 10 minute walk to the harbor, etc. The concierge service was impecable. We mailed a package back to the us; however it was not signed for at home and it was mailed back to australia. Due to the incredible service of the concierge, they were able to trace and get it back to us and kept us up to date the entire time. Every restaurant tour they recommended was absolutely perfect. loved it and made our trip to sydney special as it was one of 9 stops as we went around the world.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>travelinggirlusa
<Content>Loved the Observatory Large rooms, beautiful bathrooms; helpful, friendly staff. Concierge had great recommendations on restaurants and was even willing to shop for Christmas ornaments for us in a few months and then ship them back to the USA. Don't miss the pool -- it's gorgeous! Great location as well, right between The Rocks/Circular Quay and Darling Harbour, with the Observatory (a great place to learn about the southern hemisphere stars -- take the night tour) right across the street.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>annanewzealand
<Content>Best Hotel in Sydney This is my favourite hotel in sydney. It is in a great location, has really comfortable rooms, a spa area with a beautiful pool that is just spectacular. What really makes the hotel special to me is the staff. They are very attentive and friendly and without exception go out of their way to give great service.. During this stay I was in a spectacular one bedroom suite with a wrap around terrace with lovely views. On my other visits I have had their ordinary rooms, on both sides of the hotel, (street and harbour side) and they were really good value for money.Although if one looks at the location on a map it may seem out of the central area, its just a short walk to the rocks and equally a few blocks to the cbd. The plus is all rooms have opening windows, some have balconies and some terraces. That is a rare find in a city hotel. It is a really classy hotel but very causal and relaxed and an ideal place to unwind.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Daxidel
<Content>The Great Gatsby Highlight: Observatory hotelI am sitting at a redwood desk writing out my thoughts with a pen, something I have not done in more than two decades. On an academician鈥檚 salary, I cannot live a life of quiet luxury, but I can steal it for a day, and I have. My hotel has a roaring 20鈥檚 decor and looks like it was frequented by the Great Gatsby. My room has curved ceilings and is upholstered in thick multivaried materials. The red, olive and cream drapes line a spectacular full wall view of Sydney鈥檚 bay. I see both boats and birds sailing by, and below are rustic-roofed brick tenements. It is very quiet. And 鈥?oh my goodness, there is now a full rainbow in my view! The bed is soft with goose down and the room service coffee is a delicious French roast . I mean to swim in the Observatory鈥檚 famous planetarium pool , but I don鈥檛 want to leave my room. [A sidenote: The Observatory was the ONLY hotel to provide an American style 鈥減ot鈥?of coffee. Everywhere else, I had to order double cappuccinos.] I did finally go to the pool and spa. The steam in the steam-room was heavily scented with lemongrass. The Asian influenced food (vegetable curry, rice soup with shrimp and calamari) at the Observatory was perfect. When asked how spicy I wanted it, I replied 鈥淎merican-medium鈥? and the server nodded as if this were a perfectly reasonable response. My choice of table, one in front of the window by the piano and antique book-shelves, was reserved for me for the duration of my stay. ps 鈥搕he books were all original editions from the 1800鈥檚, but they were too boring to read.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>discerningtraveler11
<Content>Loved It I took my wife to the Observatory hotel for a weekend for her birthday and the overall experience was sensational. The hotel does not have the views of the bigger 5 star hotels however what it lacks in views it more than makes up for in service and professionalism. The SPA/health facilities are fantastic and the service is awsome. I would highly recommend the hotel to anyone vsiting Sydney. Giev the others a miss and make the Observatory your first choice.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>dad_loves_golf
<Content>The Observatory was outstanding Our family (2 adults and 2 children) just stayed at The Observatory Hotel in Sydney and had a wonderful stay. The hotel is well located in The Rocks area of Sydney. The rooms we stayed in were well appointed and spacious. The many hotel staff were consistently nice and helpful at all times of the day and more importantly, very efficient.It was a pleasure to stay at The Observatory. We recommend the hotel to anyone, whether traveling for pleasure or for business.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SydneyQuilts
<Content>Pure Bliss My Husband and I stayed here for our 25th Wedding Anniversary.It was everything we had expected  more. From the moment we arrived, the staff were all smiling and very courteous. The Porter, who took us to our Executive Suite, showed us how to use all the facilities in the room - air con, 2 tv's, the heated towel rail in the bathroom, where the mini bar was etc. The room was well appointed with umbrella's, robes  slippers. We had lunch in the Globe Bar and were greeted warmly. The waitress was even so kind as to find out where the olives came from in my Husbands Nicoise Salad. Then it was off to the Spa for a massage, where we did not want to leave! Dinner in Galileo's was supurb. The food, the staff  the wine, surpassed our expectations. They even remembered a brief conversation I had with them a month before  presented us with a lovely plate, that had Happy Anniversary written in chocolate with gorgeous petit fours. The morning we left, my car was washed  vacuumed as we had asked  we left feeling totally relaxed. We only live 30 minutes from this hotel  we felt we had been miles away The decor is old world and oh, so elegant. Obviously not a cheap experience, but one well worth it. A fitting night for our anniversary.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Hen-nyTN
<Content>Wonderful hotel My husband and I loved our cozy comfortable and very spacious room in this beautiful old building. Breakfast was delicious and beautifully served. Best of al was the service, especially by the concierge staff, led by Michael Anderson. They were friendly, knowledgeable and always helpful.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>SAGlobetrotters
<Content>Watch out for the espresso! My wife and I stayed at the Observatory hotel in July. I certainly have no hesitation in recommending the hotel to those looking for a very comfortable place to stay in Sydney.The location is convenient and within easy walking distance of the centre of the city and the Rocks. We found the staff to be extremely helpful at all times. The rooms are of a high standard - furnished with antique style furniture and with very large bathrooms. The indoor pool is quite spectacular.Our only concern was with the breakfast provided by the hotel. We arranged a package inclusive of full buffet breakfast each day. On the first morning, I was approached by the waiter and asked if I would like coffee with breakfast. I accepted. After finishing the coffee, I was offered another which I again accepted. It disappointed me that I was given a $14 bill at the end of breakfast (each coffee cost $7!) There was no alternative in terms of self serve coffee. I have stayed at many inferior hotels to the Observatory both in terms of price and overall service around the world and have never found coffee not to be included with a full breakfast. By charging for what is a routine part of breakfast, the hotel does itself a disservice.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>WizardCanberra
<Content>Top place to visit This was a lovely place to stay, within walking distance of The Rocks district and the weekend market, within walking distance to the Queen Victoria bld. and great shopping. It had been recommended to us by good friends who visit top accommodation spots regularly.It was quiet, beautifully appointed in an old world Engish charm way, we had a jnior suite which was really lovely, lots of room, great bathroom and very attentive staff.The breakfast was excellent and apart from the restaurant in the Hotel there were many up market or inexpensive other restaurants in the same street.We had a great time, the staff on the front door and concierge were just lovely - friendly and very helpful - the Head Person on at the Breakfast Restaurant was just charming - and all staff could not be more helpful.. Really good service. I would recommend it to my friends - so I recommend it to you.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>PaulFinchley
<Content>Exceptional service; a real paradise that we will always remember Not the best of locations, but the hotel's charm more than makes up for this....Genuinely pleasant staff welcome you like you are royalty - and everyone deserves that treatment. Unlike other five star hotels The Observatory realises that just because someone may be wearing jeans it doesn't mean they aren't 'worthy' of the same attention as a middle aged business man in a suit. In fact, The Observatory staff probably realise that the person in jeans may just earn more than the business man, or may even be a slightly younger business man on vacation.....either way this is the only hotel I've ever been to where hey treat everyone the same. It's a refreshing change....The rooms are to die for - pure luxury. We stayed in a junior suite and were suitably impressed at the size of the room (we usualy stay in full suites but this more than matched any we have stayed in for quite some years). The indoor pool is pure relaxation, the restaurant food is bliss....I could go on but it's important people considering Sydney as a holiday destination be told the truth: this is truly the most luxurious hotel in Australia, do not consider the chains at all - the Shangri La, in particular, isn't a patch on this.You haven't holidayed until you have stayed at The Observatory.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TheClairvoyant
<Content>Exceptional This is one place I have wanted to stay since living literally next door to it 10 years ago, but being a local, it's been very hard to justify until I had a very early flight to catch the next day so it seemed just as good as an airport hotel.It's located in a very odd part of Sydney, somewhere that should be one of the wealthiest places on earth, but is largely made up of government housing (although housing that is made from stunning 100 year old terraced houses). I could definitely see this being quite off-putting if you didn't know the area, I had to walk over a drunk lying in the street (literally), together with some hoons having a party across the road. But having lived on the same road some years ago, that didn't bother me in the slightest and for some reason, once you are in the hotel - its as though the rest of Sydney has vanished. Also, it's only 5 mins walk to The Rocks and Circular Quay.We had a water-view suite - but I think that description was not entirely honest. The suite is basically a very large single room, and the water view, well - thats across a few rooftops and then is only the remaining commercial docks. I have to say that the room itself was a little tired and had a slightly dusty feeling to it. Very reminiscent of it's sister hotel in fact, Lillianfells in the Blue Mountains. Both built with a European frame of mind and better suited to the winter months. However, for some reason I can't explain, this didn't bother me either - the whole place just has this atmosphere of relaxed sophistication that is so hard to describe. The staff are all superb, as ever we had our toddler with us but nobody gave us dirty looks - in fact he got spoiled more than anywhere else with personalized ginger bread men, etc.We ate in the Galileo restaurant which is too stunning to describe. The sommelier was one of the best I have ever encountered, stunning wine choices to go with the degustation meal - which IMHO is second only to Le Normandie in the Oriental, Bangkok. One thing that did irritate however was when the head chef decided to join a Japanese couple for quite some time. Left me wondering who was actually cooking the superb food for which he was taking all the credit.This place is not cheap, not cheap at all, but if you are in Sydney and want something that little bit more special, I don't personally know of anywhere that would be better.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>FamilyfromBris
<Content>Beautiful, refined hotel with great service We moved to this hotel after 2 awful nights in a serviced apartment in McMahons Point. Sydney was busy at the time and it took us a while to find last minute accomodation...a junior suite at the Observatory was pretty much all we could find, and while quite expensive, was worth every penny!The hotel itself is just beautiful with a lovely, calm lobby and a gorgeous ground level bar/cafe with beautiful artwork and lovely, refined service.Our room was quite amazing, very old world, which is such a nice change from the modern hotels and the serivce was spectacular.Our two young boys were allowed to babysit the hotel's pet fish for their stay. They were spoiled by concierge and were sent up beautiful plates of chocolates and gingerbread men, each with their name inscribed in chocolate. Just lovely!The pool is lovely, and just perfect for relaxing. It's an inside pool, but one of the better ones ive seen.Would definitely recommend the hotel, though as its not in the heart of the cbd, and without any neighbouring shoppin areas, you should probably avail yourself of the morning limo that takes you into the city.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	4	5	5	4	

<Author>alkira_roaming
<Content>A splendid place in Sydney It had been several years between visits, but we found The Observatory Hotel as lovely as ever. The service was highly personal and helpful, and our wedding anniversary was very thoughtfully acknowledged.When booking we were worried, as some reviews have suggested that the hotel is 'tired'. This was not our experience at all. It is certainly not a modern design hotel - it is a traditional establishment furnished in tasteful, classic style. The room was fresh with clotted cream carpets and walls, and beds and windows generously swathed with elegant floral prints and silks. Our executive suite featured a pretty dressing table, a deliciously long and deep bath, and l'occitane products. TVs still live in mahogony armoires, rather than the latest flat screen, but there was a bose i-pod docking station. It is very much the kind of room you would find in a fine European hotel, and offers something quite different from other 5 star Sydney hotels.If it is spectacular harbour views that you seek, The Observatory is not for you. We don't mind this at all, as we have visited Sydney many times, and we enjoyed our 'water view' room, looking out the large window, over some of Sydney's oldest houses and a shipping dock, to the ferries and other harbour traffic tootling to and from Darling Harbour, and the Balmain Peninsula. I also think that the streetscape from the rooms along the front of the hotel is quite pleasant - the street is relatively quiet, tree-lined, and a taste of authentic inner-city Sydney life. Actually, it is lovely to stroll around the neighbourhood - The Rocks is Sydney's historic centre, with a jumble of terrace houses, stone pubs, and the nether regions of the city's famous bridge. It is not exactly in the thick of the CBD, but handy enough, and only a short cab ride or leisurely stroll from the city's commercial heart. I have stayed at lots of Sydney hotels, and The Observatory stands out for its charm and hospitality.  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PoppyTT
<Content>Best concierge ever We changed to this hotel whilst in a lounge awaiting to fly to Sydney. We asked for a car to collect us but on arrival to Sydney there was not one there. I called and went through 3 people before I got told there was not one coming. I was annoyed as the queue for cabs was long.At the hotel the reception staff were poor to be honest. Did not really get why I was cross or apologise. I wanted to walk out there and then but Michael one of the concierge's came over and took control of the situation and took us to the breakfast room and we had breakfast on the house.The room (Junior suite with water view)was ok. It was not luxurious but clean and comfortable. It is a 5* but quite old.The location is perfect for the Opera house etc and on a quiet road.Michael and his team are top notch. He was so very very helpful in getting us reservations, car hire, directions etc. Ask him for any help. He makes this hotel!We also went up to the Blue mountains to their sister property for lunch. Terrific!Overall, a high standard hotel which is ready to be modernised. Would stay there again.  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	3	3	5	

<Author>Karina709
<Content>Fab spa Stayed at the Observatory for a night before flying home on a very early morning flight and had mixed experiences with the service received!! On checking in around 2pm we were given a smoking room even though a non smoking had been requested and then when we asked to be changed we had to wait about 40 mins in the bar before this was possible even though this meant that a prebooked spa treatment had to be pushed back and the check in area was very quiet. Also, having paid extra and booked a harbour view room I was disappointed with the actual view we had as we overlooked an industrial area which was in front of the harbour and really it wasn't a very attractive view and certainly wasn't worth spending extra money on. Our meal in the Galileo restaurant was pleasant enough as the service was good and the wine selection very extensive, however I was disappointed with the vegetarian selection on the menu. There was only one choice for the vegetarian main course and I found this to be very bland and unappetizing when it arrived.In contrast our breakfast which was booked as part of a romance package was lovely. The night porter was very accommodating with our breakfast selection and russled up a nice selection even though the kitchen was technically still closed as the chef didn't arrive until 6am meaning no croissants or pastries, and the receptionist in the moring was efficient and friendly when we checked out. Finally.....the treatment in the Spa was fab and well worth the expense!! My treatment was professionally administered by a friendly but not over intrusive member of staff, and the lotions and massage left me feeling very pampered and relaxed. It almost made up for some small niggles about other aspects of our stay that in my opinion shouldn't really be there for a hotel of this quality.  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>WheatStacker
<Content>One of the best hotels I've stayed at I was pleasantly surprised, given the unevenness of the reviews, but also because I rarely find a hotel to be so good, that this was one the best hotels at which I鈥檝e stayed, especially recently. The reception was professional and welcoming, the concierges knowledgeable, eager to help, and very personable, and the Galileo restaurant excellent. Overall the service was great. The room, a deluxe with water view, was spacious, well appointed, and I would say luxurious. It does lack the panache of say the Meurice or the St. Regis, for example, but is very nice. Overall, an excellent hotel, one to which I鈥檇 gladly return.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Computerwhizz
<Content>Simply the best! We stayed recently to celebrate our anniversary. I checked various offers  prices on other sites before calling hotel. Although the package I booked was more expensive than what most other 5 star hotels were offering I was convinced after speaking to the hotel that I would not be disappointed in my choice to stay there. I am so glad that we did because it really was the best. The hotel has a relaxed informality about it compared to some of the big brand names and despite being very busy that weekend they somehow managed to make us feel like we were the only people that mattered. They even knew we were staying for our anniversary at check-in which is something that I must have mentioned when calling. And in our room was a personal welcome card just for the occasion. I really can't remember when I last saw such attention to detail.We felt so very special and that is something you cannot put a price on.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ernestantonia
<Content>No better Concierges Comfortable, relaxing, excellent food and service but the two main Concierges took this hotel to top status; nothing was too much trouble. The hotel has no outside seating area (except over the road by the tennis court) and the bar, although luxurious, lacked atmosphere but these are minor quibbles in the overall five-star picture.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Gooroux
<Content>Lovely hotel We stayed at this hotel for New Year, after researching on Tripadvisor and found the service excellent, food on New Years Eve superb and so different from the usual sky scraper, minimalist type hotels you get these days.Concierge very helpful, not only in recommending where to eat but also producing menu's for relevant restaurants.If ever had the opportunity to visit Sydney again the Observatory would be first choice.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JKSPaloAltoCA
<Content>Pure attentive luxury! I had the pleasure of staying at the Observatory for a business trip to Sydney. Initially, I asked for one of the nicer chain hotels I am familiar with. Thank goodness, co-workers in Sydney alterted me to The Observatory. The moment I entered the hotel after our 14+ hour flight, I was taken care of attentively yet without any snobbery. The hotel is lovely, elegant and personal. The work out room/spa was an oasis. However the best part of my stay was the service. Jerome at the front desk took it upon himself to call Verizon in the US to try to help me get my Blackberry to work internationally. Jerome went above and beyond, as did everyone at the Observatory to make my stay just perfect. I can' t wait to come back, maybe even for a vacation with my family.Thanks for a great stay.Julia  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tammara_sam
<Content>5 star service My recent stay at The Observatory Hotel was more about the experience than it was about the 5 stars. The service that I received was nothing short of outstanding. From the initial welcome at the front entrance by the valet, to the personalised service at the Galileo restaurant, our stay was the best I have ever experienced. Our waiter for dinner was impeccably dressed and patient with our lack of knowledge on wines by choosing his own selection to compliment our food. We felt immediately at ease by the friendly wait staff and the 9 Gourmet Degustation course was perfect! Throughout my stay I felt like I was extremely well looked after. Everyone was so incredibly friendly, even at 3am when we stumbled back from our night out!The ambience and atmosphere created by the Hotel's staff is truly where the essence of The Observatory Hotel lies. I will definitely be back in the future. I highly recommend this Hotel to anyone who is looking for friendly faces to accompany their 5 star luxury.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rags2riches00
<Content>The best of the best I've stayed everywhere in Sydney (not to name names but literally everywhere) and The Observatory was one of the very few hotels I have yet to try. So when I found out that another high end client was coming in and I had to make another trip up, I decided to give it ago. When I checked it I was greeted not only by the receptionist but the hotel manager came out to personally welcome me with a hand shake and spent a few minutes with me just before I was taken to my room. This is the first time any GM or HM has ever taken the time out to introduce himself and I was taken back by the attention to detail he and his team has shown.My room was impressive (can't remember the room number but it was a corner room with a nice balcony that gave me both city views and harbor views). It was perfectly sized and beautifully furnished with little note from the GM along with a few sugar coated strawberries at its side. Mind you, it take a hell of a lot to impress me and by this my mouth was getting sore because everywhere I looked it always seemed to drop to the floor. By far the best rooms in Sydney.I wanted to freshen up before my meeting and I was told by the lad who brought my luggage up that their was a spa downstairs so I decided to check it out. I didn't have any spa treatments (although I was tempted) but I did have a sauna and a steam along with a quick dip in their beautiful pool. All in all, very pleased with the spa and the service the spa provideI took my client to their main restaurant, and we were both very pleased. A bit rich in taste but still very good. Again, service was spot on. If you are to experience The Observatory Hotel, make sure you take some time and enjoy your room. In my mind, the best thing about their property. Their spa. restaurants and service are all just added bonuses. I left feeling better than I arrived and I can't wait to come back and do it all over again.Thank you.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>travelmetender
<Content>above and beyond 5 stars       the breakfeast room  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>nistock
<Content>The Friendly Civilised Observatory There are some hotels which can be recommended, and then there is the Observatory Sydney. I can not adequately express my thanks to the Observatory for rescuing my Antipodean holiday. On day 8 of a 28 day holiday to NZ and OZ I sustained a badly broken left leg going down a mountain too quickly thanks to a defective (non-existent!) brake on a luge in New Zealand. Two days later I arrived in Sydney in a wheelchair, feeling rather sorry for myself, and looking forward to 6 days in Sydney on crutches, or in a wheelchair.My plight was immediately recognised at reception. Although the hotel was full, I was assigned a room close to the lift. That room was spacious and extremely comfortable. In the morning I was allowed to have an excellent breakfast in the bar, rather than the restaurant, as it was closer to the lobby.It was, however, the concierges, who excelled themselves. David and Simon could not have been more friendly and helpful. Nothing was too much trouble. Indeed they went out of their way to provide a wheelchair, obtain a rental car for a day trip, and when a taxi was needed they insisted that I use the hotel limo gratis.This is a smaller hotel in a great location. Thanks to the staff it is also a great hotel. I have stayed in other 5 star hotels in Sydney. This, unquestionably, is the best.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Toabster
<Content>Great Hotel My new wife and I stayed here at the start of our Honeymoon for 4 nights. Overall we found the accommodation, staff, facilities and location to be excellent.Upon an early arrival at the hotel, they were able to allocate us an upgraded room, several hours before our due check-in time. We made use of the spa, restaurant and bar, as well as taking advantage of the expertise of the concierge, as recommended by a previous review, during our stay and were more than happy with all of these aspects of the hotel.The rooms are of a good size with excellent bathrooms. We were not able to detect any need for improvement in the decoration of our room as some previous reviews have noted and can only assume that they were unfortunate in their experiences. The bed was extremely comfortable, and we especially appreciated that each night the bed was turned down, and cold bottles of water were left on each bed-side table with clean glasses. A nice touch. Additional nice touches came in the form of a welcome plate of fruit and a note from the hotel manager wishing us a pleasant stay on our honeymoon.The location of the hotel is great for access to both Darling Harbour and Circular Quay, both about a 5 minute walk away.Whilst breakfast was by no means a cheap affair, the overall value of the hotel that we experienced was high and we would certainly stay here on our next visit and would happily recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a boutique style, well located hotel in Sydney with excellent customer service levels.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>reviewarama
<Content>Gone to Wrack and Ruin I'm not sure which was more sad, to see a once loved hotel fall far from its service heights or to have to endure such appalling service.From the moment of check-in where I was allocated a twin room instead or a double / king room to having to wait 45 minutes for two poached eggs it was in all a terrible stay.I had noticed a slow decline in the decor and service standards over the past few years but I persisted in staying at my favourite hotel in Sydney - never again!The final sign of complete collapse was being sent a bill for extra room service charges incurred by another guest. They sent me their bill, credit card details and address.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	3	3	1	1	2	

<Author>prah001
<Content>Wedding Anniversary My wife and I stayed at The Observatory Hotel (Kent Street) on 16th December 2007 for our one year wedding anniversary. Although we have stayed at other hotels in Europe (5*) but we were very impressed by The Observatory Hotel and we think it was the best service and facilities we have seen. Our stay was very enjoyable and comfortable. We mainly liked the personal touches that the hotel provided. The staff in the restaurant and particularly the bar were wonderful, we also used the day spa facilities and the level of professionalism was second to none. Thank you for the great hospitality.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DublinGemologist
<Content>Needs Renovation in some sections, Also Theft an Issue I am a seasoned traveler. You would be hard pressed to find someone who has stayed in more properties around the world. This is stated simply as a reference.I have stayed at this hotel in the past. The decor has never changed. It's overdue. It is obvious that some rooms have been redecorated and some have not. Additionally, there was a roach in the room (I personally took care of it). The staff is terrific, friendly, etc.We chose to pay our bill (Over US$3,000.) with travelers checks. The front desk clerks were Really put out by the inconvenience this created compared to a Credit Card transaction.We did have a theft issue while storing bags with the concierge. We were discouraged from reporting it to the police by the management. We did it anyway. It is our opinion that someone, with access to the luggage storage room, went through our luggage with the thought that we would only be stopping by to pick up our luggage after travelling through the outback, instead we stayed an additional night. This led to our discovery of the items stolen from our bags while stored at the hotel. We would be happy to provide the Police report # as it is public record to confirm this problem.The most discouraging issue regarding the theft was the inability of the staff to acknowledge they have a security issue. (We have only the most trusted and dedicated staff members, we kept hearing over and over----no apologies)We spent our last day in Sydney worrying about getting the police report completed. Although we have half a day to spend sightseeing around Sydney, we chose to go to the airport because----who would we entrust our luggage to? Not this hotel.We will vote with our wallet next time and choose to stay elsewhere.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sour_dour
<Content>One of the Best We have travelled world wide a number of times and this is the best Hotel we have ever stayed in. The service is exemplary, everyone from Valet parking through to dinner service and checkin/out were fantastic. The decor is divine; pure luxury and the Day Spa is pure indulgence. I especially loved the piped music in the bathroom. Dinner at Gallileo's (Observatory Hotel restuarant) was amazing. Our sommelier gave us exceptional wine service during dinner. A lot of trouble was taken to explain the various wines and he obviously had in- depth knowledge of all the wines. He even went to the trouble of writing down the name of one of the French wines I took a particular fancy to and where I could purchase it from. He clearly does his homework and his dialogue was one of expertise rather than just 'marketing'. It is so refreshing to have such top service without the quick-sell mentality for a change. Our waitresses that evening were both highly informative with the food service and again their product knowledge was outstanding. We felt at ease and as though none of our queries were too much for the staff.  The cooked breakfast was the best we have had anywhere. I am coming back for the Hollandaise sauce alone!! We will be back again next year and look forward to re-living the wonderful experience all over again!  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Smiles58
<Content>Classy We started a 3 week trip with 3 nights here. I had high expectations, but this hotel exceeded them. We have stayed at some of the best city hotels in the world - Mandarin Oriental Hong Kong, Raffles Singapore, Copacabana Palace Rio, etc. This was small but beautifully decorated and extremely personal. Service was outstanding from everyone. Yuhi, the night manager greeted us early in the morning as we arrived and showed us to the room with lots of recommendations. The room was great and the views of the harbour weren't the best, but we didn't expect to see the big sights from where this hotel is. The breakfast was splendid, and served with real style. We didn't have dinner in the hotel due to the choice in Sydney, but the restaurant is worth a try on a longer trip. The pool is the best indoor city hotel pool we've ever seen. Very relaxing with the starry ceiling. Make the most of Michael, the senior concierge. He was so helpful, booked us the best table at Cafe Sydney (you must go for the food and the view), and was full of thoughtful suggestions which made a big difference to our trip. Close to the Rocks (5 mins walk), but slightly off the busy beaten track, this hotel is a great choice. It's also close enough to walk to the bars and restaurants in Darling Harbour and King Street Wharf, so a great spot.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jimboGoulburn
<Content>this place is great do it My wife and I stayed at the Observatory hotel it was on 21st and 22nd October (Room 223).I also read several reviews about this place some good and some bad.We are just 2 ordinary people and have 9 children between us so you can appreciate that finances arent free flowing.But we got married on the 20th and I* booked several months in advance for 2 nights.Well i dont know what a hotel has to do to please people or what people expect for there money we found that ALL the staff were friendly and went out of there way to help us and get us anything we wanted. from the moment we arrived and yes it was on the motorbike, we were met at the the front door and helped to unload the bike we were followed to the desk and had the lift waiting for us to take us to our room we were shown all the features of the room and our bags placed in a cupboard for us.then straight to the underground pool well what can we say ..Awesome. My wife needed her heat pack warmed throughout the night due to a sore back and this was done at 2 am with a smile. So it was time for breakfast scrabbeled eggs and bacon, there was so much i couldnt eat it all the waiter was very professional and friendly, my wife had the pancakes with strawberries in her words they were incredible.Yes it is not the cheapest hotel but when you chose to spoil yourself this is the place to do it and you should do it once in your life. this place is great ,the turn down service and the touch of the water beside the bed was nice. Babita even folded our clothes for us. Go to this place and discover it for yourself... Jim and lisa  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DenTrav
<Content>Great hotel We stayed here as part of our honeymoon trip around Australia back in April 2005. I've been meaning to review it ever since - it remains one of my favorite hotel experiences of all times. I'm not usually someone who cares very much about service, and I also tend to like more modern (hip? artsy?) hotels. But everything about the Observatory was perfect. The staff knew who you were, but weren't obtrusive in any way. The room was beautiful, the location excellent... all in all, the epitome of a 5* experience!  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wipeout75
<Content>Genuinely exceptional This was our second visit and it was just as good as we remembered. Obviously a brilliant location and service was understated efficiency at its best. Make use of the concierge - I think they are the best Ive ever used anywhere. Superb Spa. Cracking rooms - super comfy beds (huge) and amazing bathrooms. Not really sure what else they can do to make it any better! Brilliant - and justifiably expensive.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>julieanne
<Content>The Claridges of Sydney The Observatory has everything you could want from a 5* hotel. From the moment of arrival at reception (where I was greeted with 'happy birthday' from the receptionist) to the blissful swim in its starry ceilinged swimming pool, everything about our one night stay was perfect. Thoughtful touches like bottles brought up to the room in their pouches (without asking) to the plate of cakes and strawberries in my room on arrival (due to it being a Significant birthday) were much appreciated! Despite the cakes undoing all the Good from my swim. The toiletries are Occitane, and generous. The bed, big and firm. The decor traditional and warm. I would recommend The Observatory for anyone wanting to feel cocooned and that little bit special. It isn't the cheapest of hotels, but you really do get what you pay for. Just remember, the view isn't of the main harbour, but of the back harbour -- which is interesting anyway.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SydneyConcertGoer
<Content>Perfect Stay at the Observatory I booked a city-view room at the Observatory hotel after weeks of weighing up the pros and cons of various nice hotels around Sydney, reading reviews, checking prices, etc. As it was a special occasion, I wanted to find a hotel that could pretty much guarantee a perfect stay, so my expectations were fairly high.The Observatory allows small pets in some of its rooms, so I initially got in contact with them via email to see if there are any rooms that have not had animals in them, due to allergies. Luckily only select rooms are pet-friendly, so this was fine. The customer service via email was so good (the girl was very helpful and friendly) that I ended up booking a room this way. As my budget was low, I could only afford the cheapest room - a city-view room - and breakfast (valued at $45 per person) at the restaurant was included for no extra charge, which was great.Booking the lowest-priced room, I expected that it would be pretty small, but the photos on the site looked very nice, and it's sort of old-fashioned, and just a bit prettier than some of the more modern hotels. To my surprise, the room was actually very large. By city-view, it's more a view across the street of houses, but this was quite nice, and the street wasn't at all busy. Being able to open a window (in addition to air-condioning, of course) is a bit of a novelty after staying in high-rise hotels. The bathroom was fairly large as well, and as beautiful as the rest of our room.The staff were extremely efficient, polite, welcoming and professional at all times, and we were even taken to our room by a staff member. Despite my high expectations, the Observatory Hotel and its staff managed to exceed these expectations. The strawberries waiting for us in our room were unexpected and a nice touch.We thought the batteries in the remote-control for the television might have been flat, and within moments of us giving them a call, they were at our door with replacements (turns out we were just having trouble figuring out how to use it!). Breakfast in the restaurant the following morning was very impressive. The staff were great, and the food was fantastic. The general atmosphere was sophisticated, yet almost old-fashioned in the best possible way. We were really treated like royalty!Check-out was as quick and easy as check-in, and staff didn't neglect to ask if we needed any help with bags, taxis, etc. All in all it was as perfect a stay, and as far as five-star hotels in its price-range go, I doubt that there could be anything better in Sydney!  
<Date>Sep 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Pab_G
<Content>5 star? Yeah Right. I stayed at the Observatory Hotel in Sydney with my fiance in Feb of this year. We booked a romantic weekend getaway. First off, reception couldnt find our booking and were not apologetic for having us wait 20 minutes until they found it. They then told us the room wasn't ready, even though we were checking in 3 hours after check in time. We had to wait a further 40 minutes to get into our room. We were not offered any refreshments while we waited and when we finally got to our room, our luggage wasnt even there yet!We thought that would be the last of our problems!It wasnt!We ordered room service which didn't arrive for an hour which would have been fine if the order wasn't cold and, alas, wrong. Throughout our stay, staff did NOT make us feel welcome and also stuffed up a request from my fiance. He ordered chocolates and flowers to the room for 8pm the Saturday evening. By 9pm they still hasnt arrived so when he asked staff about it, they had no clue and could only organise a plate of strawberries - three of them and 2 were old.Upon leaving, there were several problems with the bill and check out took over 15 minutes. A few days after arriving home, we received a late charge of $120AUD for the minibar which we did not consume. The hotels manager tried to tell us that we had when in fact it was his staff's incompetance.I wouldnt bother with this 5 star dump. Try the Intercon Sydney instead if you want a slice of heaven.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>1	1	4	3	4	1	1	1	

<Author>Traveler-4750
<Content>DIsappointing We had a similar disappointing experience as a previous reviewer of this hotel. We booked a water view king and were escorted to a room with a large dark stain on the lightly colored carpet. We were unable to tell if this was blood, vomit, or food, or how long ago this had happened (had it been cleaned at all?). We told the porter that we would like another room. This took almost 45 minutes, although we explained that we had a dinner date scheduled for 60 minutes after our arrival. We were escorted to a lower floor room (not as good a view), and found it unoccupied but with luggage from another person present, with a note of welcoming to them. We were informed that were bumping this person from an upgraded room. Remarkably, we were never offered an upgraded room, just a lower floor room, and with less furniture. After rushing to get ready for dinner, our next day began by noticing that the desk phone did not work, unless you used the dial pad. Then the TV then quite working (and the turndown service did not report this), so when we arrived late after the opera, it took another hour and multiple visits before a replacement TV (from another room) was brought in. When I informed the on-duty manager that the desk phone auto-dial buttons he was trying to use do not work, he switched to the dial pad, got a connection, and replied, The phone works.. So we had to use the phone by the bed for touch-dialing the rest of the stay, unless we knew the in-hotel reception, concierge, etc., numbers memorized in our head. I also mentioned at the time that the safe did not work, and the next day that was promptly fixed. We thought it remarkable that one ever tried to compensate us in any way for our time lost, and the worse view we were given from the initially offered room, (no champagne, like with a previous reviewer) and when we checked out, the same on-duty manager had a chance to do something nice for us, but he didn't offer. We did like the spa and the overall ambiance, but one may do as well or better elsewhere for the $414 (AUD) we were charged per night. Also, worth noting among the facts that you will not be told - large cargo ships from all over the world dock atthe port adjacent to the hotel, not only obscuring the view from the lower floors, but also making all sorts of loud noise throughout the night as they work on their machinery to offload their cargo. A city view room may be more quiet, at the upper floor level. Overall, beware of this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>amkaplan
<Content>The Observatory is a fantastic hotel This is a beautiful hotel. The rooms were amongst the nicest we have ever stayed in. It is very luxurious. The staff at the hotel was excellent, friendly and very knowledgeable. Room service was very fast and the food wonderful. The indoor pool is amazing. The location is a bit out of the way if you want to walk around downtown Sydney. We had a wonderful experience here.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PNPathman
<Content>Best we've stayed at This is a real gem of a hotel. We've stayed in many hotels, in many countries, and this has got to be the best yet, and we only had a basic room. The room was superb and very roomy with huge bed TV cabinet, desk, table for two and lounge chair with ottoman. Our room faced the street but noise was not a problem. Bathroom was lovely and the whole room immaculate.What made the hotel particularly special was the staff and the attention to detail. A lot of thought had gone into making our stay enjoyable. All the staff were extraordinary in their approach.We had one meal at the hotel and this was a lovely 7 course degustation amply complemented by wine selected with the help of an excellent sommelier. We'll be back!  
<Date>Jun 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lilirishstar
<Content>very nice, neighborhood location The Observatory Hotel is an Oriental Express property and it truly does have the highest attention to detail I have ever witnessed. The personal service was outstanding. They provided everything we asked for and more (although I guess they don't use curling irons in Sydney as they could not come up with one of those) Being only a couple of stories high there was a very small amount of street noise coming in.  It is indeed located near Sydney's historic Rocks district, although somewhat off the beaten path. It is locating in a little neighborhood with a view of a working port. We made the walk to Circular Quay many times which was not bad at all. It's coming back up that hill at the end of a long day that gets you. In conclusion, if you are looking to be pampered in a luxurious accommodation, and you want to dine and shop in the Rocks, this is your place. If you plan on using the ferry a lot, spending a lot of time at the Opera house and Botanical Gardens, then stay downtown.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Tar Heel Bill 92
<Content>Great hotel stay--with one dining caveat My partner and I recently visited Australia for almost 3 weeks; we began and ended our time there in Sydney and stayed at the Observatory Hotel. (For comparison purposes, we also stayed at the Empire Retreat in the Margaret River area, the Park Hyatt in Melbourne, and Lizard Island.) As frequent world travelers for both business and pleasure, and as travelers who often stay at Four Seasons level hotels and boutique properties, we must say that the Observatory most often lived up to its reputation as a world-class hotel Our iniitial and most significant visit was for 3 nights in a Water View Executive Suite (A$624). We arrived very early on a Friday morning from the USA, and were delighted that our suite was available at such an early hour (possibly helped by the fact that we visited out of season). The suite was spacious, 2 large slightly oval shaped rooms with an adjoining spacious hallway between them with a nicely-sized bathroom. It was certainly well-appointed in a more traditional European fashion as expected. Our water view looked out onto the harbour--not the opera house or bridge view, but onto another section of the harbour with a more working port view. We knew that, already. Still, we enjoyed the view. (My partner is an engineer, and was fascinated watching the ships load and unload). Also, as someone who requires it to be quite cool to sleep, the room easily cooled to the chilly 16-17 degrees C (or 58-60 degrees F) that I need.Service at the hotel was flawless, and our breakfasts were absolutely charming. The server, whose name I cannot recall, was wonderful. He remembered our orders and preferences after our first breakfast--to our immense surprise. Service does take a bit longer than Americans are accustomed to experiencing, but that isn't unusual in more European settings, of course. The hotel is located in a very pleasant residential area not far from the tourist center. It was a very simple 10 minute walk to the Rocks area where the Sydney Opera House and Harbour Bridge are located. I must confess surprise at how close they were, as I'd read so many complaints about the fact that the Observatory isn't well located. We liked being a little bit out of the way while needing only a short walk to get to the center of things. If you prefer to be in the heart of things, perhaps the Observatory isn't for you. However, we did stop by the Park Hyatt since we had also considered that property. Thankfully, we chose the Observatory. Though the Park Hyatt is certainly a nice hotel, it is quite ugly from the outside. Its interior is a contemporary sleekness, though a bit manufactured for our tastes (which also turned out to be true for the Park Hyatt in Melbourne). Service seemed nice at the Park Hyatt, as someone was more than willing to show us an Opera House View Deluxe Room there. We were unimpressed. It was a spacious single room looking directly onto the Opera House--but it cost significantly more (A$950) than our 2 room far-more spacious suite at the Observatory--not to mention the fact that any 1st floor level hotel rooms look out immediately onto a public walk area, giving you very little privacy. Personally, I had enough view of the Opera House from just hanging out at the Rocks area a few times!In any case, we were thrilled that we had chosen the Observatory and that we would be returning after the rest of our Australian adventure...for one night before returning to the USA.Our second stay for just the single night was a refreshing return. We again had a Water View Executive Suite (A$724), a little more expensive this time for reasons we were never sure about, but so it goes--besides, we only had it for one night this time around. It was a diffrerent configuration, with a squarish living room and a short hallway with bathroom connecting to the squarish bedroom. It also offered the same harbour view as before. We must say we preferred the original configuration, but this one did offer a small balcony off the bedroom. Your choice, I suppose, as to which you might prefer. The first was more spacious, but the second offered a balcony onto the harbour view. This room took a little more time to cool down to my liking, but it did eventually get cold, fortunately.The only caveat we had with either of our stays was dinner on our last evening during our second stay. We had arranged to have dinner at the hotel restaurant, Galileo, with 5 of our friends in Sydney for our last night. Since we arrived on a later flight from Lizard Island and Cairns, we had a reservation for 7 people at 9:30 pm. Upon being seated, the server informed us that we needed to hurry because the kitchen was closing at 10 pm. This was quite irritating, since we definitely like to dine--and dinner was a prefixe cost that was quite substantial (A$130 per person, if I recall correctly, for 3 courses). No one warned us when we made the reservation that the kitchen closed at 10, nor do I believe that should matter. If a restaurant takes a reservation, especially for its own guests, then it should honor that and give us the same culinary and service experience, period. Unfortunately, in this case, the courses felt quite rushed, and we suspect that the meal quality suffered as a result. None of our meals really were that great, and for such a hefty pricetag we all were quite disappointed. At the end, the server almost threw a fit because we wanted to split the check between 4 credit cards. Not exactly the service on which the hotel or restaurant's reputation are to be based, I expect. Still, my partner and I will gladly return to the Observatory Hotel. We recommend it highly, though we are not so enthusiastic about their restaurant for dinner!  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>themonkeysonholiday
<Content>Not normally where we would stay but we loved it My husband and I have just returned from a wonderful 5 night stay at the Observatory. We generally stay in contemporary boutique hotels and were planning to stay at the Establishment. However, having read the reviews on trip advisor about the noise at the Establishment and the wonderful reviews at the Observatory we opted for the latter and it did not disappoint.The hotel is centrally located but is on a quiet street. It is classic and a little like a country home (not our style) but the service and attention to detail is incredible and faultless. The rooms were large with all the amenities you would expect. They were some lovely touches e.g. one night one of the energy companies was doing some work in the area and there was a letter apologising from the manager together with a torch and extra water. The swimming pool is beautiful.One small comment is that breakfast was expensive - 45 Australian dollars and we opted to skip this and eat at the perfectly adequate cafe at the end of the street. There is also a wonderful fish restaurant a few blocks down called Fish on the Rocks - it was always packed.  
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>LikesALittleLuxury
<Content>Pretty disappointing start My partner and I recently stayed at the Observatory Hotel in Sydney for 2 nights. We booked well in advance and also spent quite a bit on spa treatments.Once checked in, we were really disappointed to find food stains all over the carpet. After trying to decide whether or not it was appropriate to complain we concluded that considering the amount of money we were paying it wasn't good enough. First reception sent up a cleaner, armed with carpet cleaner, to fix the problem (with us still in the room). He took one look and decided it would be easier for us to shift and later have the carpets steam cleaned. So, after some wait and several more phone calls, we were moved to a smaller, older room on a lower level floor (first floor, much louder and no security set-up in the lift as with the other levels). We had also paid for a water view, so the lower level wasn't as good in this regard either. When we entered, there was a dirty food plate on the table and the ironing board was left out and set-up for use. It was obvious the room hadn't been properly cleaned after the last guest!After several more phone calls we were moved AGAIN. This time same level, different up-graded room with a bottle of champagne waiting for us. All up I think we had spend close to 1 hour being moved around so as nice as the champagne was we had still wasted time and were late for a dinner date. I am also 7 1/2 months pregnant so the champagne wasn't much use.On a positive note, the hotel restaurant is very keen to please and will cook you just about anything on request. The staff were also very nice and helpful through-out the whole hotel and besides our carpet everything is very clean and beautiful.Our only other complaint was in regards to the parking arrangements. We had a hire car and were told upon arrival that it would be parked for us BUT no-one told us that this would cost $40 and another $40 everytime we wanted to use it. There is no other option besides don't bring a car.I am sure there might be 100 other better options in Sydney if you are prepared to spend this kind of money but I would probably give the Observatory another shot next time. I just hope we weren't mucked around because we didn't look quite the part (a bit hard after travel and pregnancy). Maybe not...  
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	1	5	4	4	

<Author>wannabetravellerliz
<Content>Great place to stay Quote from letter to manager of the hotel: I've now just returned to the UK but would like to thank you and your staff. I had a wonderful trip to New Zealand and Australia, and my visit to the Observatory certainly stands out as a highlight. The hotel is so superbly located but at the same time away from the main area of hotels and thus feels much more of a home. It was a pleasure to come back to at the end of each day - I was usually very weary and footsore from sightseeing! I would also like to compliment all your staff but in particular Simon the concierge who was so helpful to me in sorting out arrangements that I had made for a tour which didn't actually take place! I also loved the swimming pool! I am a regular swimmer and used most of the hotel pools on my 6 week trip, but yours really was by far the best - an absolute delight  
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>howardgraham
<Content>1st class hotel what a wonderful presentation of this superb hotel. staff rooms facilities were all great.the position is just 10 min walk from the centre of town or the harbour and nothing is to much trouble for the very profeesional staff.we loved it  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>misshelen
<Content>A Faultless Pleasure If you crave the slimline, high design anonymity of a corporate 5 star, don't bother with this place. However, if you're looking for a timeless haven staffed entirely by personable, but not familiar, people who seem to delight in recalling your name, your coffee preference and the kind of day you had, don't bother with anywhere else.It reminded me of nothing so much, in terms of service and impeccable taste, as the Halekulani in Waikiki. Staff will engage as much or as little as you wish and an overall service ethic seems designed to calculate your needs even before you have identified them. You need an invigorating juice this morning, said the breakfast Maitre D. He was perfectly right.Unlike many hotel restaurants, Galileo actually delivers intriguing, fresh fusion cuisine with a genuine emphasis on fresh produce. The pool is heaven. Even for an habitually picky traveller, there was nothing to merit complaint in this mecca of subtly hued luxury. If I'm to complain about anythig it is simply that a world outside of The Observatory exists at all.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>jane02
<Content>Always excellent We have just spent another wonderful weekend at The Observatory Hotel. As always it was a great experience. The staff are friendly, helpful and the room was beautiful. We had a suite No 202 which we have had before. My husband and I believe that this hotel has the most comfortable beds in any hotel we have stayed in. It is about a 10 minute walk to the Rocks, 15 minutes to the main shopping area and 15 minutes to the ferries. We ate at Rockpool Friday night,caught a water taxi over to Balmoral on Saturday and ate lunch at the Bathers Pavillion - then a water taxi back to Circular Quay. FANTASTIC.Jane  
<Date>Jan 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ObservantGuest
<Content>Great Hotel - for Certain Travelers This is undoubtedly a great hotel, but there are some issues to consider before booking. We stayed for four nights just before Christmas, for a strictly tourist visit. We received extremely professional and friendly service. When the business center computer was in use, the concierge set up a laptop. The breakfast staff was especially friendly and efficient despite the many guests at this time. Quality and variety of food at breakfast was also excellent. This hotel avoided the overly huge and opulent lobby of most hotels - and put the money into nice rooms instead. The bedroom and bathroom are both large, with all modern amenities. Separate shower and bathtub was nice. We especially loved the indoor pool and spa area - for us a real plus. The light jazz music in the friendly bar was perfect after returning from a night out. Here are things to consider: I had trouble changing my online reservation, so I called and received very friendly service from the reservation clerk - and AUD$20 per day lower price than the online booking offered for the exact same room. The waterview rooms are indeed waterview, but over some industrial docks. If you're looking for the iconic view of Sydney Opera House from your room, this hotel does not have it. The walk to The Rocks tourist area is 10-15 minutes - not bad if you're only doing it once or twice, but if you want to visit there many times. . . . All in all, a great hotel, but at this price, some of these things - most related to location - may make you think twice.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	4	5	4	

<Author>jen16m
<Content>Second class treatment While The Observatory is an impressive property, the level of service falls far below the standard of the amenities. After reading the hotel website's claims about its superior standards, we booked an internet weekend package on another website to celebrate our wedding anniversary. After making advance arrangements for babysitting and all the other logistics that come with a weekend away once children arrive, we arrived shortly after check-in to be told that there were no double rooms, as described on the website. Instead, we were being upgraded to a room with two King singles. We politely declined the upgrade pointing out that it was our wedding anniversary and we would prefer a double bed. Reception told us that there was nothing they could do, as the hotel reserved the right to reallocate rooms booked over the internet. There was no attempt at service recovery - not even an offer to make up the singles as a double - and to add insult to injury, the platter of strawberries which made up part of the internet deal never arrived. We made the best of our stay but didn't witness any of the superior service or attention to guests' needs which the hotel's publicity promised. All in all, a disappointing stay - clearly those who book over the internet are second-class citizens at The Observatory.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rachelnycsyd
<Content>Finest Hotel We've Been To We stayed at The Observatory for 6 nights over two weeks (it was our home base as we travelled throughout Australia and NZ). The hotel is stunning, the service is warm and helpful and the location - even though slightly off the beat and path was perfect for us. We arranged our restaurant reservations with the concierge via email from the U.S. They were there to hold our bags and to make sure everything was perfect. As we got back to Sydney from our other destinations - we looked forward to coming back to the Observatory as they made it feel like home. We can't wait to come back!  
<Date>Dec 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>djr76
<Content>Perfect Engagement My husband proposed to me at this beautiful hotel last year. The entire staff was absolutely wonderful, accommodating and truly excited for us during our stay.The room was beautiful; we stayed in a suite overlooking the water and enjoyed amazing sunsets from our balcony. The bathroom was large and luxurious and the canopy bed was very comfortable.We had breakfast in the lobby restaurant every morning which was large and delicious. My favorites were the excellent banana bread and every juice you could possibly imagine.We also had the chance to enjoy the spa. The ceiling of the indoor pool is made to look like a night sky and was a wonderful place to relax. I can't wait to go back some day to celebrate our anniversary!  
<Date>Dec 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Jenny1812
<Content>Excellent hotel Had a wonderful time at this hotel. It is an excellent location since you can take a 10 minute walk to Circular Quay and catch a ferry to pretty much anywhere around Sydney. I can't say enough about the friendly and attentive staff. The restaurant, bar and room service were all very good and the service was excellent. We had a suite which was beautiful and very clean; probably one of my favorite rooms of any hotel I've stayed in. We contacted housekeeping for various extra items and it always took no more than 10 minutes. Again, I can't say enough about this hotel. I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Scarletchez
<Content>Super Hotel We stayed at The Observatory on the first leg of our honeymoon in Australia. We couldn't have been more impressed with the service and welcome that we received. The Concierge was more than helpful whenever we needed him. Had some great excursions while we were in Sydney, including climbing the bridge and visiting the Blue Mountains. We ate in the hotel restaurant - expensive, but a fabulous meal and had full room service one night. The only down side was we arrived on a very early flight from Singapore and had to wait for a hour or so for our room to be ready - but that is all I can say bad - and they looked after us whilst we waited.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>lizzydoc
<Content>A London Style Hotel in a wonderful location in Sydney We just stayed at this hotel for 4 days, November 8, 2006. The location is in a British-Australian colonial neighborhood of wrought ironed terrace houses and historic pubs and hotels, an exact 10 minute walk to the rocks area of shops, ferries and restaurants, and another 10 minutes to the steps of the magnificent opera house. It is a miracle that this charming neighborhood has survived the rampant development of Sydney.The rooms were large, bathrooms also large with showers with rain shower heads as well as needle point. The Spa was wonderful, and the swimming pool and jacuzzi area like Hearst Castle. complete with a starry ceiling of twinkling lights. The management and staff are excellent, and helpful, without being patronizing.The only down side why I would give it 4 and one half circles instead of 5, is that smoking is allowed at the far side of the lobby, but the smell permeates into the beautiful antique book library and restaurant area. They should give the smokers their own room with a door, insulating the smoking smell from the rest of the public areas. With that said, it would be te only hotel that we would stay in Sydney. If you get a city view room facing the street, the noise was not a problem. Get a room with a French door, where you can open it, look at the leafy view of the houses and feel the warmth of the air and sun while eating porridge.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TravellerAussie
<Content>somewhere special We recently stayed at The Observatory Hotel in Sydney. We wanted somewhere special to celebrate our 25th Wedding Anniversary and we were not disappointed. From the moment we arrived until the moment we left the staff we encountered were very friendly and helpful. Including the staff in Galilleo Restaurant.When we arrived at our room late in the afternoon we were pleasantly surprised to see the management had arranged for a bowl of delicious strawberries and another plate with Happy Anniversary written on it in chocolate with delicious petit fours and a lovely card wishing us a Happy Anniversary.We have stayed at other hotels in Sydney before for various special occasions and have never had any special attention.The room as was the hotel is beautifully decorated and once you pass through the front door it's like entering another world. The attention to detail makes this hotel a cut above the rest in Sydney and one you would definitely want to return to.We didn't get to use the pool on this occasion but did go and have a quick look and it's everything we expected. Yes I would have to agree with other reviews we would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>mastertkd
<Content>The Observatory Hotel in The Rocks was first class Hotel was first class! We booked in for our 17th wedding anniversary and casually mentioned it at check in. We were pleasantly surprised when we checked into our room that the reception manager had arranged for strawberries and a selection of small cakes with a Happy Anniversary in chocolate on the platter for us. Most Impressed! Room was great and absolutely no complaints about service. The hotel was in easy walking distance from the rocks and circular quay. All round great stay:)  
<Date>Oct 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Binxy*
<Content>Professional yet friendly This is without doubt the BEST hotel I have ever stayed in. It is classy without being stuffy and the staff are alert and always lend a hand without being told to. The concierge helped me organise last minute activites and took a common sense approach to it. I was well taken care of and my privacy was respected (which cannot be found even in the Hiltons and Hyatts of the country). The details did not require a rocket scientist intelligence to figure out (switches/manuals etc). The perfect place for people possessing common sense!  
<Date>Oct 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Markandlindsey
<Content>Loved the Observatory! We cannot fault our stay at the Observatory hotel - and we would have to say that this is the best hotel we have ever stayed in.The rooms are fantastic and we couldn't think of anything that they didn't have which you would need.The beds are so comfortable that you simply wont want to get out of bed in the morning!The room service/housekeeping are excellent and if you ever call for anything it arrives within minutes. The concierge desk (particularly David and Michael) were excellent with dinner bookings and even getting my boots re-heeled twice at short notice. You can't put a value on service as good as this and it makes your holiday go a lot smoother.We didn't try the restaurant as there didn't seem to be many vegetarian options but i am sure that if we had asked they could have done something for us - our friends that live in the area have told us that it is very good. The breakfast which we had was good and even came with its own toaster - which was good as it meant your toast was hot when you wanted it rather than the normal room service breakfast when the toast turns up cold. My husband used the pool downstairs and said that the facilities were excellent. The choice of spa treatments available was also extensive.Overall we really enjoyed our stay here and wouldn't hesitiate to recommend it to anyone else.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>benbug
<Content>a great hotel I stayed at the observatory hotel in april 2005 as a single traveller. The staff were extremely helpful, my room was available to me when I arrived from London in the early morning. The room was very comfortable and spotless, food was very good as were the spa facilities.I was so impressedwith the hotel I revisited in october and november 2005 with one of my daughters and booked my other daughter in to stay after a buisness trip.I plan to stay at the hotel on areturn trip in 2007  
<Date>Aug 31, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Porpex
<Content>Elegant, off-the-beaten-track Sydney is a heart-stoppingly beautiful city, with its sweeping harbor, temperate climate, and iconic Opera House. The Observatory Hotel is gracious, reserved, and boasts efficacious, courteous service. Our room was handsomely appointed, even if its fussy antiques, beige walls and floral lamps were more reminiscent of Grandmother's taste than our own. Cutting edge it ain't; but it has admirable, old world flair. Our room service waiter Adam was especially cordial and amusing, dropping useful sightseeing tips in a disarming, unobtrusive fashion. The food at the hotel's restaurant Galileo was indicative of Sydney's rising star on the gastronomy scene; truly scrumptious. On the whole, our stay was a gratifying success. But the hotel's location was a bit of a drawback; it's about a fifteen minute work from Circular Quay and the Harbor; and as we passed some of the behemoth hotels with more desirable addresses--like the Four Seasons and the Shangri-La--I couldn't help but wonder if they'd afford better views, and accessibility to the major attractions. (And I'm sure it would be easier to wrangle cabs at either of these rival hotels; some nights, it took almost twenty minutes, in spite of the valiant efforts of our very attentive doorman.) That said--for people who prefer classy, boutique hotels to the corporate chains (however luxe), the Observatory is an elegant option.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	2	4	4	5	4	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>service slower than public transport Five star prices and 1 star service. We ate at their restaurant, choosing a 7 course degustation. We had to wait over 20 minutes for each course to arrive. Even the coffee took this long. No attempt was made to improve this when I commented on it half-way through our 3 1/2 hour ordeal. Their excuse was that they were busy as they were fully booked. This is not an acceptable reason. And honestly, the food was nothing worth waiting for anyway. I have since spoken to someone else who had the same experience there. I did politely put my feedback in a letter to them but have not received a reply. My conclusion - they do not give one iota about their customer service.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pretentious We chose to end my husband's week long business trip with a two night stay at the Observatory. Based on all the excellent reviews we thought this would be the perfect indulgence. This hotel is extremely formal and some of the staff seemed to be be very snobbish. The rooms were luxurious and very relaxing. The bathroom was huge with a large separate rain shower. Our shower did not work - except for freezing cold water.We notified the front desk and a repairman was sent. It was still not repaired by the time we left the next day. We were disappointed - the hotel had to have known the shower was not working when they gave us this room. This hotel was fully booked as we had to wait for another guest to check out before we could check in. For $350. a night we expected things to work. I would definitley not choose to stay again. For all its beauty, this hotel was not reflective of the warmth of Sydney's people.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2006
<Rating>3	2	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>quin-i-bog
<Content>great service, very nice hotel We stayed at this smallish, but charming hotel for 7 nights in total on our recent trip to Australia. The hotel's address is a little misleading, you are a brisk 10 minute walk from the area tourists really call the Rocks, but don't let that put you off - we found that the location was nice and quiet and gave you good access to another area of interest, - Kings Wharf which is just 15 mins walk in the opposite direction to the Rocks. Also don't be misled by the offer of rooms with Harbour views - the harbour in question is Darling Harbour - so you won't get the classic Bridge and Opera House view of Sydney Harbour! All that said this is a very nice hotel - we stayed in junior suites (City view - which means a view over Kent Street and the Observatory Hill opposite the hotel). The rooms (large bedrooms with dining table and chairs and lounge type areas) were very nicely appointed with all the amenities you'd expect from a top class hotel. Room service food and breakfast were both very good, but the International / Japanese fusion menu in the main restaurant was not to our taste and we only dined in one evening. The spa is nice, treatments are well priced and a good standard. The hotel service is excellent - staff were always very helpful with nothing too much trouble . Our stay was split into a 5 night stay followed by 2 nights a week later - the hotel held the bulk of our luggage, provided some services like laundry and dry cleaning while we were away and welcomed us back like old friends - they really were very nice people! I would stay here again and would recommend this hotel to people who don't mind paying a bit extra for good service and perhaps prefer peace and quiet and don't really want to be in the heart of the all the downtown Sydney action!  
<Date>Jun 28, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ozmouse
<Content>Relaxing visit at a great hotel We were able to spend 4 nights at the Observatory over the Anzac long weekend. Everything met my VERY high expectations for this hotel. (had heard so much about it...).Staff were very congenial and professional. Room was more than comfortable and very much above any ordinary hotel room with furnishings, lighting and amenities. Bathroom was very luxurious. We were on the third story facing the street. Really enjoyed the balcony in the mornings, as the street is quiet and the sun plentiful (loved the padded outdoor teak furniture. or more to the point how much I had the plastic/metal options usually at hand.) Also in the evening, we enjoyed watching the fruit bats glide along the length of the street, (below our balcony) into the trees. It was so unique to be in the centre of Sydney, in a hotel with windows that opened, located in a quiet street, 5 min walk from the quay. This was a new experience for Sydney and the Rocks for me. While we did not book spa treatments, we attended the pool/gym daily. I too found the staff less than helpful. Indeed the foyer of the spa area, just off the elevator, is one part of the hotel that is compromised - very small/crowded. But the pool, saunas and spa were all very much above average. Gym small but very well equipped. We did not eat at the restaurant (as we had a long list of other destinations), but did enjoy drinks in the bar. Very comfortable surroundings. It was nice to find a small luxury hotel, with many unique features in the centre of town. No more high-rise modern towers for me!I enjoyed my stay immensely.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Travelhobbyist
<Content>Enjoyed the Restful Observatory We enjoyed our hotel very much. This was our first visit to Sydney and the Observatory Hotel. We found the hotel staff to be very helpful from the time we booked our trip though our departure. We arrived totally exhausted and the hotel managed to fit us in with early arrival. The room was well appointed. The beds were comfortable and we especially liked the little balcony with the ability to open the window to get fresh air. The restaurant provided a wonderful breakfast and a nice place to lounge later in the day. This hotel has an amazing collection of books about fishing, natural studies and sailing. The inside pool is one of the best ever -- and well kept - amazing design. If you like to swim and want to see something special -- then this hotel - is it. The desk staff at the spa were a different story. They were not helpful or inviting or even polite. It seemed an imposition to interrupt their personal chatter to have them answer simple questions. - such as How do I get to the changing room? Do you have towels?Having visited many spas I found this service very disconcerting and unprofessional. Hopefully by my next visit they will have straighted this out and trained the spa desk staff.  
<Date>May 28, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Elegance  My Husband and I stayed at this hotel for the first for our wedding anniversary, We found this place perfect with a great spa rooms wonderful, we had an executive suite with water views and a wonderful Juliet Balcony. The resturant was great and all service impeccable. I have stayed at many hotels in Sydney with views of the Habour Bridge and Opera House but if this is not what you are looking for the Observatory out does them all.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>One special night We recently spent our Wedding anniversay night at the The Observatory Hotel in Sydney. From the time we walked in the door until we departed the following day, the staff made us feel so welcome and made our stay truly special.Our room was tastefully decorated with water views from our private balcony. A bottle of champagne with strawberries was awaiting us, as one of the staff gave us a tour of the suite and explained everything we needed to know to make our stay comfortable. After enjoying our sparkling wine we headed downstairs for some relaxation therapy in the day spa. Absolute bliss!!!!!!.I would have to say that this is the best hotel that we have stayed in and what made it all the more special was the personal touch of all the staff we came in contact with.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>favioladg31
<Content>Excellent Hotel with great staff Like other reviews the hotel was wonderful. The staff were so attentive. We arrived before the check in time so they took our luggage and offered their spa service for us to refreshen. The airline lost one of our bags so they let us know where to get some clothes for the day. Our room had a city view. The room was beautiful and the bathroom was great, the tub was a treat specially after all the walking. The hotel is close to the Rocks area and about 10-20 minutes walking distance from Pitt Street shopping arcades and darling harbour. Every night they will come in and turn our bed, put bottle water in each nighstand and the slippers right next to the bed.The breakfast was delicious with a good variety of fruits, meat and cereal. The buttermilk panckaes were delicious. The staff called us to find out our departing time and they schedule transport to and from the airport. I recommend this hotel to everyone.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A home from Home We had stayed at the Observatory before, ten years ago, and this time enjoyed it just as much. The staff are intelligent and friendly without being obsequious, leaving you alone but being aware if you need them. No request is a surprise and all are happy to help find an answer. The Galileo restaurant is very good and is booked well in advance. The Spa services are also in high demand and need booking. Local walks and plentiful restaurants abound nearby.We needed peace and quiet after moving house and it was a perfect venue for rest and recuperation.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wow Wow Wow  What more can one say. My wife and I stayed on the Name a Star package on our 18th anniversary and I tell you from the fantastic meal in Galileo to the unique naming of a Star for my wife to the room and Pool and massage, we had a stay that will be with us for the rest of our lives - we will most certainly shout out the praises of this fantastic hotel.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>High Tea I attended the advertised high tea with 6 friends, it was celebrating my daughter's birthday. The staff at the front desk were very friendly however, the head waiter was very unfriendly, never smiled once, made our group feel unwelcome as if we were beneath the establishment. There was no explanation of the teas available, we were served well after later arrivals and had to try and get his attention to have a top up of tea as only one 5 cup teapot was served. The surroundings were very very pleasant but spoiled by the head waiter's attitude. If this was a taste of what the rest of the hotel was like I will certainly not recommend high tea or the hotel to anyone.Very very disappointed in the service.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2006
<Rating>2	1	-1	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cotswoldstraveller
<Content>really excellent hotel The Observatory 鈥?stayed in November 2005 for 3 nights - a really classy traditional hotel with excellent rooms and facilities and very competent and attentive service. Location is ok but a little odd with no views at all but access to all the best parts of Sydney is good.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Vixen
<Content>Loved the Observatory Very nice hotel. Lovely rooms, nice bar, and good location - close to everything but quiet too. We loved it - the Concierge was especially good. Would definately recommend it - we also stayed at the Four Seasons in Sydney - the Observatory is far superior.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>AusReviewer
<Content>Not up to the Hype but still pleasant I wanted to catch up with an old mate and share some really special Scotch I had bought back from the last trip to the UK. As I wanted to have a really great weekend I decided to get a hotel room that would complement the rare Scotch I was going to crack open and, having looked at the recommendations of TripAdvisor and Conde Naste it looked like The Observatory was the top pick in Sydney.Looking at their website I found a great sounding 鈥淭o Dine For鈥?package which consisted of a overnight stay in a Executive Suite room, a eight course degustation dinner at Galileo鈥檚 for two, cocktails for two at the Globe Bar, and a Buffet Breakfast for two in Galileo鈥檚. While a little on the expensive side at $945, it nevertheless sounded like a good weekend away so I booked it.We both ended up arriving early at the hotel (about 1310 hrs 鈥?check-in is at 1500 hrs). I wasn鈥檛 met at the car when I pulled up but when I presented at the Concierge鈥檚 desk I was quickly attended and was able to hand off my car keys in less than a minute, and the bellman even checked back with me to see if I wanted my dry-cleaning hanging in the back of the car brought it as well (I had forgot to mention it). Reception staff were very professional and pleasant as well and advised us that while the room wouldn't be available until 1500 we were more than welcome to make use of the Day Spa downstairs. She even checked in two additional bags on the spot and escorted us to the elevator to send us on our way to the Day Spa.The Day Spa was small but nice with separate steam and sauna rooms for males and females (which is a welcome European touch) and I noted that the change room even included razors, shaving cream and mouthwash supplies to use. One minor lapse was that although the receptionist asked if we had our swimming trunks with us (we hadn鈥檛, as mine was in my bag upstairs) we weren鈥檛 offered the guest loan swimwear that they have on hand for just such occasions (I didn鈥檛 know about this I until I asked reception about where my mate could buy a pair of togs from so we could go for a swim a little later in the day). While the steam room was quite nice it would have been good to break up the couple of hours we spent in there with a swim in the pool.We went up to check-in at about 1510 to check in but our room was still not ready and it wasn鈥檛 until about 1540 that we were able to go up to our suite on the third floor. When we did get to the room one odd thing I noted was that housekeeping had left a broken castor wheel on the bed for some unknown reason. The second thing I noticed was that the suite only had one King bed and not two beds like the photo of the room on the website had (although this is my fault for not checking). Not being that friendly with my mate I rang back down and asked to be relocated to another suite with two beds which, to the credit of the hotel, they arranged in less than 20 minutes (as they had to change the bed in another room). While we were waiting for our new room to be ready my mate and I noted with amusement that the walls weren鈥檛 very soundproofed on the third floor as the noise of the very energetic couple next door broke through into our conversation.We moved down to the first floor into the Executive Suite named Ibis (all the Executive Suites are named after carriages on the Orient Express) which I actually liked better (as the layout of the rooms was in a Y shape with the bathroom off the hallway and not off the bedroom) but my mate thought that the furnishings were better on the third floor (although I can鈥檛 say I noticed much of a difference).The Suite had a great bathroom with a really deep bath tub (which we didn鈥檛 use although if I had the time I鈥檓 sure would have been great) and a great rainfall shower with single separate large massage jet shower head that could be turned on in conjunction with the rainfall shower (which is a good touch and is probably the best shower I鈥檝e been in 鈥?and that is against some stiff competition). The bathroom was tops. The bedroom and lounge were pleasant and in line with a five star hotel but not particularly memorable.On a personal pet peeve, from a laptop warrior, is when will hotels stop being idiots and stop having high speed internet services that require you to slog down to reception to buy log-on time (such as the Novotel chain do and as The Observatory required). Even the ridiculously expensive Telstra Hotspot service that some hotels provide is better than this. I want speed and ease when connecting my laptop, not some old world process. To all hotels - Please, please, please follow the Crowne Plaza example and provide either one-click wireless or ethernet hi-speed internet to your rooms that offers capped rates (fees cap at some 24hr access rate). It has been down successfully in a couple of chains and can't be that hard to replicate.Drinks at the Globe were very good, with great bar snacks provided, and we felt so comfortable we even lashed out on some $150 a glass Remy cognac. Our eight course degustation meal at the Galileo鈥檚 was nice and was accompanied by good service from our waiter. While the portions are small they are well-presented and tasty but hungry people are better off choosing something else. We also received a complimentary glass each of Moscato before our pre-dessert course.While the service was good at Dinner at Galileo鈥檚 our buffet breakfast was a disaster for service with wait staff seeming poorly trained, rarely attentive and making very basic food service mistakes (such as delivering an order of raisin toast without any butter, with the toast barely above room temperature). Definitely a souring experience, despite the otherwise tasty hot dishes, so I recommend ordering room service for breakfast instead.Some of the hype about The Observatory is well-deserved, but there are some areas where this old dame of the Sydney hotel market needs some work, and it was a shame to see some very poor performance overshadow the otherwise nice rooms and very good service provided by other members of this hotel鈥檚 staff.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Lovingagoodholiday
<Content>Disappointed Our first impression of the hotel was poor due to the lack of interest from the hotel staff. You would think the check-in person owned the hotel the way she acted! No offer was made to take our bags to the room, and the general attitude was definitely offputting.Room was quite charming, four poster bed, nice sitting room and balcony.Dinner in Galileo's Restaurant was a disappointment. Staff were ridiculously snobby (perhaps they had shares in the hotel as well) and the food was average to say the least. Breakfast was a little better; but it felt like we were seated in a library ... everyone was whispering. Won't be visiting again, much prefer the Shangri-la.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2006
<Rating>3	1	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not the best hotel experience Having studied the web site we were disappointed when we arrived. We unloaded our bags onto the street as there isn't a lobby of visible drop off area. Agree with previous review the location is poor. We had 2 rooms over the street with view of tennis courts, rubbish, locals etc. The hotel was ok but we expected much more. Our rooms were tired and needed some work. The decor was a mismatch and did not create a relaxed feel. We changed rooms but that did not help. The public areas ie lifts, lobbies and corridors we used were grubby and had an 'old world smell'. Next time we'll stay closer to the actual Rocks area, too far to walk from the main areas.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2006
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not No. 1 I agree with another poster and think the reviews for this hotel are manipulated somewhat.I don't think this should be listed as the number one hotel in Sydney. There are definitely better hotels around, e.g. Four Seasons, Shangri-la, Park Hyatt etc. etc. etc.The location is poor to say the least and the comment, 'you go to the Observatory for comfort, service and old world charm etc. etc. rather than location' is used a little too often for my liking.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Spira
<Content>Really Disappointed I use Trip Advisor for ALL my hotel stays and recommend it to friends. In this case it was well off the mark and I am surprised because in all other cases it has been spot on.I can't believe this is in the Leading Hotels of the World book alongside other Australian hotels such as Versace - no comparison and the Versace is cheaper!The hotel is at best 3-4 Star. Staff seem scarce, no-one to help with bags on arrival and a little bit snobby when they do finally appear - except for the porter an older gentleman - nice guy (who admitted they gave us a smaller not as nice room previously when bringing new keys). Someone mentioned the location as not being as good as the Four Seasons, I agree but does anyone mention how rough the area around the Observatory is?To say we felt intimidated is mild when walking just next door and down the street to see piles of rubbish, people hanging out of windows shouting abuse at each other, urine stench, the rubbish consisting of a computer screen, beer crates, general household effects at the base of the trees lining the road. This isn't happening up the 'other end' of the road this is opposite (view from our room) and next door to the hotel and all down the road.Knowing the area is so poor more could be done re: security - the balcony door on our room was loose and gaping and easily accessible from outside.Rooms are tired, the furniture is in poor condition, decor and drapes need an overhaul too. Public areas are scruffy and dirty in places. Given free strawberries covered in sugar very pretty the flies like them too! Also given free champagne in each room.What also bugs me is the way a lot of hotels and in particular this one, give you a 'dud' room first and expect you to be happy and you have to approach them again to get what you paid for.Given this was the most expensive time of year (for New Year's) we were obviously paying a lot to stay and it wasn't worth the money. When we did complain the attitude was very poor and inflexible and immediately they referred to it as a 'legal' issue and therefore they would not refund us a penny. It is on their booking form it is non-refundable but what can you do when you and your children don't feel safe somewhere? Why would anyone pay to feel unsafe when all they have to do is provide somewhere clean, comfortable and safe?We left and very luckily - given it was the day before New Year's eve got a cancellation at the lovely Shangri-la - a much better hotel and should be much higher in the ratings in my opinion.For information we did go back again two days later to take some more photos to make sure it wasn't just an 'off' day - it wasn't!! Drunks again shouting outside the hotel and across the road by the tennis courts and even more rubbish. This was in the daytime and whilst you could use the New Year's jubilations (extended!) as an excuse I doubt it was the reason. Ver dodgy area.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Concierge We stayed for one evening with our toddler. The bathroom is terrific, the rooms large and grande dame in feeling. They set up a complete baby amenity set for us and had the cot ready before we arrived-well done! One lovely thing about the rooms is that they have a private hallway (where we put the cot with the door slightly open-much easier for all to go to bed.) The concierge staff were terrific and breakfast very good. Yes, the view isn't much, the location is a bit removed from the Quay, but this is not why you choose this type of hotel. It's about service and old-fashioned style. It is expensive and comfortable.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel, but location not as good as Four Seasons We had a hard time deciding between The Observatory and the Four Seasons when we visited Sydney, so we tried both out. While both are nice and have top-notch service, here's how I'd describe the basic differences.The Observatory feels a lot smaller and more personal. However, the location isnt as central as the Four Seasons, and there is no view.The Four Seasons is a much bigger property and therefore doesnt feel as personal, but its location couldn't be better. We had a harbor view room that had an absolutely stunning postcard-like view of the bridge and opera house.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelmaster
<Content>number one? After staying at this hotel which at this time is rated number one in Sydney on tripadvisor, I was left feeling that maybe some manipulation had occured with the reviews. It's not a bad hotel but on the basis of accomodation and attitude of staff it's certainly not 5 star. The location i thought was good and i knew there wouldn't be any great views. But i found staff to be unhelpful and it appeared that they only really cared about corporate events that were taking place and the diners in their restuarant. I only stayed at this one hotel in Sydney but I really don't believe there are not several others that are better.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2005
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>CompressedChi
<Content>What's not to love? We stayed at the Observatory for 3 nights at the end of our Australian Honeymoon! It is a beautiful, well kept hotel. They upgraded us on AMEX Platinum to a one bedroom suite that was spacious and well appointed with antiques and a lovely terrace. As has been pointed out, the view is nothing to speak of, and the location is not the most central, but what you go to the Observatory for is pampering and service. From the moment we checked in, the staff was great. Our first night we arrived around 10 PM which is when most restaurants are winding down. The concierge immediately booked us a table and drove us over in the hotel van to get us in before the kitchen closed. The next day, they made arrangements for us to eat at Tetsuya, which was outstanding (and tres cher), at the drop of the hat. They are very knowledgable about events, restaurants and things to do. Without a doubt, the finest concierges I have dealt with (maybe with the possible exception of the Hotel de Russie in Rome). The pool and spa are like few others and worth spending some time in. The massage facilities are a bit odd. Some are in the basement with the gym and pool and some are regular hotel rooms converted into massage rooms on the guest floors. The continental breakfast in the Galileo restaurant is quite the spread and very tasty. All in all a great stay!  
<Date>Oct 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>HongKongMember
<Content>Location, location location... Stayed for 3 nights on a business trip to check the hotel out for a longer stay with family later in the year. Rooms certainly a good size and generally well presented. Concierge knowledgeable and helpful. Restaurant food OK, again staff knowledgeable and helpful. Downsides? Room overlooked main road with view of municipal tennis courts. Wonderful, not. Internet access daylight robbery (at a time when other hotels provide free). Finally, location. Technically in the Rocks area, like the airport is technically in Sydney. There are many excellent hotels in Sydney with equal service and better location, it's to one of these we'll be heading later in the year.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>stanleyn
<Content>Very stylish but a bit out of the way Everything everybody says is true - stylish, the rooms are very spacious, luxurious bathrooms, the staff polite and efficient. The only issue is that I thought it was a bit out of the way. A 15 minute walk to anywhere and dark roads at night. The harbour view was of the container port. A great hotel nonetheless, but be aware it's not in the centre of things.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sjski
<Content>Awesome end to a fabulous honeymoon My husband and I stayed here for the last few nights of our honeymoon. After being in Tahiti at some amazing resorts (La Taha'a Private Island and Resort) we didn't have many expectations. However, our jr. suite was gorgeous!!! The beds are lovely and soft, very cozy. The bathrooms are spacious and very nice - the shower has to be one of the best I have ever had in a hotel. The 2 concierges know the city well and are extremely helpful, as is the rest of the staff. The staff caters to each guest flawlessly. Usually when one calls the front desk for something, it can take up to an hour to receive service. We were surprised to have our issues taken care of within minutes!They truly think of everything - you can even have one of their goldfish brought up to your room if you are missing your pets or just want a little liveliness to your room.Loved the turn down service - once again a small detail which adds to the amazing experience. The pool is gorgeous and unfortunately we were not able to experience the spa due to them being fully booked for Mother's Day, the treatments look amazing.We only ate in the restaurant for breakfast, but again, it was a lovely experience. The food was perfect and the service impeccable. I like that the staff knew our names by the second day, and had even remembered what we had ordered (tea of coffee, type of juice, type of bread, etc...). We have stayed in some beautiful places all over the world, including Paris and London. However, my husband and I agree that this is the most amazing place that we have stayed, not only because the rooms are gorgeous, but because the service was pure perfection.  
<Date>May 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kamainatraveler
<Content>A Real Gem! This hotel is a real gem!!! It's location is superb --- within a fifteen minute easy walk to both the Rocks and Darling Harbour. Rooms are spacious, quiet, and with nice amenities. Pool is a real delight. Staff are courteous and helpful. We began our three week tour of Australia with a four night stay in this hotel Truly a delight!  
<Date>Apr 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ocean23
<Content>Classy hotel We spent the last week of February at this wonderful hotel where their nicely decorated and spacious room gave it a very homey feeling. The service was flawless and found their turndown service very special. The hotel is situated in a quiet area of the Rocks and short walking distance to Darling Harbour, Circular Quay and main shopping. Their indoor pool is not to be missed. The hotel well deserves their highly acclaimed rating.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Observatory has the WOW factor! A brand new apartment block in Port MacQuarrie, over looking the coast and a short walk to the beach.A great base so comfortable and spacious.The welcome was friendly and we had a tour of the penthouse on the top of the building - spectacular.Don't hesitate - just book!Also Ricks diving school was successful.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Our Wedding Night We had the most amazing wedding night at The Observatory Hotel recently. My husband and I received great service from the minute we contacted the hotel to make an enquiry. Prior to making a booking we meet with reservation staff who showed us a number of rooms that were available. Once we selected our room, the hotel offered to organise a car to pick us up from our reception on the night. The room we choose was beautiful and we enjoyed champagne and strawberries on our own private terrace when we arrived. The next morning we had a delicious breakfast delivered to our room. My husband and I then treated ourselves to treatments in the Day Spa. The hotel certainly exceeded our expectations, the room was lovely and all the staff very professional and helpful and seemed happy to be at work! We also had the opportunity to personally thank the General Manager for a truly memorable start to our married life - he came to wish us well when we checked out! We highly recommend the hotel and cannot wait to return for our first anniversary!   
<Date>Feb 9, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disgraceful, Very Disappointing As a connoisseur of 5 star hotels worldwide, and a marketing specialist, I know quality. In my opinion, attention to detail is what makes a hotel memorable or forgettable..I stay in Sydney hotels more than anywhere else in the world, as I reside in Sydney. Looking for a more classic decor for the recording of a training dvd, I checked into the Observatory hotel for 2 evenings - next time I'll stay at the Quay Grand, or the Sir Stamford in Macquarie Street instead (formerly the Ritz), or even the 4 Seasons or Sir Stamford in Double Bay...The suite, which I had SPECIFICALLY requested beforehand to be pleasant  immaculate, as I was recording, was very small and shabby with appalling decor, old pastel florals and mustard colored cordoroy.. eerck.. I didn't have the time to swap suites, I had hours of recording to get through. The bedroom was not matching, made out in a gaudy blue and white, also very shabby, with rickety old furniture (not quality french country or antique),  a massive canopy bed which took up the entire room. The bathroom was fairly acceptable.The roof of the canopy bed was splattered with god-knows-what (!) and when I left the room, I specifically left the 'do not disturb' sign on, as I had a lot of expensive camera and filming equipment in the suite. Of course when I returned, the room had been entered and serviced! In all the millions of 5 star hotels I have stayed in the world, I have NEVER had anyone enter the room when the privacy sign is on, if the establishment was of any quality. They simply slip a card under the door saying they respect your privacy sign, call down when you wish to allow housekeeping entry. What is a privacy sign for if it is to be ignored?! What if I'd been sleeping or making love or worse, recording?? The manager, who seemed very refined and polite, unfortunately made a lot of excuses with no real compensation, but did apologize politely.Finally, the room service menu was disgusting, with 'bangers and mash' (!), burgers and chips etc. I could not find a decent quality meal, and when I called down to the kitchen to ask if I might request some sirloin and vegetables with a wine sauce or such, I was rudely told 'what is on the menu is all that is available'. I have never heard of a 5 star hotel that did not accommodate it's guests' requests where possible, or have a wide selection of meal types. The manager's excuse was 'most of our guests prefer comforting dishes like burgers and sausages.' - Enough Said...I would never stay here again, nor would I EVER recommend it to anyone. I'm not sure what these other reviewers consider 5 star, but if you are a person who is accustomed to absolute quality, you will be sorely disappointed... Avoid like the plague. Try the hotels I mentioned above instead.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Wardour_Waddler
<Content>One of the greats...   showReview(3001188, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 11, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beyond Excellent   showReview(2798994, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 1, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice but Snooty   showReview(2759922, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 20, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>another let down   showReview(2493162, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>EnglishGuy44
<Content>Classy but unpretentious   showReview(2381365, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nudels
<Content>Superceded my expectations       lobby hall  
<Date>Jun 27, 2004
<Rating>5	3	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>johngrumman
<Content>Overpriced and disappointing   showReview(2132643, 'full');   
<Date>May 31, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravellerBD
<Content>Have seen better   showReview(1765978, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 6, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Classy, understated service   showReview(1537153, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Macsog6
<Content>The BEST in Sydney   showReview(1381364, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 9, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇撱亾銇с伅銈儠銈裤儗銉笺兂銉嗐偅銈?#x201d;   showReview(19164566, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>浜虹敓銇т綍鍥炪亱銇欍倠璐呮并銆傘仧銇躲倱锛戯紣骞淬伀锛戝洖銇愩倝銇勩亱銇€傘仢銈屻亸銈夈亜璐呮并銇儧銉嗐儷銇с仚   showReview(19158399, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 5, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>observatry...   showReview(19924198, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 16, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

