<Author>goandgo
<Content>Very convenient Very, very convenient to all of the theaters, so it was a perfect location for seeing three shows in 4 days. The staff is very friendly and the rooms are spacious in comparison to most NYC rooms. Even though you are in the center of Times Square activities, it was not too noisy to sleep.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>snne
<Content>Perfect! We chose this hotel based on location and price and it was perfect! It is right in the middle of the theater district and pretty central to everything else as well. A huge advantage for us was being able to locate the M  M sign and know that the hotel was right there! Foot traffic in front of the lobby was minimal. Check in was smooth-all of our requests were met and exceeded! The rooms are nicely furnished, the beds are amazing and the bathrooms nicely laid out. Maid service was excellent the entire stay. All of the staff members we encountered were friendly and helpful. The restaurant was quite good and well worth the $$ just to be able to enjoy the view. If you want to stay in Times Square-this is the perfect hotel - neither too busy or big- but still in the center of it all!  
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ktoo14
<Content>amazing staff.... I just wanted to say THANK YOU, THANK YOU, THANK YOU once again on behalf of myself and my 2 girlfriends. We stayed at the Renaissance in November for a girls weekend of shopping, shows, and martini's and not only was the hotel in a perfect location with fantastic rooms and a great restaurant (we ate there multiple times!) but the hotel staff 'rescued' us at the end of the trip.After arriving at the airport 90min prior to our international flight, we realized all three of us had left our passports in the hotel room safe!! We immediately called the hotel and their amazing concierge jumped into a cab with the passports and RUSHED them to the airport just in time to catch our flight. Now here's the really amazing part.... not only did they not charge us a cent (for the $75 cab ride each way) but the lady at the front desk called us several times to make sure we were ok, calm us down, and then to make sure that we got home safely (and on time!!).Now that's what I call service.And they say New Yorkers aren't friendly? I beg to disagree :)Thank you Renaissance.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bigapplefan
<Content>liked the Renaissance Have stayed in NY 6 times before, first time in this hotel, hotel very nice and clean, rooms good size more draw space would have been useful as there were 3 of us sharing the room.great location and great for subways, not a place to stay if you dislike crowds as this is the heart of town, noticed this year it was busier than in the past.staff were always pleasent and helpful.to say how close to to the crowds and traffic we were we could not hear the noise in our room which was on the 15th floor.would stay here again if it was just my husband and myself in the room.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>vegasnewboy
<Content>Action Central       An Oasis  
<Date>Dec 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>TorontoGuy
<Content>Clean, central, but not really worth the price My partner had wanted to stay right in the middle of Times Square just once, so for a birthday surprise, I booked this hotel. Location-wise it really is in the middle of Times Square. One of the exterior walls of the hotel is actually one of the main walls of flashing billboards that make up the Times Square experience. Its a much better location as a pedestrian than it is for cars, as there is so much traffic. It was seemingly difficult for cabs to pull up to the hotel due to traffic and so many one-way streets.As for the interior of the hotel, it was very clean with many modern sculptural details that looked very anatomical, which was interesting, and the room itself was very big and also very clean. The king size bed was very comfortable too. But I did have a few issues with the hotel. The window in the bedroom opened for ventilation, but then it would not close. The screws in the hinges were clearly missing. We went out for the night, told the concierge in person that we had a broken window, and it was fixed (closed) by the time we got back to the room, but we were afraid to open it again. The view outside the window was good, but unfortunately the window itself was really filthy, so it pretty much ruined the view. Also, whenever I called down for the front desk or concierge, I never once got an answer from someone. It always went to voicemail. I would leave a message and no one ever called me back. I had to go downstairs everytime and find someone in person to get anything done. Basically very little in the way of service, which is annoying given what they charge. Finally, housekeeping did not seem to come until very late. We left to go shopping in the morning, came back mid-afternoon to drop off things and change, and were surprised to find the room was still messy and untouched. We had breakfast on the final morning in their restaurant which has amazing views of Times Square. They also have a very delicious S'mores French Toast, which was so sweet my teeth were still rattling on the plane ride home.Overall, the hotel is very clean and very central if you want Times Square, although it is so crowded I think next time we will stay in lower Manhattan for sure. The size of the room was very good, however for the price we paid and the service we got, I don't really think it was worth it. I've stayed at many other hotels in New York with good locations for much less and had a better experience.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	4	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Mrrebus
<Content>Great Hotel for 1st timer to NY       Outside hotel  
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>1Longhorns1
<Content>In the Heart of Times Square       TV- nice picture  
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>flgirlaol
<Content>Great Location - Intimate Feel       Suite Main Bedroom  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>luvtotravelmd
<Content>right in times square We stayed in this hotel for a romantic getaway. 3 nights right in times square. The rooms were not bad considering the price. Bed was very comfy and outside noise was barely audible. Inside noise however we could hear everything in the next room. Even though our neighbors were not loud simple conversation could be heard. Workout area was good.The bad: no in hotel store. Only 2 computers to use situated right next to the bar.Not a bad hotel but we believe not worth the price  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	3	4	4	1	

<Author>PrincessMarty
<Content>I could live in that room forever... It was our first time in NYC and we wanted to be in the middle of it all, so of the hotels on Times Square we chose this one almost entirely based on tripadvisor reviews, and were extremely satisfied. It has recently been renovated to a very high standard and was clean and comfortable. The bathroom is lovely and shower is glorious. I became particularly well acquainted with the bedroom when I had to spend a whole day in it with a horrible bug, so can also confirm the bed continues to be comfortable after 20 odd hours and channel choice on the TV is fantastic! By the way, don't be thinking you don't pay for all this. You pay, and you pay good. So be prepared.I read a couple of the reviews complaining a bit about the service, and to be honest though I agree the attitude of reception staff wasn't great (and the check in is WAY late at 3pm), it wasn't something to make or break the holiday. The lifts are very annoying though - one (which I believe is posessed and tries to hurt you on purpose) from street to reception then across the hall to another lift for bedrooms. Also, as you enter from the street you're faced with three huge mafioso types in long black coats. Sometimes they take your bags. Times Square is awesome, of course, but it is absolutely crazy busy and having friends who live in NYC we didn't spend that much time around tourist central. There's no need to be quite that in the middle of it all, as though it is a huge city it is real easy to get around. When we return we'll most likely stay at the Union Square side.On everything else: cabs are cheap, food is good, everything is huge. Love it.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	2	-1	2	

<Author>OldAgePensioner
<Content>Great hotel I was staying at the Roosevelt Hotel New York and wanted to extend my stay but they were fully booked on the dates I wanted so I had to look around for something else. I had a look at the Marriott Hotel Times Square, but didn't like it. Just across the road, the Renaissance Hotel seemed much more intimate and friendlier.I booked a king size room throuigh Expedia, but when we arrived the only room with a king size bed was very small (we were told) and so they gave us a huge room with 2 double beds. Each double bed was 4 feet wide and so you can imagine the size of the room, and there was plenty of spare floor space.We were on the 17th floor, I think there were 26 floors altogether. The lifts were fantastic, travelling the 17 floors in about 15 seconds so you rarely had to wait more than a few seconds for a lift.The decor of lifts and lobby was a bit strange looking, but the carpets in the corridors were very colourful. The view from our bedroom was great, if you didn't suffer from heights, looking straight down to the road. The air-conditioning was fine, you couldn't adjust it or turn it off, but it was quite quiet. There wasn't much traffic noise either until the morning - I think there was some construction work nearby. The best thing about the bathroom was that part of the mirror was heated so there was always a clear area even if the rest of it was steamed up.Downstairs in the lobby there were a couple of pc's available for free internet access. The lobby is on the 1st floor so you have to go up to it from streetlevel and then change lifts to go higher up to the rooms.Leaving suitcases with the porter was no problem. Buses, taxis, and subways were literally just outside the hotel.A bit expensive for me, but a great hotel and one I would recommend.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>manxcat6
<Content>Great Location and Furnishings but . . . I stayed here in August and although the hotel inside was beautiful and the location for site seeing was excellent, I don't think I would stay here again.I think the first impressions put me off, we arrived at reception about an hour before check in time and we politely asked if we could get in our room early and we were met by a stand offish response form the receptionist who said no rooms were available. Fair enough, we were early but it was the tone of her voice. She suggested we go out and come back later but as we had been on an early flight we just wanted to get showered and changed so we said we would sit in the lounge area and get a drink instead. It then took 2 hours for a room to become available. We had booked a Club Level Superior Room which included wifi so we asked how we access the internet and she said it would be charged to the room, We had to argue and get out our confirmation email before who would accept that it was free of charge, then she said it would be billed and when we came to check out we would have to remind them to remove any charges! This is standard with this rate so why was this such and issue? Throughout the stay the reception staff always reacted like it was an inconvenience when asking them any questions. The safe was locked on entering the room and it took them 2 hours to send someone up to sort it out.But aside from being made unwelcome the actual hotel is furnished to a high standard with the most amazing comfortable beds and modern furnishings. The continental breakfast in the Cub Lounge was not great but there was enough to start you on your day and the lady who was serving us in there was particularly lovely to us.The location is fantastic for sight seeing. We managed 4 days in New York with only getting the subway once as we were able to walk everywhere. It is also very convenient for the Broadway shows (we saw the little mermaid and it was fantastic).When looking for a hotel in NY we did a lot of research and we picked this hotel for location and also because we had never been before we were worried about safety in NYC so wanted to stay on a main busy road. Having been there now and seeing how safe it actually is I would happily go for one of the hotels located in the lesser known site streets where you get more value for money, but you cannot take away the convenience of this location.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	2	3	4	

<Author>tabsmum
<Content>The most comfortable bed in the World!! For first timers in New York, location was everything, and as another reviewer said, this hotel IS Times Square.Our taxi driver from JFK knew it so there was no confusion - and it was easy to find when we were out wandering around, right next to the MMs shop.Decor was clean and modern, I believe it has been recently refurbished. All staff were courteous at all times, we were so pleasantly surprised. The bed...I'm not kidding. It was amazing! I thought our bed at home was the best in the world, but was nothing compared to the luxury of the enormous bed in our room. Pillows, sheets, everything. We loved it. Room also had coffee perk, luxurious bathroom with huge shower - really, we were delighted, and I usually find something not to like.Only reason I wouldn't stay there again is that next time we'll be staying in the village - but if it was a Times Square base again, no question, it was really good.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>owt_u
<Content>Best hotel if you want to be in Time Square The hotel is located in the middle of Time Square. We got a discount on our room, so paying normal price would be expensive but the location would still be worth it. We got a room with two twin beds as requested. The room was very nice and the staff was friendly. The only negative thing about the hotel was the slow checkin.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>Jenandmarco
<Content>No rooms available I booked my reservaction through Priceline. I specifically said I wanted two double beds and the customer service representative clearly said they had it available. Unfortunaletly, the hotel was sold out and could only offer me one king bed. Priceline gave me FALSE information. The hotel is taking no responsiblity for it even thought they work in conjunction with all travel websites. I DOUBLE and TRIPLE checked my reservation before I gave them my credit card. Go figure, it still was wrong. Be careful with booking through third party websites. You are not guarenteed what you are looking for.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mkgarf
<Content>Best Location and Super Safe My wife and I stayed here with our two teens. I spent a lot of time researching hotels in NYC. As a former New Yorker who now lives in CA, I wanted to make sure that my return to NY was perfect. This hotel's location is the best. It's right in the middle of everything, and if something isn't close by, you can easily hop in a cab or walk. We had a room with two doubles, and the room was absolutely perfect. Many NYC hotel rooms are small, and I've stayed in them in the past. This hotel's room was big, clean, and comfortable. They have hotel security and it's hard for anyone who's not staying in the hotel to gain entry. Check in is not in the lobby. It's up a few floors. I've heard that the pricing in this hotel has gone up, but I must tell you that if you want to guarantee that you're going to stay in a clean hotel that's not the size of your closet, pic the Renaissance.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>TravelAdvice101
<Content>This hotel litterally IS Times Square! Who would've thought that an address like 2 Times Square was pretty much Times Square itself!? This hotel is smack dab in the middle of all the hustle and bustle that is Times Square. Great location for tourists, steps from multiple subway stops, and easy access to everything in and around Times Square, the Empire State Bldg, and the Theater district.I stayed at this hotel for a combination of leisure and business. For leisure, you can't beat this, as described above. For business, I would stay elsewhere in the future. While in the middle of Times Square, there was just too much everyday commotion around the hotel for it to be quiet and a getaway after work. You constantly have tourists around you at all times, which is okay when you're a tourist yourself...different story when you're trying to go about your everyday routine.That being said, the hotel accomdation is wonderful, as Marriot properties always are. Beautiful room with an excellent room overlooking 7th Ave. Checked out the hotel restaurant for breakfast one morning which has a fantastic view looking out over Times Square (but expect to pay a premium for the view and service). Unfortunately the hotel did not have a pool, but does give you access to another hotel really close by which has the facility (I did not utilize this). It also has a nice gym facility.Hotel staff was very helpful and courteous. Luggage holding service was great, because I could check out in the morning, leave my bags, go to work, and come back after dinner to grab them and head to the airport. Very convenient overall.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NYCLove
<Content>A relaxing stay in the heart of Times Square!       Hotel Room  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>drea1508
<Content>Wonderful hotel Having had such a wonderful stay the first time we decided to return again to the Renaissance for our annual christmas shopping trip to NY. With a radical facelift the rooms were freshened and modernised however some of the lobby decor was a little too modern for my taste. Having said that it was still a wonderful place to stay and the staff there are second to none. Bar staff were so attentive and on one night where they had to close slightly early they gave everyone a complimentary cocktail.The rooms were fantastically appointed with the most spectacular views of Times Square. Huge rooms with the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in. Look out for TJ at the front desk or generally around the hotel what a lovely guy, you can't miss him at 6ft 11! Overall I can't recommend this hotel highly enough and no doubt will return again soon.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Citymouse19
<Content>Loved the Renaissance We stayed at the Renaissance August 26-August 30, 2008. 3 girlfriends in their 50's , first time in New York City. We loved the Renaissance. Before coming we emailed the hotel for advice on the best type of room for 3, bed types, etc and immediately received great advice from Jennifer at reservations. We settled on a room with two double beds , very roomy , fantastic linens, comfortable beds. Very friendly and accomodating staff, modern decor, rooms were comfortable, roomy and tastefully decorated. As stated in previous reviews, the entrance from the street leads to a small bell desk and lobby and an elevator to the main reception area and check in. We were surprised at how small the reception desk was, but this did not present a problem at all. Very intimate atmosphere and the staff were attentive to all our needs, granted us late check out when requested. Hotel is close to everything; Broadway shows, subway on the corner , within walking distance of all attractions, 5th Ave, Rockefeller Centre, St Patricks, etc. Highly recommend the Renaissance Times Square and would definately stay again.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>maxleoAlbuquerque_Nm
<Content>excellent rooms, nice atmosphere my sister and I stayed at the renaissance 5 nights in August. We loved the room. at first when I booked they said 2 double beds were not available but then a few days before my reservation, I got an e-mail stating I could send the concierge a request for added amenities and so I requested the 2 double beds again and a high floor. when I checked in, I was grateful that they were able to get me 2 double beds. we had a nice view, and I loved that the window opened. the room was clean and modern and was set up well for the space. we requested and were given extra hangers. the location was terrific. the staff was very friendly and very accommodating. I never got a hint of attitude. the bar in the lobby is a little lacking, and I would have preferred a more active bar scene. we didn't eat in the restaurant there, but they gave me a cup of coffee when I was waiting in the lobby for my sister. the computers in the lobby are accessible and w/ a comfy private setting, although sometimes you do have to wait for them (there are 2 of them). all in all I would highly recommend this hotel as a nice, friendly sanctuary once you are done exploring the city! (by the way there is a great store/deli across the street where you can pick up supplies or snacks). we loved it so much, we are thinking of taking a trip to NYC every summer!  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Giggles-shopaholic
<Content>Best Hotel in NY I love this hotel, I first stayed here in March 2007, and it is just the best location in NY, right in the middle of Time Square, but quiet and up market. I loved this hotel so much in 2007 (choose it after reading many trip advisor reviews), when visiting NY again in 2008, with my mum, we agreed that although this place is expensive, it's worth it.The hotel rooms are lovely and I believe quite large for NY, the hotel was renovated last year, it looked fine pre renovation, the colours were nicer and the lifts were modern, now the lifts look a bit dated. It's so close to Rockefeller centre (visit top of the rock at night, it's fab and much quieter than the Empire State) and a short walk to the shops on fifth avenue.The concierge are really helpful, they helped us organise our essential shopping trip to Woodbury Common Outlets, an absolute must for shop'a'holics looking for a bargain, it's about 1 hour outside NY by bus.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>dougfitz
<Content>Fantastic Upscale Property in the heart of the square Stayed here on a whim on our way through town. Booked using Marriott points, so for a freebie it was amazingFantastic, stylish property, loved the copper wall coverings and unique lobby furnishings.The staff was extremely helpful, the car valet was courteous and helpful. Front Desk helpful as well.You must check out the view from the restaurant - it is probably the best view of time square. Kids loved the view. We tried the food, just apps, they were as good as would be expected.In terms of room choice, no need to stay on the highest floors, the lower levels have the best view of the street action and signs.This hotel is much nicer than the westin nearby, the westin rooms are tiny and the bathrooms looked like prison cell latrines. Go with this property, it is fantastic.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>NewyorkLady57
<Content>I Cannot Wait to Go Back I have not stayed at the Renaissance since 2002. Before that, I used to stay about twice a year for 5 years.I have not had the opportunity to get back to New York and my favorite hotel due to my last job.I truly cannot say enough about the staff that made each of my stays make me feel like I was a movie star. They really gave me the Royal treatment each and every time I was there. Amos, the doorman is a gem. He would listen to me go on and on about every detail of my days and evenings in my favorite city.Charlie, who managed Foley's, made my 50th Birthday, a night that I still remember. He had wine and the works sent up to my room knowing that I would be seeing Chicago. What a wonderful thing to walk into. Each time I went back, they asked if I would like my same table and gave me complimentary wine. You find it hard in this day and age that people actaully remember you, but they did and it has stayed with me.The next time that I am lucky enough to get back to Manhattan, I would not stay anywhere else.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Shoegirl2you
<Content>Great hotel! We stayed there for two nights in July (21-23) 2008. The location was amazing and the room was very spacious! We had a king room on the 24th floor. We had no issue with street noise even though our room overlooked the street on Times Square. Our room was very clean, had ample storage, a comfortable bed, and a large bathroom (especially for New York!). The shower was exceptionally large! We requested early check-in, which was honored and we were in our room by noon! The only negative is that the decor was odd, but it did not bother us. Just not our taste. The staff was friendly and helpful. Would definitely recommend this hotel!  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>thechandlers
<Content>Location, location, location! We LOVE the Renaissance. We have been staying at this hotel for the past 3 years. Every time we visit NYC, this is the hotel we stay at. The rooms are nice and large. You can't beat the location!  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>finewein
<Content>Perfect NYC Hotel Perfectly located in the theatre district and Times Sq., this hotel exceeded all expectations of our two rooms for a three night stay. The rooms were large, modern, clean, had every convenience imaginable and perfectly suited to both pleasure and business. The rate was fair and actually a value for the type of hotel this is, I'd compare it favorably to any high end NYC hotel, but with far less cost. Renovated and remodeled two years ago, this is a best kept NYC secret. As experienced travelers, we'd definitly stay there again and highly recommend it.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	3	4	4	4	

<Author>Quicksurfer
<Content>Loved the Renaissance 100% The Renaissance Hotel in Time Square was an absolute find. Pro's:1) Staff was very friendly and helpful with arranging dinners reservations, cab rides etc (with a smile on their face every time).2) Location - It doesn't get better than this if you鈥檙e looking to stay in Time Square. Right outside the hotel entrance you have the Subway, Jamba Juice, Starbucks, Pizza, Hot dogs, MM Store, Olive Garden and much more. 3) Rooms were immaculate, very well appointed and plenty of space.4) Beds and pillows were super comfortable6) I was shocked how quite the rooms were considering how busy the street noise was.Cons:None!  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>rhodac8
<Content>Great Hotel Even For A Picky Travler My husband and I stayed here in jan of 2007 for my 30th birthday. When we booked this hotel, we used tripadvisor to decide which one was best. At the time, it was in the top 10 hotels listed. I would totally agree with this sentiment.While it has been a year and a half since our visit, it is my findings that hotels don't change that drastically in such a short period of time. We had excellent service from the staff and enjoyed the location. The price was also great for a NYC hotel!One of the best aspects of this hotel was the room. It was a good sized room for NYC and VERY clean. This is a MAJOR issue for me. After a long day walking and shopping the streets of New York, our room was an oasis.While I cannot say exactly what it is like today - I have to say that we REALLY enjoyed our stay.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	-1	4	5	-1	

<Author>traveltoall50states
<Content>Oasis amid Times Square Great location and wonderful staff! Whether on the 2nd floor (in 2006) or the 13th floor, we could not hear any street noise! Nor any noises from outside our room. This trip included my 17-yr-old niece (loved the modern decor), my mother (preferred the prior 'old world' decor) and myself. I appreciate the cleanliness, the large rooms and bathrooms, the fabulous beds and the friendly staff (especially Tammy G). At check-in, the clerk noticed we had a higher rate for the last night (since it was a weekday) and she offered to ask her supervisor to match our weekend rate - she was successful and saved us over $100. This hotel is smaller than others on the Square and thus allowed us to become familiar with the staff and other guests. The street-level seating area was a perfect place for Mother to 'people-watch' with the bellmen when she preferred a rest and we wanted to keep going. The location allowed us to split up, do different things nearby and meet together easily - this made our trip perfect for all ages! I've read that some dislike taking an elevator to the 2nd floor lobby (the bellman can take your luggage on the 1st floor) . We didn't mind this at all as it seemed to take us away from the street noise and gave the feeling of stepping into 'an oasis'!  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>dtmickle
<Content>GREAT experience We stayed at the Renaissance from June 29th-July 1st 2008. We were VERY impressed with the hotel and would stay there again in a heart beat. Luckily, we got a great internet rate because the standard room rate is kind of steep.The hotel staff was wonderful. The rooms were beautiful, clean, and spacious with a great view. The hotel itself was very impressive and I was thrilled that we had selected this particular hotel.For those that complained about the check in being on the second level...who cares? The elevators were really fast and we NEVER had to wait for more than a few seconds. This hotel was wonderful and I would highly recommend it!  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BuffaloAmy
<Content>Wonderful Hotel!       Heavenly king size bed!  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>adbear
<Content>Great property let down but dreadful management and service culture We stayed at this hotel for five nights from 7 July to 12 July. We came for a combination of business and vacation.The Renaissance New York Hotel Times Square should be THE place to be - it's location is fantastic, the new renovations are sensational, the furniture and fittings are gorgeous, the room sizes are acceptable - but they are not in any way matched by an appalling management and service culture. And it's a crying shame.We had great service from several individual staff - one of the ground floor attendants was great, had great information and was very helpful. The staff in the concierge lounge were terrific. But the completely under-staffed concierge desk, who seem to have very little training and are not empowered to make decisions and to solve problems point to a serious problem with the way this potentially brilliant hotel is managed overall.On our second night, our toilet blocked, (and in addition, housekeeping had not replenished toilet paper supplies and despite a request to the concierge desk, after three hours none had arrived). The blockage was initially bearable (with trips to the lobby from our level 14 room whenever nature called), but after several calls and three visits to the concierge desk and their apparent emergency call to maintenance, the toilet started overflowing after the shower was used, onto the floor of the bathroom. Even then, maintenance had not arrived and the concierge seemed unable to take the decision to move us to another room! Finally, he did agree to move us (after some 2 hours - this was at about 10.00pm?), so we hastily packed, roused our sleeping child and shifted to floor 21 - to find the entire floor was still under renovation, the main hall was covered in sawdust and building offcuts and there were dirty dishes outside 'our' room. Several doors were proppped open to rooms clearly full of building materials and equipment, and trades were evidently going to be working on rooms adjacent to ours during the days of our stay. I called the concierge again and this time spoke (politely) to duty manager Greg' who before hearing out my concern and my request for a serviceable room, and perhaps anticipating a claim for compensation, offered an earful of attitude about the discounted rate we had booked at which he offered to honour because of the difficulty we had been through (which no time previously had been queried, and had been verbally confirmed by the Marriott Customer Care staff when I verbally confirmed the booking from Australia some time earlier).We had to wait at least a further 30 mins before key cards could be provided to another room, while I sat in the elevator lobby of level 21 with all of our hastily-packed luggage and a sleeping child on the floor amongst the sawdust, and my husband waited for the attention of the concierge in the lobby. (Initially they told us to wait and they would bring the keys when they had time!!! No way - my husband went to collect them so if we had waited I can only imagine how long we would have been left there).The new room was a king with rollaway - and like a previous commentor, the rollway was delivered with a grubby quilt with no cover, and the fitted (and very worn) bottom sheet of the kind bed was way too small, and did not fit the bed, it was under so much strain it kept rolling off the edges of the mattress and kept flicking off during the night, so we were pretty much sleeping on the mattress cover. Why spend sooooo much money undertaking such beautiful renovations and purchasing great fittings, then not get new bedlinen to fit the new beds?By now, we were beyond wasting any further effort seeking help, so we just let it be, knowing that none of our issues had received a prompt or helpful response, and we just wanted to enjoy our remaining time in New York. Which we did.On the upside, after the second move we were given a pass to the concierge lounge, probably as a sort of compensation, but that wasn't explained to us, we had to ask a day or so before departure what the different card meant, so we didn't get to use it much. The waiting staff there were very nice and helpful and made us feel very welcome - the first time we had felt welcome in the hotel at all.My suggestion - there are plenty of other places on Times Square in this same price bracket, that seemed from what we saw and from speaking with other travellers that are perhaps more plainly decorated but that are much more welcoming.Those hotels should recruit the concierge staff and the ground floor attendant from the Rennaisance, and leave the rest to sink.And Marriott should really consider what they can do about the training and culture of the management team at this hotel. It should be a jewel in the Marriott portfolio, and it's when things go wrong that it's clear the team running the place is far from up to it.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>1	1	4	5	3	1	1	3	

<Author>5-Star-hobo
<Content>Loved the location... Me and my family stayed here 07/06 - 07/09 and we had a great time. The location of this hotel is perfect. It is right in the middle of everything. The hotel itself wasn't too impressive to me. The decor in the lobby area is terrible. The rooms were okay but nothing to brag on. They were clean but small. The beds were small, as well. We had a high floor, which gave us a great view of 7th avenue. The staff was exceptional, which made up for all of the other shortcomings. It was my husband and I anniversary and when we arrived at the room upon check-in, there was a card signed by staff, chocolate covered strawberries and champagne in the room for us, compliments of the manager. Which was even better, the manager had arranged a anniversary wish to be displayed on the Hershey's display, which was directly outside of the hotel. Again, the staff was exceptional. Overall, we had a very enjoyable stay at the hotel. We didn't spend much time there anyway because we were out touring the city. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone that is looking for very nice and friendly staff and a super location!  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>JudyJetsonFla
<Content>it's awesome and in the middle of it all!       view from our room!  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>poochie-girl
<Content>excellent location we stayed here between 30/06 to 6/07. we had a great time. the location was perfect, right in the heart of all the buzz and lights of times square, so if that is what you want then this is the place for you! staff were polite and friendly and answered and dealt with any queries we had straightwaway. 3 of us shared a room and it was really spacious with enough room for all our shopping and suitcases. the bathroom was great too.we used the free internet downstairs, you get 15 mins at a time and for us that was fine, the computers were always free and more than adequate to check emails etc from home. my only minor criticism would be the breakfast, normally i wouldnt bother with breakfast in hotels in NY and indeed we had some great ones at other places during our stay, but the one at the renaissance was not great at all - expensive even by hotel standards and the quality/quantity was below average.all in all a great place to stay for a short shopping/city break trip to new york. we would definitely stay there again!  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>ThursdaysChild78
<Content>The unfriendliess hotel I have ever had the misfortune of staying at. I stayed at this hotel with two friends in May 2008, and the problems started immediately on arrival. Our first impressions of the hotel itself were good, it's modern and is in a great location. However, when we checked in, we were given a room with a king size bed even though we had booked a room with 2 doubles as there were 3 of us. The staff seemed totally bemused as to why this would be a problem. When we asked if we could change to a double room, we were told that there were none available as the hotel was full and that they would send up a fold away bed. We were all too tired to argue any further (it was 11.30 pm) and went off to our room.TWO AND A HALF HOURS LATER and after many phone calls to the reception desk, our foldaway bed arrived without any bedding. It took another 45 minutes for that to arrive, and we were presented with a dirty quilt with no cover. We asked for a cover every day, but it never arrived. The maids (the only pleasant staff members we came into contact with) also told us that the hotel wasn't even half full, so why they chose not to give us another room is a mystery.The room itself was clean and tidy, with a great view over Times Square. We stayed on the 14th floor, and were amazed with the lack of outside noise we heard. The rudeness from the hotel staff continued throughout our stay, from the disinterested reception desk staff who refused to give any eye contact to the bar staff who huffed and tutted when we pointed out they had given us the wrong drinks order. This really ruined our stay, and made us feel totally uncomfortable.On the plus side, the cocktails at the bar are amazing, even though you have to face the wrath of the bar staff to get them. The rooms are well equipped, although the voltage is low (most US hotels are like this) and we struggled with hairdryers, hair straighteners etc. My tip would be to use the hairdryer provided rather than trying to take one from the UK. The wardrobes are huge, with plenty of hanging space and hangers, and the bathrooms are spacious and modern with towels replaced daily. The rooms were cleaned thoroughly every day, and the bathroom sparkled afterwards.Unfortunately, due to the attitude of hotel staff, I would hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone, which is a shame because it offered great value for money in a wonderful city. I'll definately go back to New York, but I will take my custom somewhere else.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>kev99
<Content>Good Hotel in Excellent location! We stayed in this hotel for a weekend in June. Overall this hotel is clean and comfortable. The interactions we had with the staff were pleasant. We came in on Friday morning at 8:00am and surprisingly our room was ready. The location is in the heart of Time Square. We were on the 17th floor and with the exception of the occasional taxi horn; it was pretty quiet in the room. Actually, we heard more noise from noisy guests in the hallway than from the street. The bed is comfortable and the furnishings adequate. It has a nice 42鈥?flat screen TV (Plasma or LCD). There also is a nice view of the street. There was no refrigerator but there was a mini-bar. The internet was $17.00 a day. You do have to go up 2 different elevators as previous reviewers have mentioned, but it wasn't that big of a deal to me, however, my husband didn't like it.Here is some information about Restaurants. We ate Breakfast at two locations near the hotel. The first was Evergreens down 48th street. They had pretty tasty breakfast and it the cost $20.00 with tip. They also have lots of seating. We had a terrible experience with Pax Whole-foods. Avoid this place like the plague. The people are rude and they overcharge you for anything additional. I got a meal with 2 eggs, toast, bacon, and hash browns for $4.95. My husband got pancakes and added a side of bacon for $6.50. We both got a glass of OJ and the total came to $20.00. I asked how much the OJ was and it was $4.25 per glass!!! $8.50 for 2 glasses of OJ!!! They only had 5 or 6 tables that were full so we didn鈥檛 get to eat there and had to get it to go. My husband got 3 pancakes and they only gave him 1 small packet of pancake syrup. I asked for an additional packet and they said we would have to pay for it! In addition to the rude behavior and overpriced OJ, the food was barely edible. The pancakes were dry, they didn鈥檛 fry my eggs completely (how do you mess up a fried egg?) and the toast had a terrible taste like they but rancid butter on it and warmed it on the grill. For your own sake, save your money and avoid PAX. On a positive note, Ray鈥檚 Pizza right beside PAX has excellent Pizza. Also, we went to a Restaurant on 9th Avenue called the Renaissance. It has a very extensive menu and excellent food for a reasonable price. Every meal I saw that came out looked terrific. For both of us it was $36.00 with tip and two non-alcoholic drinks plus the portions are huge. It was not that busy so we didn鈥檛 have to wait on Saturday Night around 8:00pmOverall, I would recommend this hotel because it is nice, clean, has a great location, and friendly staff. As for the value, we stayed for free with my Marriott points so I cannot comment on the price.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>NovaScotiaCapers
<Content>Very Nice Hotel       bathtub  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>shawbee99
<Content>Favorite Hotel in NYC I have stayed at this location many times. I rarely stay anyplace else while in New York on business. The staff is very accommodating and I love the atmosphere of the hotel. It is truly a laid back oasis in the middle of Times Square. It鈥檚 a stereotypical NY experience to look out the window and see the glittering billboards, but I love it! I have never used the gym and the 鈥渂usiness center鈥?is actually the lobby of the sales office, but the rooms are spacious and clean with what I consider fantastic views. The doormen here are especially well versed in the area and always go above and beyond.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	4	4	5	2	

<Author>a410traveler
<Content>Four Stars For Sure       View across Broadway  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>toddy7105
<Content>Awesome Hotel Awesome Location Me and my girlfriend stayed at the renaissance times square from may 2nd until the 5th, and it was awesome the room was immaculate with a awesome view and located central to everything, we will definitely be staying here again.  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>UpgradeQueen
<Content>Excellent if you like Times Square I have such mixed feelings about this hotel. I would never have chosen it since I hate noisy locations, but had to switch at the last minute due to construction at the Algonquin (my favorite). I was horrified to see the location when I got there, RIGHT ON TIMES SQUARE. You can walk out the door any time, day or night, and there are throngs of people and it looks like broad daylight. It's not really my thing, but if you like activity, you will really like this hotel. Good news: Excellent service and room. All the rooms overlook either Broadway or Seventh Avenue, and Broadway is the better view. My room, 2509, overlooked Broadway, with neon signs blinking HERSHEY MMs outside my large windows. But you don't hear a THING. The room is completely quiet. It's oddly cozy, looking out on Times Square in your giant, fantastically comfortable bed, watching your big flat-screen TV, and you hear nothing. It grew on me quickly. I loved the desk in the room, which has two levels and plenty of room for both hubby and me to spread out our stuff and plug everything in and never get in each other's way. Large closet, nice bathroom with vessel sink, marble counter, large shower (no tub), plenty of towels, top amentities. Check-in was extremely friendly, my room was waiting for me, plus they called to see if I needed anything (we are Marriott Elite members). The location is very convenient, you are within a block of subways to take you anywhere in NY, easy walk to most theatres, excellent restaurants. One evening I was on my own for dinner, sat at the bar for a drink and an appetizer, and felt very comfortable. I was never scared to be alone at this hotel.Bad news: I hated entering and leaving the hotel in a crush of people every time. Even walking home after the theatre, getting across Times Square can take five minutes. You enter on the ground floor and have to take an elevator to the lobby level, which pulses with loud music at all hours, and then take another elevator to your room. You can't avoid the lobby. But the restaurant on this level is far enough away that you can't hear this music if you eat there. I didn't eat there, but it looked very nice and has great views of Times Square.On balance, I would never return to this hotel because I like a quieter location, but I did enjoy my stay because of the convenience and the lovely room and the view of Broadway.  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>pc9010
<Content>Great Stay Renaissance Hotel  Times Square, a winning combination.Room very comfortable, staff very friendly. If you are going to New York then this is the best location to stay and this has to be one of the best hotels.  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>princessjocie
<Content>Gorgeous hotel in a wonderful location!!! Hotel was GORGEOUS!! Everything was very modern and looked newly updated. Room was big and very clean. Bathroom was nice and I liked the deep tub for taking a bath. I was very impressed with the hotel overall for the price i paid. We only stayed one night, but would definitely stay there again. The location could not have been better.  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Vicki70
<Content>Comfortable and LOCATION! Remember that this website is terrific for gathering OPINIONS! Yes, I have one too. :)I will do my best to keep this objective in terms of the hotel's positives and negatives.First, we had NO PROBLEM with the hotel or its staff.Honestly, this hotel is in a GREAT location. TIMES SQUARE! Woo hoo! Close to everything.... very important.The beds were heavenly to sleep on. The check in was fine and we had to wait before our room was ready, but we were the ones who arrived EARLY - so we simply left our bags with the bellhop and off we went to explore for a good place to eat.Don't eat at the hotel - get OUT there! See what the Big Apple has to offer.Try dining at the Rockefeller Plaza Cafe (right there where people normally skate in the winter time, becomes a great little outdoor bistro during the spring, summer and fall). Go indoors if you prefer -be ready to spend some NY dollars, but OH SO GOOD and worth it!I barely spent any time in the hotel, but the moments that I was there, I was comfortable and the place was very clean.Modern art deco is not my preference, but those feather pillows and beds WERE. Our room had a view of the lights of Times Square (we could see 'A CHORUS LINE' lighting up the streets directly outside our window). However, as soon as the curtains were closed, it was pitch black. The sound of traffic and noise from the street was minimal -considering it is NEW YORK CITY!!The only downsize was the noise from the inside hallways - I had a difficult time sleeping the first night due to a couple of our neighbors slamming their door s (although I don't think it was intentional, the doors just closed quickly) and talking loud in the hallway before retiring for the evening. That is just because some people are rude - not because the hotel had anything to do with the attitudes of other travelers!Overall, great experience, terrific location. CLEAN and COMFY. Size of room was perfect for two weary travelers who needed to sleep after touring up and down Manhattan.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>IamFreda
<Content>Cold sleek weird decor nice rooms though As someone else noted- weird entrance. I do not like that you have to take an elevator to another elevator to get to your room. The front desk doesn't look like a front desk... more like a restaurant host desk... So it was a bit confusing. The decor is something like a perverted spaceship design... you have to see it to belive it... and I wasn't the only one who noticed it. The rooms were very nice and clean. I had no problem with any services. It was a clean nice room. So, if you like very modern, with nice room you will be happy.Location is terrific.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Gold River Pete
<Content>Great location for tourists! We stayed at the Renaissance for 7 nights from Nov. 6 - 13, using Marriott Reward points. My wife had never been to New York, so we went and did all the usual tourist things -- Statue of Liberty, Empire State Building, Central Park (spectacular), La Traviata at the Met, Wicked (2 days before the strike!), Radio City Music Hall's Christmas Spectacular with the Rockettes, etc etc.We were disappointed that the Renaissance had not completed its renovations as originally scheduled, so the construction in the lobby took away from the experience, but we still enjoyed our stay. As other reviewers have noted, the entrance is a 2-step process, with an odd little elevator entrance and then the real reception area and elevators to the rooms on the second floor. We had a newly remodeled room on the 16th floor, which was big by New York standards, and which had nice amenities, such as the comfy bed, attractive and usable bathroom (with a nice touch -- housekeeping wiped Rain-X or some similar product in a circle in the center of the mirror each day so it did not fog up after a shower), and good TV.The remodeled public areas were being finished in a sort of retro modern -- lots of plastic and round baubles and space age touches -- not really our taste for a NY hotel, but also not so bad that we would not go there. (The restaurant seemed pretty pricey, so we did not eat there, especially with so many other choices in the area. We did have the tourist cocktail at the Marriott Marquis across the street, which was fun -- we sat in the revolving bar for at the top of the Marquis for at least 3 revolutions -- a definite treat for anyone who wants to enjoy a drink and an unusual view over the lights of the city.)Besides the central location with easy walking access to everything and close by subway entrances, the highlight of the hotel was Omar, the concierge. He recommended several outstanding restaurants within walking distance of the hotel. We told him that we wanted good food at a reasonable price in places that he would go or take relatives. Every suggestion was spot on.Although we can't really speak to the value of the rooms since we used Reward points, we would definitely stay at the Renaissance again.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>BrokerPaul
<Content>Loved Times Sq. Excellant hotel to capture the Times Sq. experience. The recent remodel makes for a comfortable and trendy designs.The staff was very helpful and knowledgable.Pricey, but well worth the cost.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Jane24104
<Content>DISAPPOINTED We recently stayed in the Renaissance in New York and were quite disappointed in it. We booked a room on a higher floor, at an additional cost, so thought we would get a better room. Our room was extremely small, even by Manhattan standards and the room cleaning service was spotty at best. We had difficulties with our internet, as it disconnected after 3 days, even though we bought a 6-day package; hotel staff were unable to assist with this. Note: internet connection was included with the room; therefore, this had to be manually removed from our bill upon checkout. Also, there were no complimentary bathrobes in the room, which in most better quality hotels are a standard feature.If you are looking for a little luxury, you will not find it here, if you are looking for value for money, you will not find it here.From all accounts the hotel had gone through renovations and we could not get a good sense of what the theme was suppose to be, although I think the designer was going for trendy, edgy. The Concierge was helpful in finding a taxi and storing our luggage.We will not be staying here on any return trips to New York.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	3	2	2	

<Author>sunflower12
<Content>Wonderful experience, friendly staff We had a wonderful experience at this hotel. All the staff we encountered from the bellmen to front desk staff were extremely courteous and friendly. The room we stayed in was very quiet, soundproof, we didn't hear any street noise. The room was immaculately clean. The bathroom is fairly decently sized for NYC standards.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>SMDTraveler
<Content>Overpriced and Unfriendly Left this property this morning and we feel we were over paid. There are much better option in NYC. The positives: The location (if you want to be near time square) is very central and literally on top of a subway stop. The property is very new and the facility reflects this through its cleanliness.The Negatives: The front desk staff are not just unfriendly but out right rude and unresponsive to simple requests. Though Marriott pledges smoke free properties our room stunk of Cigarettes 鈥?which we complained about and received an 鈥淥h! That鈥檚 unfortunate鈥? The walls between rooms are paper thin (note an earlier review mentions sound proof rooms and soaking tubs 鈥?they must have the wrong hotel!). The rooms are not cleaned well 鈥?at check in we found a baby鈥檚 pacifier, old newspapers and food wrapper under the bed. The hotel staff makes no effort to recognize participants in Marriott鈥檚 Reward program (We are Platinum Elite Level Members and are usually greeted by the Hotel Manager at check-in and upgraded to a suite without even having to ask) . Upon check in at 4PM not all of our rooms (we had three rooms at $375.00 each (including tax)) were ready and were told to come back later. When our rooms were ready, non where on concierge level (there may not even be a concierge level)(nor was a concierge lounge available to us) or upgraded rooms and we were treated as if we were a bothering the front desk staff by just being at the hotel (note that the doormen and valets were very nice, but not the front desk).  I found the hotel layout less than convenient. To get from your room to the street you need to take the elevator to the Lobby, walk across the lobby (being stared at by the front desk staff who face the elevators) and then get into another elevator which takes you to the ground floor 鈥?this process not only takes time but allows for no privacy with the rude desk staff watching your comings and goings. Finally, the people in the room beside us were extremely loud. Which I can tolerate to a certain point. The second night, the people in the room next door were very loud and we needed to get up early. It was after midnight and we called the front desk to complain. They sent security up, security came up and told the people in the next room to keep it down because we (our room specifically) had complained which only made the situation worse 鈥?the people in the next room proceeded to pound on our wall and talk at the top of their longs for the next two hours 鈥?security never bothered to pass by again as far as I could tell. We just gave up at this point and watched tv. This place is not horrible 鈥?but I think there are much nicer places that treat its guest like valued guests and charge the same or less. Try the Westin or W on or near Time Square 鈥?I have stayed at both and felt good about spending my money at those properties. I appreciate a hotel property that appreciates its guests. This property does not!  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>2	1	3	5	2	1	3	-1	

<Author>hazel05
<Content>WoW what an Amazing stay at the Renaissance       modern bathroom  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>Travel4Lving
<Content>Liked it better than the Marriott Marquis I stayed for two evenings in early March and really liked this hotel. As a means of comparison, I have stayed at the Marriott Marquis, Marriott East Side and Marriott Courtyard Times Square South as well. I would rank this hotel as the best bet for your tourist dollar if you really value full service, with the Courtyard (and excellent value) right behind. This has a great, clubby W feel to it, and I really like the rooms. You don't get the view of Times Square that you would from the Marriott, but I didn't miss it after being there many times. Renovations are complete, and it is very well done. For dinner, try Tony Di Napoli. I had a great meal there prior to a show. Good luck with your stay, you can't go wrong with any of the hotels but this is a nice property than the Marquis if you have been there, done that.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>luke47
<Content>One of the NYC Hotels That I've Been The location of this hotel was excellent, only one block from a subway station and a few blocks from the Times Sq. stop. I had a king size room on the 12th floor. The bed was amazingly comfortable with lots of pillows and a douvet. I liked the big walk-in shower, glsss doors, seat in the shower. This is not the postage stamp size bathroom in most NYC hotel rooms. The complimentary shoe shine service was professional. The room was very clean and comfortable, large plasma screen TV, and we had a great view from the window. Yje lobbies are funky and tasteful. The staff were helpful and friendly throughout our stay.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>halloweengirl
<Content>Great stay at the Renaissance The location of the hotel was excellent, only one block from a subway station. We had a king size room on the 8th floor. The room was very clean and comfortable and we had a great view from the window. The staff were helpful and friendly throughout our stay. We did not eat at the hotel so I can't comment on the standard of food there. Loved this hotel and am planning to go back next year.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kistheskye
<Content>Loved the Renaissance We have always stayed down at the Renaissance primarily for its location. Since they have remodeled the rooms they are excellent. All the beds and bathrooms have been updated.I always request a room with the view of Broadway. They have a great lounge area and while we were there another lounge was under construction. The only down fall of staying at this hotel is the restaurant, Chop Suey. There were 10 of us eating there and none of us could find something to eat. We ended up all leaving and having dinner at the Olive Garden. The front desk was great about helping us find different restaurants as well as making reservations (which at most places its required.) This is my favorite hotel out of all the Marriott's!  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>mesfilles
<Content>Best location on Times Square Spent just one night at this hotel for dinner and a show so location and a nice hotel room were important. This hotel could not be situated in a better location for the WOW feeling of Times Square ; located on the tiny triangle of land where Broadway and  7th avenue intersect, so neat location. Very, very busy hustle bustle area so if not familiar may feel overwhelming. Hotel entrance is a smallish area with funky decor and blue vinyl (maybe leather) sofas where the bellman desk is. Must go up elevator to get to the main floor where the small check in desk is. This main lobby is very dark, and furnished very modernly and coldly but interesting. The furnishings and decor are a bit odd but fun for a night or two. The theme seems to be body parts some of the decor obvious and some more subliminal. The hotel feels lacking in amenities but we weren't looking for any so I could be wrong. Just an overall feeling that all the public facilites ie restaurant and bar are all on one small floor on either side of the tiny check in area. Everything we did was outside of the hotel so again, there may have been more to the hotel than we saw.Our room was great, overlooking Broadway. Lots of bright lights all night long out there but the curtains do a great job of blocking all light. Very little noise came up to us on the 6th floor. The beds are fabulous, we actually slept until 11AM and had no idea we were sleeping in so late. Great big flat screen tv, mini bar, a whole system for video games, computers etc... We did not use it so not sure of all its functions. The marble bathroom was beautiful. Shower only but huge, glassed in with a sitting area. Gorgeous unique blue, metallic and earth tone tiles (hard to decscribe) in the shower that I would love to have at home. Very comfortable room and bathroom.Hotel was full but we checked in a bit earlier than the 4pm check in with no problems.Bell staff were very pleasant and helpful.Would definitely stay at this hotel again for a night or two due to its location and great rooms and the interesting atmosphere. Don't know if I could stay longer than a couple days though as it is very dark in the lobby area and feels a bit somber.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	3	4	3	

<Author>Avonbride
<Content>Pros and Cons While we had a visit to NYC, there were a few things lacking from this hotel. We did give them the benefit of the doubt that they were not 100% done with renovations. We had a great location and a good price (due to being Rewards members) so all in all a pleasant stay.It is aggravating to have to take 2 different elevators to your room each time.The rooms are nice sized for NYC with a lot of new amenities. No bathrobes, which was surprising for a 4 star hotel. Our room guide was missing most of its pages, including all menus, so when we called room service it took a bit longer to place our order. Room service was very prompt, courteous, and delicious. I was surprised to not see an Ipod docking clock radio since those are all the rage at hotels now, but there was a nice flat screen tv and business center hook up area.Beds were very comfy, lots of extra pillows and the chaise lounge in great.The mini bar is electronic, but things fell out every time we opened it. So far, haven't seen a charge, so I guess we put them back quickly enough. The bathroom fan didn't work , and the shower stall door did not close. We didn't discover this until we were well settled in so didn't want to move rooms.Since we knew these were issues that could involve a maintenance man coming into the room for extended periods of time, we chose to ignore the problems and enjoy our stay instead.Our tiling was also crooked in the bathroom. Since it's pretty much what you stare at while in the shower, it was a bit funny. I wonder if they hurried up some rooms to meet their renovation deadline?We were asked what newspaper we preferred in the mornings, said the NY Times and got USA today. These are all little nitpicky items, but wanted to give an accurate review. I contacted the hotel more as an FYI instead of a complaint to let them know. But based on location and price ($200 a night for us) we were happy. If we had paid the rack rate of $400+, I might have voiced my concerns more loudly.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>3	5	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>hydepark
<Content>Not as Good as Expected Have been wanting to stay at this hotel for some time, having heard some good things about it. Spent 2 nights from Jan. 25-27. Decided to use Marriott points to stay at this hotel. Almost all the Marriott hotels in the Big Apple require the maximum number of points for one night. Otherwise, the nightly rate at the Renaissance would be $300. Even though I had read enough reviews of the Renaissance, I was still surprised when I arrived. For example, this hotel has a really small entrance, then you take the elevator up to the first floor, which is partly dark, since there is a lounge area right next to check-in..I was initially given a room on the 22nd floor, which has a view of Sixth Avenue as well as other tall buildings, but not a whole lot to see.. I didn't like the room being connected to another room, so I went and asked for one that didn't have a connecting door. Front desk was kind of in disbelief that this was the reason I wanted a room change. Frankly, hotels should not have any opinion as to why guests prefer specific rooms. If a guest prefers a specific room, they have a good reason why. A good hotel will go out of their way to give you the room you want, without acting like they think you're crazy.Check-in area was really small, more like a ticket booth instead of reception. Maybe they are still in the renovation phase.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	3	4	1	-1	-1	

<Author>seagullrob
<Content>New Year's Eve overlooking Times Square at the Renaissance       The Renaissance, New York.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bighead33
<Content>Nice place Just came back from a 2 night stay at this hotel. We got one of the just remodel rooms, they are HUGE by NYC standarts. It was very clean, conftable with a very modern look . The bathroom had a lot of space with a big shower. The location is very good if you like the very touristy, my wife loves it, y personally like to stay more uptown when we are in NYC. I have no complaints of any kind abou the hotel and would stay here again in te future.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>s665770
<Content>Perfect Stayed her from januari 1 for two nights.Room on the 24 floor overlooking Broadway / Duffysquare.Verry nice and clean new room. Large shower, no bathtub.They were finishing the complete overhaul off the hotel.Service was ok, friendly staff. The restaurant has a great view over Times Square. We had breakfast, service was ok buth the quality of the food didn't match our expectations. Nothing special average quality.When we return to New York we will definitly consider staying here again.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	3	4	3	

<Author>mschanel
<Content>Loved it! - Great for New Years Eve HAd a great stay at the renaissance - we arrived new years eve - the best views of times square! Room was lovely - bed was the best I have ever slept on! We were on the 16th floor with side views of times square - All staff were great - the position is the best - easy walk to most attractions - only 10 min walk to Saks and Rockafeller , 5 min walk to see Color Purple and A Chorus Line, the only negative was the room service was average but the rest was fabulous!  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>kfitz96CT
<Content>Renaissance Times Square - A Big Hit!       Bedroom  
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Whizzzy
<Content>Makeover successful - great service, great location. The Renaissance hotel in Times Square (on 7th, by the Broadway and 7th split) has recently been renovated. You enter on the ground floor where the concierge\bag check is located, but the lobby is one floor up - the wait for the elevator is probably the only complaint I had at this hotel. The ground floor entrance way has been redecorated in a 60's mod theme, with blue molded chairs and chrome body parts on the wall as art. Thankfully, the lobby/bar upstairs is warm and inviting.We did not avail ourselves of the bar, but it hummed with activitiy, and the guests seemed to be enjoying themselves. The lobby also has three internet screens available.The service is exceptional, the staff is friendly - they even remembered our name after meeting just the once. Pretty impressive given the number of guests. There was a fairly long line to check in, but the service was efficient and the line moved quickly.The room we received was on the 11th floor, with a view of Times Square. The room itself was huge for NYC standards, and very clean. There is a small window that can be opened partially for room ventiliation - which we enjoyed, given it was an unusually warm day in the city, and the room was initially a bit stuffy. It was around 50 degrees, which seemed to confuse the room air conditioner, which poured out warm air into the room. Opening the window helped refresh the room, but you do hear all of the street noise - fine for when you are awake, but we needed to close the window to sleep. The air conditioner did better the next day, cooling the room to our desired temperature.We requested and received a room with 2 beds - and a large bathtub/shower combo - with a curtain railing bowed out to provide more arm room. The shower itself was very nice with plenty of hot water pressure - and for me one of the most important amenities - a light in the shower. The bathroom was also pretty large for NYC, and had been made over with granite top and warm colors. Like the room, the bathroom was immaculate. We noticed other rooms on our floor with 1 single King bed had walk-in stall showers and no tub. The room has a large wooden closet with iron/board, extra pillows, shoe shine basket, wooden hangers (that actually come off the rod) and dry cleaning service bags. We also had a coffee service table and mini-fridge with bar. There was a room safe - but not in the closet as most, but in a pull out drawer. The beds are comfy, with fine clean white linens and feather comforters with duvet covers. Plenty of pillows. For such a large, busy hotel, the room was very quiet - no hall or elevator noise.Everything in the room worked - the TV, all the lights. There is a combination radio\CD\clock player in the room. The room has internet connections available, and a large board on which you can connect a portable DVD player to the TV. There's also a pull out work desk station.The location of the hotel is great, with subway station access uptown and downtown just a few doors down. There are all of the restaurants and theaters of Times Square, and just a few blocks walk to Rockefeller Center.All in all we enjoyed our stay and will definitely return.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mizlori
<Content>Liked it!! Stayed overnight in NYC because I had opera tickets for Saturday night. Would have preferred closer to Lincoln Center but this place was on the northern block ending Times Square. Very funky inside--I liked that a lot. I heard it has just been renovated and it looks great. Bathroom was lovely with colorful tiles in the shower. Large flat screen TV and nice cushy Simmons pillowtop mattresses. The blue headboard did not go in the neutral-colored room. The location is very good. Noisy late into the a.m. though so bring your earplugs! If you have a room with an adjoining door, be aware you will hear the people in the next room very clearly. I would stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	4	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>griff22
<Content>Great location. We stayed at the Renaissance Hotel from 19th - 22nd December. The location in Times Square is fabulous. The staff were friendly and helpful (with one exception which the management dealt with swiftly and courteously). The rooms were clean and felt spacious. The beds andpillows incredibly comfortable!! The view of Times Square from the Restaurant is a real bonus. The renovations were almost complete when we were there but certainly didn't bother us. The hotel was happy to accommodate a late check out and stored our bags whilst we squeezed in a performance of Chicago before heading for the airport. Tip - if like us you have four in your party and quite a few bags (!) the hotelorganised a large people carrier to take us back to JFK which was far more luxurious than a yellow cab and didn't cost that much more.The trip was to celebrate my son's 18th birthday and there were four of us in our party - me, my husband, my son and his girlfriend. The hotel was loved by us all - it is stylish and modern. I recommend cocktails at the bar! Would definitely return.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Brianm99
<Content>Not Quite Finished, but Nice Bellman were nice and service was excellent. We got there early so we expected that are room might not be ready and it wasn't. Due to their renovations, the lobby is half of its intended size and very crowded. It looks like it will be nice once it is finished, but right now it is barely functional. We went out into the city for a while and came back and our room was ready. The room is new and very nice. The only dissapointing thing about the rooms is that there are no good views of time square because the face of the hotel is covered with signs. It also was dissapointing that there is nowhere to have a drink overlooking Time Square. The lobby has no view. I guess I am spoiled by the Marriott Marquis. Other than that the service was excellent and staff very nice and helpful.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	5	3	4	5	

<Author>Caroge
<Content>Nice Place - Great Location This place is really nice, and in the middle of Times Square. Probably the one of the best locations of any hotel in Times Square. The rooms are very nice, and big for New York City. The place was very clean, and the staff was always friendly and helpful. I recommend this hotel to anyone staying, whether for business or for pleasure, if you want to be in the heart of Times Square.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Chocgirl
<Content>great location, but expensive We stayed here for one night - the first Saturday in December.We were meeting up with relatives who were staying in a hotel on Times Square, so decided to stay close to them.The renaissance was very expensive - over $700 for the one nightI know it was peak season etc, but we still thought it very expensive for what was a very nice, but nothing extra special hotel.The location was fabulous, great views from the 8th floor, good soundproofing, smart new decor. Check in service was good. We were able to check in early (around 10am), normal check in is at 4pm. We had also requested a feather free  room. This was provided promptly.The negatives were - no bath, only a shower.Also, having to take our own luggage down from our room, via reception, using 2 lifts, at peak checkout time. Very busy and crowded, queueing to use the lifts etc.When we had called to use the quick checkout facility  the phone wasn't being answered. Calling for help with our luggage we were told to make our own way down to the ground floor using the 2 lifts. I know it was peak time etc, but I would have thought it more efficient (and pleasant for all concerned) if staff had taken our suitcases in a service lift (as I presume they had when we arrived, which was very efficient).  
<Date>Dec 9, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	3	-1	

<Author>girlfromatlanta
<Content>Great location and service I have just got back from a 4 day stay and have to say the hotel is great, service is great and the rooms are wonderful. The hotel staff were really friendly and helpful, especially the guys on reception nothing was too much trouble. If I was coming back to New York i would book here again. The hotel is in a great location and easy to reach everywhere by taxi or the underground.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>MAT241
<Content>Superb Room and location This place is great!!! The hotel has just undergone a renovation and the rooms are beautiful and very large by New York standards. The staff are very friendly and helpful and go way beyond the call of duty. I left some clothes in the dresser and didn't realize it until I got home. I called back to the hotel, and the staff in lost and found retrieved my clothes, boxed them up, and overnighted them to me at no charge. NOW THAT'S WHAT I CALL SERVICE!!!! Also the Time Square location is extremely convenient to the theaters and tons of other attractions. There is a subway station just outside the door as well. You definitely won't go wrong with this super hotel!!!!  
<Date>Dec 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LolTM
<Content>Great Location So I had a single night in New York before I headed upstate for a conference and decided that Times Square was the place to be. Unfortunately, staying in Manhattan on the first saturday of December was always going to be expensive, but I didn't realise how expensive it would be!The taxi driver managed to get lost (how is this possible for a taxi driver to get lost going between JFK and Times Square?), but eventually I spotted the single door leading to the hotel's lobby. Or at least, I thought it was the lobby. Due to the nature of the location, the ground floor is just an entrance, and an elevator is required to get to the lobby. I was checked in within 30 seconds and up to my King Room. I had a great view of a scrolling ticker out of my window (what else in Times Square), but the curtains were thick enough to block out all light. The room was very pleasant with a comfortable bed, clean and crisp bedding and a large and powerful shower. Internet access was charged at $17 per day which i thought was a bit expensive considering the price of the room, and it was also wired (ethernet cable was present in the room). One thing that may help others, was that the network connection on the desk was part of a multiplug that also had connectors for DVI and HDMI. I presume these led to the large LCD TV so anyone travelling with a laptop full of movies could theoretically play them on the TV, or fine tune any business presentations on a big screen - quite a plus. Unfortunately, having a MacMini meant I had left my $30 adapter back at home and could neither test nor use this facility.The location was excellent and I went for a walk in the evening to take a look around. The large Christmas tree in the Rockefeller Plaza was about 10 minutes away, as was 5th Avenue. 10 minutes walking south got me to the huge Macy's (where I got lost) and also to the Empire State building. Even though I was on the 7th floor, the hotel was suitably soundproofed and no noise from Times Square entered my room.The staff were most helpful in every way and are happy to mind your luggage upon checking our (which is 12:00 by the way) should you want to look around the city before you head off to another destination. In addition, the staff downstairs can provide advice for locations, dining and the best way to get to another location. In my case, they recommended against getting a cab upstate and called their own driver who took my to my next destination. Friendly and very efficient service!All in all, a very pleasant experience and I would recommend this hotel to anyone if the rooms are a little less expensive (which I believe they are given a different date). It has been recently modernised and won't be to everyone's taste, but as a very pleasant room in the centre of Manhattan, it is fine. I would have rated it as excellent apart from the cost.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Katy-Sue
<Content>Great stay, great location We had read some of the reviews and were a little worried about the renovations taking place, but we arrived on a Friday and left on the Monday evening and only the only evidence of renovations was painting in the lobby area on the Monday morning, so I think the renovations must be mostly finished. Hotel staff were all very helpful, our flight to come home wasn't until 9pm so we asked about a later check out this was arranged for 2pm, then security staff looked after our suitcases until 6pm when we needed to head off for the airport.The beds are lovely, very large and comfortable. The view from the room was great considering I had been told that you're very lucky to find a hotel room in New York that doesn't look out onto a brick wall (like our friends who had stayed at the Waldorf Astoria). Rooms were clean and spacious.Would certainly go back to this hotel, if nothing else because of the convenient location.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>ceeferace
<Content>Fantastic Hotel       Bathroom  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>2Busy2
<Content>Maybe it will get better When we first arrived in the room we thought it was great. Nice and clean, furnished well and plenty of room. But then we noticed what looked liked bodily fluids on the spreads (bleach white so I'm not sure how they missed it). It might not have been something else but it looked like it and made me uncomfortable. We reported it and they only changed one but left a nice bottle of champaign and chocolate covered cherries for us. That sort of made up for it but over the next few days we came to be really disappointed. The main problem was the guests and cleaning staff slamming doors, which made the front door in our room shake and the joining rooms door rattle. A couple of times they slammed it so loud it made me jump straight out of the bed! With all of the renovations I can't understand why they didn't do better with the doors. We tried for two days to get the front desk to ask them to stop but to no avail. The walls are extremely thin, as well. We could hear the people next door putting their clothes in the drawers and closets. Honestly, if it weren't for the issue with the door slamming I wouldn't mind going back but would never pay that kind of money again to be inconvenienced. The restaurant has a GREAT view! Someone rented it out for the Macy's Parade and they gave us a nice hot breakfast to go free.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2007
<Rating>2	3	4	5	3	3	4	2	

<Author>jacksondc
<Content>Almost Done... The hotel has undergone a huge beautifucation, but isn't quite there yet. Thank goodness for the so-far slow holiday season. There would be some pretty upset folks! The rooms were guaranteed at 100% done, but weren't. Mismatched furniture, reverse hot and cold water, not a clean room...But the new decor that's either there or coming is outstanding. Keep up the good work. And the bell staff should teach the rest of the hotel about customer service...they were OUTSTANDING. Hit this hotel in a couple of months when the now-closed fitness center is done and the staff has a proper desk to welcome guests. It's all a bit transitional at the moment.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jacksonToronto
<Content>Disappointed this time with Renaissance We have stayed at the Renaissance for years, several times a year, and have always loved it, but this time was a true disappointment. The renovations to the lobbies and the work on the elevators were very inconvenient. It meant lining up for the elevator every time you had to use it to go in or out or up to the rooms. Only one elevator up to the rooms was working for most of the visit. There was lots of noise and ducking under ladders and scaffolding. One night all of the elevators were out of order at just the time everyone was leaving for the theatre. Having to walk down all those flights then wind our way through dank hallways to an outside exit was very unpleasant. The old staffers who were there were still helpful and friendly but the hotel had many new staff and they were not helpful nor were they friendly. The reno to the restaurant is disappointing. Tables are crammed in close together and the tiered seating is gone so the view isn't as good. We had to wait 20 minutes one morning to get in for breakfast and when they finally took us in, several tables were empty! No idea why we had to wait. Even the housekeeping wasn't as good as usual. Turn down service came at around 4 in the afternoon, way too early. Room service trays from the previous night were still there when we left our rooms mid-morning. Just a very disappointing stay, and to top it all off, the price for the rooms was higher, by far, than it ever was before!  
<Date>Nov 17, 2007
<Rating>2	1	4	4	3	3	2	2	

<Author>zoisite
<Content>great location The hotel lobby was being renovated but it did not cause any problems with check in etc. We booked one of the larger corner rooms which had just been renovated and it was a really nice room with a great view over Times Square. There was no bath but a lovely large shower and compared to other bathrooms we have seen in New York it was really spacious and of course brand new after the renovations etc. Would recommend this hotel as it is in such a great location. They also have a computer and printer in the lobby dedicated to on-line airline check-in and to print off your boarding cards - very useful.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>Istate75
<Content>Great location, large room, huge bed and great view       Best bed in the world..period!  
<Date>Nov 16, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Micnrose
<Content>Comfortable and Friendly We just returned from an excellent stay at the Renaissance. I had read some recent reviews before we left and I was curious as to what we would encounter, well those reviewers who found the staff to be unhelpfull or unfriendly must of had a shift working that we never encountered, eveyone was pleasant and helpfull. Even though the hotel is under renovations things were quite , clean and yes it may take a little longer navigating the elevators but once you get into the habit of changing cars it isn't a problem. The bed is by far the most comfortable I've slept in. There is a small market across the street that has fresh cut fruit, panninis and salads, very tasty and very affordable, better than anything else in the area for breakfast.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AvidTravler123
<Content>Best Birthday spent here Last year as a birthday retreat my mother booked a trip to this particular hotel. When we arrived we were smack dab in the middle of the hussle and bussle of Times Square! We only spent a weekend here, but the hotel was wonderful!The bed's were so nice you never wanted to leave it's warmth. The room was fine except our bathtub leaked water but otherwise everything was up to par. Eating breakfast while viewing Times Square was breath taking even though the breakfast wasnt anything special.The concierge was very polite and I loved the lobby. This hotel is very elegant yet not too stuffy for a regular traveler like myself. I would love to visit here again.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>nezandpez
<Content>The most comfortable bed in the world! I took my fianc茅e to NY for his 30th birthday and stayed at the hotel for 5 nights. I had read the previous reviews and was torn between booking the hotel, as they were very mixed reviews. Having stayed at the hotel, I can confirm and disprove some of the previous reviews.Firstly, yes there are renovations, and it is inconvenient to have to take 2 elevators to reach your room. However it is understandable why they have to do this, and once renovations are complete, this will no longer be an issue.Next, breakfast. It does indeed take a long time to get breakfast; and if you were in a hurry, I would recommend getting breakfast early. However, the food and the view do make up for the slow service.The staff at the hotel were all friendly and helpful. Even at 4 in the morning, when we checked in due to a delay in our flight. There were no complaints in this department. The bedroom. What can I say about the bed? It was the best bed I have ever slept in. So much so, I am now throwing out all my old duvets and pillows and topper to buy new bedding to try and replicate the sensation of sleeping on clouds. Other reviews have commented on how comfortable the beds are and I have to fully agree with them. With regards the bathroom, we did have a soap dish and a bin in the bathroom. The rooms are clean and comfortable. One piece of advice is in the mini bar, if you rearrange your fridge to fit in your own drinks, you might get accidentally charged for items, as the mini bar uses sensors to track what you take.The location is excellent, with a metro station right outside the hotel.All in all the hotel is very nice.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	2	4	-1	

<Author>SELLSTER
<Content>Nice, with a few hiccups.... The hotel was very nice, however, there were some annoying things about staying there. Most of the problems were due to the renovations that are currently going on. It's a pain to take two different elevators to get up to your room. We also had Gold status, and normally that comes with a private room where you can grab a quick continental breakfast. With this hotel, you literally have to take the time to be sat and you are required to order off the menu. That is fine when you aren't in a hurry, but we happen to be in one.The last thing (And this is very minor, but I'm going to mention it anyway) is that there wasn't a soap holder, and every time you washed your hands and sat the soap down, it would slide off the sink and onto the counter. Just little things like that could have been thought of, when they did the designing. They also didn't think to put a garbage can in the bathroom either. Overall, it was a great place to stay. Especially the location. And if you can get away without staying there until the renovations are done, then I would definitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>BridieBrady
<Content>Very comfortable       view from bedroom window  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wquat
<Content>Great Hotel Just returned from a 4 day visit with two pre-teen grandaughters and we had a very nice stay at the Renaissance. I was a little concerned after reading some previous reviews but we were more than satisfied with the choice. The ONLY inconvenience was having to go up an elevator to the 3rd floor, which is their temporary lobby, and then having to take another elevator up to the room. I'm sure this will not be an issue when all the renovations are complete which should be soon. On the plus side of this, the security people on the ground level ask to see your room keys before allowing you to go up to the lobby. The rooms were very spacious and the beds VERY comfortable. The bathroom was large and very attractive with mother of pearl tiles on the wall. The Lather amenities were nice. You can't ask for a better location in Times Square. The staff was very cordial and accomodating. We did not eat in their restaurant but there are scads of restaurants all around plus a market across the street Smilers I think that carried any kind of food that you could imagine. We used the smoothie shop adjacent to the hotel for yummy treats!  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>gandolf20
<Content>Great time My wife and I booked a stay in the hotel for a weekend trip to Manhattan. It was our first time there and we had a great time! The hotel has an excellent location on Times Square; it is centrally located and is very close to Central Park, subway stations, Broadway theatres, etc... It was undergoing rennovations while we stayed there, but it did not inconveince us. The staff was very nice and accomodating. While we were in the city we ate at a restaurant called SWIZZ, on 310 West 53rd Street, between 8th and 9th Ave. It is Swiss food, and very good at that. Oh, one other thing we learned is that the Metropolitan Museum of Art and the Museum of Natural History has suggested entrance ticket fees, but do accept donations. A regular ticket may cost $18 for an adult, but you can donate as little as you want to enter. My wife and I only had a couple hours to see the MET, so we donated $5 each, rather than pay full price since we were not going to be there all day.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>tbrax
<Content>Could have chose another I usually stay at Marriott Hotels on business. I decided to stay at the Renaissance becasue of the location. The hotel is currently going under renovations. Becasue of this, there is only one way into the hotel(through baggage). I could live with that if it wasn't for the poor service my wife and receved everyday we were at the hotel. At the one and only restaurant for breakfast, we never received service. Though we wanted to order off menu, we had to use the buffet and get our own drinks. The only time we saw the wait staff was to bring us the bill. Maybe the hotel will be at a better status when the construction is complete, but until then, I would personally stayed at another hotel.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	5	1	4	-1	1	

<Author>UkClare
<Content>Fantastic Location and staff I have just returned from my honeymoon after staying at the Renaissance Hotel Times Square, and yes there is major renovations going on at the minute but I have to say that, that did not ruin our honeymoon one little bit. We did hear the odd 'bang' and drill going once in a while but to be honest that was when we returned to the hotel to drop off all the shopping bags we had gathered during the day. The location of this hotel is 5 star and you couldn't ask for anything better, with all the city noise going on 24 hours a day, you can not hear it with their sound proof windows. The staff were top class and Omar the conceirge is fantastic he definately knows his New York without a doubt and how to get here there and everywhere and if you need tickets etc you MUST go see him.All I can say is yes the renovations can make you think 'oh my what have i booked' when you arrive but trust me when i say that, that should not put you off from staying at the Renaissance Hotel Times Square, I am already booking my next trip for March and I am certainly staying at the Renaissance, I cant wait to see what there do with this hotel I was told that it will be complete by December.Top Class Stay!!!!!!!  
<Date>Sep 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>PebblesUK
<Content>Right in the heart of Times Square Excellent hotel right in the centre of Times Square staff very help full. 26 floors the room was great had every thing we needed also has a in room safe and tea and coffee Free.The hotel is clean and tidy as are the rooms.The renaissance is under going work at the moment to upgrade rooms we stayed for five nights and had no problems or heard any buliding work.We would stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>plots
<Content>Very disappointed Having stayed at the Renaissance several years ago, I was very excited to return. However, that excitement was short-lived once we arrived.I did receive a letter regarding current renovations, but not until shortly before the trip, and long after I had prepaid for the room.I was assured several times that the construction would not start before 9 a.m. So I was rather unhappy to be woken up at 8 a.m. on Saturday morning by hammering. The woman in the room next door poked her head out of her door at the same time I did. She was irate, to say the least. She said her stay had been miserable because of the construction.I called at least three times during the next 45 minutes because the hammering would stop shortly after I called the front desk, and would start up again a few minutes later.The water also was turned off when I checked in, so I had to cancel my plans to go for a run and then have a shower.Things improved on Sunday and Monday. The water was not turned off, and I was not woken up by construction.Elevators were an issue, as everyone in the hotel was funneled into only one elevator between the lobby floor and the street level. There often was a long line for that elevator.The room itself was large by New York City standards, and the beds were very comfortable. A good shower, but the lack of a fan in the bathroom left it smelling vaguely musty. The TV, which appeared to be circa 1983, did not work properly. Using the iron and hair dryer at the same time shorted the electricity for half of the room. The outlets provided on the desk tripped about every 2 minutes, so using those was impossible.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>aalega
<Content>Very nice stay. The Renaissance is under construction, but we had a very nice stay. We had a renovated room, it was beautiful, bed was awesome. Staff was helpful and pleasant. My only complaint was that we had to go to the lobby or bar to use the wifi. There was a $17 per day charge to have (corded) internet access in our room.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	4	4	4	2	

<Author>TRAVELWAY52
<Content>disappointed due to construction We had stayed at the Renaissance before 2 years ago, and thought it was the best location and hotel at Times Square. With high expectations, we assumed that nothing would have changed.Were we wrong!!! Currently, there is renovating going on at the hotel,which should be completed by October. There is a narrow entrance in entering the lobby before riding up the elevator to the main lobby area. There was blaring music that was not appropriate when we entered the building. We are Marriott Reward members, and had requested a refrigerator, extra pillows, toiletries, and a high level floor. It took 5 hours for us to receive our room!! The room did not have the items we requested by concierge email, so we had to request again with the front desk. There was not an area to wait for our room,due to the lack of seating and the other people also waiting for their room. So, we went to the Westin,which we stayed at last year, and waited in their large waiting area.The room was nice when we got there, but it was not very homey. It looked like a businessman's rooms. There was no flat screen tv, no free bottle water ( the Westin offers), and it was noisy due to the construction. The ice machine area on each floor is supposed to have vending machines, but none were visible.The fitness room used to have a basket of fruit for those that workout, but this amenity was no longer available. The treadmills were old and needed updating. The buttons on one of the elevators did not light up to indicate which floor you selected.You would have to hope that after pushing the button, that the elevator would take you to your floor.We still love the location and the hotel will probably look nice after the renovation, but for those that have to endure the process- we should have notified at reservation of the construction-the management should have reduced the rate or reduced the points needed to stay due to construction.-where are the apples at the front desk?? all the other Renaissance hotels still make it available for it's guests  
<Date>Sep 9, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	5	4	1	3	4	

<Author>jlb978
<Content>Disappointing... Marriott Renaissance is in a great spot - the heart of Times Square... but we were SO disappointed ... the hotel had told us ahead of time that they are undergoing beautification - translation - lots of construction noise! Since we were visiting for our Anniversary, I called the hotel in advance to make sure that we would be placed on a floor away from the construction noise... they assured us that it would be no problem..... just to paint the picture, our room was a)directly under the construction, b)outside the air-conditioning condensers, and c) next to the elevator!!!!! When I expressed my disappointment, I was assured that we would get extra Marriott Rewards Points!!! We had made the decision to stay at the hotel, understanding that there would be some inconveniences.... BUT, at $419/night, we didn't expect to be woken at 8:45 by saws and hammers... I'm sure it will be great once complete, but in the mean time, consider staying somewhere else.....  
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	5	4	2	3	2	

<Author>Swillygb
<Content>The staff is what made the difference! This was my first stay at the Renaissance in Times Square, and I have to say, our stay was exceptional. Like many other reviewers have stated, the location is superb, right in the heart of Times Square. I knew when I booked the hotel in June that it was being remodeled, and had been monitoring reviews. I also received a letter in the mail before our stay advising us of the renovations.When you first walk in, it seems less than impressive, as the entrance is under construction and you take an elevator to the reception area. The lobby is nothing special ... but I am sure it will look much nicer come October when everything is complete.I had called the night before to request a newly renovated room, and they complied with our request. The new carpet in the hallway was busy and obnoxious ... not necessarily my taste ... but I guess it won't show the wear as much. The room was very nice, and the bed was heavenly.The best part of our stay, however, was the staff, in particular Cathy and Mario. They were so friendly and helpful, it truly made our trip special. They even went so far as to have a complimentary bottle of champagne and strawberries sent to our room. It is details like this that make the hotel stand out from the rest.We weren't bothered what-so-ever by the renovations, on Saturday morning we could hear them starting around 10 am but it was not too loud or bothersome.I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone, and we will definitely return to the Renaissance on our next trip to NYC.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>listen2oasis
<Content>Great location, will be great hotel this hotel is great for its location, literally in the middle of Times Square, you walk out of the hotel and you are in the thick of all that is happening and also very close to Rockefeller Center, Central Park. etc. Its only downside at the moment is that it is going through what the hotel call a beautification, so on arrival yes the lobby is bad, well non existent really, the check in area is not good, and there are hoardings around hiding the building work. However I was sent a letter from the hotel before I arrived telling me about this, I also knew from reading Tripadvisor and had emailed hotel to ask them about disruption to hotel during work. Therefore I cannot complain about hotel as others before me have, I was aware and still booked. When renovations are complete this hotel will be great. When we checked in I was given an old room, within about 10 mins of checking in front desk rang to ask if everything was ok, I asked to be moved to a refurbished room, they couldn't do it for first night but promised me for 2nd. On 2nd day we were out sightseeing all day and came back to find we had new room and all luggage had already been moved. Ask for a refurbished room, they are brighter and more modern and just seem cleaner. Breakfast was standard but view over Times Square priceless, staff all very attentive and helpful.Overall a great hotel for sightseeing in the Big Apple  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>VAFamilyof5
<Content>Good Hotel Hotel is under renovation, so the lobby is tight. The room was nice but small, which is probably the NYC norm. We had a package that included breakfast. Food and service at the restaurant was excellent, and the view is great. Other hotel staff were good. They parked my new Suburban for 3 days without incident, although it cost $64 per day. The location of the hotel could not be better if you want to be in the heart of Times Square within walking distance of Broadway, Rock. Center, 5th Ave. shopping, etc. We hopped on the subway near the hotel for a Yankees game and the next day for sightseeing in lower Manhattan. It was a pricey stay, but overall it was worth the money. When renovations are complete I'm sure the experience will be even better.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>stevie-p-uk
<Content>Top location, comfortable bed!!! This was our second visit to NYC, and having previously stayed at the Hotel Pensylvannia (not the best) we decided to 'upgrade' ourselves for a bit of luxury following our wedding and head for the Renaissance in Times Square.The location could not be beat, the staff seemed helpful, however we were out more than in. The breakfast was fantastic as were the rooms (good size for NYC) and the bed was just fantastic...the most comfortable I have ever slept in.The only downside I would say is that yes you can get a fab view of Times Square, however, make sure that you ask for a room, maybe around floor 3-6 as if you are much higher you don't actually get to see much of the goings on in the outside world as you are too high up and all you get to see is other tower blocks and maybe a bill board or two!! (cannot complain though as prior to my arrival I asked for a high room thinking that the view would probably be the best, we stayed on the 15th floor).I do see some reviews slating this hotel, however, can honestly say that if people find it not to their taste then they are probably very hard to please.Overall would recommend this hotel and would definately stay again due to location of the hotel and comfort of the rooms.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>tarheelfan96
<Content>No problems with the Renaissance My daughter, daughter in law and I just returned from a wonderful 4 day stay at the Renaissance Hotel in nyc. Everyone was helpful and made our stay very pleasant. Our room had a king bed and we asked for a rollaway. The rollaway was twin size, did not roll up and slid out of the way nicely. We were not even aware of noises from renovations--in fact did not see any sign of them except for the lobby and anybody should be able to put up with a minor inconvenience! We would return in a heart beat!  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>themeperks
<Content>A Nightmare This is a terrible hotel. Let's begin with the lobby. Oh, wait. There isn't one. You enter from 7th Avenue into a dank box with two rickety elevators that take you to the third floor, where you find... another dank box. This one has a tiny bar and several temporary desks. A video projector blind you as you exit the elevator, projecting meaningless sperm-like squiggles in a possible attempt to distract you from the disgusting space. Following a twisting passageway, you arrive at three elevators. Two and a half, actually, as one of them was used primarily to trap guests throughout our stay - to the point that hotel employees - ever helpful - joked about it. Once you arrive in your room, the space is actually fairly nice, if somewhat dirty. As I type this I literally cannot converse with others in my room, because of the 'minor' construction noise that begins on the floor above at 7am every day. The location is great, right in the middle of Times Square. But don't expect a view - the side of the hotel that would have one is blocked by that giant Coca Cola sign. There is a view of one thing, though - the four other hotels you should have stayed at: the Sheraton, the W, the Westin and the Marriott Marquis.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	4	1	2	1	3	

<Author>wvshopper
<Content>SUPER--In the Heart of Town Very nice Hotel, amazingly close to Everything in and around Times Square!!!!!Yes, renovations are going on, but we were up and out of our room and they did not bother us. If you are going to be in your room from 8am to 5pm, you may experience some noise, but after this location is remodeled, it will even be better than it is now.We did not have a remodeled room but it was still nice. The view from the room was wonderful, we were on the 9th floor, and you could hear a little bit of street noise but not much. Just request a higher floor if you do not want to hear the street.Our two queen beds were very comfortable with down comforter and soft sheets, and nice pillows. Lighting in the room was plentiful. A nice size closet, to hang your clothing. TV good and a variety of channels. Bathroom had good lighting and nice size tub/shower. The room also has a small refrigerator, with items for a CHARGE. Coffee maker with coffee for free.The A/C was very quite and efficient.I would recommend this property and would stay here again. Especially after the remodel. I will be excited to see the finished product.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>girlncalifornia
<Content>renovations going on, but this was nice! we stayed here on 7/29 - 7/31, and enjoyed a renovated room on the 24th floor. the room was supposed to be a smaller room as it was in the end of the hall but compared to previous ny hotels we have visited, this room was spacious! the decor was modern, but even if the carpets were new, we wonder why they chose such a bold design for the hallways, and a garish color for the interiors of the rooms. the bathroom was nicely done too with extra towels. the king bed was very comfortable, so were the pillows. in the morning, we did hear renovations going on, but not a major inconvenience as it was after 8. a minor inconvenience was having to go to the 14th floor for ice, but we just had to do it once. the location was great, the enitre staff was accomodating and courteous. we would definitely come back if given a chance.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SerendipityNewYork
<Content>Awful Terrible - I had an awful experience at this hotel. The staff was clueless about what was going on and were not courteous enough of to take care of the smallest issues. There was noise in the hotel at all times - especially with the construction going on. I will not stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>iheartfood2005
<Content>Great Location I stayed at this property using my Marriott Points.Room:We had a room with 1 king bed that was at the end of the hallway. It was a bit smaller than the typical hotel room at Renaissance Hotels, not sure if it is because we had the end room, or all the rooms at this property were small. Other than size, the room was very clean, had everything we need, and provided everything we expected from a hotel room.Service:The staff at this hotel were excellent at every level. Although we arrived very early, the front desk was very courteous and helped us check in early with no charges.Location:The location of this hotel cannot be beat! We had no idea that this was literally one of the buildings in the middle of times square and had a little trouble finding it when we first arrived. We were absolutely right in the middle of everything! We walked around times square, saw a show on broadway, and took the subway all around Manhattan.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>Maggie065
<Content>Renovations were going on while we were there June 8-11 This was my second stay at the Renaissance and there is indeed work going on. However, the work goes on between 8:00 am and 5:00 pm so it really wasn't a bother because we were out of the room most of the time. The staff were courteous and helpful and even allowed us to check into our room around 11:00 am. I was a little disappointed that we couldn't eat breakfast in the usual restaurant where we could look out over Times Square as we ate, but they are in the process of remodeliing that as well. Temporarily, the dining room is where the lounge was previously located on the opposite side of the building.Even with construction going on, we had a wonderful stay at the Renaissance and would definitely go back. You can't beat it for location and the beds are wonderful! I also love the large bathrooms and the marble vanity tops with enough space for the three of us to put all of our stuff.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>avillebud
<Content>Nice Stay... will be much nicer soon       Nice Size room for NYC  
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>LusaMD
<Content>Under renovation, needs it badly, don't count on Marriott Rewards benefits Like a prior reviewer, I am Marriott Platinum Elite, which makes one eligible for a room upgrade, access to the concierge floor or to breakfast, a welcome gift, and a Marriott Rewards points bonus. The latter showed up, but none of the other benefits were given to me, the hotel hasn't responded to my inquiry about this at checkout, and Marriott Rewards corporate basically says tough. Over and above that disappointment (what good is being in the highest rewards level where special service is to ensue), the hotel is currently under renovation, which it sorely needs. The rooms are average at best for this level of hotel and daily room rate. The carpets, furnishings, wall coverings, etc., were pretty worn and badly in need of upgrading. The lobbies are incredibly small for such a large hotel, there are few onsite extra amenities and meeting rooms, parking is offsite and not immediately accessible, service is OK but staffing is slim, and the single restaurant is small, undistinguished, and competes with numerous restaurants in the area that are better and half the price. I was extremely disappointed, won't return. There are numerous superior hotels in the immediate area, particularly the Marriott Marquis (outstanding and far better than this alleged 4-diamond property), the Westin, the Marriott Courtyard (a lesser luxury property, but better), etc. Also, don't count on anything if you participate in Marriott Rewards.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	2	2	2	2	2	

<Author>yali-fan
<Content>Fabulous City I stayed at the Renaissance last December and thoroughly enjoyed it. Room was clean, spacious and the beds were amazing! I wanted to take the bed home on the plane with me!! We paid for room only (not many NY hotels do BB or if they do they charge like wounded rhino) so we ate out which was cheaper. The staff at the hotel were incredibly friendly and helpful and answered questions with a smile. Main reception is on first floor via a ground floor lobby - please check if you are staying at this hotel in 2007 though as I think they may be renovating it at some stage - although please check this with the hotel. It is slap bang in the middle of Times Square one of the best locations in New York - we were quite high up and had amazing views of the street and flashing billboards - we had no problem with noise as double glazing was very good and also being high up helped. Lifts were prompt - no waiting around for ages and in the stair well they have an ice machine which I think should be mandatory in British Hotels! its so handy to have an ice machine to keep your wine cool ;o) have a wonderful stay anyone who is staying here - I found it a wonderful hotel and as for New York well it speaks for itself! Loved it.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MerfCaernarfon
<Content>Best location, great hotel Rooms big for New York, clean and tidy. The bed was simply wonderful as reported by others on this site (wondered what the fuss was about) - I now understand! The location is the best in Manhattan, in particular for first time tourist. It's located in Times Square, tourist info office is opposite. Shops, all theatres, subway and tour buses within 200 metres of hotel. The downtown, uptown and night tour buses are across the road. The staff were freindly, especially the concierge who could not do enough for you. The best feature of the hotel has to be the view of Times Square from the restaurant in the evening or at breakfast. It's on the third floor, reception level and is a site to behold. All in all, this is a class hotel. One word of caution, they are renovating the hotel this year.  
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>LittleJan
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location We arrived at the hotel on Friday 13th April. The check in was quick and efficient and we were shown to our room on the 21st floor. The first thing that we noticed was the sound.... considering the location it was peaceful. The room was large, well equipped and spotlessly clean. There was plenty of closet and drawer space, which we have often found lacking in most NY hotels. The bathroom too was a very good size with plenty of towels and toiletries. I noticed that the hairdryer was missing, but after a call to housekeeping, it was delivered 10 minutes later.Unfortunately the weather in NY was absolutely atrocious for the ten days we were there, but the staff always had a smile on their faces and made us feel we were coming home after a day out. We only ate once in the hotel, and that was for breakfast. It was bbuffet style. There was a very good choice and for a hotel, very good value. The location of this hotel is superb. No more than 2 minutes from the subway and of course theatres and shops. We travel to New York three or four times a year as our daughter lives there and we would have absolutely no hesitation in booking this hotel again.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Julie031
<Content>Great Location This was our first time in New York,  we decided on this hotel due to its central location  we weren't disappointed.We spent 4 nights here over Easter, the room was a reasonable size  the double beds were just so comfortable - the best we've ever slept on - that it was a joy to get back to our room after a hectic day sightseeing.Our room was on the 15th floor  the outside noise didn't bother us at all.All the staff were courteous  helpful, the concierge recommended  booked us a restaurant on our first night, It was reasonably priced  a lovely way to start our holiday.Its a good idea if you are doing a show or if you want to eat by 9pm to reserve a table at a restaurant, as they all get very busy.The subway is literally a few steps from the hotel entrance  a very cheap  quick way to get around the city - $24 for a weeks unlimited travel on subway  bus.If you want to have cold drinks in your room ask for a refrigerator on checking in, as if you move anything in the minibar it automatically gets charged.We would have no hesitation in returning to this hotel on our next visit to NYC.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>elphie1162
<Content>problems galore, will never go back Let me start by saying we have previously stayed at this hotel several times in 2006 and had wonderful service and great accommodations, which is why we chose this hotel for spring break 2007.... However we just returned from a 9 day stay over Easter. We are Platinum Elite members and were put in a shabby room next to the supply/service area where we were awakened every morning at 8 am with banging and chatter (and yes I did ask them to stop) that sounded as if it were in our room (they finally offered to move us... 7 days into our trip). Took several calls and a trip to desk to get rollaway that was supposed to be sent up 'right away' and then I had to make it (at 11:30 pm). Had several maitenance issues (that involved guest safety and required 2 phone calls) and frankly maitenance guy wasn't very inclined to fix it until I pointed out what would happen if one of us got hurt, desk never called to see if they were resolved. Room service order timely... but wrong. Breakfast buffet sparce and service terrible (20 minutes to get coffee...I was on my way to get it myself when he finally brought it over). The last sraw was when we returned from a show at 11:30 pm to find our room had not been cleaned (despite a call and trip to the desk before we left).We spoke with Asst general manager the next day, he was not very helpful. I did discover that management has changed in the past few months and its obvious it has not been for the better. I will say the Concierge Staff is top notch, but that is not enough to hazard a stay at this hotel. Also, they are not that busy as several floors are already closed off due to upcoming renovations set to start May 1st. Best of luck to you if you stay here.We won't ever again.... not with the Westin a few blocks away!  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	4	1	1	3	

<Author>poolos
<Content>Fantastic, wonderful staff This hotel is in a fantastic location, right in the middle of times square. The views from the rooms and the restaurant are amazing. I stayed there with my mother and my younger sister on a sightseeing trip. I had been to New York several times before and this was by far and away the best hotel I have stayed in. The room was spacious with a large bathroom and an extremely comfortable bed.What really made this stay special was the staff. Every member of staff we encountered was friendly and polite and made an effort to get to know you. We ate breakfast in the hotel restaurant each morning and the waiters remembered what we ate the morning before. I would certainly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>MontyQueensland
<Content>Everything it promised and more Service was great, the view was amazing and the concierge was the best I have encountered. This hotel is everything it is cracked up to be. There could be no better way to experience the theatre district in all it's grandeur.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>stormville
<Content>Overpriced, small rooms My wife and I spent a weekend at this hotel as a romantic getaway. Though the hotel was OK, I would say overall it was disappointing, and I would not recommend it for that kind of stay. The room was very small, even though it was one of the more expensive rooms ($429 per night). For this price, I expect superluxury service, which this was not. The number of TV channels was disappointing. Also, there was no turn-down service. And there were tacky touches such as a breakfast menu left on the bed. I didn't like having to take two elevators to get to our room. On the plus side, the location was great if you like Times Square, as I do.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	4	4	3	3	1	

<Author>isismoon69
<Content>Family Friendly Hotel I stayed at this hotel with my two kids (12  13) during the Easter holiday. The hotel was pricey ($379/night) and I was feeling a bit cheated until I met the front desk staff. Their friendly smiles, helpful attitudes, and the special MMs gift that they left for us in our room made the difference. I can honestly say that I did not hear my neighbors nor the street noise so the hotel is sound proof - this I loved! If you decide to visit Times Sqaure you must splurge on the the Gray-Line bus tour's All Loops package. We practically experienced everything that NYC has to offer tourists. Over a 3 day period using the Gray-Line hop-on/hop-off service (included in the All Loops package) we were able to dine in Harlem for a soul food dinner at Sylvia's, ate breakfast in Little Italy, shopped in SoHo, visited the WTC site, shopped at Century 21 department store, toured the MET, spotted celebrities, ate LOTS of sweets at Dylan's Candy Bar, toured Wall Street, etc., all by using the Gray-Line tours. Don't buy the tour package from the street vendors! Call their 1-800 # and pick the tickets up to save 10%. The ticket office is very close to this hotel. Thanks to Gray-Line, this hotel, and a great pair of walking shoes, this was the BEST vacation ever! The kids loved it and so did I - worth every penny!  
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>CALove2Travel
<Content>Great Place to Stay in the Heart of Times Square We headed over to the Renaissance Hotel after a dreadful night at another hotel around the block. As soon as we walked into our room, we knew we had made the right choice to shell out a bit more cash for a highly rated hotel in the same area. The room was spacious, the view of Times Square was great, the staff were helpful, and most importantly, the bed was super comfortable! This is a very nice hotel and we highly recommend it if you are staying in Times Square.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>hydra
<Content>A very nice hotel We stayed here for three nights around the end of March.The style is a mixture of contemporary and art deco and manages to convey a feeling of understated class with a relaxed atmosphere.We stayed on the fifteenth floor and had a view out onto 7th Avenue. Plenty of hustle and bustle going on outside 24/7 but we were never disturbed by this as the soundproofing is excellent.The staff were very friendly and our maid even left us a thankyou note for the tip we left her each day.The location is excellent for the Broadway theatres along with plenty of restaurants and shops. The Olive Garden is right underneath the hotel (hotel starts on 2nd floor) and there is a great juice bar called Jambas next door.Also handy is the main stop for the Gray Line open top bus tours (just across the street). We found this very handy for seeing pretty much the whole of Manhattan in a short period. The subway station is also next door.The Rockefeller Center is a couple of blocks away, so is easily walkable. The Top of the Rock is a must-do visit.All-in-all we found our stay very enjoyable with the hotel providing a comfortable and friendly stay with a touch of class in a great central location.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>jnwhi
<Content>Nice Stay This property was centrally located in Times Square and the rooms were nice. The beds were very comfortable. They hotel also carried the LATHER products, which smell great. I was a little disappointed as this hotel is advertised to be a 4 star. It is not. This is your typical 3 star hotel with nice amenities and nicer rooms. This is a smaller hotel and the staff was not as attentive as you would expect for a hotel of this size. The location was nice but when you are in NY, you really don鈥檛 spend that much time in Times Square. Overall, the hotel was nice, clean, and in a good location. I would recommend it for visitors.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Maura3
<Content>Great location. Very helpful staff. My Mum, sister and I stayed here at the beginning of March. I'm very fussy about were I stay and we weren't disappointed by the Renaissance. It's right in the middle of Times Square (just behind the big Coca-Cola sign) but don't let that put you off because it's so quiet.The concierge staff were extremely helpful and all of the staff courteous and friendly. The rooms were really clean and the bathrooms were big and airy. The only thing I would say is that the hotel is going to be refurbished starting March and ending sometime in August. The plans were on show in the foyer of the hotel and it's going to be quite modern - quite a difference from what it's like now. All the rooms will have flat screen tv's, new beds etc so I'm sure it's going to be nice.If you want to stay in a hotel that's right in the middle of things then this is it. The breakfast is great and the location is excellent. We will definitely be back.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>buggy99
<Content>Great Hotel This hotel was in a great location for all of the activities we had planned. The subway stop is close and we were within walking distance of our Broadway play and the Rockefeller Center. The concierge was great. Omar was there through the week and he gave us wonderful suggestions. The weekend staff was also great and gave us good information about weekend construction on the subway and which cars to get on to get to the south ferry exit. Checkin was fun with Eric waiting on us, he had a wonderful attitude and sense of humor. The room was bigger than we expected for New York and quieter than we expected. The beds were very comfortable and the hotel was very clean. All in all it was a great experience and we can't wait to go back.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>napawan
<Content>Decent stay Plus- Location is the best. Hotel is close to everything.- Room is surprisingly quiet given how busy the location is.- Complimentary buffet per my Marriott Platinum status was excellent with unbelievable view!Minus- Our room is very dated. Wear and tear are everywhere.- Bellboys and all guys downstair were helpless. I had about 5 bags checked in before my ride came and picked me up. No one downstair offered me any help (not even catching the door) and I had to make multiple trips coming in and out the door with all guys just looking at me. It was horrible.- We had to ride two elevators to get to our room. Just found that inconvenient.- Front desk promised to bring us a fridge... it never came.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	5	2	2	1	4	

<Author>flexjones
<Content>Comfortable bed was the star attraction The room was not a big as I would have expected but was fine. The bed was the star attraction, one of the most comfortable I have ever slept in. We had requested a high floor and therefore had no noise distractions for an excellent nights sleep.As the hotel has an ecellent location we were able to walk everywhere around mid-town manhattan. A good nights sleep was much appreciated.I was disapointed with the quality of the towels in the restroom. They were old and shabby and I expected better for this quality of hotel. Perhaps I was misled by a website review that stated the restrooms had Body Shop bath products. They were NOT body shop and not high quality by any means. The bar maid in the hotel bar was not very friendly. The concierge were excellent. Omar's recommendations made my holiday special. Check-in and check-out was fast and without any hassle.Overall I felt the hotel was quite nice with a good location but for the price paid, the little extras can make the difference and these were lacking. I will try some other hotel next time in New York.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rachel2006
<Content>Great location at Times Square We stayed at the Renaissance Times Square for 1 night in Feb.'07. Everything at the hotel is great from front desk to wait staff at their restaurant Foley's. Location--absolutely the best ! The hotel is right at Times Square. Tons of restaurants are within walking distance, as well as the theatres for shows. We took a taxi to get to Little Italy/Chinatown in downtown, total taxi fare is $12 incl. tips. Also we walked 10 blocks up to FAO Swartz toy store and got some really good toys there that weren't found in other places. On the way back to the Renaissance from FAO Swartz, we stopped at the huge Catholic church (sorry forgot the name already). The hotel is only 2 blocks to the Rock. center and NBC studios. We walked there a couple times and had a good time there.Food--we went to Foley's for breakfast. The whole restaurant has got a full view of the Times Square so it doesn't matter where your table is. Breakfast is buffet style, our server Samuel is great. Coffee is delicious there as well as the fresh orange juice. Food is good in quality, we loved the smoked salmon, hash brown with sun-dried tomatoes, lean bacon, sausage, as well as plenty of fresh fruits such as strawberries, watermelon......very yummy and healthy start of a day. Price is around $23/pp, half price for kids.The hotel itself is great in general. Small lobby but who wants to sit in the lobby when you're at Times Square?! Our room is very clean, quiet, with marble bathroom. We got a nice sized room with 2 double beds, a sofa chair, an executive desk, tv.....very nice size based on our previous stays at other hotels in NYC. I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>5	3	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>SHM99
<Content>Loved this hotel The hotel is in a great location - within walking distance to Broadway shows, Subway exits and Grayline tour. The rooms were very nice and surprisingly, no sound from Times Square could be heard inside. I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>EnglishPerson
<Content>Perfect in Every Way We stayed 4 nights with our daughters, aged 14-23, and had a fantastic stay. All 3 rooms were in perfect condition, scrupulously clean, well appointed on both sides of the building. The staff were superb - efficient and very pleasant indeed, nothing was too much trouble. Try Lindy's Diner for a real taste of what the average English person expects an American diner to be! Also, try Alice's Tea Cup on the edge of Central Park for a more English tea than England can manage - the choice of teas alone is endless!We were unfortunate enough to be in NY when the storms began and the Concierge and Guest Services staff were fantastic in finding out about the current position on flights etc. Beware Delta Air Lines - in a crisis, they're absolutely diabolical. We all spent the night on the floor at the airport after many promises that could never have been fulfilled, and continual episodes of their being economical with the truth! Thank you Renaissance - you made it all worthwhile!!! Would love to return some day.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>shakergrandma
<Content>Nice hotel Although the location of this hotel leaves a little to be desired, it turned out to be fine. The set up is strange, you go into a small lobby, and then are instructed to take an elevator up one floor to the 鈥渞eal鈥?lobby. It is small, not very charming, and the concierge desk was not often manned. If you are staying in the Times Square area, be warned, it鈥檚 very noisy. I would recommend that you stay closer to Rockefeller Center. It鈥檚 much quieter. That being said, our room itself wasn鈥檛 bad. The bed was wonderful, the bathroom was good sized and there was a coffee maker, and mini bar in the room. My only complaint about the room was that it didn鈥檛 feel real clean, it felt dusty and a little worn, but after our bad experience at the Grand Hyatt鈥攊t seemed pretty good. Don鈥檛 expect any extras though, unless you ask, they weren鈥檛 real big on customer service. I think it鈥檚 a NYC thing.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	2	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>Larayna
<Content>Best location and great service! I was a little nervous about staying in Times Square and how clean the hotel would really be. I needn't have worried, everything was spotless. The service was excellent, the staff was extremely helpful.The location is only a few blocks from Rockefeller Center and right in Times Square and if you like to people watch, head to the bar beside the restaurant and you can watch all the people on the street and enjoy an uninterrupted view of Times Square. I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>annethered
<Content>Fabulous Time!       View from our bedroom window  
<Date>Feb 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Marykatesmom
<Content>Lovley night in the City excellent location Other than the difficulty discerning where to valet park, we had a great night on the town here. The lobby can be a bit disjointed and we were dissappointed that the bar did not open until later in the evening but our room and service was excellent.The bathrooms were large, very clean, plenty of marble and the toiletries were plentiful and fragrant.The best part of this hotel is the excellent location right in Times Square. Very fun and busy. We had room service for breakfast. I had Eggs Benedict and my husband had pancakes and then we split their signature dish, the lemon soufle pancake. Except for the over tart lemon pancakes everything else was excellent.Watch your valet ticket, we were charged an extra night because we were an hour over the 24 hour limit.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>stratthewaterrat
<Content>Location Location We spent my wife's 40th B-Day at this hotel and was very satisfied!! Hotel room was very clean and quiet. The coolest part was the table we sat at for dinner (Foley's Fish house) was were they sit on New Years to drop the ball. So you could only imagine the view. The food was good but nothing special. The view and service made up for it. I would suggest flying into LGA and not Newark (NJ) because it will cost you an arm and leg for Taxi fare back to the airport. Only $35 plus tolls from LGA.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>T4NK
<Content>Fantastic... Absolutely Fantastic We have just returned from a 5 day break in New York and we stopped at the Renaissance New York Hotel Times Square. The hotel is magnificent and situated in the best possible area. The service from the staff was incredible. Omar and Greg are a credit to the Hotel. If you鈥檙e new to New York like we were Omar in the Concierge area provided great help in supplying information on how to get about, what to see, where to go, booking tables in Restaurants etc etc etc. Greg on the front desk provided help to any issues you experienced. (Our only issue was finding the best take-a-way Pizza... Greg sorted it). This hotel is best placed for all your requirements. If you are considering this hotel you'll regret not booking it due to its location. The Room is tidy with a huge bed. We have stopped at some great hotels in the past but this bed by far was the most comfortable. After long periods of walking, shopping and dining taking a shower or a bath and relaxing in that bed was ideal. A great start to the next day. We didn鈥檛 eat in the hotel restaurant which was unfortunate on our part as the view of Times Square is breathtaking. I here refurbishments are taking place in March 2007 to allow customers to see the view on arrival into the hotel. Overall, this hotel is a must. We will be stopping again.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LiquormanTuckahoe
<Content>Best place for all of the action!!!!!!!! Just stayed at the RENAISSANCE TIMES SQUARE this past Saturday night, excellent all around:LOCATION: you can't ask for better, steps away from all the theratres, restaurants and Times square.STAFF: excellent from the valet, doorman, front desk, in particular Greg at the front desk who arrainged for champagne and chocolate covered strawberries at no cost to us b/c it was our anniversary.ROOM: stayed on the 11th floor was a little concerned about street noise, not a sound all night. Requested a king bed, and got a king bed. Room was nicely decorated, bed was the most comfortable hotel bed I have ever slept in.Overall I had a difficult time finding fualt with this hotel and are amazed at the bad reviews that I have seen posted before. We haved stayed at some of the best hotels and these guys are doing something right.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>skinnypuppy420
<Content>A Wonderful Experience! We just returned from a week long stay at the Renaissance Times Square and enjoyed every minute. The room was spacious and very clean, as was the bathroom. My wife loved the deep tub and enjoyed a relaxing bath every night. Room service was delicious and affordable (try the breaded chicken and shrimp for a scrumtious late night snack). The service was impeccable. The view of Times Square from the bar  resturaunt is all that it's hyped up to be. If you're looking to be right in the middle of Times Square, your wish will be granted. One step out the door of the hotel and your knee deep in the midst of it all. If we decide to stay in Times Square again we will not hesitate to stay at the Renaissance again. Enjoy!  
<Date>Feb 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>azlondon
<Content>Great Location - Great Shopping My girlfriend and I stayed in this hotel for four nights 18-22 January 2007. We spent hours choosing the hotel, and as usual read the reviews here on TripAdvisor before we decided. I sent an email in advance and asked for a nice room since it was my girlfriend's birthday, but thought no more of it. When we arrived (six hours delayed because of UK bad weather), Greg checked us in, wished my girlfriend happy birthday, and upgraded us to a 23rd floor Superior Room (2308). Good start!The room itself was fantastic. Hotel rooms in New York are usually pretty small, but this room was big (this might be because it was a superior room, of course). It had a very comfortable king-size bed with six pillows, writing desk and chair, glass table and another chair, cable TV, mini-safe and fridge with minibar. The room also had a hair drier, iron and ironing board, which all came in handy. The bathroom was big as well with a bath-and-shower combo. After visiting some friends in the Quality Inn 100 meters away, we realised how lucky we were with our room.We were worried about street noise, but it was not a problem this high up in the building. There are no windows in the hotel facing Times Square itself (except from the restaurant), they are either facing 7th Avenue or Broadway. The view is nice, and you can still see Times Square from the window. The windows can be opened for ventilation, but cannot be open fully. Unlike some other reviews, our room was spotless and clean at all times.Note that the fridge in the room automatically charges you if you remove any items, or so it said. We accidentally removed the Voss water bottle, then read the instructions. Whoops. We put the bottle back, and wasn't actually charged for it in the end.There is room service, but it was pretty expensive (for us) so we actually never ate in the hotel. There are loads of delis and restaurants nearby, so there is plenty of choice when it comes to food.We only really dealt with Greg at the front desk, and he was always smiling and really helpful. Really nice guy! After midnight you have to show your room key to gain access to the building, and this policy made us feel safe when entering the hotel late at night.The location at 7 Avenue @ 47th street is amazing - actually ON Times Square. It is very near all the theatres, and you can easily walk down to Macy's, Madison Square Garden and Empire State Building (around 34st street); and up to Rockefeller Centre (50th) and onwards to Bloomindale's, Tiffany's etc (around 58th). If you have lots of your girlfriend's shopping to carry, yellow taxis are cheap and reliable :-).All in all a very nice stay in New York, in a very pleasant hotel in a great location.One small tip: If you have been to Empire State Building before, consider going to the top of Rockefeller Centre. The observation decks at around the 70th floor give you a great view of Downtown and Empire State Building, but also of Central Park and Upper East/West Side. If you do go, don't forget to find and play around in the sound-and-light room :-).  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>luvtolaf62
<Content>Great Location.. clean... very satisfied My fiance and I stayed one night at the Renaissance and were very satisfied with the hotel. It's location is perfect for visiting Times Square and the Theatre District and our room was very clean. The bar across from the lobby had a nice jazz trio playing and had a decent view of the action. There was that smell that other reviewers have mentioned; it's not a bad smell, just very potent. My only complaint would be the noise from the street at night. From reading the reviews here, I knew to request a room on a high floor which is supposed to be quieter. However, that room wasn't ready when we arrived (we arrived before check-in time), so we took a Queen room on the 7th floor instead. That may have been a mistake. The sirens and horns definitely bothered me during the night. I think if we had stayed on a higher floor, that might not have happened. Overall though, we had a great stay at the Renaissance and would stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Auntbunny
<Content>A central location for a perfect NYC experience! My husband, 2 adult sons, and I just returned from 2 nights at this perfectly located NYC gem. We were in the heart of Times Square, but resting in a quiet 21st floor respite. The rooms are large  the bathrooms well appointed. The staff is friendly and attentive and the hotel is only steps from Broadway shows and fine dining options.We are from New Jersey, so we are not strangers to NYC and come into the city frequently for business  pleasure. It's a treat to stay overnight  the Renaissance did not disappoint. We did not eat in the hotel and highly recommend Lattanzi's and Azalea's (Theater district) and Crispo's (14th Street). For breakfast go up to Cafe Europa (57th St.). The Renaissance is close if you want to check out Good Morning America or The Today Show. They are fun to see and I can tell you the staff  Hosts of GMA make you feel welcome and pose for photos!Don't miss NYC and The Renaissance for a great getaway weekend.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kingsandi
<Content>I Will Gladly Stay There Again. I stayed there Jan. 2007 for a two night stay. The hotel is located in the heart of Times Square with easy access to everything. The check-in was perfect. They were extremely quick and polite. My room was well decorated and furnished. The bed was perfect with quality linens. My only complaint was the dirty floors and carpeting, which they corrected immediately. In summary, marbled bathroom with great plumbing, great bed, perfect location, and impeccable service. I will definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	3	5	5	5	

<Author>vanillabeanHB
<Content>Shaky start, but good overall I stayed here with my 3 teenage kids for the last few days of Dec. Room was paid for up front and very expensive (More than $600/night) We were promised early check-in since we had a very early flight that arrived before 8 am. Room was not ready when we arrived, but promised by noon. We were dissapointed that it was not ready at noon, told to come back at 2 pm, when we did, the room was still not available. The person at the front desk told us I could get hot chocolate for my kids at the resturant bar, but the bartender could not be bothered with us! (He actually told us it would be too much trouble) We were so tired and the lobby is tiny, but we sat there for another hour and a half before we were given access to our room. The room was nice enough, but not spacious. There were hairs in the tub and hairclips left on the bar area - not a big deal, but for $600 a night, the room should be spotless! After I complained, they did send housekeeping up to clean the tub and later they sent up a bottle of wine.On the positive side, the location of this hotel is incredible - right in the middle of everything. We saw several plays and went to Rockefeller Center, etc., and everything was just a short walk. On New Year's Eve, the staff took extra precautions to make sure only registered guests were entering the hotel and they also secured a small area right outside the hotel doors where you could comfortably watch the action. Our room was on a higher floor, so street noise was not much of a problem and the view was great. The bathroom was spacious and attractive. Linens on the bed were wonderful. The on site resturant has a great view of times square, but is pricey. Housekeeping did a great job keeping the room tidy and well stocked with soap and towels. The conceige was kind and helpful, but the best part of this hotel was Amos the doorman, who cheered us up every time we ran into him.I would probably prefer to stay at the Marquis which has much bigger rooms, and a full service lobby, but would definately stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>Benjo
<Content>Excellent Well, all i can say is unreal! This little beaut is all you could wish for in a hotel. Bang in the centre of everything. The most comfortable beds on earth, deepest bath tubs,apples and news papers on front desk,what more can one ask for? Not really much more i can say as its just spot on, but i would like to make a special comment on the Concierge desk.... WOW! Omah and the girls helped me no-end! Everything i wanted/needed it was done there and then! they dont come better than Omah and his team! HIGHLY RECOMEND this hotel. A++++++  
<Date>Dec 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Brummy-UK
<Content>Great for Families We have recently returned form a 5 night stay in NYC.As we were bringing our 7 year old daughter we wanted a hotel with a central location. The Renaissance New York Hotel Times Square was perfect.The staff were fantastic especially Omar!!!!Our room was on the 19th floor and was a good size as was the bathroom. The safe was also big enough to fit my laptop in which was added security.With the subway 30 seconds from the door it was again perfectly located.We particularly enjoyed Foleys Restaurant with the best view of Times Square.Overall if you are travelling with children of any age this hotel would be a great choice. And even if you are not with kids in tow it is still a wonderful hotel.Although, as is mentioned in other review there was a strange smell in the lobby, however it's not a horrible smell just a smell of something cooking..................just don鈥檛 know what!!!!! Lol  
<Date>Nov 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bluebell98
<Content>Perfect We stayed at this property for one night in October and had a great time. The hotel could not be located more centrally to the action and was perfect for either the tourist or business traveler. The rooms are nice -- slightly larger than other rooms we have stayed in in NYC -- and are very well appointed. The guest rooms are on higher floors and are very well insulated -- we hardly heard any noise from the street. Staff was also very friendly, something that you don't always find in NYC.We stayed at the Marriott East Side before and would definitely choose this property over that one -- quality and location are much better. The Residence Inn Times Square is comparable to this property (except that the rooms are much larger at the Residence Inn). The rates are also generally much higher at the Residence Inn, though. We would definitely stay at this property again.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ShaunaLynne77
<Content>Definitely would return It was my first trip to NY and I wanted to stay somewhere in the middle of the action. This hotel is perfect for that. Everything is just a short jaunt away. The room was very clean and the hotel staff made above-average effort to accomodate a rollaway cot and gave about 15 towels (3 women the room), which were very very appreciated. The hotel was very secure. The little drawbacks were that the internet is available only Monday-Friday during business hours (if you needed to do business which I did but didn't want to drag my laptop)...and the hotel restuaurant for breakfast was less than fabulous. However Foley's (the major restaurant) was very very nice for supper and excellent seafood.I would definitely stay again for sure.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Keiichi73
<Content>A few rough edges, but overall excellent Having stayed at the Doubletree Guest Suites during my past three visits to New York, I was ready for a new hotel for my most recent vacation. The Renaissance, which is only a couple buildings away from the Doubletree, had caught my eye during my last visit, and so I decided to give it a shot. To put it briefly, it was a very smart choice. Although it has a couple problems, they were not enough to sour my experience. The Renaissance is my favorite hotel I've stayed at in NY so far.The service and the people working at the hotel are always the first thing any guest notices. In this department, the hotel excels, with some very friendly and competent staff that not only know how to smile and say hello to you (unlike some other hotels I've stayed at), but they are willing to help any way they can, and do so very quickly. They were willing to supply just about anything you needed, and when one of the sink faucet handles in my bathroom felt like it was coming loose as if it would fall off, they immediately sent someone up to fix it, and the problem was solved by the time I came back to my room early in the afternoon. The concierge was also a highlight. Extremely friendly, always willing to help, and he genuinely seemed interested in what you wanted to know, and gave you a very informed opinion and answer. The staff is great all around, and a great start to the hotel's many plusses. The free apples they offer at the front desk everyday are also great for a snack to hold you over until dinner, or if you just want a quick breakfast.The staff had pretty much already made a great impression, but the room really won me over. You enter the room, and there's a small marble hallway with a beautiful and large marble bathroom off to one side, and an equally large double closet on the other that's so large I was able to hold all of my luggage as well as my clothes, and still have tons of room left over. The room itself is very spacious for NY standards, and comes with a lovely bed that caused me to sleep a little later than I planned to on more than one occasion. (And I'm notorious for being an early riser!) The marble bathroom was also a winner with a deep tub perfect for soaking, and a shower head that had great water pressure. The only downside I can think of with the room was that the TV could have been better, and the reception on the channels was sometimes a bit iffy, as the picture would jump up and down for a couple seconds from time to time. But, it didn't happen very often, and when you're in New York, you're not going to spend a lot of time sitting in your room and watching TV.The Renaissance really pleases in just about every way. The dark wood and marble tone of the entire building is warm and inviting, as well as giving it a special feel and tone that you can't find at the numerous cookie cutter hotels in the Time Square area that are large and have gorgeous lobbies, but feature nothing you can't get in a local hotel in terms of rooms. You get all this, plus the great centralized location. I saw 7 shows while I was in NY (The Drowsy Chaperone, Forbidden Broadway, Jersey Boys, The Wedding Singer, Tarzan, The 25th Annual Putnam County Spelling Bee, and Martin Short: Fame Becomes Me), and all of them were a 5-10 minute walk away from the hotel. I guess the only negative I can think of, besides the previous minor problem with the TV, is that you definitely pay ofr the quality. It's a bit overpriced, especially the in-house restaurant which offers a great view, but the food isn't quite great enough to charge the rates that they're asking. But, at least you feel like you're getting your money's worth for the most part.As if this review hasn't made the point clear already, the Renaissance is well worth a visit. I'm actually surprised it's not higher in the ranking. Hopefully this review will convince more people to give it a try. I may be staying at a different hotel during my next visit, but if that idea falls through, the Renaissance will definitely be my first choice. All I know is I'll definitely be coming back.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jurgysgirl
<Content>2nd trip - still FANTASTIC Stayed at the Renaissance in Jan 2006 and had a wonderful time so it was our 1st choice of hotel when we decided to revisit NYC in Sept 2006. Rooms are well appointed with a huge deep bath for a long soak after a hard days walking around the City. The beds are so comfortable it is hard to get up in the mornings. (Thick DURHAM mattresses). The pillows are soft and fluffy. The rooms are cleaned every day with fresh towels left. Rooms have direct dial telephone, internet connections, mini bar, television and a safe for your valuables. Hotel lobby has bell boys who open doors for you and greet you with a smile on entering the hotel. Guests take a lift up one floor from the lobby to the reception area on the 1st floor. This adds to the feeling of security for guests. The hotel itself is in a fantastic spot - right in the heart of Times Square. ( 7th avenue and 47th street). Handy position for visiting all major tourist sites and very handy for the TKTS kiosk for your theatre tickets. Hotel concierge OMAR deserves a special mention, nothing is too much trouble for him. Recommended places to eat - Try SPARKS restaurant for a fantastic fillet mignon. For breakfast - you must go to ELLENS STARDUST DINER on 51st street. Wannabee Broadway stars singing to you while you tuck in. Fantastic experience. Kids may enjoy the MARS 2112 experience - opposite the Winter Gardens theatre - dinner served by aliens. For a real treat, take a river cruise on the WORLD YACHT. $90 dollars each but worth every cent. Great food, music and dancing. The music and view at the Statue of Liberty will bring tears to your eyes.Places to visit - Empire State Building, Top of the Rock, Bronx Zoo, Central Park, FAO Schwartz toy shop, Trump Tower, Grand Central station, Ground Zero, Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island, NYPD museum and 5th Avenue shops.I will definitely be staying at this wonderful hotel again.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jnew55
<Content>Perfect for first trip to NYC Just back from my and my 81-yr. old mother's first trip to NYC. The Renaissance suited us quite well. My priorities in choosing a hotel included: central location for simplicity in seeing as much of NYC as possible, adequate-sized room, nice view, and above-average hotel to make my mother's trip special. The Renaissance got high marks in every area.Since it was our first trip, we actually enjoyed being in Times Square--the constant excitement was fun for us. The amazingly convenient access to subways, Grayline HOHO buses, shopping and theatres was fabulous.Our room on the 19th floor facing 7th Street was very large (apparently for NYC standards), VERY quiet, sparkling clean, and had lusciously comfortable bedding. I had gotten a rate of $279 /night through a special offer on the hotel's website, which I felt was a great value.We had a couple of delicious breakfast buffets at Foley's Fishhouse in the hotel. Yes, we could have eaten cheaper elsewhere, but the awesome views of TImes Square were a great way to start our days. Our waiters were very attentive and friendly.The front desk staff and concierge were very accomodating (if not effusively friendly); we had no complaints there. There IS a different aroma in the lobby (probably cooking fish from the restaurant??), but we only smelled it in the lobby and it didn't particularly bother us.We LOVED NYC and the Renaissance!  
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>VaTravel
<Content>Great hotel, great location, bit overpriced Stayed at the hotel for two nights. I find that the price of 400 per night was a bit steep, however, given the location, I suppose it was not too bad. I must say, the staff was one of the friendliest in NYC 鈥?always smiling, pleasant, courteous, never condescending or patronizing. Although hotel is a definitely 4 star, it has 5 star beds: clean, crisp and very, very comfortable. You will definitely have a good night of rest after long walking hours in the city. Hotel鈥檚 restaurant has the view, but not worth eating at more then once. The food was ok and kind of pricey. We ate at Maxie across the street from the Lobby of the hotel -- decent prices, but beware, the name says it all, portions are enormous and starter salad can be easily shared by 3-4 people. Same goes for pretty much every other dish that we have tried there. Go to Pax for light breakfast and lunch and ask Renaissance concierge for the dinner suggestions 鈥?the ones we tried were pretty good!  
<Date>Oct 2, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>yankeefan49
<Content>Nice Hotel Good Location I booked this hotel when my first choice the Marriott Marquis was unavailabe. Hotel is centrally located and nice and quiet. Rooms are a good size, bathroom has a nice deep tub forlong soaks after a day in NYC. I had a room with a king size bed and it was lovely.  I didn't like having to take 2 elevators to get to my room, but,  I will say I never had to wait more than 2 minutes for an elevator. Warning: unlike every other Marriott property I have stayed in, (at least a dozen) that puts a $50.00 per day hold for incidentals this one puts $100.00 and doesn't bother to inform you. I noticed it and went to speak to the front desk and got nothing but attitude from the woman there. Not a very pleasant way to start a stay. All in all, though the hotel is nice and except for the rude woman at the desk everyone else I came in to contact with was great. I might stay again, but, it will not be my first choice.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>SARA43
<Content>Great location We stayed at this hotel from 1st-4th August. The location is very central with easy access to the subway and tour buses. The Rockerfeller Centre is a very short work and it's well worth the trip up 'Top of the Rock'. We found the hotel to be clean and comfortable, although my two teenage sons weren't too impressed at having to share a king bad when I had specifically request two beds upon booking. I'm sure if we'd made a fuss they might have changed the rooms but we were tired after the flight etc. so didn't bother. This was our first visit to New York so had taken pot luck with the hotel and all in all we were very satisfied with the accomodation. The rooms were a decent size and we enjoyed watching the world go by from the 7th floor.My only criticisms really are that the staff, whilst efficient, were not in the least bit friendly and on reception couldn't manage a single smile. Breakfast was expensive but very good and the restaurant (although we didn't have an evening meal there) has an amazing view over Times Square.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>Historiana
<Content>Great location, odd hotel The location is great as long as you want to be in the hustle and bustle of Times Square. The hotel has an unusual entrance in that you have to take an elevator from the street level to the lobby and then another elevator to your floor. The lobby is not at all glamorous and had a strange odor during our entire stay. Although we thought we had a reservation for two rooms, each with double beds, we were informed when we arrived that the fine print had indicated that this was not guaranteed. I had actually called the week before and was told that double beds would not be a problem. They wound up coming up with one smoking room with double beds and another non-smoking room with a king and a rollaway. The rooms themself are nothing special but do have unique views of the Times Square area. We have stayed at other hotels in NYC and found them to be more user friendly and enjoyable.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	5	2	2	3	2	

<Author>HotelDr
<Content>Great Location, BUT....... A word of warning about this hotel. Although this hotel is located in a very centric location the hotel does misrepresent itself. The problem started when I booked a room with 2 queen size beds. Upon my arrival the reservations clerk informed me that I would only be receiving a room with one king size bed and a rollaway. This was not the room I booked. Then when we went up to see the room, it was the size of my closet for 3 people. The rollaway was supposed to go in front of the door. When I informed the hotel staff that this was a fire hazard that is when they proceed to give me a slightly larger room and of course I had to argue with them to get it. On top of all this the first room had a large insect flying around in it, the chair in the room was stained and the room had been double booked. Before I was able to move our things out there was already someone else trying to occupy the room. With all the other hotels in New York City I was not impressed. Stay at your risk.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2006
<Rating>2	3	1	4	2	1	2	-1	

<Author>JanBerlin
<Content>Wonderful experience       Hotel Exterior  
<Date>Jul 12, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Kansastravelers4
<Content>Fantastic Location! We stayed at the Renaissance for nine days at a rate of $315 per night. We had a room on the 16th floor with two double beds for two adults and two teenage children. The room was very spacious for a New York City hotel and the beds were super comfortable. The bathroom and shower were very adequate but nothing special. Even though we were not on the best side to view Times Square, we still had a great view. This was a very typical Marriott hotel--above average and clean, but not excellent or luxurious. The Renaissance is probably the best located hotel in Times Square, and thus, a great central location for getting around New York City. You are in easy walking distance of the Broadway shows, Central Park, Empire State Building, Rockefeller Center, and 5th avenue shopping. We had great service from the hotel staff, especially Omar, the consierge. Foley's is a nice seafood restaurant with a breath taking view of Times Square and worthy of a try. The lobby bar has expensive drinks and mediocre service, but also a breath taking view of Times Square. The Renaissance is a very practical hotel option with a superb location and we are VERY GLAD we choose the hotel. When I return to New York City without the kids, I will likley opt for something a little more special and away from the hustle and bustle of Times Square.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location -- funky smell The hotel was in a great location and the amenties were nice..... but the only complaint was the crazy smell in the lobby area. I couldn't figure out want it was. Was it some fish dish from Foleys Fish-- or some kind of bizarre curry blend room deoderizer? I almost gagged everything I had to walk thru the lobby. Other than the smell it was nice. The linens were fantastic. The decor was very warm and masculine. Had a boutique feel compared to the Marriott Marquis. Recommend it.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>fancyn
<Content>Nice hotel The Renaissance was nice. Comfy bed, nice bathroom - nice towels, decent size room, good closet space. Room service - coffee only - took only 10 minutes. Per previous reviews, did not eat at Foley's, but did enjoy drinks in the bar overlooking Time's Square. Entire staff was very attentive. Unlike others, we did not like the location. Time's Square was always wall to wall people. In the past, we have stayed in the upper east side and enjoyed that experience more.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Macy's Parade Perfect Spot This was our 4th Thanksgiving visit with extended family. We try to do it every two or three years. This year we were about 15 altogether. We make reservations in January for the Parade View rooms and plan on a weekend celebration, beginning on Weds. night. It cannot be beat for the view and the location for the parade. The children are able to see the balloons eye-to-eye! They love it! It has become our favorite family holiday. We have family from all over join us. Even on a crazy weekend like this, the staff is always ready to help. They could not be nicer. The location is perfect for those out-of-towners who are unfamiliar with the city...it is right in the middle of everything. You always feel safe and secure. Although the city is famous for being expensive, there are restaurants nearby that are extremely reasonable for quick meals. On one visit we had lunch with Geraldo Rivera in a nearby coffe shop...usually our favorite breakfast place. If you plan on a Thanksgiving visit planning a year in advance is a must!  
<Date>Jul 2, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Joanna_1981
<Content>What a location!!!! I stayed at the Renaissance in May with my husband, parents and my brother and his fiancee. We all had an absolutely wonderful time there. The staff were able to group our rooms together and were incredibly helpful throughout the stay.The midtown location of the hotel was fantastic for sight-seeing, and although we have been to New York before, the hotel was a perfect base for exploring the city. With the hotel being effectively ON Times Square we expected to hear some hussle and bussle noise, but we didn't have a problem with that. The only thing we heard was a fire truck now and then- but you can't grumble about that!The rooms were very comfortable and the beds were HUGE. The bathrooms were very good as well, ours was slightly bigger than my parents but both were very good.We made use of the bar facilties on more than one occasion and we were pleased to see they served Rolling Rock! We never had breakfast at the hotel, but there were plenty or places nearby to grab a bagel or muffin on the way out in the morning.We will definitely use the Renaissance again the next time we go!!!  
<Date>Jun 29, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous friendly hotel We have just returned from a 4 night stay at the Renaissance, and cannot speak highly enough of the place. It is in a fantastic location, in the centre of Times Square, yet despite the hustle and bustle outside, stepping into the hotel was like entering a haven of tranquillity! The public areas are beautifully designed and the place even smells great. The bedrooms are fairly spacious, tastefully decorated and the beds are comfortable. As for the staff - what can we say? Everyone including the maid was friendly and polite (don't believe the rumours about New Yorkers being rude!) and if you need advice or tips on places to visit (or avoid) you should speak to the conceirge, Omar, who has to be the nicest guy in the city. He was more than happy to help and was a fountain of knowledge on everything from the Underground system to bargain hunting. Omar even checked us into the airport online prior to our flight home. We never ate at the hotel, but discovered a great restaurant, Pigalle, on the corner of 8th and W48th Street where they served lovely breakfasts. We went to see The Lion King on Broadway (amazing) and recommend Carmines restaurant, which is really close to the theatres and serves huge family size portions, meant for sharing. You'll need to make a reservation if you want to eat pre theatre, otherwise you'll have to wait for an hour, but the place has a great atmosphere and lovely food.We visited with our 11 year old daughter, and found plenty of things to interest her in the City, but plan to back on our own and will definitely stay at the Renaissance again.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mlcw
<Content>Great Location .. Wonderful Stay My husband and I stayed at the Renaissance Times Square for 5 nights and enjoyed every minute .. from check-in to check-out. The room was very nice and well kempt with good appointments, the staff friendly and accommodating, and the view and location terrific. Our special requests were handled efficiently and courteously. The bar inside the hotel is warm and inviting and the service very good. Drinks are a bit pricey, but it is New York. The only negative we experienced was in attempting to book a dinner reservation at Foley's, the onsite restaurant. We had heard that it was very good and wanted to go there for my husband's birthday. However, they do not guarantee a window view table, so we opted to go to McCormick  Schmick's which is down by Rockefeller Center (within walking distance), which turned out to be a very good choice. I would hope that, at some point in the future, Foley's decides to afford some preference to its hotel guests.Breakfast at the hotel is very expensive, so you may want to do as we did and eat offsite. We found a little French restaurant called Pigalle nearby that met our needs at a reasonable price.All in all, a thoroughly enjoyable visit. The hotel is within walking distance to many New York tourist sites. And, the subway is right there so you can get anywhere you need to easily and quickly.We would definitely say at the Renaissance again.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>amrsc77
<Content>Renaissance Marriott Times Square-Loved It!       hotel room  
<Date>Jun 12, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>phiflyers
<Content>Good Hotel, Perfect Location       Outside of Hotel  
<Date>Jun 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>annecarroll
<Content>Great hotel! We stayed at the Renaissance May 11-14, 2006 with 30 others on a theater tour. This is a great location for walking to the theaters, Rockefeller Center and shopping. The rooms were great and quiet. We had dinner and breakfast at Foley's in the hotel. It was expensive and I've eaten better meals in Memphis, TN. I had fish and my friend had veal. I would find another place to eat. I would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>May 31, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Hote, even better location I stayed at the Rennaissance for a week in March. I had never visited NYC before and was more than a little over whelmed when I first arrived. You cannot check into rooms until 4 o'clock which is a bt of a pain when you arrived at 10 in the morning but hey, there is lots to see while you wait for your room! What struck me when I arrived was the location, you could not get a more central hotel than the Rennaissance, it was right on Times Square and within walking distance of the Empire State, Rockefellor Centre, Fifth Avenue and plenty of good restaurants. The rooms are a really good size (I understand hotel rooms in NYC are often small), huge bed and plenty of room for all of your shopping!The concierge is very helpful - they know some great restaurants and check with them before booking any shows or hitting the shops as they have vouchers which give you discounts. If you are going to a show, do not be put off by the queue at the ticket booth in Times Square, it moves really fast and if you queue on the day you want to see the show the tickets are 50% of the regular box office prices!!If you are a shopper then I would definately recommend the bus trip out to Woodbury shopping outlet, it is about $35 each and about 1 hour out of the city but the shops are fantastic. 200 desgner shops at amazing prices. People who have obviously been before take wheelie suitcases with them for their purchases!!On our return trip to the airport one of the guys in reception mentioned that they had a car that did airport runs (we had a taxi when we arrived), there was not a lot difference in price once you added taxes and bagage charges to the taxi fare and you get to travel to the hotel in a Lincoln with a chauffeur!!!!I would recommend the Rennaissance for a fantastic location, excellent rooms and fanastic service.  
<Date>May 15, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ellbet
<Content>Great Location Spent 3 nights here April 20 - 23. Could not ask for better location. We walked to 2 shows, a movie, shopping and restaurants. Convenient to Rockefeller Center, Fifth Ave. and theaters. Consierge was very helpful although overwhelmed at times. Beds comfy with down pillows. Was disappointed in restaurant- (Foleys). We had 1 dinner and 1 breakfast there. Both meals mediocre but very expensive. Lots of good restaurants within walking distaance so skip the hotel food but enjoy the convenience of the location  
<Date>Apr 30, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravelStar66
<Content>Perfect Location       View from room on 16th Floor  
<Date>Apr 5, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>modcon
<Content>Great Stay. Great Room From check-in to check-out this was a great hotel. The staff and service was excellent as was the room. Recommendations for local eateries from the staff were spot-on.If I had to make a complain, the only thing that detracted from our stay was the one morning there was only one elevator running. This was a minor inconvenience as it was fixed before we had to go back upstairs.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Speechless_UK
<Content>Wonderful Hotel/Location/Staff       Huge Bed  
<Date>Mar 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Hotel , cant wait to go back If you are thinking of taking a trip to New York you have to stay here its the BEST , THE LOCATION CANNOT BE BEATEN and the hotel is wonderful too !!!!This hotel takes your breath away when you pull up outside , it is literally in the middle of Times square . Upon arrival you are met by very friendly and welcoming staff on the door once inside the hotel you take the lift a few floors up to reception where once again you have super staff ( you will struggle to find nicer hotel staff than the ones in this hotel ).The rooms are big rooms to say you are in New York but really are of an average size ( we had 4 adults in our room and had alot of luggage I mean 8 SUITCASES ) but we had plenty of room .The beds are small but very very comfortable and the bathroom was beautiful and so so clean the bath was huge and had an amazing power shower .The location was the best ever we were so central where ever we wanted to go the guys on reception or downstairs on the door would direct us and we had no problems.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SammyG
<Content>Loved The Rennaisance We stayed at the Rennaisance 4th to 9th March 2006. The location is great and within walking distance of most 'must do's' in New York. The room was clean, great view of Times Square, bathroom spacious and the beds are the most comfortable I have ever slept on in a hotel!We ate in the restaurant, Foleys, twice for breakfast, the food was good, service great, very attentive and the view of time square outstanding, I would have thought it would be fabulous at night but we just never made it back for dinner. Ordered room service one night and it was fast and efficient, food good. Concierge helpful, bar staff a little glum. Check out was easy, would definately stay here again next time we go back to New York.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lucida509
<Content>Exceptional Staff...Great Hotel!       View from our window of the Hershey's store.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>joanas
<Content>Great hotel! Just returned recently from 7 nights at The Renaissance Times Square hotel...Have stayed in some lovely hotels in NY, but for someone that is going to a lot of theater, this is the place! Fabulous location, wonderful service (concierge was THE BEST), and rooms are spacious with enough storage space..Restaurant only tried for breakfast, but was absolutely lovely, overlooks Times Square...I highly recommend this hotel..Will absolutely stay again..  
<Date>Mar 16, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dlmarcou
<Content>Excellent Lodging in the Heart of Midtown The Renaissance New York Hotel Times Square exceeded our expectations. Our room was clean comfortable, and spacious (by Manhatten standards). Our 25th floor room was quiet, and the staff was friendly, accomodating, and helpful. The concierge spend a good 10 minutes helping us plan an evening in Greenwich Village. I would definately stay here again. The only minor downside, our room didn't have a view of Times Square proper, But the lobby floor restaurant (Foley's) and bars did.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Floristry
<Content>Everything perfect I really loved staying there for 2 nights.My flight was 18 hours, I smiled friendly and they gave me a room 8 am. my safe was not working so they replaced it very quick and efficient. The location is absolutely fabulous.I asked for a later check out and it was granted with a smile.The room is very clean, marble bathroom, coffee machine and thick duvet.This is my choice for the future.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ejpiii
<Content>This is a very, very good hotel. I'm not sure what the writer 4 or so reviews back was having a problem with, but it didn't seem like she was in the same town I was in, let alone the same hotel. From the start the service was first rate, check in staff excellent, the maid was wonderful-my wife has allergies, we ask for several changes in hotels, all were done promptly and with no fuss-the room was clean and at least twice the size of the Algonquins rooms. I missed Matilda the cat (an Algonquin major plus!) but this hotel was far nicer in most respects. Yes, it isn't 200 years old and rococo, but it IS a great hotel. And the restaraunt was open the hours posted and was fabulous, with some of the best fish in NYC, well, outside of Carmines at the Fulton Fish Market, anyway.Truly nice stay.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>flyingirl80
<Content>Not jaw-dropping exciting but nice hotel, fab location! The hotel in conveniently located right above the 49th station on the N R W subway lines).We had a normal room - which I got at a good rate (read not their normal website rates... I don't think it is worth the money at that rate). Anyway since we got there a bit early, we had horror scenarios of inward facing rooms with views of the air-con vents! Thankfully these fears were all unfounded and although we did not get a room looking out onto Times Square, we were facing Broadway and the Hershey's Building instead. The room was ok size wise and everything worked except that there wern't central controls for the lights ( = several trips out of bed to turn off the room lights). The bathroom was acceptable... the bath linen was nice. Only complaint which I can find (at a push) was that the air in the room seemed to be very dry and arid; am not sure if it was the effect of the heating (very effective) although we only had the heating on for short periods. The concierge (Omar and Davina) were SO helpful and I would highly recommend using them as a sounding board to enhance your trip to the Big Apple!Overall though, I am happy with the room for what I paid.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Shortz
<Content>Good location, great view of Times Square You can't beat the location since it's near the theaters (next to tkts) and major NY attractions. My room was clean and up-to-date. The restaurant has a very nice view of Times Square. The service is solid but the concierge and restaurant/bar wait staff were exceptional--very attentive, pleasant, and polite. I agree with previous reviewers re: towels and noise: towels did have a faint chemical smell and I could hear the neighbors' muffled voices. I've stayed at a few boutique hotels with rooms half this size, snobby/poor service, and no restaurant--and I'm tired of it. Overall, I would recommend this to business travelers and anyone else who wants a consistent experience at a full service hotel.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Mainers
<Content>Surprising Service Unlike some reviewers, we had a very positive experience with customer service. We had reserved a N/S king room, because a rm with 2 beds wasn't available when we made the reservation. We arrived at 11:30am, and asked if rm with 2 beds was available. They gave us the option of waiting til regular check in time if we wanted 2 beds, or checking in immediately if we stayed with the king. We opted to stay with the king, and check in immed, which was great. Check in was a breeze, and luggage was brought to the room promptly.  The HUGE surprise was the gentleman who delivered the rollaway bed, he chatted about area restaurants and patiently waited while we decided where to position the bed. When my husband handed him a tip, he politely REFUSED it, saying he just hoped we enjoyed our trip and came back!! We were totally surprised -- this is NYC, with the reputation of gruff, rude service -- and this fellow is politely turning down a tip! That certainly left an indelible impression, and was a great start to the trip. The room was clean and well appointed, king bed was comfortable, and our teenage daughter never complained about the rollaway bed. The marble bath was small, but clean and had two showerheads. Of course, location can't be beat, and bus system is terrific. Would highly suggest (as the concierge did ) a fun pass -- for $7 you can take buses and subway as many times as you need for the day. We're from Maine, but had no trouble negotiating the city buses, from upper east side to SoHo.  Only suggestion is to have at least two concierges on duty when hotel is busy. They only had one concierge during our stay and she was very busy, and always had one or more people waiting to speak with her.  Would definitely stay again, overall we had a very positive experience with both the room and the service.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Thelma_Beauvery
<Content>Wonderful hotel       Room  
<Date>Mar 1, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>CaptainAmerica
<Content>Inferior, No Character I am amazed at the positive reviews on this site. I just got back from 3 days and can state that this is the worst hotel experience I have ever had in NYC- this place is way, way inferior compared to other Manhattan Hotels.Well, lets start with check in. It was done with pure ghetto attitude, no smiles, all arrogant boredome on behalf of the staff. In fact, they seemed so busy yammering in noisy Spanish with each other I felt I was interrupting a quinceanera with my pushy requests for a hotel key. Rude, even by New York standards-expect better service at a ghetto Burger King.Their much vaulted bar/resturaunt, Foleys, with its supposed great view of the Times Square light show, looked like it would have been a nice place to hang out, IF IT WERE EVER OPEN. For some inexplicable reason, the whole place is CLOSED on Sundays and only open from 5pm - 12pm weekdays  Saturdays. Bars in NYC can stay open to 4AM for Pete's sake, what is the big problem? Unable to enjoy this supposed perk. For the city that never sleeps, Foleys management sees fit to only be open an measly 7 hours a day.Gee, what else. The towels were coarse and had a nasty chemical smell. I asked for a non-smoking room, got a room that reeked of smoke, complained and was told I had the last available non-smoking room (the hotel did not seem particularly full, this was probably a standard lie they use to dodge changing your room). To compensate, they sent up some poor slob an hour later with a spray bottle, Great.Oh, yeah, and upon my return home, I found they had overcharged my Check Card $485. Do I need to go on?NYC has many, many historical hotels close by with comparable prices, such as the Angonquin, the Lucerne, the Roosevelt and others with real class and soul. This place is an overpriced tourist trap with no, and I repeat, no character. The only reason I stayed here was because of the Marriott hotel points, but it will certainly be my LAST.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2006
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Gaspari
<Content>Great Location Stayed 2 nights around thanksgiving when hotel full. Excellent location, good bar and restaurant. Decor a little tired although room well equiped with comfortable bed. Some noise from adjoining room through connecting door. Reception rather cool and under pressure, but concierge very good - although also under pressure. Overall satisfactory stay. Some hotels we visited like the Hyatt and Sheraton looked much more tired - so perhaps standard are not so good generally in NY?  
<Date>Feb 18, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SRQmom
<Content>Outstanding Service I am from NY and hadn't been back in 15 years. Took my family for Xmas. The staff was extraordinary! Omar the Concierge, made arrangements for me well in advance of my trip. Even called me back in Florida to confirm plans. It was as if I had a personal assistant arranging things for me. Everyone was friendly and eager to please. With the volume of visitors I was amazed that everyone was cheerful and friendly.The room was a bit tired (not too bad), and the rollaway bed for my daughter was almost painful to sit on. However, the view, location, service and everyone's pleasant attitudes were wonderful. No chips on any shoulders here! It was not noisy at all. The room was clean and there were plenty of towels and it was the 14th floor. I would stay here again in a NY minute!  
<Date>Feb 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location. . . Great location, right in the heart of Times Square. This was my second visit to NY, and my husband's first. We stayed in the hotel on a Room Only basis, as there are so many great places to eat in NY. We ventured into the restaurant for breakfast on our second day, and the food and service was so good, we went back many times. Price was also very reasonable. The view out of the restaurant is fantastic - the famous pot noodle and bottle of bud is right in front of you!On arrival, and throughout our stay, the staff were really helpful and friendly. Our room was really comfortable - everything you need (inc proper hairdryer, iron and ironing board). The rooms are a little tired, but no one going to NY is going to spend all of their time in their room as there is so much on offer outside. The rooms are clean and well made up and despite what we read in some reviews before we went, we found the bed really comfortable! We would definately stay at this hotel again (and we are not easily pleased!) It must be without a doubt one of the best locations in NY.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>spur365
<Content>Excellent again This was my second visit to NYC and the Renaissance. I just love this hotel. I had a STD room on the 8th floor which looked over Broadway on Time Square. Yes you can hear the odd traffic noise like fire brigade sirens but your in NY. The hotel bar is great however watch out for the price's. The rooms are of good size with King bed, table and armchair and still plenty of room to walk around. You have big windows and its great to sit on the ledge and look down to TS below. Bathrooms are marble and have deep baths. All the staff i spoke to couldnt help you more. Cant wait to go back. 49th st on the subway is just outside the hotel entrance to is great for exploring. Have Fun!  
<Date>Jan 24, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>scorp-dragon
<Content>Expected More - But Can't Beat the Location!       Our room at the Renaissance Times Square  
<Date>Jan 23, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>beaubrummie
<Content>Nice Rooms - shame about the service Stayed at this hotel for 7 nights, arriving on Xmas day. We'd reserved a superior room on 25th floor and on the first night had to be moved due to noise from the lifts. Room was reasonably large and well furnished with nice marble bathroom and high pressure shower. Found the reception staff to be most unhelpful with a very superior couldn't care less attitude. Also had problems with housekeeping forgetting to leave us coffee / tea, even on one occasion after four requests! With these exceptions the hotel is in a great location and Foley's restaurant and the bar area are both very good. Would not return to this hotel but would go back to the Hilton Times Square which offers far superior service and similar standard guest rooms for a lot less money!  
<Date>Jan 5, 2006
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>HoneymoonTreat!! We arrived on Christmas Day and checked in and let the staff know it was our honeymoon. We were promptly upgraded to the 26th floor, given bath robes, recieved 4 free morning meals and free drinks in the bar that night!!!!! The room was very large for 2 people, the view was amazing(7th ave.) The food in the resturan was great, if you can manage to get a free buffet breakfast, do it. We had great staff working, the consi. was great, they made nice choices for dinners. The bellmen, room service and cleaning crew was spot on. The access to all of the local favorites was a nive addition. While staying we saw Tia Mowery so that showa that this hotel gets the stars(even if it was an old show). The pricing from Christmas day thru New Years eve was great considering the time frame. When we asked if we could extend through New Years Day we were put first on the waiting list and recieved a room at a lower price. The view of the ball, the things offered for room service that night were great. I reccomend this to all travelers. We will be back!  
<Date>Jan 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It's All True! It's all true! As fine a New York hotel as you'll find in such a prime location. We stayed for one week just before Christmas, which did unfortunately coincide with the transit strike however with a location such as this, it didn't really matter... everything was just yards away. Our room was located on the 25th floor and despite being on the doorstep of Times Sq we never heard a thing. The staff were excellent and the concierge was extremely helpful and the view from Foley's at breakfast has to be seen to be believed. All in all this hotel added to our Christmas vacation and without doubt i wouldn't hesitate in staying at the Renaissance on my next visit to New York.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>L1
<Content>Nice Hotel - Great location I went to the Renaissance Hotel with my husband for Christmas Holiday. The first thing I noticed was the great location. You have to do Times Square at least once. The location of this hotel was ideal to be able to see everything. The lights and the sounds were exhilarating. I picked this hotel as I have had luck with Renaissance Hotels in the past. It was a good choice.The room was large for New York standards. We had a room that looked over 7th street and all the billboards. It was great. The room had a King bed with a foyer area that had a fridge and coffee area. It also had a chair and desk. So it was big enough for 2 people. The bathroom had a huge tub and large sink area to place many things for both of us. Overall the room could use some freshening as it looked like it hadn't been updated in quite a while. The bed was very comfortable so that was great. We slept really well. The hotel personnel were friendly but not overly compared to other Renaissance hotels. Other hotels I have been to the staff were very friendly and wanted to help in any way. Here they barely said 2 words. One day we were taking a nap around 4:00 and housekeeping barged right in. Fortunately we had the lock on so they couldn't get in. Not sure what they were doing except maybe turn down service. It was very annoying. We did not go to any of the restaurants so I can't rate them. But you can't beat location and the size of the room. The price we got was very good as well. I would definitely stay here again but would like to see something maybe in a more quiet area.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>m16303
<Content>Great hotel and staff Location, location, location right in the middle of Time Square. Look out the restaurant window at the place where the ball drops on New Years. Look out the bar window and see the more of Time Square. You enter in the hotel on the first floor and take the elevator up to the lobby. You are about 3 to 4 floors off the street in the lobby. On this floor you will find the restaurant and bar, both with great views of Time Square. The staff could not have been friendlier or more helpful. We went out one day and forgot to take the do not disturb sign off our door. When we returned to the room that night around 8pm, there was a message on the phone. We call down to see what it was and it was the hotel checking to see if everything was OK. They asked if they could come up and make up our room seeing we forgot to take down the sign. We told them we were going back out by 8:30 and when we returned the room was completely made up.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>AZ2323
<Content>Great Location       view from room  
<Date>Nov 17, 2005
<Rating>4	2	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>shazzie5
<Content>Brits don't call home! Stayed here last week, its a lovely hotel, the room was gorgeous, huge bed. Bit dusty around the furniture but on the whole excellent. Bang in the middle of times square which is really handy.Problem though , I called home from the room phone, big mistake, HUGE mistake, got a bill for 78 dollars(46 pounds) for 13 mins on a saturday morning to the Uk. I was astounded and it really put a dampner on my day, I complained only to be told  Yes its very expensive. I just wanted to check my kids were ok , subsquently we didn't use the phone again or the bar or the mini bar or any other serices in this hotel for fear of being charged. Don't let this put you off, its still a great hotel, just trying to save you all the upset that I felt.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing We have just spent our first holiday in New York and stayed at the Renaissance, I can highly recommend it, we saw the other hotel that the travel agent recommended which was in an area with peep shows etc, not for us as a family ! New York is totally amazing and i would recommend the helicopter flight and the night bus tour.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chewpei
<Content>great hotel We stayed for a long weekend in Oct. and loved this hotel. The rooms are lovely, clean and quite roomy. The location is great for theater, restaurants and sightseeing tours. The staff was helpful and friendly. One night there was a lot of noise in the halls from a group of women who were going back and forth between rooms, slamming doors and talking loudly. One call to the desk and they sent someone up who asked them to be quiet. We never ate in their restaurant, but the views from it are wonderful. Elevators were quick and although the hotel was sold out for the weekend it never seemed crowded. We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ClanMcIntosh
<Content>A fantastic hotel for all the family! We stayed at the Renaissance for five nights with our two children, age seven and five. From the moment we arrived until we left, the staff were very friendly and always had some fun with our kids. We also had dinner at Foleys, again great staff. The meal was delicious, and worth the cost. The room was spacious and very clean. The bathroom was lovely and we were always well stocked with towels. We have absolutely no complaints and would definately stay here again. The subway is at the corner and a lot of major attractions are easily accessable. Two recommendations - go to Jamba Juice right beside the hotel for an amazing smoothie, and Pax wholefoods one block up on the same side of the hotel for amazing breakfasts.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Brilliant Hotel!! We stayed at the Renaissance for 3 nights as the first part of our honeymoon! It couldnt have been better!The location is No1. right on times sq!When we arrived bel hop took our bags away, and at check in they saw it was our honeymoon and congratulated us and gave us a free breakfast any day we chose!The rooms were beautiful, marble bathroom, the beds are HUGE! could fit 6 people in them! the view is spectacluar!We ate in FOleys restaurant which was lovely, the food is top notch and so is the view onto times sq.Everyone was v helpful, i wanted to call home and asked to use the phone, lady on the desk told me to go across the street to Smileys Shop and get a phone card for $10 which would go along way - which was nice of them!I cant praise this hotel enough, it made the start of our honeymoon v special (shame about the Florida Hotel - see Doubletree universal review!)reccomend to anyone after a special place to stay!  
<Date>Sep 29, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Chris072
<Content>Excellent Hotel Don't let the small informal lobby confuse you. The rooms are very spacious for New York City, and very well decorated with dark wood and a nice mini-bar. The bed was comfortable, and the location of the hotel cannot be beat if you want to be in the middle of Times Square.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TNtravelers02
<Content>Great stay! Perfect for shopping and shows! A group of 4 women stayed here and had plenty of room in a larger than average New York City hotel. The staff was great and always very helpful in finding a cab, shopping, great restaurants and gave directions for walking to all the sights. The housekeeping staff was wonderful and always friendly. They accomodated our request for late checkout as well. Our room had two double beds, a great view of the Hershey's Time Square, and a good sized bathroom. We were on the 19th floor and water pressure and air condition were in great working order.The location is wonderful; only a few blocks to Rockefellar Plaza and 5th Avenue. Very convenient to the subway as well.I would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Sep 28, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>NYNative
<Content>Loved the Renaissance We stayed at the Marriott Renaissance mid-week from September 6-8, 2005. We were pleasantly surprised by the comfort of the room and by the excellent service we received from everyone we encountered. After reading many reviews of tiny, noisy New York hotel rooms, we were surprised by how ample our room was, and how quiet. The only time we heard any street noise at all was when an ambulance went by with its siren blasting- and even that noise was relatively muffled. We had requested a king size bed, but instead got two double beds. No matter - they were incredibly comfortable, with down comforters and pillows. The maid service was impeccable- the room was spotlessly clean. We didn't have any meals there since we were always on the go. We did find a great place for breakfast on 51st and Broadway - a deli called Ellen's. The food was inexpensive but good, and the waitresses, all Broadway star wannabes provided great service and even performed a song or two for the diners. That was a lot of fun, particularly for the kids we saw there with their families. We had a wonderful pre-theater dinner at Tout Va Bien, a French restaurant on 51st and 8th. They are known for their pepper steak and authentic French food, and a 3 course meal (delicious!) cost under $25.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GaerielSky
<Content>Terrific Hotel Spent the weekend in the city with some friends and got a great rate on the Reaissance. Somehow the dates were mixed up, and when I called to confirm they let me know and apologized getting me the same rate for the days I needed. The staff couldn't be friendlier or more helpful. The rooms are very nice and pretty spacious and clean. Great views. Prime location. The restaurant has a spectacular view of Times Square. The health club was great too (and totally empty). Highly recommend. I would definitely stay here again. I had other friends who stayed at the Edison and they hated it and everyone was rude.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>totika
<Content>Great Stay in Times Square The Renaissance Times Square is the perfect place to stay if you are touring New York City. We stayed for three nights in August. The hotel is right in the middle of Times Square but is the perfect getaway from the noise and crowds that are right outside your door. The room is a good size, very nicely furnished and the bathroom is outstanding. The people were terrific, very helpful when needed but not pushy at all. Foley's has a terrific view of Times Square, the service there is great, but be prepared to pay for the ambience. It's expensive. The rooms are a good price for the location. In all, we would highly recommend this hotel. It was our 30th anniversary and our first visit to New York City and the Renaissance made it perfect.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place, clean room and decent price The staff was great; the rooms were clean and spacious with updated furnishings. The food was decent and price was comparable to other establishments near by. The location was perfect and couldn鈥檛 be better if you want to stay near Times Square. Price was competitive for the quality hotel and its location. We鈥檒l stay here again鈥?br/>  
<Date>Aug 1, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SeattleTrvlr
<Content>Great location, But... Can't find a better location if you want to be in the middle of all the action. Despite that, heard no noise from the street (14th floor room facing 7th Ave.). Did hear noise from room next door along with some plumbing noise. Room is spacious by NYC standards and relatively attractive. Bathroom had lots of countertop space for your stuff, a deep tub, and Bath  Body Works toiletries. Mattress was more comfortable than most hotel beds.Now for the minuses: No NYC guide books or mags in room to help you plan your days. Despite being a non-smoking room, it smelled of old cigarette smoke. AC never got cool enough for us and maintenance unable to do anything about it. $13/day for Internet access! Towels worn out, and sheets getting real thin. Blankets were shabby and old. And my pet peeve -- non-fitted bottom sheet and non-fitted mattress pad. Will not stay tucked in and together they create a VERY lumpy sleeping surface within the first 5 minutes. I HATE that! If not for this, I'd probably stay there again despite the worn-out linens because the location is so great. If you don't mind the lumps, go for it if you can get a decent rate.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>UKTwo_M's
<Content>A Birthday Treat Right on Times Square I took my Mum to New York for her 75th birthday and chose to stay at the Renaissance as my husband and I had spent 4 days there back in Nov 2003. We stayed at the hotel from 10th to 17th June it was the ideal place smack bang ontop of Times Square. It was my Mums first visit to New York and one she will remember forever as she fell in love with the City and its People from the moment we arrived. My one real complaint was that Virgin who had arranged all our travel had sent them notification it was my Mums 75th birthday and that this was a special treat for her and asked for a room overlooking Times Square I didn't care what floor we were on. We got a side view of Times Square from our room which was clean and the beds were the most comfortable I've ever slept in away from home - my Mum had the best sleep ever in this hotel. I agree with a lot of people about the bathrooms looking worn out and the towels were just a little threadbare (we had fluffier towels in our hotel at Heathrow) and the bed linen was spotless. As they had all that information at hand I was a little disappointed that on the day of her birthday they didn't leave just a little card or some fruit to wish her a happy birthday so i was just a little let down with the hotel this time around but it did not dampen our time there and the staff were very helpful although they could do with learning to smile a little more when approached. On two occasions we returned to our room from long days out sight seeing and shopping to discover that our room door had been left open from when it was cleaned. The first day I told them about it I was told they would report it to the Housekeeping Manager. Unfortunately the next day we came back to the same thing door open it just so happened the same member of staff was on when I complained again and he was horrified that the same thing had happened and quickly offered us free breakfast for two days. I did ask if they could make it dinner as on the second day it was my Mums birthday and mentioned this to the man on reception to which I was very promptly told no so I accepted the breakfasts but again it left me a little disappointed in their handling of things. Thankfully nothing was taken from our room (it looked from the outside that the door was closed) as all valuables were in the inroom safe.All in all we had a fabulous time in New York and the stay at the Renaissance was good but I think our next planned trip we will try out another hotel in the Times Square area possibley the Marriot Marquis as we had dinner there as a birthday treat and they were wonderful to my Mum.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location! We stayed at the Renaissance New York Hotel in Times Square from June 11th -13th. We are from New York City, but we still did a lot of research before picking our hotel. We were not disappointed with our choice. This hotel is located right in the heart of Times Square. Tourists and locals alike will be impressed with the views from the rooms-- especially at night when everything is lit up. The rooms were immaculate and the hotel provided plenty of towels and bathroom amenities. The beds were real comfortable and there were extra pillows in the armoire. The only thing that you should be aware of is that the mini-bar has sensors in it-- everytime you touch something, it is automatically billed to your room. We found this out as I was moving things around to put some of our own stuff in the fridge, and I noticed the small sign that tells you about the automatic billing. We called the front desk to ask about this, and they confirmed that we had been billed for three items. After speaking to a Manager and explaining what had happened, the charges were removed, and they supplied us with a mini fridge free of charge.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>MarcJordan
<Content>Extremely Comfy Establishment Just got back from 4 nights (6/29/05). The property is immaculate and while the rooms are quite small by American standards, it was very, very comfortable. The pillowtop bed was outstanding. Don't know where others come off by saying the rooms are tired looking or in need of update, I found the room to be decorated very warmly and the tile in the entryway was a nice touch. The marble bathroom was roomy enough for me and my wife. My only complaint was the showerhead, which is one of those stylish, wide brimmed heads that drip down. I would much rather see an adjustable head. Let me add that there was plenty of hot water. The bedding was in excellent shape, not warn or pilly. Don't know how they did it, but the room was totally cutoff from outside noise. We were on the 8th floor and didn't hear a thing. Interestingly, about 50 feet directly from our room a new building is under construction and the crane was eye level with our window. We didn't hear a single sound from it.Staff was very friendly and check-in was efficient, even though we couldn't get our keys until 4:00pm. We took the opportunity to walk the streets for 4 hours. Being a Platinum member in the Marriott Rewards program I was a bit disappointed to find that the hotel did not have a Club Floor or Concierge Lounge. But the hotel made up for it by providing my wife and I a free buffet breakfast in the restaurant (sorry, it's offered to Elite members only). Since they charge $20/pp for the buffet, we saved a bundle. The location can't be beat for those looking to stay in the heart of Times Square. The Broadway subway has a stop right outside the front door. I would definately recommend this property to anybody wanting to be in the thick of it.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RedVelvette
<Content>Terrific time!!!!!! WOW! Had an incredible time at the Renaissance Times Square! Stayed for 7 nights for business trip. The service was stupendous! Had many boxes shipped to hotel, needed Broadway show tickets, wanted tons more hangers, since long stay asked for and got (for free) a room refrigerator (they had one with drinks/alcohol for cost but wanted empty one for sodas) and more. They were wonderful! No problems with late check out - everything done smoothly and effortlessly. Last day had luggage put in storage for a few hours - when I got back ran upstairs to use bathroom and by time I got downstairs - they had luggage ready and had summoned taxi (station wagon type for the many pounds of luggage) and the air conditioning cranked on high. Room service was great, too! Had breakfast in every morning and tried everything on menu. All hot and served right on time with the newspaper. Helpful and friendly staff. Room extremely clean and spacious for its price. Had plenty of workroom for visiting colleague and me. Free in-room safe. Great closet space! And I can't say enough about the bed. I am a fussy sleeper with princess/pea complex. The bed was incredible -not too soft and not too hard and down pillows. It was hard to check out. Amazingly, the room was very quiet. Only once did I notice during sleep a siren. (Stayed on 21st floor). Also, never heard water running from other rooms (drives me crazy). Bathtub deep and lots of hot water! View from room was great looking down on Broadway. The hotel is between 7th and Broadway. The pics you always see at New Years with that triple billboard is on backside of hotel. Can't get any closer to Times Square unless blinded by the flashing billboards. The cheap tix booth is right around back. Close and safe ATM right around corner. For those who like food like home - McDonalds, Olive Garden, Sbarro, Red Lobster, etc. - they're all within spittin distance. A really good Bubba Gumps is hop-skip. For those who like something more local there are many deli (one just like the soup nazis from Seinfeld) and restaurants around the corner. Terrific sushi everywhere you turn. Hersey's and Popcorn Factory on corners. Broadway shows right there within easy walking blocks. Concierge got me great seats for soldout Wicked. He spent a number of days on telephone with me sorting out seats before my stay to get them. Only wrinkle in stay - not hotel's fault - was first night the fire alarm went off - it seems some idiot on fifth floor decided to ignore sign and hang clothes on sprinkler - broadcasts over speaker system helpful - although my throwing things around room and not being able to find shoes was not. As you can see, I am very happy and will definitely stay there next time I am in town.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Beachbabe31
<Content>Fantastic hotel, great location We have just returned from staying at the renaissance for a four day break. Arrived 10pm  tired. As soon as we walked in, our luggage was taken  sent straight to our room, check in took couple of minutes, very smooth  efficient. Wonderful staff, friendly and helpful. Room great, size was fine and so quiet after the noise and bustle of Times Square. Beds were absolute heaven and so comfortable. Breakfast buffet a little expensive but a good start to the day. Excellent location - subway 5 mins walk, catch line 1 to south ferry for Statue of Liberty  Ellis Island. Recommend very early start, big queues for security checks etc. Same with Empire State Building. Can order tickets on line for both, very easy  does save time. Recommend tour bus to downtown loop, hop on, hop off. You can catch this just behind hotel. Managed to get late check out at no extra charge, again very smooth, no problems at all. We will definately be returning to the Renaissance. Highly recommended!!! Americans very welcoming, so smile, be friendly and you will have a fantastic time!!!!!  
<Date>Jun 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>millie7
<Content>great location.... but? First trip to NYC and alot of careful thought into chosing the right hotel, with the great help from tripavidsor reviews.Location - absolutely fantastic!! - slap bang in the middle of Times Square - you weren't joking were you? Check in smooth and courteous, asked for a high level front facing room and got it no problem. View on to Times Square area first class! All the action day or night, but surpisingly very little noise!Room, if I am honest was a little disappointing: tired looking, bathroom and general lighting very poor. Beds very comfortable!! - Linen a little worn - holes in sheets some daysMaid service very shoddy: family of 3 staying in 1 room and consistantly only enough towels / coffee / cups etc for 2 despite daily reminders - not a big deal, but it does take the edge off, having to keep asking for basics that should be there!Heard about Conceiage OMAH and he really did live up to his name: he was great, giving us sound advice from someone who really did know what he was talking about - and a great guy too! Excellent.Did not eat at the Hotel - too many places to try out - the deli's were fantastic - especially Maxi's deli / bar / restaurant just over the road - went there every other day - too full to eat there every day!!! New York food portions are s000 big!!!Highly recommend the water taxi service - what a great way to see Manhattan and so inexpensive too!Would I come back to New York - YES - have already planned our next trip, and are seriously thinking about staying at the Doubletree Suites opposite the Rennaisance - checked it out while we were there - new re-modelled suites very good (although agree with other reviews bland) but certainly fit the bill for space, cleanliness, comfort, securtiy and location.Stayed at the Renassaince for a week - loved the location, disappointed with the standard of cleanliness, attention to detail regarding maid service and the tired look of the rooms - Can't quite put my finger on why the Renassaince did not do it for us - I just think my expectations were too high!  
<Date>Jun 1, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome! We stayed at the Renaissance in early March and absolutely love it. It's in a perfect location- right in Times Square, near theaters, right by Metro station, etc. The rooms are small, but you're in NYC so all the rooms are small. The beds were very comfortable, and we had a great view of Times Square from our window. The service was excellent, and the concierge was extremely helpful. We weren't able to eat in their restaurant that looks right over Times Square because it was closed for renovations, but we were told by many it's a prime place to eat before the theater, get drinks or dessert afterwards, etc. The hotels in Times Square price out more expensively, but it is worth it to be in such a prime location- the only other hotel in the area that would be a great location and isn't as expensive would be the Comfort Hotel- however, the difference (luxury wise) between this one and the others in noticeable.  
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place I just returned from my first trip ever, and I must say, staying at the Renaissance was great! The best thing about this hotel is the location. It is located right in the center of time square, and only a short walk from 5th ave., and Broadway shows, stores, ect (if you are looking for great Broadway tickets at discounted price and willing to wait in line visit the 鈥淭kts鈥?booth located 5 seconds south of the hotel). The hotel staff was extremely friendly and courteous. The concierge desk was more than knowledgeable and will to assist. The rooms were nice, clean and full of information to help you plan your stay. The beds were so comfortable that it was hard to get out of them in the morning. I had such a great stay, that I will definitely return to this hotel on my next trip.  
<Date>May 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not a Big Bustling Place but Great Little Hotel First of all, there are so many great hotels in NYC to stay at. They are all very modern, upscale and hopping, especially if you are not used to NY. 3 and 4 star hotels here are better than most elsewhere (I travel a ton). I've stayed at the Hilton New York, Westin Times Square, Sheraton New York  Towers, Marriott Marquis, Westin Essex House, and Crowne Plaza Times Square. They are all nice places you can't go wrong with. If you want more luxury and wish to go above the 400-500 price point ... I've heard the Ritz, Trump etc. are unreal.Stayed here for a few days for work. I loved it. Very clean, modern and comfortable. Very reasonable compared to other properties. Nice rooms, new beds. It is also very quiet which is nice in NYC because you can find all the action you want outside.This is not a big hotel with many restaurant choices, bars huge lobby etc. Nor is it a top of the line $500-1000 a night 5 star hotel where the service is impeccable. But if you are looking for a friendly, clean, quiet, reasonable stay in a good location ... you won't be disappointed.  
<Date>May 4, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great choice We decided to stay at this hotel after our first choice started renovating. I'm so glad we changed to this hotel, the staff were great and the bed was the best I have ever slept in. We requested a high floor room and got one on the 21st floor with a great view of Times Square.If you come to New York make this hotel your first choice its worth every penny.We booked hotel only through Virgin Holidays as were far cheaper than any net rate.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>quiller
<Content>Great location!! I have just spent 5 nights with 3 friends at the Renaissance Hotel in Times Square, New York. The location is fantastic, right in the middle of all the action. We had a room on the 19th floor (requested this through our Virgin holiday) and had two large double beds which were so comfy it was difficult to get out of them. Found all the staff very obliging especially in the resturant where we had breakfast each day. There is a great view from here. If you are travelling to New York and intend to go up the Empire State I would advise you to prepurchase your tickets as we had to queue for two hours. Would recommend seeing Mamma Mia, it is brilliant, also the open top bus ride round the city. Macys is the best for shopping, Bloomingdales is classier but sells the same things at a higher price.Have a great time folks.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel cannot wait to stay again been to NYC over 10 times, 1st time at rennaissance.Just came back from staying here last week. clean room, large comfy bed, clean spacious bathroom, room service efficient. concierge service was amazing. late check out ... no problem, holding bags safely once checked out...no problem.location busy, but great if you're there for a short break, no wasted commuting time.taxi to there from JFK was 30-45 min and $50 all in.would definetely go back.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SatisfiedSouthAfrica
<Content>Second stay - bit of a disappointment Having had a glorious stay here in December 2004, I returned to this hotel without hesitation. Check-in is only at 3pm, but I had an early arrival (9am) at the hotel, as my international flight landed at 07h25. Needless to say, after 22 hours on planes and in airports, one usually just likes to have a shower or bath and put on some clean clothes.I enquired at reception whether it would be possible to check-in earlier. The gentleman very politely explained to me that they had a full-house the previous night and that I could enquire again at about 12h00 for a possible cleaned room. At 12h30 I made enquiries at reception again, this time encoutering the Cruella de Ville of the reception domain. In a condescending manner, she told me that check-in was at 3pm, no exceptions. Well thank you so much anyway for all your efforts mam, but that's exactly the reason I will seek out alternative accommodation in the future.At rates of $459.00 per night I truly expect just that little extra for heavens sake! Even back in South Africa I get better treatment at Intercontinental hotels for a room rate, far less than $459.Eventually I got a room at 4pm just to realise, when I opened the roomdoor, that I got the Royal Suite of broom closets, with the added luxury of an adjoining roomdoor propped in the one corner of the room. For the rest of my Easter weekend I could clearly hear every word that was spoken in the adjoining room - from girlfriend talk to dirty talk......Clearly being a Marriott Rewards Elite member is not working out for me and I will keep an eye out for alternative accommodation in NYC.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>MDMom58
<Content>Ok Hotel We stayed at the Renaissance Hotel from March 26-March 30, 2005. At ckin we ran into a problem with there not being any connecting rooms. I had called that morning to double ck and was told everything was all set. Well, at ck in we couldn't get the connecting rooms and the two rooms we were going to be put in were floors apart. Not a good way to start our NYC trip. We cancelled the 2nd room and all 4 of us stayed in one room. Not a very comfortable solution. 2 people in the bed, one on a rollaway and one in the chair!!! Got worked out on Sunday afternoon and we got our 2 connecting rooms.The location of this hotel is ideal. We loved being in Times Sq. We were on the 18th floor. Beds were comfy and I loved the pillows. Kids were bothered somewhat by the traffic noise, lots of honking horns, which would wake them up sometimes. So easy to walk to most all attractions. We only took a taxi once and that was due to the all day rain.Room service was always prompt and the food good. My daughter and I always enjoyed our nightly slice of cheesecake. Did not eat dinner at Foleys, but did do the breakfast buffet one morning. The eggs were horrible!!! It was extremely overpriced for extremely mediocre food.Overall, I would recommend this hotel to anyone wanting a Times Sq location. Service was acceptable. I would probably stay here at some future visit to NYC.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A wonderful stay! We stayed at the Renaissance for 4 nights beginning March 23rd (Easter weekend). There were four of us - my husband and I and our two daughters - 16 and 12. The trip was a birthday trip for our 16 year old. As had been said - the location is great. We had breakfast the first morning at Foleys which was very good - the staff was very friendly and helpful. We also had dinner on Saturday night before going to the theatre - again the food was very good and the view cannot be beat. The room was a nice size, the beds were great and given the location it was very quite. We found all of the staff very helpful and friendly. The day we were leaving my youngest daughter discovered that she did not have her cell phone - we were collecting our luggage from the bell station, getting a cab to the airport. The bell staff called housekeeping but they did not have it - he suggested we run up to the floor and double check as they were still cleaining rooms. Sure enough they had just finished our room and were planning to send it to us. The only negative is that Times Square in general is just packed with people so every time you leave the hotel it is crazy. However that is part of the adventure and it is nice to be so close to all the shows - I never felt any concern walking around after a show back to the hotel. We also ate at the Blue Fin in the W just across the street. This is a very hip  trendy place but the food was excellent - we just had oysters and sushi.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic We stayed at the Renaissance in Feb 2005. The hotel was lovely. The room was superb with fantastic views from the window and the most comfortable, hugh bed I have ever slept in.The location is the best in New York, with Central Park and the shops a stones throw away. A short walk to Central Station. Empire State building etc and near the subway for Statue Liberty and Ground Zero.You must eat at Bubba Gumps restaurant, based on the film 'Forest Gump'The staff at the Renaissance were friendly and polite. All in all our visit was a trip never to forget. We plan to go back one day and will definately return to this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>poor guest service not impressed at all.... spent one night in this hotel, got a good sunday rate at $199.00 compared to other 4 star hotels in the neighborhood. Not impressed at all! Guest service was poor considering we arrived and requested for extra pillows, front desk says they will take care of it...no one came to deliver. Spoke to a housekeeper who took care of our room for the turn down that afternoon, I mentioned to her about the pillows, she said I still have to call for that in the housekeeping dept, you would think that she would have the initiative to take care of the simple request, nope! no extra pillows for us....that only shows that they are not there to really take care of their guests....my family and I are all well travelled to different luxury hotels, by far the other hotels in Orlando and Las Vegas would have taken care of this little request right there and there. Oh well! I am not a happy guest....but they don't really care! I am not returning to this hotel all because good guest service is a priority on my list of where I want to stay the next time around! I am disappointed guest.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2005
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location and more than adequate for the price Stayed here for three days in November 2003 visiting from Canada. Great room overlooking the street but we were not bothered by street noise at all. It was also smallish, with two queen beds shared among a married couple, us, and an old girl friend from the UK (Don't ask) but we are good friends. Restaurant is great with a perfect Times Square view to the South. Location is great, staff were very helpful, concierge was a mine of knowledge, but that is his job. Also, I left a pair of dress pants in the room after we had packed and left. I called the hotel from Toronto on our return and they were sent Priority Post; we were never charged. We would definitely stay here again if it fitted our plans.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Rennaisance ticks all the boxes Just returned from a 4 night stay in the Rennaisance with 4 of my girl friends. What can I say, the hotel was fantastic. It's fabulously located and the services from all the staff, particularly Erick, the Concierge, was second to none. We were extremely pleased with our rooms on the 16th floor, the beds are so comfy, it's hard to get out of them in the morning. The rooms were serviced daily with loads of fresh towels. We had major problems with our luggage, or lack of it!!! but the hotel supplied us with bathrobes and toiletries to ensure we didn't suffer too much, they also sent champagne and strawberries to our room to cheer us up and to ensure we had a fantastic time in New York!!......I've never received that level of service from any other hotel and I've stayed in many. Unfortunately, we didn't eat in Foleys but we heard that the food was fantastic, we did sneak in there early one morning after returning from a night out just to see the view....well worth it! My friends and cannot recommend the Rennaisance highly enough, we've told everybody about it since our return and are already planning our next trip. if you're looking for a high quality, traditional and friendly place to stay in the middle of new york, you can't do better then this hotel, when you go, tell Erick that we said Hi!  
<Date>Mar 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome Times Square Location For anyone who wants to stay right smack in the middle of Times Square, you can't beat the Renaissance Times Square Hotel. We stayed here for a celebration with our extended family and as a result got to see a variety of rooms. Most of them had views of Broadway that were filled with all the lights and action of Times Square, without the noise. The rooms themselves were a fairly good size by NYC standards and they were VERY quiet. They were nicely appointed with really nice bathrooms and THE MOST comfortable beds I have ever slept on. The staff were incredibly friendly and helpful. Foley's, the hotel restaurant, doesn't have the greatest food in the world, but it's worth eating at least one meal there, just for the view. It's like being inside of a video game.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Farleybathbun
<Content>Best Holiday ever We stayed at the Renaissance from Feb 16 to 21 and can't fault it. We got a great deal from hotelpronto for all 4 of us (my husband  I, and two sons 15 and 12) in one room. We stayed in Milford Plaza on our last visit, and although it was in the right positon (and who goes to New York to spend much time in their room?) we were not impressed and I read lots of reviews to find a better place to stay for our second visit. Thanks to all your helpful members and their reviews, we were certainly not disappointed this time. The room was large for NYC and very welcoming. Two large double beds which were soooo comfortable with lots of pillows and quilts, great TV, armchair with reading lamp, a huge closet to tuck away the suitcases (and the carrier bags!) and a great marble bathroom with endless hot water. There was even a coffee/tea maker and a fridge(tho we didn't dare use the fridge for our own drinks as we were afraid we'd be charged for minibar items we hadn't used!) The staff at the hotel was fantastic - all really friendly and helpful. We checked in early (1pm) with no problem at all, and although checkout was 12 and we didn't leave NYC til 4pm, we were welcome in the lobby and our bags were looked after. Nothing was too much trouble. There are fabulous flowers everywhere, it all smells great, and was slap bang in the middle of everything we wanted to see and do. We ate breakfasts at Europan (near Port Authority bus terminal) - fantastic and so cheap; very friendly and helpful and great banana pancakes! We had dinner in Foley's on the Saturday and had a table overlooking Times Square - it was fabulous and the fish was delicious. My younger son wasn't hungry but no problem - Marlene the waitress made him a Roy Rogers cocktail (!!) and made a great fuss of him. The cocktails in the bar were large and hit the spot! Also ate at Angus Mcindoe's on 44th(?) - lovely food and huge cosmopolitans, and I'm sure there were some of the cast from The Producers on the next table... we had a brilliant time and we will certainly be going back to the Renaissance, hopefully in November (just the two of us) (if the boys let us - they loved every minute).  
<Date>Mar 6, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a location Just arrived back from my first trip to New York and loved every minute of it this hotel is top class cannot fault it rooms are a good size,clean and the views of Times Square are magnificent.All the attractions and shops are well within walking distance if your planning a trip New York this is the place to stay.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BenTheNeg
<Content>The heart of NY Stayed at the Renaissance 13th-17th February and had an unbelievable time. I'll file my trip report on the forum, but here's my view on the hotel. My only real disappointment was that I had specifically requested a high floor (it was my honeymoon after all). We were allocated a room on the 7th floor (out of about 28). I decided not to complain without looking at the room and in fact, my wife and I loved it! Great view of Times Square and very little noise.We had breakfast in Foleys on the first morning and it was terrific (although very expensive). Sausage, Maple-cured bacon, home fries and eggs, with terrific coffee, loads of fresh fruit and a huge range of muffins and pastries. The other three days we ate out at the FANTASTIC Europan (no spelling error) Cafe. Fluffy Blueberry pancakes with fruit and maple syrup... Mmmmm!!! Also try the Majestic Deli for awesome cheesecake.Other things to let you know. The bed at the hotel was huge and very comfortable (perfect for dealing with jet-lag) Housekeeping was immaculate ($3 a day on the desk ensured this) and the bath was Olympic sized. The best thing? It's been said before. The location. It could not be better for everything. We walked virtually everywhere we went and were so glad we chose Times Square as a base.In conclusion, I have no hesitation in recommending the Renaissance.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>areopagus
<Content>Stay away! First, the kitchen is closed so getting hot food in room service is not possible. Second, I could not get any Internet connection; had to use a dial-up (only here and in India have I had a problem - and in India, I solved it...). Third, the staff's got an attitude problem. Not worth the money.   
<Date>Feb 14, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Doctor_MGWH
<Content>Revival in name, revival in nature! Having read the reviews on this hotel I was unsure what to expect. I have stayed in a wide range of US hotels from the cheap to the impressive and from the expensive to the disappointing. What is important in this case is to compare like with like and the Renaissance doesn鈥檛 disappoint. The rooms are modern, well kept and clean. They aren鈥檛 the biggest but neither is the price. The staff were friendly, helpful and courteous, not what I was lead to believe of New Yorkers at all. The only reason I haven鈥檛 given five stars is that we weren鈥檛 told the restaurant was closed for renovation, but then, hey, you鈥檙e in the middle of Times Square so you won鈥檛 go hungry! One tip to protect the wallet is not to take them up on the offer of valet parking. $51 a night can really build up!   
<Date>Feb 10, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Laren
<Content>Very nice and comfortable I stayed in the Renaissance in January 2005. The location is good, right in the Times Square area. I had a king size bed which was extremely comfortable, and everything was very nice and clean, and well presented, in both the bedroom and bathroom. There were coffee-making facilities in the room. They even offer to shine a pair of shoes for you each day, although I didn't have the opportunity to take up the offer. I had stayed at another hotel in the area earlier in my trip, but I wish I had been at the Renaissance the whole time, it was not much more expensive, but of a far higher quality.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dps-one
<Content>Great Hotel We booked our second trip to New York and arrived mid afternoon. We proceed to the check in desk gave our name and the check clerk continued to type on the computer and after about three minutes or so were told that we did not have a reservation. They then called the duty manager who confirmed that from my paperwork and voucher that we should have a room available but our tour operator had made a mistake. He then politely told us that there were no rooms available and that the hotel is fully booked after he phoned our tour operator he managed to find us a room that was out of order through all this he was very proffesional (his name was Gab). In the end three of us stayed in a double room with a roll away bed on the sixth floor we were then moved to the 21st floor the next day for the rest of the stay. Hotel was very clean great location, very helpful staff, would stay there again!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Jan 24, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, great room and the concierge is a legend! My partner and I decided to go to New York to celebrate my Birthday and booked this hotel solely on the great reviews we'd seen on this website, we were not disappointed! As it was our first trip to America and we were quite overwhelmed but the staff were very friendly, especially Omar, the concierge. He helped us plan out our day and recommended some wonderful restaurants and Broadway shows to visit. I don't know what we would have done without him! After moving on the second night from a small bedroom on the 5th floor, to a big room on the 20th floor overlooking Broadway and 7th avenue with great sights of Times Square, we were very happy. The windows were soundproofed with black out curtains so the busy traffic and lights of Broadway were not a problem. The only problem was on the last night the room next door was very loud, but a quick call to the front desk and security came up straight away to ask them to keep it down. Overall the hotel was lovely, the staff were very accommodating and the location was ideal.Best Birthday ever!  
<Date>Jan 21, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great location (especially for new years eve!) Just got back from a New Years Eve trip. The location of the hotel is perfect and you don't have to stand for hours in the crowds to watch the ball drop as there is a space made available for the hotel clients at 11.30 pm! The location is also good for all the sightseeing and shopping. The hotel itself is okay - the rooms are expensive for what they are but hey it seems that New York hotels are expensive for something half decent!  
<Date>Jan 6, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved It! My husband and I spent four nights at the Renaissance hotel during Christmas week. We had a wonderful stay and the people were very nice. Omar the concierge was very helpful. This was our first visit to NYC and it was worth the wait. The room was nice but I have stayed in better, but we were not in the room much.. I would recommend this for location as well, we were in walking distance of most things and the subways were very close as well.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RedFiona
<Content>Really the best there is We visited this hotel in December 2003 for my husband's 40th birthday and had such an amazing time we decided to return for the week before Christmas 2004. Only I was a bit worried that it wouldn't be as good as I remembered it. I couldn't have been more wrong, this was even better the second time around.I agree with another reviewer, why is this not in the top 5 hotels. The staff (all the same as the year before) were fantastic, they all remembered us and made us feel like we'd come home. The hotel itself is fantastic, great location, great rooms, fabulous bar, and Foley's food is not only great, but you cannot beat the view. Obviously the hotel would stand up on it's own, but what makes this hotel outstanding are the staff, I don't want to name any of them in particular as they are all as good as each other, from front door to concierge to waiters to maid service to managers. We both want to go back again next year, but sadly finances won't allow (that is unless we win the lottery!!), one thing is for sure though I will miss this place until we can return again, and when we do return I know that we will be welcomed again with open arms. We've travelled a lot and this is one of the best and friendliest places we've stayed in all over the world, our home in New York. Thanks guys!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Renaissance New Year's Eve Week My wife and I just got home from spending a week there, in and around New Year's Eve. Would I go back-----INDEED, the service and the staff was excellent. Everyone was so helpful and friendly. The security was excellent during our stay and they were very helpful on New Year's Eve. I can't praise them enough---We were so impressed.If and when I go back that is where I will be and I will recommend it to anyone else. The view is magnificent. The quality of everthing there is great.Loved It!  
<Date>Jan 2, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Christmas as the Renaissance My wife and I stayed at the Renaissance Hotel during the first week of December. Other than being way overpriced and our room not being ready when we arrived, we were very satisfied with our stay. Great location and friendly, helpful staff. Our room was nicely sized and well appointed.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>So so Wow, maybe they didn't like me here. The best thing about the room was the bathroom. The bed was tiny, the first room we got had a loud and squeaky bed. The room was tiny, the view was not that great. I wouldn't stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>shellie2004
<Content>would i go back??!! would i go back?? bet your life i would!! i thought this hotel to be brilliant,the views you get of times square were amazing.all of the staff that we came across were very friendly and very helpful,especially the guys on the desk in the foyer one young man in particular but we missed his name, will ask next time for sure!! our room was more than ample in size and the beds,we couldn't wait to get tired and for night-time to arrive they were so comfortable, big and plenty of pillows to bury yourself in!! we also had a cocktail or two in the foley's bar, excellent, would recommend the 2 times cocktail beautiful!! this hotel is also within walking distance of many attractions, central park, rockefeller centre, macy's, empire state building and many more.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>VIP Treatment? Not Here! VIP Treatment, Not here. My girlfriend used to be a frequent traveler and acquired thousands of points every year. We were looking for a property in which we could use her points at and none were available via the net. I contacted the Revenue Manager at the Renaissance Times Square and asked if they may be able to make an exception, in which he kindly did. Great start! On October 22, We were in town for a wedding, and I wanted make our trip special for my girlfriend, as this was our first trip together. I called ahead and attempted to speak with the Front Office Manager to see what sort of VIP treatments I could arrange for my girlfriend as a surprise. To my disappointment, after a few phone calls, voicemails, and an email to Mr. Robert Solis (Front Office Manager), I never received a response. Concerned I was not going to get a response from Mr. Solis, I contacted the concierge staff in a last ditch effort. The staff seemed friendly and eager to help. Upon my request, they quickly arranged for a sedan to pick us up from the airport as well as arrange some flowers. I asked if the flowers could be placed in the room prior to our arrival. The woman stated that they would not be able to accommodate my request due to her concern that the front desk may move our room at the last moment and we may not receive the flowers at all. Again, I was disappointed. Upon arrival at the airport, we were not greeted by anyone. While my girlfriend was in the washroom, I then contacted the Limo Company (Spectacular). I gave the person on the phone my confirmation number in which the concierge at the hotel had given me. The woman asked if I was another individual. I stated no, but thank god a few moments into our conversation a driver appeared with my girlfriends last name misspelled. The driver was nice and was a happy surprise for my girlfriend. Upon arrival at the hotel, we were greeted by a nice, true New Yorker Bell Person in the beautiful lobby. He directed us to the front desk in the lobby on the second floor. The two men at the front desk seemed disinterested in our arrival and never even welcomed us to the hotel. After we received our keys, we were directed to the concierge desk across the lobby as we were instructed we had a message. Frustrated with the fact that I knew this was the flowers I had arranged, I walked my girlfriend over to the desk. The concierge took our name and walked away coming back with the flowers, handing them to me. Again, my girlfriend was surprised, but I was disappointed. We were then directed to the guest elevators and stood there with our luggage and the flowers for about 10 minuets before we found out there were people stuck in the elevator. We were directed back down to the main lobby on the first floor where we were instructed to take the employee elevators. While we waited for the employee elevator, we encountered the friendly Bell Person from our arrival along with some members of the security team and some others. Needless to say, we got the lowdown on what was happening with the elevators and how often it occurred which made us question whether we should get into the elevators. We eventually made it to our room, which was very nice and even overlooked the Hershey Store across the street. The next day, we packed up and went out for my first tour of New York and came back around 4pm to find our room had not been cleaned. However, I did find a nice card on the desk letting us know who our Housekeeper would be and that they would be servicing our room during our stay, which I thought was a nice touch. Unfortunately, our room was never serviced. Moral of the story is, the hotel has a lot going for it. Awesome location, nice clean facility, and beautiful rooms with breath taking views, but seems to lack the basics of customer service. Service starts with hiring, training, and most importantly, management. Seems simple to me... all I wanted was for my girlfriend to be treated as a princess.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Why is this hotel NOT in the TOP 5!!!!!!!??????!!!!!!! WHOA!!! What a truly magnificent hotel.. First off, we were upgraded to a view room at NO charge; we just asked.. This hotel is in the middle of the most happening city on the planet.. Close to all of the tourist traps and the not soo touristy areas, and yet when you are in your comfortable room, you feel like you are NOT anywhere near a city that literally NEVER sleeps.. Sweet and diligent service by ALL staff members.. What else can this hotel have?? Free shoe shine, cool consierge service and NO elevator issues, had service to and from room in seconds, even though we were on the 16th floor.. Consider this awesome hotel next time you visit New York!!!!!  
<Date>Nov 27, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Renaissance was great Just arrived back 24 November 2004First time in New York in fact first time in the States. Everything about this hotel was superb. Arrived on our wedding anniversary and decided to eat in Foleys as it was a special occasion and expected it to be really expensive. It turned out to be no more expensive than any restaurant in our local town. The food and service were wonderful only mistake we made was ordering a starter we were so full couldn't eat all the main course. Rooms were good and clean. Expected it to be noisy when we saw Times Square but not at all. We too had excellent service from Omar the concierge and the rest of the staff. Would definitely recommend this hotel  
<Date>Nov 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I'll return -- say no more My first time to the Renaissance, New York and America, what an experience. I chose the Renaissance from the many hotels because the Advisor comments seemed to fit in with what we wanted. I must say all expectations fulfilled. From the moment we arrived we knew it was right, the comfortable double beds, a room overlooking 7th Ave large enough for 4 adults to base themselves for a few days and a location in Times square second to none. The hotel security made you feel at ease and the staff very helpful especially Omar the concierge. The only problem is I want to go back and do the things I didnt do this time around and when I do it will be the Renaissaince I visit. Tip, for a bit of entertainment with a meal try Ellens Diner on Broadway next to the Winter Garden Theatre.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Renaiisance was great Stayed at the Renaissance in Times Sq. to celebrate my birthday with my 2 sisters and mom. From the beginning we were not disappointed. Spacious for 4 women. Beds were super comfortable and pillows were great. Bathrooms had marble and a great showerhead. The staff was excellent esp the housekeeping service. Gave us extra towels, cups, creamer etc. The location was the best. Will stay again on my next trip.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel in a Great Location The Renaissance Hotel was not only in a great location--it also has nice sized rooms and a beautifully decorated lobby. We checked in after a long international flight. The bed there are extremely comfortable and the bathrooms, although not large, were larger than many in New York Hotels and had granite countertops. Usually when we stay in Times Square, we go to the Marriot Marquis. Compared to that hotel, the rooms are nicer, the elevators quicker, and it is much quieter than the ever busy Marquis. The staff was friendly and the room clean. We will stay there again!  
<Date>Nov 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Nice Hotel We stayed at this hotel for 4 nights in October 2004. The hotel was fine. Very clean, very central (albeit very well insulated from the traffic and noise of Times Square). Very friendly. The room was quite big for the centre of New York. The bathroom was very clean and, again, pretty big. We have stayed at many 4/5 star hotels in the UK and Europe and would have no hesitation going back to the Renaissance Times Square.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very nice hotel We stayed here during our first trip to New York and the hotel was conveniently located, clean, nicely decorated. The room was small, but we expected that. This was a great hotel, especially for the price compared to others. I would stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel! This was our second visit This was our second visit to the Renaissance. When we arrived, we asked for a room with a view, instead we were given a room on the 5th floor! We weren't happy about that, especially when at 3 a.m. we were woken up by a noise that sounded like someone was hammering on the floor above us. The next day our key cards stopped working. We went to the front desk and complained that we had asked for a room with a view and got the 5th floor. Also, we pointed out that we were paying the rack rate and were Marriott Rewards members. The clerk apologized and said when we checked in, the hotel was full but he could now move us to a room on the 26th floor, which we agreed to, and asked if we needed help moving, which we declined. Moving showed us one thing--the rooms are not all the same, in fact we found the room on the 26th floor had a nicer showerhead and a bigger ice bucket, as well as a stand to hang a suit jacket. We met our room attendant--she was very nice and helpful to us. The only place in the hotel that has a full-on view of Times Square is Foley's Restaurant. We ate a late breakfast there one rainy day--we missed the buffet, had to order off the regular menu, which is incredibly expensive. However, we were the only ones in the place and got the best table. The breakfast was good, but you can find much cheaper food elsewhere. The location of the Renaissance is good--near Times Square but not in the thick of it. No matter what time you go out, Times Square is mobbed. If you ride the subway, which we did, you don't have to catch the train in Times Square. There are 2 stations that are close to the hotel--the 49th Street one and the 50th street one. No express trains stop there, however. While I agree with other posters, you can find cheaper hotels in NYC (as well as ones that are more expensive), we will stay here again. The rooms are nice--you have more room if you have a room with just a king-sized bed. The staff has always been helpful and friendly--when we checked out, even a hotel maintenance man asked us how our visit was. When we ate at Foley's the manager came to our table to see how things were and even recommended things we could do on a rainy day.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>paluvsnyc
<Content>Not as great as we were hoping. After reading the reviews on this site for various hotels in NYC we decided to stay at the Renaissance. Like everyone says the location is great! The rooms are very nice as is the entire hotel. When we first arrived I was very happy with the room until I went into inspect the bathroom and saw a hair left in the tub(very dissapointing). Then that night at 11:30pm we we were trying to go to sleep we all heard a jack hammer. It continued for an hour. I called the desk and they said they were just alerted to this and would be checking into it. I called back an hour later and was told it would be continuing throughout the night and there was nothing they could do. This hotel is not well educated in Customer Service! Then to top it all off we left 2 items after checking out . We contacted the hotel the next day and they called us back after finding the items. But when we arrived the next day to get them, they had no idea what we were talking about. Since then,(over a month now) we have been calling every few days and they have no idea what happened to our items and they don't really seem to care. It's our loss, they have already collected their money from us. And that brings me to another topic. This hotel is over priced. For as long as we were in our room(about 8-9 hours for sleeping) it wasn't worth the money. After staying at the Renaissance for 2 nights we then checked into the Sheraton Manhattan. We were very happy with our stay. It wasn't quite as fancy and the rooms were noticably smaller but the beds were even more comfortable. The staff was excellent, always asking how they could help. We didn't have any problem with noise (and we had a room right next to the elevators)as I had read from others who reviewed the Sheraton Manhattan. The Sheraton Manhattan was a much better deal for us because we justed wanted a nice room to sleep in as we were out and about all day and into the late night in the great city. The location is also great for the Sheraton only a couple blocks from the Renaissance. I may have been more impressed with the Renaissance if they would have been more customer service oriented!  
<Date>Sep 17, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a fantastic place! This place is great. My husband, four kids and I made a cross country drive to New York. I know people thought we were out of our mind, but what a great time we had. This hotel was one of the best places we stayed in 3 weeks of being on the road. We stayed there for four nights. At check-in we were immediately greeted and it was great from that point on. The concierge was wonderful. He helped us out tremendously. Foley's was a nice place to dine where you can't beat the view. The hotel has the best location, as right behind the hotel you can pick up the tour bus through the city that drops you off where you want to go. Don't stay anywhere else, if you can stay here. We were a bit nervous when we knew we were leaving in the morning traffic, but the bellhop gave us perfect directions and we were on our way. Another note, the city was so clean. I prepared my kids for what I thought it would look like, but I found out I was completely wrong. Don't worry about safety everywhere you walk there appears to be a police officer. In the five days that we were there I think I saw three panhandlers. We will definitely be coming back for another visit!  
<Date>Sep 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Definately a must stay hotel... We had the pleasure of staying in the Renaissance the week of June 21, 2004. The staff was more than friendly and helpful, making our dinner reservations several times. We were right in the middle of all the action and couldn't have had a better time.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cindyOcala_fl
<Content>Renowned Renaissance Staff Renowned Renaissance Staff......we had the pleasure of staying at the Renaissance Hotel Times Square August 5-8 2004.........We have never received the courtesy and promptness that this hotel offers at any other hotel in the wonderful and resilient city of New York. The view of Times Square from Foley's is the best!!!!!!!! Go for it!!!!!!!  
<Date>Aug 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Wouldn't Stay Anywhere Else Brought my mum here for her birthday in July. It was her first time in New York and I wanted to make it extra special.We couldn't have falted anything. The room was great and very clean, lovely bathroom. The staff especially the concierge were very helpful in obtaining us 2 Wicked Tickets when it is supposedly sold out for weeks - cannot recommend that show enough. Main purpose of the trip was to see The Boy From Oz and Hugh Jackman didn't let us down. His last performance is 12 September and if anybody is going to New York between now and then this is the show to see.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sjy66
<Content>Great Romantic Getaway with Access to it All My wife and I have been to New York City many times, but always on work related trips or with the kids. This time we decided to go spend a few days together for just the two of us. For this special occasion, we chose the Renaissance. I admit being nervous that I might have made a bad decision, realizing that I had a lot at stake with this trip and having never stayed there before but it was a place we'd both wanted to try. We were not disappointed. We stayed five days and enjoyed every minute of it. Truthfully, I have to admit there were minor annoyances such as asking housekeeping to leave an extra packet of coffee (you'd think with a note every day for three days that it wouldn't be necessary to keep asking, etc...) and the fact that the girl at the front desk would not sell me stamps because she had to keep them for those with international packages. The rest of the staff, from check-in to check-out, were so very kind. Their level of service reminded us of The Ritz Carlton with the entire staff glad to see you, being sure to let you know they care that your are there. Many times I've stayed in a pricey NYC hotel only to be treated poorly by snobbish doormen, front desk clerks, etc... but overall the staff here really made an effort to make us very comfortable.The king size bed was incredibly comfortable as were the lovely towels in the bathroom. The marble tub was huge and provided for very relaxing, long baths. It is located within a block of subway stations, so access to anywhere in the city was so simple and convenient. Could run up to Zabars on West 80th, grab a picnic lunch and go to Central Park then grab the subway down to SoHo for the afternoon and then be back at the hotel within minutes... All of our shows were within a few blocks at the most, so all your entertainment is close enough to just walk.There is only a handful of hotels in Manhattan that I'll recommend to loved ones and colleagues. The Algonquin and The Renaissance are two at the top.Thanks for a wonderful stay Renaissance. See you next time.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mtnmoma
<Content>The Renaissance was great for my group I took a group to New York this spring and we stayed at the Renaissance for 4 nights. Everyone loved the hotel, the location, the price and the staff. It is one of my favorite hotels in New York.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>carcar_06
<Content>Very Nice Hotel I stayed at this hotel for over a week on vacation. It is a very nice hotel, and the staff is excellent!! The room is very nice, and the marbel bathroom is very nice too! Although the room is a little small, it still was very comfy. I don't recomend eating at the hotel, because it is very expensive, but the view of Times Square is great. This is a nice hotel, and it is worth the money!!  
<Date>Jun 25, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>we would stay nowhere else in ny This was our first trip to ny. The renaissance was a fantastic place to stay. All the staff were very helpful and friendly. The rooms were spotless and the food was great.The location is the best in town with all of the action on the doorstep and all entertainment and attractions within easy reach. We are planning our second visit to the renaissance. Not bothering to look at any other hotels.   
<Date>Jun 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We had the best time My husband and I went to NYC over Easter break last year. I realize I forgot to post a review and wanted to fix that. Our stay at the Renaissance Hotel could not have been better. We had bid through Priceline at $140.00 per night for 7 nights back in February. The rates posted online at the Renaissance were never less than 259-279 for the nights that we were staying there. I think we got a great bargain. As soon as we knew we won our priceline bid I had called the hotel direct to verify our reservations and also had requested a non smoking room with a queen size bed or better. They reserved a King size deluxe room, non smoking. On arriving, I asked for a room on a higher floor hoping for a good view. At check in, the clerk mentioned our rooms were prepaid via priceline. We left a credit card for incidentals, whick amounted to 14.33 for the 7 days and included a local tax of 2.00 per day. Our room was on the 14th floor which appears was the 10th floor, since the numbers jumped from lobby to the 4th floor, and the room had a view over Broadway. We overlooked the Hershey's store, the double decker bus departure site and the never far away Starbucks. We didn't feel like inferior customers because we used Priceline. EVERYONE was helpful, pleasant, efficient. The Concierge was always ready with subway suggestions or walking directions. The hotel is really really nice. Mahogany and marble everywhere. The real plus was the help staff. The room itself was classic, clean. The TV included an interface to the internet, which we didn't use. It was a flat rate of 11.95 per day if you used it. Also had movies. We enjoyed watching the news on New York One, TV station. There were two upholstered chairs next to the window with a small table. The room was of a nice size, moderately sized bathroom, coffee maker. The mini bar! Don't touch it if you don't mean it. Just opening it generated a bill of $20.00. Apparently it's on a REAL sensitive sensor. Twice we had to have our bill adjusted. We didn't want $4.00 cokes or 3.50 candy bars. We had no problem getting our bill credited. Another feature we liked about the hotel was it's size. Our room wasn't down long corridors. Easy access to the street. And EASY access to all the theatres. We went to 5 plays while we were there and all were an easy walk even in chilly weather.We didn't eat at Foley's. We couldn't imagine wanting to overlook Times Square. By the time we left, I was quite tired of the Times Square scene. We ate the fixed price menu's in an Italian restaurant on Restaurant Row. There was a wonderful little deli, The Stage Door deli where we went for breakfast almost daily. By the second time there, the deli waiter remembered had remembered our order, right down to the pulp free Tropicana OJ. Very impressive. Breakfast was 10.31 cents including coffee, juice, eggs, toast, home made potatoes for both of us. SERVED. Beat that, Denny's! (you can order downstairs and carry it upstairs to eat or go upstairs and be waited on. Either way, it's plastic forks and paper plates.)Oh, and for a finale, we were leaving the hotel at 2:30. We requested a courtesy late check out time which they accomodated with grace. On a Saturday. We left with a very good feeling about the Renaissance Hotel.  
<Date>May 31, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Schlossturm
<Content>The last secret of New York We have been to the Renaissance New York Hotel on Times Square in April 2004.Outside is the hectic of the greatest place in town - the Times Square.Inside there's silence and everything is comfortable.The doormen and concierge know how to serve their customers.I'll return to New York - and I'll return to the Renaissance.P.S.: For Europeans is it easier to pronounce Renaissance in the right way. So, if you're from Europe or Canada and take a taxi to the hotel, try to pronounce it in an american way.  
<Date>May 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Times Square location. Location, location, location! We did a Mother's Day trip to NYC in May 2004. I picked this hotel after reviewing the comments on this website and I must agree, this is a top notch hotel, esp. for the price and location. Right in the middle of Times Square. It was extremely easy to find and always convenient when walking to sight-seeing locations. The restaurant in the hotel provides an unbelievable view of Times Square. The hotel staff was wonderful. Easy check-in and checkout. No problems at all. Room size was good and cleaning service was great. Beautiful view from my 19th floor room. Everyone in my group was impressed at the hotel and the price. I def. will stay here again!  
<Date>May 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Everything was perfect except the bed and pillows We arrived around 1 pm and were immediately offered a room. We always look at the room first. We requested a room overlooking Broadway. Big mistake UNLESS you go higher than 15th floor. The huge, market quotes ticker on the Morgan Stanley building raced by continuously. We then asked for a room on 7th Avenue. It wasn't ready until 3:00 pm which was check-in time. We looked at that room which was an end room which didn't have a full side-to-side view so we asked for another. The third had a great, unobstructed view on the 25th floor overlooking 7th Avenue. (They do a have several rooms facing Times Square but they cost more and have obstructed side-to-side views.) The windows are really large. The room itself was sort of dark and cave-like, about 350 square feet, large closet, normal Marriott furnishings except for the bed which was cheap and hard. Don't stay here if you want a comfortable bed. The pillows were really small and cheap as well. We asked for and received four more. The bathroom was beautiful, elegant marble tile and a soaking tub. Everything was very clean. Service was excellent, friendly and helpful. Foley's restaurant is a must for the best-in-the-city Times Square view. Breakfast was delicious and well prepared. Location is fabulous, right in the heart of Times Square which is safe and bustles 20 hours a day. Perfect if you have theater tickets. You have to take an elevator to the lobby and another to your floor. No problem because they are fast and available. We recommend for location, cleanliness, friendliness, view, window size, closet size, bathroom elegance. We do not recommend for sleeping comfort.  
<Date>May 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>very nice hotel! love this hotel-Rooms were nice and the staff was very polite and helpful as well. Perfect location in New York!!! I would definitely stay there again  
<Date>Apr 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>#1 Place to Stay I did extensive research on where to stay because it had been many years since I had been to NYC. I can, without a single doubt, say that The Renaissance is one of the best--if not the best. Everything is perfect....location, comfort, quality, staff. Subway station is a few steps away. Theatre's are a short walk. Many restaurant choices close by. Concierge was friendly and knowledgeable. My only complaint is that we couldn't stay longer!  
<Date>Mar 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Couldn't think of a better place to stay!!! The Renaissance was absolutely wonderful. The rooms were spacious and the staff was unbelievably courteous. The concierge was a huge help for people who have never been in NYC. Most polite and he even got us the connection for David Letterman tickets. I don't know if there is a better location or a better hotel in NYC!!!  
<Date>Mar 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>luvnyc76
<Content>stay here!!!!!!!! This was our first time to nyc, and i was very very worried about picking a hotel. I read the reviews and we chose the renaissance. the location could'nt get any better. the rooms were clean and smelled great. the bathroom was great, loved the marble. everyone was great, they even let us do a late check out @ 2:00. everything is walking distance. so if you are going to stay in nyc try the renaissance.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect Perfect Perfect Location and wonderful Hotel This hotel is in the perfect location! It is within walking distance to all the famous tourist sites! Very fun to be in the center of it all! No need to spend money on cabs because everything is so close and subway stations are conveniently located nearby. The service is excellent--the concierge knew directions to every place I wanted to go. Everyone is helpful and nice. The porters (bell hops) were great help! The only, and I mean only downers are that the rooms are a little small, and the beds are a little firm, but the location and great service make up for it all! I will definitely be back.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>susanderek
<Content>Go nowhere else for New Year's Eve We stayed here for 5 nights over the New YEar period 2002/2003. The room was great - even for two adults and two older children. Total silence at night despite the location. Quick stroll to Central PArk, Rockefeller, RAdio City, Plaza etc and quick subway links to everywhere else! New Year's Eve saw us nipping in and out into the centre of the crowd thanks to special hotel passes - some people had waited since mid morning for such a view!  
<Date>Jan 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Dudley UK
<Content>Great visit  This was our second visit to New York.We stayed at the Renaissance for five nights from 7.12.2003.We found the hotel to be excellent,the location is superb with all the action of Times Square just outside the door. Found the room to be of a good size and well equipped.All the staff we encountered were very friendly and helpful. Our lasting memory will be the view from Foleys Restaurant. Not one single complaint will visit again.   
<Date>Jan 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rtpac
<Content>Great hotel experience!   showReview(1519178, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 16, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mme_X
<Content>Great location, great room!!!   showReview(1496639, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 23, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Hotel!!!   showReview(1435478, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 3, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SarasotaLady
<Content>Great Hotel Experience!   showReview(1418315, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 22, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely wonderful hotel   showReview(1271676, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Two Friends in New York   showReview(1271010, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Renaissance, NYC Times Square!   showReview(1263230, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>In the centre of things   showReview(921730, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 21, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Am in love with the NY Renaissance!   showReview(821585, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 8, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>otterskins
<Content>Great Hotel   showReview(694130, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 5, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gute lage   showReview(20553255, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>posso tornarci quando rivado a NY   showReview(19647566, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Salesfinder
<Content>Justo en el centro de Times Square   showReview(19063118, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	3	4	3	

<Author>lophilo
<Content>Hotel super   showReview(18829910, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gerne wieder   showReview(17436204, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tolle Lage   showReview(17436203, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(16608415, 'full');   
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nous n'avons pas 茅t茅 d茅莽us   showReview(16608414, 'full');   
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>excellent etablissement id茅alement situ茅   showReview(16608411, 'full');   
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel liegt ideal im Zentrum - Super!!! :-)   showReview(16608413, 'full');   
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Die Lage ist einfach super, das Fr眉hst眉ck sehr zu emfpehlen und der Service spitze, fahre wieder hin   showReview(15571778, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Choubichou
<Content>Bonne ann茅e !   showReview(14864476, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Visite49
<Content>Tres bien situ茅 et Hotel nikel       L hotel de l'exterieur  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>aleMilano
<Content>fantastico   showReview(11475581, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>anaanon
<Content>Un hotel genial隆   showReview(8400498, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Fr眉hst眉cksraum mit Blick auf den Times Square   showReview(11402183, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent h么tel sur Times Square   showReview(11389811, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>TOSCANE
<Content>Tres chic       Facade Renaissance Hotel  
<Date>Aug 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	2	4	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>澶ф簚瓒炽仹銇欍€傘偆銉炽儐銉?..   showReview(21800898, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 19, 2006
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉栥儹銉笺儔銈︺偋銈ゃ伄鍏夈仺闊?#x201d;   showReview(19156166, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 21, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇俱仧琛屻亶銇熴亜銉汇兓銉?#x201d;   showReview(19154998, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

