<Author>Katy_Craig
<Content>Loved the Sirenis! We stayed at Sirenis Tropical Suites from 10th Dec 鈥?24 Dec 2008 through Thomas Cook. After reading reviews on Thomas Cook I was concerned about a few things. In many reviews people complain about the Dominicans coming like a 鈥榮warm of locusts鈥?at the weekend. So Friday afternoon I was prepared to stay relaxed and just go with the flow. About 5 groups of them turned up, no bother to anyone. I think people forget that these are hard working Dominicans that are paying to stay at the hotel too and deserve to be there as much as we do. Personally we found the large groups of Canadians to be much more brash and rude to the staff!! The other thing that I wasn鈥檛 looking forward to was the journey from the airport as some people had said it ruined their holiday! It was a very pleasant journey on an air conditioned bus on roads that are similar to that in England (with the odd speed bump)So if you are worried about either of the above鈥?don鈥檛 be!!We arrived at the hotel about 8pm and the check-in was so smooth and the guy on reception was typically friendly and chatty. We stayed in block F on the ground floor and although your view is another block, it is quiet and in a good location between the beach and the lobby area.The rooms are in good condition but are becoming tired but nothing that will spoil your time there. The bathrooms def could do with a re-vamp but again nothing too serious. We did have a fair number of cockroaches but this is because of the gap under your front door 鈥?put a towel down before you go to bed and this solves the problem. You are in a tropical country so there are going to be tropical creatures!!As a vegetarian and a very fussy eater food is always an issue for me but the food here was brilliant. The choice was really good and quite European, baked beans at breakfast etc which may not be everyone鈥檚 cup of tea but it suited us! We went to the Italian on three occasions, the vegetarian and the Mexican, they were all really good. I was slightly disappointed with the beach as I expected it to be on the Caribbean side (my error) with soft white sand and clear water. The beach is still nice just I had something else in my head. The weather while we were there was windy  it did rain at some point everyday.In our last week things did change as the resort got busier, people were reserving sun loungers at crack of dawn, service in the dining room wasn鈥檛 as good (not getting offered drinks etc), rooms not getting cleaned til 5pm (too late!) and quite a few loud groups of Canadians! So I鈥檓 glad we left when we did.The animation team were fantastic and really made our holiday! These members of staff work tirelessly to make sure you have a good time and do so many activities throughout the day. If you do any of the activities the staff always remember your name and say hello etc! The evening shows are entertaining with some better than others, after the shows they have the sirenis band which is really good or karaoke. We went to the disco which is ok but you do have to pay for your drinks and they are SO expensive.The trips are expensive so we only did one to Saona Island which was def worth the money, they were an hour late picking us up but we have found this the norm in the Carribean!!Our flight home by Thomas Cook was delayed by ten hours but we were allowed to stay at the Sirenis, because this was Christmas Eve we got the full gala menu which was really good and saw the nativity  Christmas show etc. You do have to que for over an hour to get your booking for the gala menu though!I cannot believe that some people have given this resort 1 star they are obviously seriously fussy. We had a brilliant time and would def return!  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>DerbyshirePalms
<Content>Wonderful Time At The Tropical Suites And Would Return       Our Room S-105  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>GordonBerkshire
<Content>NOT 5* AS THOMAS COOK SUGGEST...!! DO NOT BOOK THIS HOTEL IT IS NOT AS GREAT AS IT IS ADVERTISED...!My Wife and I just spent our much deserved Christmas break at the Serenis Hotel... It was the most terribly bad adventure we have ever taken together. Having stayed at many 5* hotels we were both very shocked and disgusted with how the Hotel rooms were presented and how the general lack of response to our complaints were met by our Thomas Cook Rep's and more importantly the Hotel Manager.Our adventure started at the airport on Christmas eve... Thomas Cook decided to cancel the morning flight without informing ud and delayed it by 7hrs, then again by another 2hrs once we reached he airport for a second time, hence we arrived at 3am at the hotel, and lost 1 evening of our supposed 5* star break.We got a deal to have a Junior Suite at the Hotel... However... the hotel decided that as paid less for our stay that would put us in a standard room instead...! Yes they down graded our room choice..!Once in our room (F202) we went to bed thinking we'd sort out the obvious problem in morning, as we were shattered.... the room smelt damp had mold in the bathroom and the decor was like a hostel. To really make our day the bed and pillows smelt of very bad body odor... it was disgusting and we slept in our clothes...We spent the best part of Christmas day trying to change our room... all the suites had been given away, and the best they could do was to transfer us to another standard room (G101)... There was absolutely no working relationship between our Thomas Cook Rep and the Hotel... The hotel just seem to do as they please even though they are committing FRAUD... The food is terrible everything is laced in salt.... if you go to one of the Ala Carte restaurants it is only the main hall food slightly re-invented... and also very bad...The wine is very very bad.. red or white equally terrible....i would recommend to anyone to not go to this hotel if you want to experience the beauty of the Caribbean. it might sound like i am being overly critical of this hotel (the beach is beautiful) however i have never heard so many other guests complain every day. Never seen such a waste of food on other guests plates, never ever heard so many people say that i can't wait to go home...i really hope that my comments get back to Serenis.... I will be dealing with Thomas Cook first thing tomorrow...  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>cornishsurfer
<Content>Fabulous resort with a twist! This is the second time to this particular hotel and to be honest it offers excellent value for money and fabulous beach location.The first week we enjoyed peace and quiet lazing around the beach and bars. The room was cleaned to an exceptional standard, and a tip to anyone would be a daily tip of a dollar which the room maids will ensure the fridge is topped up with water and beer, and a small tip at the bar now and again ensuring you will be looked after all night. The addition since the last time we visited was the addition of several restaurants including, Oriental, Italian and Steakhouse. Each one offers a good standard of interpretation from the locals. Don鈥檛 expect Chinese or Japanese chefs cooking Oriental or Italians cooking Italian...because it ain't going to happen, but a good job by the local chefs having a go. The Buffet was a good standard for the Caribbean offering a wide selection of choice.The swimming pool is massive, clean and close to the beach with two pool bars. The standard of the gardens are excellent and the entertainment is ok for couples but children will appreciate it more.Then we came to the second week on the run up the Christmas and it all changed. You may have read some reviews on here and thought hmmm. But if you look again the bad reviews mostly came from Americans...... not Canadian but Americans as they seem to expect something for nothing. Might be an idea to get their heads out of their backsides as there is a world outside the US of A.This is a fabulous resort and highly recommend if you want an adventure through local towns.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>cherrylauxx
<Content>Highly Recommended Just came back from a one-week stay at the Sirenis. We REALLY LOVED the place. The staff are so friendly and nice and really cary about having you enjoy your stay. They are not pushy however. always smiling!The alcohol is great but they put so much in the drinks that sometimes you have to tone it down a bit. There are bars everywhere (beach, pool, reception) and you will not go anywhere without the possibility of getting a drink.The location is very nice, but the beach is on the Atlantic Ocean. I think that the places more south (in the caribbean sea shore) are nicer (white sand, turquoise water).The food is good but not excellent. Everything was eatable, there was a lot of choices and nothing makes you sick. However it did not exceed my expectations. The restaurants (you get 2 per week) were very nice especially the Japanese!!The hours for the buffet however are not appropriate (breakfast closes down at 10am). So if you get up at 10h15am (you're on vacation come on!) then you must wait until 12h00 to get to the lunch buffet. that was the only negative point.THe on-site photographers offer great quality pictures with various animals for 7$US per photo.there are beach chairs for everyone and the towel service is excellent.**Do not expect to get out of the site for less than 80$US taxi because the Sirenis is WAY OUT in the island. If you are looking for a relaxing pool/beach week, this is the place to go to!THE SHARK AND RAY excursion is DEFINETLY WORTH IT!!!! (about 80$US for the day per person)  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>imnearwestfallsNY
<Content>For Best Experience, Go With NO Expectations       Flamingo  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>immagic
<Content>Avoid This Horror Hotel! Terrible Place I read the reviews and was not sure what to expect....Let me tell you some of our highlights..... We check into 2 rooms after spending the whole day traveling from NY to get there.....yes it took 1 1/2 hours from airport to hotel on bumpy road.....ok so the roads not great but I wasnt going to complain about that.....check into the rooms..... in one room we see hundreds of small bugs climbing the wall.....look at bed, the bugs are in the bed.....back to front desk....instead of hearing how sorry they are...it was like we were bothering them with some petty problem like not having enough towels....HELLO BUGS... no way.... so after 2 hours they find us some other room.....now we are like 3 blocks walking distance from main lobby...what a pain...but at least no bugs.... FOOD... you will not starve....but believe me it sucks....the quality of the meat is sub par.... worse the standards that they cook it are even worse.... many people had food poisioning at the hotel...of course that did not shock me....PEOPLE... hotel staff does not work for tips...so they could care less..... The hotel is a mix like the UN, I actually enjoyed meeting people from all over the world....France, Germany, Canada etc... I would say very few from US...OTHER HOTELS... we visited several other hotels up and down the beach....many offered much better food, service, rooms, etc...SHOPPING....NOTHINGthe hotel gym is a joke, they advertise a shooting range and a golf practice tee, I walked over to this area.... it look like no one had used either of these in years.....SAVE YOUR MONEY..... BOOK A TRIP SOMEWHERE ELSE!!!!Even leaving they made up phone charges of $17 for 3 calls from our room which we made to another hotel to see if we could switch hotels.... we could not leave the premise until we paid this fake charge...my happy moment....leaving this lame excuse of a hotel......DONT KNOW WHERE THEY CAME UP WITH 4 STARS.... I have stayed in the US at 2 Star hotels that offered better service, cleaner rooms, and better food!MAID SERVICE... oh I guess if they change your towel and make your bed you should be happy!ALL INCLUSIVE LIQUOR.... the low quality liquors were all watered down, hard to believe in this day and age but truePRICES FOR TOURS...like horseback riding, ATV, etc.... they make up different pricing for everyone.... We paid $20 for horseback riding.... other people who got pissed when we told em that told us they paid $50 for the same thing....ATV STORY...my wife at 7:30 pm on night was in the lobby trying to stop a woman from hysterics since her husband and small boy went out at 3pm.... they got back an hour and 3/4 late since the group rode in complete darkness.... this man was scared out of his wits....BEACH.... unsafe, strangers selling drugs, etc.... water extremely rough....WEATHER.... VERY VERY WINDY..... we had a bad spell where it rained a bit each day...that I will not blame on the hotel....that was just unlucky on our partCASINO.... rigged, I watch as dealer cheated several times...this I kept to myself as I did want to start this type of issue... but stacking the deck and second dealing occured several times...AGAIN ALL I CAN SAY IS THAT I WILL NOT BE BACK TO THIS HOTEL!!!  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>tashablue
<Content>better than imagined I had studied trip advisor before i travelled and was wary over certain issues however these were cancelled out after a day there. The italian and japanese restaurants are fab and i am fussy when it comes to restaurants. the steakhouse was okay but didnt have the same restaurant atmosphere as the other two. didnt try any others. Entertainment very cheesy but they do make a lot of effort so at least it is lively, however we sat near bar at the few tables as its very loud and seats are in rows in front of the stage so its not very sociable as too loud to talk. Staff are the nicest i have ever come across and i am fairly well travelled. This is the main factor that would make me revisit as they were friendly and helpful without being pushy or expecting tips. However we did tip here and there as they do deserve it.Trip from airport is at least an hour so visit toilet first, however the roads are not that bad if compared to our country lanes, from what i had read i was expecting a lot worse.Beach is beautiful however once you start to walk away from the hotel area it is a stark contrast with a lot of rubbish on the beach.you also get mithered a lot by sellers so we only ventured down the beach once as this is not our cup of tea. if your just sunbathing in front of hotel its okay.I read about the sunrise on trip advisor and made the effort twice to get up at six thirty and watch it. it is well worth it. one day was cloudy and not so good but the other day was beautiful as the whole sky was pink and the sun was bright red. well worth it. Rooms are nice and cleaned very well. didnt notice it there but when got home all our luggage smelled musty. no big deal though.Airport is nice, not the shack i was expecting.we went for a friends wedding and the photographer who is on site taking photos all day is very good and the day went really well.I would return but would try a different hotel in the hope that the staff would be as nice else where as i always like to try new places.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Had88
<Content>Nice place, could be improved All in all we had an enjoyable time at the Sirenis with no major complaints. The staff were friendly and helpful. The food was pretty good with good variety. The Chinese restaurant is recommended, the Italian was not so good. We didnt get a chance to try the steak house or mexican but we didnt hear great things (although all of these have to be booked and you are only allowed to book two per week you are there).The spa and gym was very basic but useable.The beach was very nice and being set in the palm grove was very picturesque. The pool was very big and sun loungers were always available. The main complaints were that there was no beach bar of any description open in the evening or night. This to us was a huge draw back and a real shame when in such a beautiful setting.There were also a lot of families, which is fine, but not what we were looking for.With regards to the resort you really have to stay in your hotel. If you want to go out you have to do a day trip (some of which were great and definately worth while).All in all this was a nice holiday we enjoyed.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>missS_8
<Content>fantasic holiday Me and my boyfriend have just returned from a stay in the Sirenis Tropical suites, we only went for a week but I would of been quite happy to stay for a lot longer.We stayed in room H006 it was on the ground floor so has a terrace balcony and was based near to the main path but was still private. The room itself was a little tired and warnout in places but the beds were comfy the room was very clean so overall had no reason to complain. Our maid was very friendly , I was dissapointed that I only got a few animal shaped towels and flowers but one couple we got chatting to got flower petals in thier bed everyday with different towel arangements (Each block seemed to have its own maid and they obviously do there own thing)I cannot fault the staf in the hotel they were always so friendly and happy to see you, and assist in anyways they could, what we did find though esp with the barmen if you leave a tip on your first visit to the bar you did seem to get your drinks alot quicker the rest of the week. I recommend the cocktails, I think me and my boyfriend worked are way through the entire list.The buffet restuarant where you have, breakfast lunch and dinner is huge, we never had a problem finding anywhere to sit and the staff again filling your glasses up with water, wine etc even if its only a little empty, one thing I can say is you will never be hungry im quite a fussy eater but there is such a big varitey that even I was happy.The pool and beach are lovely I couldnt actually believe how quiet the hotel was, always a sunlounger free and the fact that you can swap your towels asoon as they get too wet or dirty was a plus, the swim up bar was a great place to meet different people a real socialising place.The only time the hotel seemed busy was at the weekend when the locals were about but they mainly just stayed to themselves and again they are all very friendly.You wll never be bored in the evenings the entertainments team work SO hard, they put on shows everynight from dirty dancing to Greese, A few of them can speak nearly 5 languages so that you dont feel left out, very friendly always getting you invoved with things and VERY energetic (I dont know how they can do it)All in all loved this hotel and my week here will definelty be going back it was a fantasic holiday.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>kylesBuckinghamshire
<Content>HOLIDAY TO REMEMBER The booking in procedure when we arrived at the hotel was alittle slow as they wanted quite a bit of details before they handed the keys to your accomodation, but needless to say its just their procedure.Reception/LobbyI thought it was quite grand huge fresh flower display and all reception staff very well presentedLobby BarWas kept very tidy and clean The drinks were fab cocktails looked great. If you didnt fancy sitting at the bar you could sit in the lobby area and young assistants would take your order and bring them to you.Sometimes it was so much easier to do this as sadly I do believe he was the head barman if you didnt tip him he would ensure that people who had would be served 1st. My husband did get quite irrate about it The barman knew he was waiting but would leave him standing there, he wasnt always serving but just having a laugh with the regular holiday makers who stayed there for the duration if their holiday. Young lady bar assistants work very very hard they are the ones that deserve the tips!!!!RoomWas comfortable and clean, in need of a lick of paint in some areas, however with the amount of people that stay at this hotel it was very exceptable. We were in room S 106 overlooking the pool and to the left the sea through the palm trees. As we had a palm tree growing through our roof we was always guarenteed to see our faithful friends Lizard / Newt. It was so amazing to see them changing colour. I was alittle disapponted as we never had a novelty made out of towels even if you tipped the cleaner!!!RestaurantsBuffetCould not fault always a very large selection of food hot or cold to choose from and service on right hand side of the enterance was spot on. My daughter is a very very fussy eater and she ate good meals morning, noon and night and she is a veggie!!!! She loved it.Mexican Was ok we all had our starters and they were great however my main meal was wire Tacos shredded beef and sadly this was cold and was meant to be hot!!! However they were very apolgetic and head man was quite upset to know that he had let us down. My husband however had no complaints.Steakhouse Im not a big meat eater but when I do my meat must be well cooked I had the burger but to me looked slightly pink so couldnt eat it, my husband did point out that it was a hamburger but by this time I had put myself off of it. My husbands said he was steak was cooked just right and was very tender he rated it very well. Please note I had the apple pie do not have it the base of it you would have needed a chisle to get through it and thats no exaggeration.ItalianWas fantastic!!!! The decor was amazing so posh a great evening had by all.JapaneseNever tried but heard that it was goodVegetarianNever tried and didint hear anyone talk about it guess its not very popular.Entertainment Well they made our holiday without a doubt. They work very very hard and put on some fab and funny shows. The funniest had to be Miss Serenis and the most amazing was fire and water around the pool breath taking is all i can say!!! They were all worth watching without a doubt.They made you feel so welcome my son got very attached to Barney and would go to lunch together it was a sad day when we had to say goodbye to him my son just cried that much it really touched him that he meant so much to him. Spagetti and James Bond well they were just hilarious . BeachWas beautiful clear seas and plenty of sun beds the chicken bar was brilliant for lunch.Hotel surroundingsWas lovely and kept to a very high standard the gardeners worked very hard in the heat as your fridge is always topped up with water we tended to give the gardners our water but they always felt that they had to return a coconut for your kind thought.ExcursionsWe never went on any with our rep, but did go to MANATI PARK to swim with th dolphins $85 each had a great time Thomas cook wanted us to pay $300 each to fly to the North of the island. They said that wildlife had been to MANATIt and was not happy but we never noticed anything that the animals were being mistreated others who also went on this trip said the same thing If you fancy this trip go and see Yadi carrabien excursions at his desk who will get it all booked up for you. Highly recommend.One really down side was the first weekend we was there we were swamped with holiday domincans. They really took over the place and must admit felt like I was second class citizen. That was their bank holiday, though our other weekend they did also arrive but not in mass or as such it was not as noticeableIf you have any items that you would like to leave behind offer staff I left some clothes, shoes and toiletries they were so touched.Anyway I could go on and on had so much good things to say about this place, but my last thing I will say is us british could learn alot from these so happy hard working dominicans who do not have much in life. One excellant holiday. Hoping to book our return next year LOVED IT  
<Date>Nov 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>scosta
<Content>Absolutely amazing My Boyfriend and I just got back from a 1 week vacation at the Sirenis Tropical Resort, and we absolutely loved it. The hotel is very nice and well maintained. The food was good. The best part would have to be the Entertainment Team. They were so friendly and very funny. They always made sure everyone was having a good time. My Boyfriend and I loved; Will Smith (Richard), Spaghetti, James Bond, Breaker, and the rest of them were also very good. They all work very well together and they are out the whole day. They also had excellent shows every single night. All in all we had a FANTASTIC stay and would recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>danwo
<Content>Good hotel but not for water-sports just returned from a week at the Sirenis, The hotel is very nice and well maintained, food excellent and the animation team is fantastic with tons of energy from morning to late at night. Excellent shows every single night. However, there is no possibility for any water sports. The beach is being hit by the waves which makes snorkling almost impossible with not much visibility. Not enough space for windsurfing or Hobie-cat (only 2 boards in fair condition + and very important..make sure you take the 10$ insurance being offered since you will certainly hit one of the many reefs and break something which will cost you big $$$) . I found the 1 hour drive to all excursions a bit rough on those roads. The 20 Mins helicopter ride from the hotel helipad was just fantastic, I highly recommend it. Will probably go back to Punta cana some day but will certainly pick a hotel closer to the main attractions' sites next time and with a nice beach with ample of space for water sports. Almost forgot, make sure to book your attractions tours on Sunday and Monday when the Locals are coming-in and take over the resorts.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	3	4	3	

<Author>roger_nsf
<Content>Fantastic Sirenis We were due to go to Egypt until XL collapsed, so booked Sirenis 6 weeks before travel.The airport at Punta Cana is small but very fast.......what a refreshing change......you pay, get a stamp, go thro' passport control and all that takes 5 mins.The hotel is 1 hour min from the airport, we prebooked a taxi for $70 and to be honest, you would not normally get into such a vehicle at home, surely didnt have a MOT!!The roads to the hotel are sometimes ok and frequently dire, with big speed humps.Arrived at Sirenis, and the hotel is a dual complex split down the middle...........to the right is Sirenis Cocotal, and the Suites are to the left...........really its one complex with buildings with 16 suites or 30 rooms.......all facilities are shared.We were with our 3 children so had 2 suites next door to eachother in building L, midway between the beach and the reception/restaurant.The rooms were clean, well equiped bathrooms with A/C and a fan. Only once was there a shortage of hot water, but wait 15 mins and it comes thro'.The reastaurant is good, plenty of choice......meats, pasta cooked for you, salads etc etc........the usual things but plentiful, hot and good quality. Mexican eve on Tues (?) meant you could make up your own Fahitas.........fantastic.......even better than mine at home.If there is not a meat you fancy, just to the left of the pasta station is a cabinet with meat in it.............these are meats that can be cooked to order, not well signed, but an extra option.All drinks are served to you at the table..........very nice too.You can book 2 times a week an A la Carte restaurant.........there are Mexican and Steakhouse (which is the beach buffet during the day), Japanese/Chinese, Italian and 2 other which we didnt go to. The Steakhouse is good.........get yr steak medium to well at least...... the Japanese is great, the whole meal is cooked in front of you, the Italian is fab, the food is good and the decor would shame a swanky restaurant in Milan !!!!The beach is large and has plenty of beds.......during our stay, they put out questionaires, and I made 2 comments..........some shade near the BBQ on the beach, and spraying the foliage near reception....it could be a bit mozzie, and within the day, umbrellas had been put out on the beach, and the foliage was cut back and sprayed..........a management team that asks, listens and reacts........top marks.At weekends they do let students/families in, some work as well, and it can get a bit noisy on the right hand side of the pool where there is a swim up bar and waterpolo etc, so join in, or go to the other swim up bar which is quieter and have a couple of Lumumba's............brandy and choc mix.......like a McDonalds milkshake with brandy.....YUM.......The hotel is near no-where so it is very much a stay on resort kind of place, so go, chill and relax...........and get a tan...........oh and if you really get bored, go and count the number of palm trees, I guess there over 2000 !!!All in all we had a FANTASTIC stay and would recommend the hotel.........even to my mother, and she IS fussy.!!!!Contact me if you wish.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>newlyweds20
<Content>Lovely holiday and wedding       Pool view from our room  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Sun_Lover_Wales
<Content>Great time at the Sirenis Just come back from a 2 week stay at the Sirenis Tropical Suites... and i must say i had a lovely time!The hotel is very big as it is made up of two hotels- the other being the Sirenis Cocotal Beach Resort. Its all the same hotel really, just different receptions and it mirrors the tropical side of the hotel. I think the only difference is that the Cocotal side has higher rise apartments than the Tropical Side.I was really concerned about the weather before i went as reports said that there were tropical storms etc. Whilst there the weather was great! It was very hot in the day and only a few cloudy mornings and if it did rain (only a few occasions) it would only last 20 mins, of which you could sit under the umbrellas etc. The sun would be back out after that. It was also very warm in the eve's, so def no need for jackets etc!Here are some comments on the different aspects of the hotel;ROOM- We had a tropical junior suite which was made up of a bathroom, bedroom with two double beds and a living area - sofa/bed, tv and chair/table. There was a balcony area with a table  2 chairs. The room was nice  clean and the maids came every day to replenish the towels, change the beds etc. The fridge was also stocked with water  soft drinks every day (no charge). Ours was in block T which was at the bottom of the resort but right next to the pool  beach. In the 2nd week we had a iron  board and also a coffee/tea maker put in the room. Altho the coffee maker plug wouldnt fit in the socket!FOOD  DRINK- There are two buffet restaurants altho one was closed as the hotel wasnt full. The food here was really nice, plenty of choice and always fresh. I think i only got bored one night when it was a dominican theme. I didnt experience any bad tummy upsets while on holiday. There were also 5 a la cartes, of which you can have 2 reservations per week, but if you enquire in the morning you may be able to get a last min booking. All restaurants were very big and well decorated. The Italian  The Jade (japanese/chinese) was the best in my opinon. The drinks were great, all the main soft drinks available- proper coke  sprite etc. The cocktails were also great  a huge selection. In the lounge/reception area you can have waitress service to your table.BEACH  POOL- The pool was huge! There were always plenty of sunbeds with shade. The pool was kept clean every day and the swim up bars were great, i spent most of the time at the quieter side of the pool. The beach was really nice  breezey, plenty of sunbeds again. I was a tad disapointed with the sea as it was a bit cloudy due to the sand, but nice  warm to swim in. The further up the beach you go you tend to find a bit of rubbish washed up from the sea. The sand was a light golden colour, but plenty of palm trees for that caribbean feel.ENTERTAINMENT- I only went to a few evening shows which were held in a theatre type of area. These were mainly dance shows, the dancers are really good and tried really hard but the shows were a bit samey - altho i really liked the dirty dancing one! Afterwards was usually a live band or something. There is also a casino - which i went in once and a disco after 11pm, which i didnt go to as was usually too tired! There were a few english channels on the TV so found myself heading back to the room to watch a movie.TRIPS- The reps sold trips, of which we went on one - the reef explorer at $85 each. This was a half day trip which was to snorkel with sting rays and sharks. It was a nice trip, altho a tad expensive. We did book another - Isla Catalina at $125 each, but after hearing reports about there being a long transfer and it being a tad disapointed, we cancelled and got a refund. There are people that sell trips around the pool at cheaper prices, but we didnt bother with these either. But i dont think people had problems. The reps recommend you dont book with these due to the insurance/cancellation policies.I did read reports of the local people coming to the hotels at the weekend, i think we were lucky in our time there as i didnt really notice too many locals at the hotel and there was still plenty of space at the pool etc and no major inpact when dining.All in all i'd def recommend this hotel!  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>buchananGlasgow
<Content>peacefull haven.       jade restaurant  
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DominicanWedding2008
<Content>Fantastic weddinf day       walking down to the beach  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ioana77
<Content>Nice but not fantastic We stayed at this hotel for a week and had the bad luck to get three days of continuous rain. But I will not let this interfere with my opinion of the resort. I noticed many people exaggerate the bad things or the good things in their reviews, so don't believe everything you read, as this hotel is neither a bad place nor an excellent one. It is an average, nice and pleasant, maximum four star hotel. THE GOOD - everything is very clean, from the rooms to the restaurants and bars - the entertainment team is THE BEST! They always have a smile on their faces and try to put one on yours. Go to the the evening shows, you will definitely have a good laugh. - the buffet food is very good and you have plenty to choose from. - I didn't feel like they were waiting for tips, I always got the drinks I wanted from the bars even if I tipped or not.THE BAD - the food at the a la carte restaurants is horrible. We tried the Mexican - completely tasteless, we couldn't eat it, don't waste your time going there. The Japanese - the show is alright, as they cook in front of you, the starters (sushi) were good but the main course was too oily and heavy; it was better than Mexican but still not something you would go back to. The Steak House - the chicken wings for starters were not barbecued, as one may think, they were battered and deep fried and worse than KFC. The main course - you could find better food at the buffet. - the resort was not at full capacity, I think it wasn't even 50% occupied. This meant that one buffet was closed completely and some restaurants were closed on certain evenings, so it was quite a challenge to manage to book them. For example we couldn't book the seafood restaurant because it was open only on a couple of evenings and it was 'fully booked' those days. We booked other two restaurants for 6:30pm because they only had tables at that time, they said, but when we got there the restaurants were almost empty for the whole evening. I think they just wanted you to go there early so that they can close early. - if you have the bad weather and rain (and believe me, rain here doesn't stop for days, once it starts), prepare for getting horribly bored. There is nothing to do, except sit at the bar and drink. There are no shopping opportunities on the resort, the very few shops at the entrance were closed most of the time. There is a big screen in the lobby and another one in the theatre so we were wandering why they didn't put some good movies to keep people occupied. There is no chance to go somewhere else as the roads are very bad and covered in water so it is impossible to leave the resort. And the hotel is too far away from everything anyway . - the shops on the resort are very expensive. I bought some hand made photo albums then I found the same albums cheaper at the airport. - DON'T GO TO THE LOBSTER PARTY - This was the worst waste of time and money we ever experienced. We paid $40 per person only to find the same food as at the buffet, plus a tray with lobster halves that didn't even taste very good. I thought maybe they would present different dishes of lobster, or lobster cooked in different ways, but they didn't bother. They only bothered to put the price up and cash your money. Also I got urticaria (skin rash) from this lobster, and three days after I came back from holdiay I am still scratching all over. CONCLUSIONMy overall opinion of this resort is not bad, although it appears that I have more things to say about the bad. I just wanted to give more details so people know. I did have a nice time and enjoyed the sun, the beach, the sea and the pool, which is why you go on holiday after all. I was happy with the service, the food at the buffet and the drinks. But I would not go back. This resort is maybe too isolated for us. If you already booked at Sirenis, go there and have a good time. You will enjoy it. If you haven't booked yet and are looking for a resort, consider the following things before choosing Sirenis: - the hotel is more than an hour drive from the airport, and the roads in Dom Rep are very bad. Therefore all the excursions you might want to go on will take longer travelling, even more than 2 hours by bus. If the weather gets bad, you cannot go out of the resort and maybe visit a city like Santo Domingo, for example, because you are too far away from it. - if you want to take a two weeks holiday, the food will seem repetitive, you will get tired of it and of all the cocktails and drinks. It might be too long time to spend in the same place.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>3	5	5	2	5	5	5	2	

<Author>IpswichGeordieboy
<Content>Never ever again Have just returned from this complex, which if you are or can speak Spanish then stand a chance to be treated as a human being.Without doubt this was probably the worst holiday held over a 30 year period.Booked through Thomas Cook, and have just sent them a 5 page letter of complaints.Food was reasonable if you could fight your way through 400+ Dominicans who were visiting, we then became 2nd class citizens.If you think of visiting then take plently of sprays etc for the mosquitoes, they give you more attention then the hotel staff.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>1	3	2	1	2	3	2	2	

<Author>chez2usa
<Content>All inclusive ?????? This was our 2nd time to Punta Cana - Just returned from 8 days booked through Apple Vacations and Sirenis is an over rate resort that does not know what ALL INCLUSIVE means.The Bad:- Attempts to charge for meals - Wed. night lobster $30.00- Only 1 buffet that closed often- In 8 days could only book at nice resturant 4 x - Bars would run out of drinks (until you would tip)- $20 tips are nothing - Stay away from the shops on the resort (buy a soda and pay $6)- Resort is showing its age / although they are making improvements (as early as 7 am power tools will wake you up)The Good:- Very clean- Shows are great- Employees friendly- Maid service 2 - 3 times per day- Food is outstanding- Check in / out very fastSirenis is over rated at a 4 * - the highest I would give is a strong 3. (compared with a 5*). We will go back to the DR but not to this resort  
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Montreal_BeachBabe
<Content>Simple and pleasent       Surrounding Landscape  
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>diamondtone
<Content>Sweet Sirenis       Main Buffet Restaurant  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>han78
<Content>A total chill-out Just returned from two weeks at the Sirenis Tropical Suites, Punta Cana, and can honestly say that we would go back again. The staff, from the room maids to the entertainment team were cheerful and determined to make your time at the resort an enjoyable one. We did not take part in everything the resort had to offer as we opted to chill out and spend our days at the pool or at the beach - if we had wanted, there was a schedule of activities to take part in day and night. The food was average, some nights good, but the buffet style was a bit monotonous after two weeks - we did opt for the Italian and Japanese a couple of times and these were OK and made a nice change to queueing up with a plate. The Steak House and Mexican were to be avoided on a night unless you didn't mind being eaten alive by mosquitos. We had a junior suite room which was comfortable with air-con and a mini-fridge stocked daily with water and soft drinks - we left a daily tip of 100 pesos for the maid which ensured a well stocked mini-fridge and a swan made out of a hand towel every day - bless! The entertainment team were first rate, with the chance to win prizes from activities they arranged during the day to having a laugh and watching a decent show at night - followed by the Sirenis band or karaoke. Watch out for 'Spaghetti' who was hilarious!Weekends were inundated with locals which made competition for loungers on the pool or beach and the place did feel crowded at these times. By the way the beach was ideal for sun-bathing with a lovely breeze - the pool was good for the swim up bar but was roasting hot - wear sandals when walking about the pool area!Would recommend the resort for both families and couples. The pool and beach outside the Steak House area was more suited for couples perhaps with being more chilled out the other pool area was where the entertainment team led activities and was enjoyed more by young families.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	4	4	

<Author>shaylikespink
<Content>Great Resort!! We went with Nolitours from August 17th-24th and the experience was fantastic!!! We are a couple in our mid-20s and have between us have visited many all inclusive resorts.CHECK IN: The drive from the airport is about an hour and it really isn鈥檛 as bad as other people have said. It can be bumpy at times, but it never felt unsafe (we had a good driver who avoided pot-holes). When we arrived, it was an efficient process (especially since there was a family of 24 people in front of us in line!). We had a drink in our hands within seconds of arriving. We had requested a king bed in advance, but were given a room with two double beds. The staff was able to accommodate us the next day with no problem.ROOM: The room was fine. We did not spend very much time in the room, so it didn鈥檛 matter much to us. We would recommend that you keep your doors and patio doors closed so bugs do not get in. We were in block N with a patio that overlooked the pool. Water/Pop was replenished daily in our bar fridge. We left the maid some dollar store gifts and a couple dollars here and there, which didn鈥檛 seem to make a big difference. FOOD: For the Dominican Republic, the food was amazing. We ate at the buffet for breakfast every day. There was not a huge variety between days, but there was enough difference that you could eat something new every day. The service in the buffet is good, although sometimes slow if there are a lot of people there. We had lunch once in the buffet, because most days, we ate snacks (hamburgers, fries, crepes, etc) by the beach/pool. The crepes were delicious! We ate dinner at the buffet once on the night we arrived and it was good.A LA CARTES: We ate every night at the restaurants. If you book the day of or the day before, you should have no problem.- Steakhouse: It was okay. We both had a sirloin and it was fine. The appetizer plate appeared rather sketchy. We tasted it, and one of us likely was sick because of it.- Japanese: The food was delicious. The atmosphere was unique. The sushi wasn鈥檛 that great, but everything else was good. We went twice.-Italian: It was good. There was a great selection of pizzas, pasta, meats etc. -Vegetarian: It was delicious. The atmosphere was good. Almost all the dishes are made of soy.-Mediterranean: There is a huge salad bar (comprised of fried fish and salad for the most part). Our meals were good. The fish was delicious.-Mexican: We did not try it because of the reviews we read.DRINKS: We tipped a bartender on the first day and he was very quick to serve us every time after that. The drinks were delicious. Make sure you try the Brandy Alexander, Coco Loco, Mamajuana (sometimes referred to as Dominican Viagra!). There is only one beer on tap (Presidente) but it was great. All the bars close at 1am except the disco (you have to pay). The casino closes at 3am.BEACH/POOL: We never had problem finding a palapa to sit under (we usually arrived to the beach after 10am). The beach was nice, with lots of waves in the Atlantic Ocean. Kayaking is fun when it is wavy, usually in the afternoon. The pool was okay. There were a lot of kids. There are two swim up bars. Beware: the bars played the EXACT same 10-15 songs EVERY DAY ALL DAY! You鈥檒l know them very well by the time you leave.ENTERTAINMENT: We visited the gym once and it was mediocre at best. There were only two working cardio machines, but you sweat enough in the heat that it鈥檚 okay. There were a decent number of weights. We did not take part in very many events. We tried aqua aerobics and it was fun. The shows were pretty boring for us, but other people seemed to enjoy them. The live band was great and the atmosphere was fun. We went to the disco once and it was fine (we were not there for very long). The casino has a couple of tables, roulette and slots. We played blackjack and it was fun (maybe because we won money!). We did a merengue dance lesson, which was fun. The animation staff were very lively and worked extremely hard, with long days. We were VERY impressed.SERVICE: VERY VERY GOOD! The staff was extremely friendly at all times. We were very impressed.TRIPS: We took the Bavaro Runners trip. It included horseback riding, visiting a Dominican lady鈥檚 house, a sugar cane plantation, watching cigar rolling, authentic Dominican lunch, a view of a school, a visit to a local beach and lots to drink throughout. We thought the trip was well worth the $85 and recommend it.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	5	2	5	5	-1	

<Author>I-love-my-holidays79
<Content>Relaxing and lived up to expectations My boyfriend and I stayed in this hotel in Feb 2008 for one week. We are in our late 20s and wanted to go leave London for a relaxing week in the sun, which is what we got! From the minute we got to the hotel to when we had to leave I was in a very relaxed holiday mood without worries or concerns (could have been the rum, though...). The hotel was clean and most of the staff very friendly. The entire hotel area, which was quite big, was very nicely looked after and you could go for strolls and look at the flowers and birds. I was slightly worried that there would not be enough things to do, but there were plenty. The good thing is that you can do just as little or as much as you want, so you can customise your holiday that way.Saona Island is a must! This one day trip is something you cannot miss as you will visit a paradise island and enjoy a beautiful boatride. Other things we did were to go for a little shopping trip (not recommended) and to go on speed boats and snorkel (good) and in the hotel we played tennis, had a massage and went paragliding.The reason I am (in spite of all the good things) not giving this hotel a higher rating than a 3 (would do 3.5 if possible) is that the beach was not as nice as we expected and this was important to us as we are not big fans of the pool. Also, the wine was terrible so I suggest you bring your own if you are not happy to drink beer or cocktails for a week. The food in the main restaurant was ok, there was always something you could eat, but it was not great. We tried one of the other restaurants one night but it was just awful, so don't bother trying to book one of those!Overall, I have a feeling many of the hotels are quite similar in this area, and there really is not anything wrong with this one even though it's not perfect and it may be too big to give you a luxury feeling but we did have a really nice stay anyway.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	3	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>duncanmccann
<Content>A Great Relaxing Holiday My partner and I whent to the Sirenis Tropical Suites earlier this year.Beach and pool were great, food was not too bad some stuff better than others, the drink is terrible! I just stayed with draft beer in the end.The rooms were fine but need updating. Mozzies were massive take insect spray. If you go off site some places in the mountains dont take US dollers. I enjoyed the holiday and with it been all inclusive we had spare cash to do everything. You must try the helecopter flight! 150 dollers.The only real negative is that i returned to the UK with a bacterial infection in my stomach from the food and had to have two weeks off work and was in hospital for two nightsGreat for weight loss as I lost a stone!I really enjoyed my time there but you take a russian rulette with the food, my partner ate the same as me and was ok.Duncan  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MAPLELEAFS9
<Content>Hate buffet !!!! a quick review for you all. we stayed at sirenis tropical hotels from aug04 - aug11 2008. five of us age 49,27,27,13,4. we paid $4800 Canadian after taxescheck in/ - TAKES ABOUT 20-30 MINS TO FILL UP FORMSlobby/ -BIG AND CLEANfront of hotel/- UGLY AND UNCLEANsize of hotel/- BIG AND be prepared to walk and walkroom/- ON THE TROPICAL SIDE IS VERY NICE ROOM WITH LIVING ROOM AND BATHROOMbeach/- I GIVE ....... 3 OUT OF 5 ........... NOT AS NICE AS CUBAactivities/- ......... THE ANIMATION CREWS ARE VERY LAZY TO PROMOTE THEIR ACTIVITESfood/ - 1. mexican ..... OKAY2. steak house ........... GOOD3. jade .............OKAY4. vip .................BAD (LOBSTER VERY VERY SALTY)5. dinner buffet ......... BAD (SAME FOOD EVERY DAY)6. breakfast buffet ...BAD (SAME FOOD)7. barbecue .... GOOD8. all soups are salty !!!9. italian ..... OKAYstaff/- ......... VERY FRIENDLYbar pool/- ........ EASY TO GET DRINKspa/- ....... VERY OLDgym/- .... OLD AND UGLYanimation shows/- ..... super very very boring! I was falling sleep.Disco/- .......... need much more english songsWe did have some fun on the first 3 days. After that it was kinda boring. boring boring  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	4	3	4	3	

<Author>caribbeankings
<Content>Excellent Value I traveled here in December 2007 with my boyfriend, friends and siblings. We were a group of 10. It was a great vacation. There were some first timers to the carribean along with us. The price was really good. Good drinks, excellent entertainment and activities. The food was good, the beach amazing and the pool was deep :) All of us had a great trip and think of it often.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>yatnna
<Content>love everything i have been twice at sirenis, the first time it was like not excellent but the second was sooooo good... I have never ever been in a resort with such a great service... oH MY GOD they are always soo happy and they want to please and make u get many pounds lol i would say that it is a really good resort to have fun, to relax in the spa, lots of kids activities, sirenis band and so...  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	2	5	5	5	5	

<Author>critic_8
<Content>Family Destination Travel Dates July 27-08 - Aug 03-08My husband and I just returned from our time vacation.In general we had a nice time. At check in/out we worked with Mohamad and Palliany....both are SUPER, GREAT, FUNNY and will REALLY try and help you with or solve a problem/concern you may have!!!TRUST ME GO TO THEM!!!!We booked through APPLE VACATIONS.To us this was much more a family resort than a romantic/relaxing couples vacation. But great for families at that!! The resort is HUGE, as is the pool. To us the pool was a very comfortable temperture, however in the shallower areas it could get to warm. There are two swim-up bars both, near the shallow childrens area. This can be a good thing and a bad thing depending on how your traveling, i.e..with or with out children. The pool area restrooms need to be attended to more often. A problem we noticed with the pool bars was that, both bars offer hard plastic (washable) and soft plastic (throw away) cups. As the day went on and more drinks were poured more and more plastic (throw away) cups ended up in the pool. This becomes a safety hazard for the children and not to mention poor hygiene for everyone. Way to many people/families/kids left stuff (cups, dishes, silverwarem etc,) lay around. LEAD BY EXAMPLE, PICK UP AFTER YOUR SELF.There is one bar on the beach, and if Henry is there he's the one to become friendly with. He is pleasant, smiley and attentative. Tips are VERY MUCH appreciated. There are also beach attendents and the only one we really became familiar with was Antonio, he too always crossed the beach to see if we need a fresh drink. The beach has grill open only for a few hours a day. Here they offer chicken, burgers, hot dogs and french fries. In between the main and specialty restuarant hours you can find something to nibble on somewhere, sometimes this was a pain but we survived.The main buffet area was pleasant and air conditioned. A pretty good variety of foods daily(breakfast, lunch and dinner.) All of which have a cook to order area. Just go out on a limb and try something new you maybe pleasantly surprised. After all did you really go on vacation to eat exactly what you can get at home?! There are several specialty type restuarants: Japanese, Mexican, Italian and a Steakhouse. We ate at all of them and there was something good at each. But in some the main was just average.On Wed. nights they offer a beach Lobster party. You have to pay $30/adult and $15/children. This was very nice. It is an all you can eat type. You tell me, where else can you get an all you can eat lobster dinner for $30. Our advise is to arrive early, this way you are not waiting for another large pan of tails to come out.There are numours bars througout the complex. We stayed primarily at main/lobby bars. Here there are a couple wonderful servers as well. Phillipe an Unforgettable smile that has no end reminded me of Nat King Cole. Felix also was high on the list for great service. The main lobby restrooms are HOT, not alot of air circulating in there but clean.The activities team were a group of great guys. They will entertain you with gamesl, dance lessons and aerobics. Two that really stand out are Spaghetti and Chico Rico. Spaghetti is talent that needs to be discovered, he has to much talent to go unnoticed. Chico Rico is flat out funny, he just turned 24 so if you travel soon wish him a belated birthday. Isreal is great also.Remember these guys work the evening show too. The WHOLE team works so hard from sun up to way past sun down. If you don't like their work appreciate them for their commitment!!!!!!! The evening shows were charming. Funny, silly and entertaining.Our room attendent/s did a nice job as well. A couple of evenings when we came in there was a swan made from towels with flowers and another time the bathroom was dressed with flowers as well. We tipped daily. I also purchased school supplies and left something daily for the attendent. i.e..... crayons, paints, pencils, colored pencils and glue sticks. These families I believe really appreciate these small gifts. Room service was availiable free of charge to us (some others also) , from 7am to 11pm (order before 10:30pm) Food was great as was the service, timely too.My husband played the tables abit and he says if your lucky enough to sit at a table with players that know how to play, you might do o.k, but if your not....get out!!!The disco was the cleanest/nicest looking disco we have been in yet. We've gone to higher rated hotels and the disco's were pretty gross. Great music...local and homestead type. I love all music so as long as there is a beat I'm happy.One real sour event was we booked an off resort excursion with an on resort (beach) not our tour rep. BE WARNED!!! This guys name was Happy Man, mind you this guy or his company has a permit to sell on this beach via the hotel. This guy misrepresented himself and his machines (four wheelers) SSSOOOO POURLY!!!!Great sales guy, but definetly 'THE BAIT AND SWICH. Play it safe, it may cost a bit more but, BOOK WITH YOUR TOUR REPRESENTATIVE!!!!!!So travel safe, have fun, don't sweat the little stuff, but let someone know if something is not right. Beacause if no one speaks up it will continue to go unresolved. I will post pictures as soon as I can;)  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	5	4	3	

<Author>MemberToronto_Canada
<Content>Great Value We Just returned from Sirenis Tropical Suites on Aug 1/08. The hotel is clean and well maintained, however, as others have pointed out it is out in the countryside quite far from the airport. This is not a bad thing should you be looking for a relaxing place away from the congestion of the more popular hotel areas. Most of the tours and excursions take longer to get to. The suite we had was clean although the furniture and the linens are a little worn out. The washroom had been renovated and hot water with lots of water pressure was always available.The beach is nice and clean with lots of palm trees and huts for shade from the blistering summer heat. We had no problem finding a shady spot whenever we went to the beech, although the best ones are guaranteed by arriving before 7:30 am.As others have mentioned, Jade and the steakhouse were quite good and are easily booked if you follow the booking instructions. The Buffets were typical of this type of resort and were adequate unless your extremely fussy. The beech barbecue for lunch was nice and we took our food to the nearby buffet (Mexican restuarant at night) to get salads and sit inside out of the sun. They even had crepes (or what we heard the English visitors call pancakes) and soft ice cream with cones and sundae toppings available here. We found the barbecue chicken quite good.We only took the Bucaneros tour (jet boats and snorkelling) which was quite fun although the drive to the boats was long and rough in the open truck the tour picks you up in.There is FREE internet in the lobby area if you have your own laptop or wifi device. The speed is pretty fast. Just ask at front desk for your free access card (thanks to a prior poster for the tip).The hotel did get busy on the weekend with locals from the cities in the Dominican. They were quite loud and dominated the pool bar and lobby bar, however, it did not hinder our enjoyment of the resort too much.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	3	4	4	4	5	

<Author>mellybean226
<Content>Sirenis Tropical.......Honest Assessment of Mixed Reviews       Gorgeous  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	3	4	3	3	4	

<Author>eileenchicago
<Content>This resort is FAR AWAY from the airport - only good for longterm stays LOCATION - We booked Sirenis for part of our honeymoon after reading positive reviews in Lonely Planet. What we failed to realize is how FAR this resort is!!! If you are going with your family for a week and are not planning to leave the resort, then this place will be great for you (and was great for families staying there - lots of activities every hour). But for my husband  I, we were planning to stay there for 4 nights, then tour around the rest of the Dominican Republic. Because we were so far from any city (it was a 1.5 -2 hour ride from the airport), we had to hire drivers from the resort to take us to Santo Domingo, our next stop, for $200 USD. (just to put things in perspective, if we were closer to Punta Cana or even Bavaro, we could've taken a bus for $10 USD). Because you are in the middle of nowhere, you have little choice for things such as internet ($7 for 30 minutes!!!) or groceries. FOOD - The buffet is pretty terrible, with all types of cuisines that would please kids (think fried foods, pasta, pizzas). There are around 8 small restaurants on the resort but they are impossible to get a reservation for! You can reserve 2 dinners per week, but good luck trying to actually get a reservation at one of them, and in that case, you eat the buffet, again. DO NOT PAY FOR THE LOBSTER DINNER! My husband and I couldn't get a dinner reservation and couldn't stomach another night of buffet, so we paid $30 each for their lobster party which happens every Wed. night. Terrible lobsters. They had the consistency of mashed potatoes. Avoid paying for any extra food at this resort. HONEYMOON - On our last night there, we mentioned that it was our honeymoon - and this really changed our trip! They wanted to see our marriage certificate, which we didn't have, but be sure to bring it if you're on your honeymoon. They brought us fruit  champagne to our room, breakfast in bed  squeezed us into the Italian restaurant for dinner. This really changed my perception of the resort!CONCLUSION - If I had children  wanted a relaxing break, I would go here for a week long stay. However, not that you will NOT get any Dominican perspective...it's really like a huge American resort transported into the Carribean. My husband  I actually had more fun going around the country  staying in small places and eating at local restaurants.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	1	4	4	4	3	

<Author>MartinBlakebrough
<Content>Love beach volleyball       A weeknd of chaos at pool bar  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sammymom
<Content>Fantastic Vacation!!       Table ready for our 2nd visit to IL Veggi  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>G_AOldbury
<Content>Fantastic place but ....... My fiancee and i have just returned from 1 week in the Sirenis Tropical Suites, when we arrived and got off the coach we both thought wow, this looks like a beautiful hotel, after checking in we went to room P001 on the tropical side and left our luggage with the bell boy, we got to the room and found the air-con not to be working so after a long flight and overall a long trip we were looking forward to getting into a cool room, any way long story short we asked to move and they said no problem however we had to wait for the bell boy to bring our bags before we could move after 45mins of waiting i went looking for him and asked him how long he would be he said about 5 mins and he was, after tipping him we took ourselves all the way back to check in (and our bags) to get to the new room they had given us C001 LOL, i would suggest to anyopne that if you've had a long journey and just want to get changed and go out for a drink then if you can manage take your suit cases with you dont wait for the bell boy.The rooms on the tropical side are great spacious nice bathroom, living area and we had 2 queen size beds, also a small patio area. They are kept clean daily and the fridge is kept topped up with water and pops.The Complex itself we thought was beautiful clean tidy and well maintained.The pool is very large and 2 swim up bars we had no problem getting served, didnt use it very much though stayed on the beach more.The beach was nice for want of a better word, i wish people who smoke would have the common sense to put but ends into a cup and then throw it in the bin, as opposed to leaving them on the beach! I say nice because i dont like to compare and i try to take each holiday at face value but the beaches in the north and also the beaches in cuba we thought were better than this particular beach, the sea was a little ruff because the east side is where the carribean meets the atlantic so again the north of the island we found to have calmer seas, still easily possible to swim and snorkel though.The food was great at first and this is where it went down hill for us the first 2 full days were fantastic and the trips i will get onto in a mo, the 3rd day my fiancee had shall we say upset stomach, the 4th day she seemed a little better so we thought it might just have been a 24hr thing however the 5th day i came down with the same thing, and the 6th day my fiancee had it again, i on the other hand seemed to get better a little quicker, cos we are home now and its the 27 of july and this will be the first day she hasn't been to the loo, we stopped drinking when she got bad the 1st time so we are pretty sure it was something we ate, we also over heard 2 other families one lady had said that her husband and daughter had been in hospital over there now to be fair i didn't hear the reason for this and i didn't think it was polite to ask so that may not have been anything to do with the food but there was one other family who had similar complaints to ours. This however is the first time we've been to the carribean and had bad stomachs so perhaps we were just unlucky?The trips: LAZY DAY CATAMARAN this was one of the best trips we have been on its all day and we paid $94 each money well spent all the cuba libres you can drink and the crew on the cats are great really friendly and entertaining.REEF EXPLORER well this one you swim with sharks and stingrays it was ok but we thought it was a little rushed as it took over an hour to get there and you have about 3 hours to fit in all the activities then an hour or so to get back to the hotel and for the price like i said rushed.BAVARO SPLASH speed boats and snorkelling great trip but seemed very short your in the boats for about 10 -15 mins to get to the snorkelling ground then thats about 40 - 45 mins then back in the speed boats 10 -15 mins then back to hotel.ISLA CATALINA now we didnt do this trip but we spoke to a couple that did and i spoke to a lady on the plane ride home who had also done it and they all agreed that it wasn't very good for the money they said the amphibious vehicle did a 10 min stint down the river and back up again and they also said there was more travelling to and from than there was actually on the trip itself also the beach that you stop at isnt as good as the one at the sirenis or thats what they said anyway.The only bad thing i can think of about the complex other than the food which may have just been our bad luck was the disco now you would think that an all inclusive means just that but at the disco which is a nice size and plays desent music you have to PAY for the drinks now i dont understand this as the drinks in there are the same as you get at the other bars so why the charge, just letting you know. All in all a good resort. but we dont think we'll be going back to that particular resort again.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>rowly65
<Content>great time had by all       Beach 1  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	3	4	

<Author>rafael_canabay
<Content>Horrible Experience at Sirenis Punta Cana I was August last year in this hotel and it was a really bad experience. The suites are in a filthy condition, specially the bathrooms. The rooms in general are smelly. Air conditioning extremelly noisy . Common areas are dirty most of the time. Service by personnel really bad. We asked the manager to change to a different room in light of the filthy conditions of the one we had been assigned. After different really difficult conversations with the succesive managers on duty they moved us to anothe room, but it was in exactly the same conditions.All in all, SIRENIS PUNTA CANA IS A PLACE TO AVOID. Be warned about it.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	1	

<Author>AnutaTO
<Content>great vacation       night time entertaiment  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Melissa_PCanada
<Content>DONT GET THE HENNA All in all our stay was good. The grounds of the resort have already been described in numerous other reviews, and they have done a good job doing so.However, what I have to say is much more important, and can make a permanent difference in your life, so pay attention.While we were there, my daughter got a henna tattoo. Now it is scarring, and we found out that it was actually PPD, or 'black henna,' not real henna. There are numerous websites you can check out to see the awful effects of this substance. It scars your skin, and enters into your bloodstream, possibly causing liver or kidney damage, making you more prone to cancer in those areas.PLEASE DO NOT GET A HENNA TATTOO!The experience is awful. It normally takes up to three weeks to see the full effects of a reaction, which means that it won't be until after you get home that you notice there is a problem. An easy way to tell if it is real henna or not is to find out how long it takes for the dye to stain your skin, and how long the tattoo is expected to last. Real Henna takes in between 6 hours and 2 days to fully stain your skin, and it will be a brownish or a reddish color. Black Henna stains your skin in an hour or two, and lasts two weeks. So, when you ask the artist how long it is before you can wash the dye off, if he says an hour or two, get out of there quick! I have tried to contact the resort to let them know this sort of practice is not safe, or acceptable. It is unclear to me if the artist himself, a Yugoslavian man, knows it is unsafe or not. He seemed to think everything is fine.Please do not get a tattoo on this resort. I have checked online and found out that black henna is very very common in South and Central America, as well as throughout the Caribbean. Save yourself a massive amount of stress and worry and doctors appointments, and just avoid the tattoos altogether. Black Henna is actually banned in Canada, and vendors of it are able to be brought up on criminal charges. That is how serious the danger is.Please Please Please, stay safe in the caribbean. Most of the people we travelled with had ear aches, swimmer's ear, and we thought that was kind of unfortunate. Imagine our surprise when we found out my 11 year old daughter was going to have scars on her ankles that may never go away.Please be careful.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	2	4	3	4	4	4	

<Author>purplepiggie
<Content>Tropical Paradise       US IN THE MACAO RESTAURANT  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Anusa23
<Content>Best holiday ever...       Reception  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Nayrb
<Content>Quick Review       the pool aea at the break of dawn  
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>martinandfran
<Content>WOW       One of the pools  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	4	5	3	

<Author>thescotsmanYorkshire
<Content>overview of sirenis suites       Sirenis  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>ipswichbabe
<Content>FAB HOLIDAY!!       beach view!  
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>FrankCar
<Content>Great Hotel spoiled by Tourist Trap Medical Facilties Date of travel 25th May 2008 for 2 weeks, Sirenis Tropical Suites.An excellent hotel with good restaurants, good facilities, very friendly staff and located right on a beautiful beach. Unfortunately our holiday was spoiled by the hotel medical facilities which are a real tourist trap. On Site Doctor After a week or so my wife became ill with a high temperature. We went to see the on site doctor but and after an examination and a bill for $90 he said that he could not determine the cause and that my wife would need to go to hospital for urine and blood tests. He said he couldn't do this on site and the nearest hospital was 40 minutes taxi ride away. He even suggested we bring a change of clothing incase we had to stay overnight. We thought it very strange that he couldn't perform these simple tests on site and we suspected he was on a commission for any tourists he could refer. He was insistent throughout that we let him know which clinic we were planning to go to and he even suggested we bring a change of clothing incase we had to stay overnight. My wife chose not to go to hospital as although we had medical insurance we thought they were bound to question the need for a hospital stay just to have basic tests. What disappointed us the most was that after we told the doctor my wife did not want to go to hospital he offered no treatment in order to ease her discomfort. I believe he was hoping her condition would worsen to the extent she would feel compelled to go to hospital. Fortunately I happened to mention my wifes condition to a member of staff and he was able to tell us what it was. They call it Caribbean Fever and its just a type of flu that foreigners to the island are prone to. We went to the onsite pharmacy and purchased some tymanol and andadin which worked a treat. As there is malaria in DR we were worried it could be that but after looking up the symptoms on the internet were confident it wasn't. Obviously on our return my wife went straight to her GP to confirm this. While we were there we heard other of other incidents that reinforced our view that any medical treatment would be detrimental to your pocket. A friend with an ear infection was treated for a cost of 拢200. While we were there we heard someone had contracted gastro enteritis. The onsite doctor did manage to put this person on a drip, which is far more complicated than taking a urine test. Unfortunately this person didn't get any better and had to spend 3 days in hospital at a cost of 拢2000. I hope they were covered by their insurance. A rep also told me of some other incidents , I'm not sure if these are Sirenis specific. One of her guests was charged $500 to clear some ear wax. But the worst one was a woman who travelled to the DR 7 months pregnant and gave birth in her hotel room. The authorities would not let the couple leave the DR until they could prove the child was theirs through DNA testing. I suspect this was because DR has a history of child trafficking. This took a month and they were lucky that the hotel gave them free accommodation. Unfortunately their medical bill was 32,000 euros!If you are planning to travel to the DR make sure you have the best possible cover and do not travel if you are pregnant or have any pre-existing conditions.Obviously the fact that my wife was allowed to suffer needlessly for a couple days spoilt the holiday to a certain extent and we wouldn't go back to the same hotel after being treated that way. This is a shame as we thought the rest of the hotel was excellent. We were fortunate that although my wifes condition was very uncomfortable it was bearable. Had the same thing happened to one of our children we would have been completely at the doctors mercy. RoomsHotel is split into two halves 鈥?cocotal beach on one side and tropical suites on the other. Its really one hotel with two types of accommodation as all the facilities are shared. We were in the tropical suites where the rooms have small lounge area with a sofabed. Useful if you have a party of three but we didn't really use it much as we were a party of four in two rooms. Rooms were nice, with two tvs and a fridge which was stocked with water and soft drinks daily. We were in block M which overlooked the pool and had a great seaview. The only thing I didnt like about the room was that the air con was very weak. Even though we left in on constantly it never cooled the room enough. I dont think it was a fault as we had two rooms and it was the same in both. The room was kept very clean and faults reported to reception were dealt with promptly. While we were there the water stopped a few times and we had power cuts. There are mosquitoes and we got bitten quite a bit. As well as spraying yourself remember to regularly spray the bottom of your door and the air vent in the bathroom.FoodI wasnt impressed by the evening buffet, the choice and quality was not great. The staff were excellent though as they were in all the restaurants. Very friendly, very quick to supply drinks and tables were kept clean. The a la cartes were much better. Jade and the Italian were excellent I thought and a real surprise after the buffet. Bring a camera to jade as the chef will give you some good photo opportunities. We tried all the a cartes, didnt like the vegetarian, mexican or seafood. Steakhouse was ok. We tried the lobster restaurant which was $35 a head extra. The lobser was huge and we were glad we went. Lunchtime buffets were ok and there is a BBQ on the beach which I though was good for snacks. Tried room service one day but was disappointed to find it the same food as in the buffet even though you have to pay for it. I couldn't see the point of that.One annoyance was the booking system for the a la carte. Basically the guest services team would lbe econonic with the truth regarding availability. They try to get you into unpopular times by saying the restaurant is fully booked when it isn't or they will say a particular restaurant you want is closed that night and point you to the Mexican. For example we were told we could only go to the Italian at 18:30 one night as it was fully booked. When we left at 19:15 there was only one other table occupied. On another night friends of ours were told the steak house was closed on a night that we ate there.DrinksI don't drink much alcohol so I cant vouch for the alcoholic drinks. I did notice they were using mainly unbranded drinks but I think they had branded if you specifically asked. The non alcoholic cocktails were great , a lot better on other all inclusives I have been on. The other major difference I noticed was that it was very easy to get served , there were no queues at the bars , probably because it was low season. Even at reception if you were not at the bar you would be frequently asked by waitresses if you wanted a drink.WatersportsWindsurfing, kayaks, snorkel equipment and catamarans were all available free for a hour a day on all inclusive. For some equipment you were asked to pay $10 a day or $30 a week insurance. Other watersports such as scuba diving ,parasailing and banana boat were available for a fee. I normally scuba dive on holiday but didnt bother as I had read the diving wasnt great. I have dived other Caribbean islands before and they are not as good as the likes of the Red Sea or the Maldives. I did try sailing a catamaran for the first time and I was really glad I did. I was given a lesson one morning and then allowed to head off on my own. It is a bit difficult to start as the sailing area is shallow and full of corals so your endup getting grouded very easily. Once I was more confident I went into deeper water which was more fun, especially with the waves. I really enjoyed the sailing even though I did manage to capsize it one afternoon. The watersport guys were great and had a proper lifeboat to pick me up and return me to the beach. The watersports guys were all very friendly and helpful. I thought that once I had capsized the catamaran once they would be hesitant to let me go on it again as it was a hard work for them to get the catamaran back but they didnt mind and encouraged me to go again. The sailing was one of the highlights of the holiday for me. PoolTwo big pools each with shallow and deep areas and a pool bar. The tropical side seemed to be quieter and all the activities and load music were on the cocatal side. We went during the low season so I would say only half the sunbeds were in use at any one time. Lots of beds were reserved under umbrellas but it wasnt hard to find one especially if you went on the beach. As there were so many empty beds every day I thought there was no chance of any squabbles over beds. Unfortunately I was proved wrong. We left towels on the beds only to find a couple had decided to take the beds and dump our towels. I really dont like arguing on holiday so I asked them to move and even though they had lost 2 of our towels which was going to cost me $40 to replace I didnt make a fuss. Unfortunately later in the day the couples French daughter and husband turned up and she launched into an almighty tirade against us because we had asked her parents to move. She was unbelievably rude, she swore at me and my wife and even at a little english girl that happened to be watching. In the end I decided that a shouting match was not how I wanted to spend my time on holiday so I wished them a pleasant holiday and moved on. I still cant believe how I managed to get into an argument over sunbeds in a half empty resort. LocationSirenis is about an hours taxi ride from the airport in a rural location. Apart from a hotel either side there are local shops or towns to visit so apart from excursions you are pretty much tied to the hotel. Because the roads are so bad it is not recommended to hire a car either. Local tourist sights seem to be either caves or coffee/cacao plantations.EntertainmentThe entertainment was probably the best we have seen on holiday. Daytime entertainment team were excellent. Very funny guys, especially Spaghetti. Eddie and Chico were also good. We had children aged 10 and 13 and although there did not seem to be activities directly for them they were allowed to join in most of the adult activities. The daytime entertainment was good fun and well organised most of the time. My only gripe was that the some of the entertainment team used language not suitable with children around. The evening shows were performed in a very profession theatre with a large stage, lots of seating and good sound and lights. I was very impressed with the quality of the dancers , they seemed very professional compared to what I have seen elsewhere. Unfortunately a lot of the shows were dance themed so although very good they soon lost their appeal. There were a few shows with audience participation which although very funny again contained material not suitable with children in the audience. I went to the casino a couple of times. Lots of slots and three tables. I played black jack and it must have been a training night when I went as there was a manageress overlooking the dealer and I have never seen so many errors in adding up or paying out before. Quite funny to watch, the manageress was livid when a dealer was going to pay out $70 on what should have been a $30 win. My wife and daughter had some treatments in the spa and they said they were great.There is a games room opposite the doctors which has pool, table tennis and pool tables. You have to pay for pool but the other are free. Open in the evening but the lights above the table tennis table are so dim you can hardly see the ball.ExcursionsThere was plenty of choice for excursions, Swimming with dolphins, swimming with sharks and rays, helicopter rides, speed boats, zip lines, trips to islands, snorkelling, horse riding, Buggys and ATVs, Scuba diving.After reading reports on the internet we did horse riding and ATVs with Ramone who can be found on the beach if you go left. A very nice man and we really enjoyed the trips especially the ATV's. We got to ride both the horses and the ATVs on the beach which was great. My daughter was not impressed with the guy that took us horse riding though.Friends of ours went parasailing and they were in a group of about 8 people. As a result they had to spend quite a bit of time on the boat for every to have their go and a few of them were sick. TippingI tipped a lot more than usual on this holiday and was happy to do so as the service was so good and the staff so friendly.ReceptionSpanish is the main language but most speak enough English to get by. Reception staff least friendly and helpful in the hotel I thought. When we arrived we weren't given any information other than where the room was and a leaflet. They did arrange a nice surprise for us on our wedding anniversary though free of charge ShopsThere are some shops at the entrance to the hotel and some huts either side of the beach. The shops sold beachware, batteries etc. If you walk along the beach you will be approached by locals to get you to go into the beach huts. They are polite though and will accept a no if you are not interested. All the huts sell pretty much the same things. On the whole they are a friendly bunch but you do have to haggle which fortunately I love. I went to most of the huts and my favourite was a Haitian guy called Emanuelle. His shop is the farthest shop away on the right hand side of the beach past the watersports hut. He was the nicest, friendliest guy of the lot and was a great haggler. What set him apart from the others was that if you wanted something he didn't have he would get it for you. For instance I needed some suitcase locks, he got them for me the next day and he didn't charge the earth.WeatherI was expecting weather similar to Florida, hot with downpours of 30-60 minutes and then hot again. We had two or three days when it rained for all morning hours and was cool all day . We then had a really big storm that lasted a whole day after which it was really hot for the rest of the holiday.Transfers We booked transfers online at http://www.dominicanairporttransfers.com/ and were very pleased with the service we got. The website is very professional and easy to use. We paid $150 return for 4 people. The cars were very big, clean and had good air con. The drivers were polite, drove well and turned up on time. On the trip to the hotel we had an 8 seater and on the way back a 10 seater. The roads to the hotel are full of really big pot holes so we were glad we had a sensible driver. Other drivers were driving all over the road to miss the pot holes and were going too fast for the conditions.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	2	5	3	

<Author>kendelo
<Content>Not what i was expecting       Roberto.. look for him to book your activities.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	3	3	3	

<Author>sleepytraveller
<Content>Nice! Just got back from a really fun vacation in Punta Cana. Here is a lengthy review - hope it helps! :)What to expect when you get there: My fiance and I are seasoned travellers and have stayed at multiple all-inclusive resorts in the Caribbean. All have had their ups and downs - the first thing that really appeared to be a down point was the trip from the Punta Cana airport to the hotel. I read the reviews and thought the driving was an exaggeration - it isn't! The Sirenis Tropical/Cocotal is approximately a 1 hour drive from the airport on roads that have not seen a touch of maintenance since their inception - which must have been many, many...many years ago. It is like trying to drive across swiss cheese for over an hour on a mad swerving bus with other vehicular obstacles in the way to boot. One lady was actually ill on the bus from motion sickness. My fiance enjoyed how scenic the ride was and wasn't bothered by motion sickness, so for him it wasn't bad. For me, however... - The moral of this story?? If you can afford an extra $50 US - take a cab from the airport. It's worth it I'm sure - some individuals at the resort told us they use it every time and it makes a tremendous difference. Arriving at the hotel after such an epic journey was a massive relief. We were greeted with a welcome cocktail and check-in was no problem at all. Bags were taken and delivered to the rooms automatically and I noticed immediately that there was no hovering or pressure for tips that I have gotten at every other resort. We gave one anyway and meandered over to our room. The Rooms: We booked on the Tropical Suites side of the resort. It is essentially the same as the Cocotal side, however with the suites you get a separate living room and television, which is nice if one of you wants to crash earlier than the other - the room is separate and has a door to the bedroom which can be closed for quiet. The rooms are nothing particularly fancy but very clean and quite spacious. There is a mini bar which is stocked daily with pop and water. Television stations have plenty of english selections and movie networks which were appreciated on the couple of days we had of torrential downpours and didn't feel like leaving the room for a few hours. We stayed in the Q block which was closer to the beach than to the main resort. It made for quite the trek to the main lobby and bar areas, but it was also close to the pool. Our room was kept clean the whole time - we brought little dollar store goodies for the maid which we left on the first day and tipped every other day, but the days we did not didn't seem to matter much when it came to the quality of the maid service.I must point out something - take this as you will: One night we came home late to find the floor of our bedroom was completely and utterly covered with bug WINGS. It was disgusting and bizarre as we did not leave the door open but we left the light on - I always leave one on when I leave the room for extended periods to make it appear as though it is occupied. We immediately called the front desk in a panic and the man at reception seemed annoyed and told us that happens when we leave the light on. They did, however, immediately send over someone to clean and vacuum the room and spray around the outside doors. It took about 15 minutes but there was zero evidence of anything amiss when they were finished. Still, we were really put off and wanted a room change, however we were too exhausted to switch rooms and the bug situation seemed completely localized to the floor area, so we sucked it up and stayed the night there. The next morning the maid was in first thing and mopped and changed all the linens. There was absolutely not so much as a single mosquito in the room for the remainder of the trip following that experience. Again, take that situation as you will. We are relatively laid back and attributed the situation to being in a tropical country where there is an ample supply of bug-life, not due to a lack of vigilence in the cleaning service. Again though, it was quite bizarre because the doors and windows appear to seal very well when closed. I suppose the thing to do is just keep the lights off! Other things to note - always plenty of hot water. Room service is free with the Nolitours package - we ordered it once for a lark and found the selection and quality were no different from what you would find at the buffet. Still, if you're lazy, it's a nice option! ;) The Food: We came during off-season, and as a result only one of the buffets was open for breakfast. The main beach buffet is open for lunch but not dinner. The buffet fare was standard for a 4 star resort - some of the items were delicious and some were...not. Always had fresh grilled fish which I ate at every meal...very yummy! There should be something for everyone though - just be prepared to not eat any fresh vegetables for the week. The veggies they do have are steamed to the point that they are like mushy baby food, and nearly everything is deep-fried - including the bacon! Not a resort I would recommend to someone with high cholesterol ;). We went to four of the a la cartes - the Mexican, Steakhouse, Japanese, and the Italian. We had absolutely no problems with reservations - again, this could be due to the fact that it was off-season. The Japanese was REALLY good and the best of the lot. We really found the Italian quite disgusting -however, if you get the pizza it's a little bit more palateable. Steakhouse was ok, but then I ate a burger as I am not a steak fan. My group seemed to enjoy their steaks, however. Note: Everyone I spoke to had a food poisoning situation when eating at the Mexican restaurant. I didn't, though, but my meal turned out to be fried when it arrived at the table whereas other dishes were not. Some got ill from the buffet - but many people seem to ignore the fact that this is an extremely hot climate which means that food can spoil easily! Stay away from anything made with eggs (mayos), dairy (milk, alfredo sauce, etc) or any meat that is improperly cooked (for me, this includes cold cuts). This has been my rule of thumb for years and I have NEVER gotten ill. The best buffet for lunch is the beach buffet - there is a BBQ pit which seemed to serve exactly the same fare as either of the buffets but was very popular nonetheless. Snacks at night were actually delicious - served in the lobby buffet and a very wide selection (pizza, taters, toast, cold cuts, fruits and more). Alcohol:The negative: Alcohol is now only served until midnight, despite what the brochure told us. We didn't want to drink our faces off, contrary to how it may seem with my complaining about it, however we would like to be able to have a glass of wine past midnight on occasion and the only way to do this is if you go to the casino and gamble - then they will provide drinks. As well, the disco charges for alcohol and will not even let you bring in a drink - they have to be disposed of prior to entry, which was really obnoxious. Also in terms of alcohol, it IS watered down, and I challenge anyone to dispute that. Premium alcohol is available when asked for, though I feel sometimes it was not always provided. Anyway, alcohol situation was not necessarily a major complaint, as the drinks were plentiful and tasty, but still an annoyance nonetheless. Entertainment: We went to one show. It was somewhat entertaining for the first 15 minutes, but there were always the same handful of British guys that hogged the stage and acted obnoxious and even rude to the performance staff. Still, if you're there in a big group and prepared to participate, it might be entertaining for you. We went the first night and then avoided the rest of the time. In terms of daytime entertainment - we never participate and thus can't comment... people seemed to be really enjoying themselves though! The Beach: Very nice but not perfect. I was expecting white sand but it was more on the yellow side. Still, it was soft and clean and swept daily, with many available chairs and palapas to choose from. I didn't see any of the annoying chair-reservers at this resort - again, could be due to the season, but refreshing nonetheless. The water was warm and clean, and if you brought goggles or snorkling gear (otherwise provided by the resort for free but only for one hour intervals), you would be treated to the sights of schools of tropical fish of all sizes and colors swimming around the rock formations. Speaking of rock formations - they were plentiful. Parents, monitor your children! Better yet, get them water-shoes. We bashed our feet and legs on several occasions. Coral is a problem in the swimming zones. But I spent many an hour floating on my back and soaking up the sun without issue. Could be worse! Miscellaneous: Sirenis is at the far end of the Bavaro strip and the only other closest resort is a 40 minute walk down the beach. The resort is Dreams. Go there! It's LOVELY. We walked down one day and took off our wristbands so they couldn't identify that we weren't from that resort, and then wandered around it for the day just soaking in how lovely the grounds and pools were. Dreams, unlike our resort, was pack with people (seemingly all Americans), and seemed to have a very lively atmosphere. The walk to Dreams is the best part though. It's a beautiful walk away from any civilization and makes you really feel the whole tropical experience. Halfway down the beach is a little tourist gift shack - BUY FROM THERE - the items are exactly the same as the gift shops on either immediate side of the resort but you can get them for half the price. We bought a bottle of rum, a necklace, two ornaments for $11. The rum alone at the resort shops is $12-15 and extremely difficult to negotiate. Speaking of shopping, never have I encountered such aggressive salespeople as I have here - almost (ALMOST) as bad as the vendors in Morocco - which is saying something! They refuse to give prices on individual items to try to get you to buy more and then inflate the price considerably and outrageously - then act horrified if you tell them it's too expensive. (one guy actually tried to sell me a necklace made of shell for $150.00!). They don't force themselves on you in the resort like they do off of it, but one off the hotel vendor gentleman told me that I was the same as all Canadians - lookie lookie, take their time, but no buy. Then turned his back on me in a huff and refused to show me anything else. Huh. Anyway, you're supposed to negotiate and sometimes you can be successful, but it was such a stressful experience! If there is something you need, go to the place I mentioned before. Grab a bottle of Mamajuana while you are at it - delicious and supposedly an aphrodisiac ;).BRING BUG SPRAY...not an issue during the day, but my legs got eaten alive in the evening. There is now malaria in the DR, so it's a good idea to be extra cautious. That's basically it! VERY long I know. Aside from the horrific service that I have come to love and respect from Air Transat (not), the trip was just great (the airport personel in PC were atrociously rude, and attempt to get money from you when you check in - DON'T GIVE THEM ANY... if you are over the baggage limit - which we knew we were not but told we were, tell them you will pay with credit card at the gate and get a receipt. 9/10 you won't have to pay anything and you won't get ripped off). Also, don't count on deals at the duty free stores there - better off purchasing at the resort or from the airline. All in all, a good resort. Not fantastic, but good. A solid four star. We'll go back to the DR again, but probably try a 5 star next time. It's very true when they say that you get what you pay for! That's it - lengthy but detailed and I hope it helps!! Thanks to an amazing couple - K and A - you guys helped make our trip fab!  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	3	4	3	

<Author>dotdelorey
<Content>Excellent Resort... ATV Tour = Incredible We visited Sirenis Tropical in April of 2008 to get away from the cold of Antigonish, Nova Scotia and we went for a one week stay. We were overly pleased with the service, cleanliness. The food was excellent and beaches were incredible. If you visit Sirenis be sure to take the 2 hour ATV tour through Raymond and Paul who are located on the beach, who set up an excellent tour and are incredibly friendly to deal with. The tour takes you through many different locations including my personal favorite, a guided tour of a cave.We would not hesitate to return to this resort if we were to plan another trip. 5 Stars!  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>nicx123
<Content>Amazing Holiday Me and my Friend stayed in this hotel from 1st May - 15th May and had an AMAZING time!We are two 18 year old girls from Birmingham/England and had the best time ever!!!We didn't no what to expect at all but it was much better that what we imagined.When we landed we had an hour journey to the hotel which was a bumpy ride but i was too busy looking out of the window at the locals to let it bother me. When we arrived at the hotel we checked in very quickly with no hassle (apart from getting chatted up by the receptionists) but trust me we got used to that.Our room was really nice and was cleaned every day.We went to a couple of the restaurants but mainly eat in the buffet which offers a veriety of food each day. I had one day where i had a bit of an upset stomach but i think everybody gets that, i didnt let it bother me.The pool was really nice but very hot were as on the beach you get a really nice breeze. the beach is LOVELY we took part in the danicing and sports in the daytime on the beach.We went on the Outback Safari, The shopping trip and the trip to Saona Island they were really good. The outback safari was really good we had so much fun and Saona island was like going to PARADISE!!!We watched the shows every night they were really good and then we went to the Disco. We LOVED the weekends when the Locals came to stay at the hotel....they filled the disco and are GREAT dancers as i found out. Ok they loved me and my friend as we were two young English girls travelling alone but they didnt bother us, we talked to all of them and danced with them and made a few friends who i speak to every day on MSN and will be meeting in October when we return to the Dominican. They liven the place up, they mean no harm.The entertainment staff were really friendly,a nd very popular with some of the young women travelling alone lol we made friends with all of them and they came to the Disco most night's with us.The bar men were really nice to us and had a drink ready as soon as they saw us walking towards the bar.We met some lovely people......Dean and Julie, Dave and Dot and Cliff and dianne who we are going to stay with this weekend!!!We never felt like it was just the two of us on holiday because we were always wih different people.In October we are going to stay in the Occidental Grand Flamenco....for the simple reason that they have the club called Mangu on site. but i think we are going to spend the whole two weeks comparing the holiday to the Sireins hotel because it was such a nice hotel.Anyway i would recommend this hotel to anybody of all ages, it has something for everyone. I will deifintaely be returning int he future.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>BFunez
<Content>Worth Every Penny ResortThe resort is beautiful to say the least, very big and easy to get around. Theres 20 + two-story villas, all around the resort. Some are closer to the lobby, but the one i was at was closer to the beach, which was perfect. The rooms were very well kept, and cleaned every day. The room i was staying in had a nice living room with a couch and a chair, a standard size bathroom, and a nice bedroom that accommodated two people very nicely.FoodThe food, in my opinion, was very good. I guess this category depends on how picky the person is. I'm not too picky, and i always found at least three or four dishes at the buffet that i liked. Remember to take a good look all around the buffet before you slap something on your plate. There was about 6 a la carte restaurants, and the ones that i went to were very nice. Recommend: Jade (Japanese) and La Cincetta (Italian)Animation Team/ EntertainmentThese guys made the trip a blast. They are all very energetic, talented, friendly very funny, and they work so hard from the morning to late at night. Shout outs to Spaghetti, Eddie Murphy and Chico Rico. Every night these guys put on a show at night, got the crowd participating and rocked the show. Dancing, acting, singing and joking around.There was also a casino which was fun. We played a bit of slot machines and had fun. Drinks are included in the casino to those who are playing games. Definitely nice that there was a casino, it was nicely air conditioned and it was a good meeting spot for us at night.ActivitiesThe day activities were probably the things that made me enjoy my trip the most. I had the option of doing my activities with the hotel (expensive$$), or walking around the beach and seeing if anyone else offered those activities. I ended up getting lucky when i found a guy named RAMON who offered many activities for a much better price than the hotel. His prices were so much better that i planned the rest of my activities and excursions with him. So i definitely recommend that anybody who wants to save a little money on their excursions to go see PAUL AND RAMON. They are on the left side of the beach usually just hanging out there right by the little shops.Overall a great trip, would recommend it to everybody.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Aurora_Snow
<Content>We had a Blast!! We went on a family vacation. There were nine of us, 2 family's worth. The children ranged from 6 years old to 18 years old and we also brought along our 66 year old Mother. We had so much fun. The rooms were nice and clean (but you really do not spend much time in them anyway) and the grounds are spotless! The food was incredible in the main dining halls. The only problem we had was the sit down meals, the ones you had to make reservations for. They were quite dissappointing, from under done meat to tasteless desserts. Which really didnt bother us all that much because we just went to the buffets afterwards and had our fill!!The pool absolutely ROCKS and the bartenders are super friendly. If you are a tipper, usually a buck or two makes them very grateful and they always remember your favorite drinks! Bring your sunscreen!! I had Neutrogena SPF 55 and I stayed nice and protected the entire time. The moment I ran out and went to another brand and lower SPF, I burned. The ocean is a little rough there so if you hate sand in your suit then dont go there, but I suggest you just deal with the sand because the ocean waves are so much fun!They have really good tours as well for a pretty good price. Everything is in US dollars so dont forget to get yours. All in all, a fantastic vacation spot that has made me a travel addict. Thanks to all the staff, especially Juan Carlos, my favorite bartender!! If you go, order a Sirenis Special for me! Trust me, you'll be glad you did! The best drink around.  
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>greenygreen613
<Content>WOW...what can i say..amazing Resort!! My girlfriend and I arrived on Sunday, April 27, 2008. It is true on the weekends there is a lot of locals, but they seemed to be to themselves and werent much to worry about. And when Monday gets started it calmed down a lot and was a very sunny, relaxing week. With so many different restaurants and bars to drink and eat at you really cant get bored at this resort. They also offer fishing, tours into the jungle, atv, surfing...pretty much anything to make your stay more enjoyable.We totally recommend eating at the Asian restaurant, and the Italiano...Buffets were really good there are about four of them. Two for lunch, two for dinner.Ocean is beautiful no big waves, but if you walk down the beach you will find some..Pools are huge..and very deep so you can dive, and there are two swim up bars. My girlfriend and i would totally consider going back in future, but really would rather see and visit different parts of the world first..But for first time travellers...couples...kids...this is the place to go!we will post pictures up soon...thx  
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>scottabroad
<Content>a little piece of heaven visited the sirenis with 14 mates 12th may 08-26th may 08, have read the other reviews and they are all exactly what i think and would say so wont bore you all with repeats. one of our group was in wheelchair and access was great for him although not onto the beach or in the sea although if you were there at same time of us you may have seen a group of middle age overweight lassies hufting a large white sunbed with a big guy on it down the sand so he could get in the sea and have a wee swim. thanks to the security guard who helped us down and the english guy who helped us back (he only went down once lol) being in a wheelchair they were also on the ground floor of block P and on way back to room one morning there was a large tarantula (yes a real one we have photos will try and add later) needless to say they closed the door on it and killed the poor thing, other couple in wheelchair found one in their bathroom and it jumped on the lady (they also killed it and left it for the maid, not what i'd call a tip lol) but please dont let this put you off as the rest of us didnt see any.if booking quads go with the brothers on the beach to the left of the hotel as they are much safer than the guys who are in the hotel trying to book quads, we went on both and they were both great but the beach were safer (burnt my leg on the other ones) also we went on the banana on the sea and it was a scream and then me and my mates daughter went on Le tube please please dont go on the tube it was the most agonising 10 mins of my life and my backside is black and blue (both cheeks) yes everybody laughs when i tell them and them go oh my god when i flash the buttocks lots of bites from mossies so take plenty of stuff and the only other thing i want to say is that it is quite expensive in the shops, been up north in caberete before and was much cheaper for gifts. if you want to shop go to the little huts to the right of the hotel on the beach shack no5 a guy called emanuel and further along about 10 mins walk a guy called willie with one little shop our girls bought some pics off him and he gave them small one free as well,but the place is great the people are great and the food is great and remember to try the spa in this order steam room, small spa, large spa, right hand jacuzzi and then left hand jacuzzi its a waste any other way (trust me)  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>julieyorkshie
<Content>loved it this is the 3rd time we have stayed here so we knew we had booked a good holiday..we were here for 2 weeks from 1st may to 14th.met some great people from all other countries.food was great always something to choose from .loved the japanese.bar staff great funand so friendley.stayed in block t107 had a view of the ocean great rooms..loved the pool bar met our group of friends we met and had a realy great time hi to dot dave jill dean debie dave and sarah from sweden also dean and julie who we met the first week and went to siona island with.you made our holiday all of you.one day we will return wish we were there now.  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Fun loving Sun Seeker
<Content>Loved the Sirenis       Japanese Restaurant  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sxacy
<Content>I want to go back!! This resort was amazing, and so much better than I expected it to be. We were there from May 16-23, 2008.I think a lot of people read the reviews on this website like I do and look forward to reading about others' experiences - so I will attempt to write a review that will hopefully help you decide (or reminisce) about your vacation here.FROM THE AIRPORT:Yes, the ride was a little bit bumpy, but in my opinion it is hardly worth mentioning. The bus from the airport to the resort was a big comfy air-conditioned charter bus and we found the ride extremely comfortable. I could have fallen asleep on it. It was about 50 minutes, but didn't seem overly long.CHECK-IN:Very smooth. They had a room with a king bed instead of the 2 double beds we requested (which was our travel agents fault - not the resorts'). They immediately switched it, called over a bellboy and we were sent off to our room right away - no wait. THE ROOM:The room was very nice. There was a TV in the living room as well as the bedroom and it has satellite so there was always something to watch. We tended to keep it on TBS though. The beds were a bit hard, but you got used to them. I slept on the couch one night and found it quite comfortable - it is softer than the beds. The air conditioning was ... well, let's just say it existed, but was not as strong as an A/C in Canada or the US. There is a ceiling fan in the bedroom, but you're likely to be a bit warm at night. I brought one of those little handheld fans from the dollar store which I used quite a bit to cool off instantly when I got hot! There was an abundance of closet space in the bedroom, as well as a full length mirror and a safe (which was $3.00/day and a $50.00 deposit at check-in that you get back). I would definitely recommend getting the safe as the hotel policy says something along the lines of it is not responsible for valuables in your room. The bathoom was also very nice, good water pressure. All in all, I really liked our room. FOOD:The food was great! The buffet always had different things and even as a picky eater I always found more than enough to eat. I also enjoyed the pasta bar that was always there for both lunch and dinner. For breakfast, I thoroughly enjoyed the egg station (where you could get omelets or fried eggs) and the smoothie bar! Mmmm fresh fruit smoothies! For the a la carte restaurants - we tried the Italian, Asian and Steakhouse. The Italian was really really good. The restaurant itself, all fancy and decked out in white linen, was also impressive. The Asian was good - the show they put on while making the food is fun, and food itself was pretty good. The Steakhouse was okay... my tenderloin was a bit tough, but I could have just gotten a bad piece. Everything else I ate was good.I also really liked the snackbar by the beach and pool, which was great when we had just come from the beach or pool and were still in bathing suits - as you can go in with your bathing suits on. They have lots of food to choose from.... hamburgers, hotdogs, rice, salads, crepes, pizza, desserts and best of all - the soft-serve icecream machine!BEACH:The beach was beautiful. We never had a problem finding loungers. There is also some great snorkeling right at the beach! I had brought my own snorkel, goggles and flippers from home and went snorkeling 3 times. There are many colourful fish to see, sea urchins, crabs in giant shells and more! I would recommend bringing an underwater camera... and dog food! The fish love the little kibbles... but I would advise that you throw the food away from you, otherwise they will swarm around you which may be a bit uncomfortable! Also, don't touchi those spike balls (sea urchins) that you see sitting in the coral.POOL:Gorgeous pool. Nicest I have ever seen. It was so long, and had many different depths and areas suitable for all types of swimmers. It also had the 2 swim-up bars (though one was closed, as it is off-season now) which were really nice. NIGHTLY ENTERTAINMENT:Really good! We weren't expecting much but were pleasantly surprised. There were dancers almost every night and they were very good. Our last night, they did every dance scene from the movie 'Dirty Dancing' and even the costumes were as good as the dancing! Very impressive. There were also some comedy shows and magic shows.DISCOTECA (night club):It was nice. It was never packed in there (which probably has something to do with it being low season) but they played a variety of music that was good for dancing to. Another reason people may not go is that the drinks cost money and it is kind of off the side of the resort, not on the way to anything. I really don't think they should be charging for drinks there, but oh well. STAFF:For the most part, the staff were extremely nice and fun. I suppose everyone's review on the staff will be different depending on who they spoke with and what their needs were. We did request some extra towels the first night and never received them and the maid we had for the first 2 nights didn't do much cleaning in our room (the other 5 days were great though) - but other than that we were quite happy with the service. The bartenders, especially those boys at the lobby bar - were awesome. They're a really fun group and are constantly bringing more drinks for you and filling you up whether you ask or not! They're always pleasant and seem to stay that way whether you tip them or not. I can't remember all of their names but they were all just so nice and made the drinking experience all the more fun. The pina colada's are amazing. Also - the Carlos Speciale is DELICIOUS (you won't find that one on the menu).TIPPING:We left money for the maid every day and gave a tip to the bartenders every 3rd drink or so. For the a la carte restaurants, we tipped as was appropriate and we also gave little tips to the people serving drinks in the lunch/dinner/breakfast buffet if we had them more than once as well as the omelet guy (he was really nice). However, we really didn't see many other people tipping, and I would definitely say that the staff don't expect it, but are certainly (most of them) appreciative when you do tip them. We were walking back to our room one day and one of the gardeners had a bunch of coconuts in his hand and he offered one to us - he sliced and peeled it with his machete and gave it to us cut up nicely to bring back to our room - so we gave him a tip, too.GROUNDS:EXTREMELY well kept by the gardeners and staff... they are just gorgeous and so photo friendly.All in all, we had a great experience and would go back right away if we could. In fact, the first thing we did when we got back was check to see what prices were at. If I went back to the Dominican, I'm not sure if I would want to try somewhere else because this place had everything!  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>JustUsToronto
<Content>Absolutely Amazing! We stayed at the Sirenis Tropical Hotel from May 11-18. (FYI: The ONLY difference between the Tropical and the Cocotal side is that the Tropical side has bigger 1-bedroom style rooms). This resort is absolutely amazing! I will give you some details that will be helpful. Arrival: We flew Air Transat (very uncomfortable flight, luckily its inly 4 hours). The ride from the airport is really not as rough as eveyone makes it to be. Yes its bumpy and long (an hour drive at least) but you get to see the life, the animals, the streets and it keeps your mind occupied long enough until you get there. We had no problems checking in, our room was ready when we arrived and we were given a map with directions to our room (Tropical side - bulding M - right beside the main pool). Our luggage was brought to us within minutes and we were settled in with no issues. The safe costs $3 per day with a $50 deposit which you get back when you check out. Rooms: Our room was extremely clean, the maid did a great job everyday and we left her little tips and goodies every morning. We had no problems with bugs in our rooms even though we were on ground level. The bed was a king size bed, not 2 beds pushed together. It was definetely a hard matress, but you get so tired that it doesnt matter where you sleep. The room didnt have any kind of bad smell, and everything worked just fine. Just be patient with the shower as it takes a couple minutes for the water to get hot. Grounds: Are absolutely incredible. There are gardens and flowers everywhere and people are there constantly cleaning everything up. There are flamingoes and ducks in the front just waiting for you to come and visit. The hotel really is gorgeous. Its the best one I ever stayed at and this was my 6th time in Dominican. Beach/Pool: Pool is always being cleaned, very refreshing to swim in, especially in the mornings when its quiet. Beach is really calm in the morning but the wind really picks up in the afternoon which makes it uncomfortable to lie there. Just a tip for you: Be careful with your towels - mine got taken on the first day. Which costs you $20 USD but we ended up going out at night and searching the pool area and were lucky enough to find a towel that was left behind which we switched for a clean one in the morning. People were complaining of their chairs getting taken after they were saved. It is now considered off season and the resort was still pretty busy. I was out by 7:00am everyday to get a palapa, by about 8am there was not much left so I cant imagine what its like in high season. Food: There are 2 buffets but only one was open while we were there. There is a large selection everyday for all meals. We only ate there during breakfast and some dinners. Lunch can be eaten in the large snack bar at the pool which has the well known soft-serve ice cream machine which always has a line up and also a crepe kiosk (delicious). There is also a BBQ Grill Hut right on the beach that serves chicken, hamburgers, hot dogs, french fries. A la Carte Restaurants: They tell you that you are limited to only 2 reservations per week, but what you can actually do is go to all 6 restaurants if you want. All you do is come up the front around 9:30/10:00am and book a reservation as long as its for the same day. You cant go to a restaurant twice but you can probably do each one. We did Japanese: ABSOLUTELY A MUST! The food is fantastic and the show is entertaining as well. Mexican: Just okay. Seafood/Mediteranean: Good if you like seafood. Italian: Fantastic! Its beautiful inside and the service is fantastic. These people serve you much better there than in Canada where you are required to leave a tip. So we left at least $2 in each restaurant, depending on the service. Excursions: There are a few available. We did the swimming with Sharks and Stingrays. Its a half day trip (go in the morning, much cooler, and the fish are more active). The ride there is 1.5 hours and the same thing back so its tough. You get taken out on a large catamaran with an entertainment team. There is music and drinks and snacks. First you stop at a coral reef and jump out and see some fish and then swim with the group into a caged area where the sharks and stingrays are. They literally are right underneath you. Wonderful experience! Then you get taken to a natural pool where they give you drinks right in the water. The trip costs $89USD so its a little expensive for half day but worth the experience. Entertainment: The staff are always alive there, never a dull moment. Look for Macaroni - he will always make you laugh! The show starts at 9:00pm everynight with an ice breaker and at 9:30 with the main show. After that, is the karaeoke or live band. The casino is also open during all this as well. The disco starts up at 12:00am if you still want to party. Overall, lots to do at night. Bugs: There ARE mosquitoes on the property, even though they fumigate the place everyday. So bring bug spray. I would definetely recommend this hotel to everyone. Go, enjoy, relax and have a great time! I hope this review helped!  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>riggs3000
<Content>Fantastic Time ! Great Hotel ! We have just returned from the Dominican from staying in the Sirenis Tropical Resort - 11th May till 18th May 2008. The Sirenis is a great relaxed and organised hotel, beautifully kept gounds in the most magnificant location. The hotel possesses a beautiful lobby area and enterance. The rooms were fine, clean and furnished well, maid service was good with a fully stocked mini bar everyday for free !The grounds of the hotel are very well kept and look great. The pool area was clean and well kept - there was always sunbeds freely available around the pool. If you like activities like me - this hotel is great. it has a decently equipt gym, a great spa with ice tub, hot tube and steam room. Tennis court, ping pong, archery and a few other things. The entertainment staff are great, always about organising activities, water polo, beach football etc....also if your there on a weekend you can verse the locals in arm wrestling ! The food is great, loads to choose from and 6 different resturants to book - all inculded in your package ! I would recomend the Italian and the Japanese ! The night entertainment is ok, with a different show each night.....the karoke is a laugh too ! The casino is small but also good !The hotel staff were all very friendly ! The beach is amazing, with a selection of water sports included in your package !This was a great holiday for me and my fiance and were thinking of going back in november.  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>paxouk
<Content>the good and the bad ! Rich, Dawn, Chloe and Bailee from Gloucester May 5th - May 19thWe 've just got back from staying at the Sirenis Tropical Suites, I'll start with the bad points first. If you like quiet weekends sat in the pool at the swim up bar then think again ! It's full of locals that come over for long weekends, mainly students ! they are very rude, loud, and many people had things go missing while they were there. You've got no chance of getting to the bar as they all congregate around it and they will not move when asked ! They're very noisy and intimidating. They get very drunk, spill all their drinks n the pool and one of them was even sick ! after they've gone the pools very scummy ! Security was rubbish and when we told the rep he told us to move around the other side of the pool, which would've been fine but the other swim up bar was shut as they were re-doing the steak house bar, which meant that most of us had to get out of the pool when wanting a drink. Now the good points !Monday to Thursday this hotel was lovely, quiet, relaxing, nice friendly people enjoying their holiday. The Japenese rest was our favourite, lovely food and great the way it's cooked in front of you. Mexican was very nice too. All the staff were very friendly and the animation staff put on some great shows in the evenings, very proffesional. The gardens and grounds were kept immaculate.Just somethng to remember take plenty of mosquito spray as people were being eaten alive !Also take plenty of sun creams as it's very expensive in the local shops.It's a shame about the weekends because apart from that the place was fantastic, this would be the only thing that would stop us returning.  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mandygriffiths54
<Content>amazing holiday!!!! we stayed here from april 24th-8th may.HOTEL-absolutely amazing hotel.it has huge grounds.the rooms are simple but very clean and very big.POOL-it is huge and has great for all the familly.our 21 mth old loved it.it was as warm as bath water!!!swim up bars were great.try the lumumba cocktail!!!we never had any trouble finding loungers with shades and we weren't up at 6am.BEACH-amazing.can be a little rough,but if you walk 10 mins either way the sea is much calmer and there is not as much coral.SHOPS-expensive but had most essensials in them.there was a well stocked chemist.24hr doctors.we had to use them on holiday.they are lovely.they speak really good english.reasurring when you have kids.TRIPS-saona island-amazing.a must see.the roads are much better that you use to go on this trip.hopefully your guide is bruce cos he is a lovely man.he took care of us all for the day.it cost $180 for 2 adults.bargain!we also went on trip swimming with sharks and stingrays.brilliant!you can go snorkelling 1st in coral.beautiful.don't worry about taking children,we took our son.there were clowns etc on the catamaran.really lovely people.a good party atmosphere.this trip was about 拢70 for 2 adults and child was free. BAD POINTS-on the bank holiday the hotel was over run with locals.farm animals springs to mind!!they were rude,noisy and dirty. mosquitos-as they sprayed around the perimeter of the grounds it drove them into the hotel.they did start spraying bushes etc around rooms etc the day we were leaving so hopefully they won't be so bad!OVERALL-excellent holiday,lovely location,would return.worth every penny.  
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>STJOSEPHS
<Content>Good Overall.Good Value ROOMNothing fancy but fine.if you have small children its great as there is a tv in both the seperate lounge area and bedroom.thought the beds were comfy.Nice balcony.Cold drinks replaces daily.FOOD.Very good overall.There were many a la carte restaurants to choose from.The buffet on most evenings was ex.BEACH.Really nice.most days windy.I think this was the windy side of the island.Many beds available and near the toilets.Good for kids.Take some bread and feed the fish.Very clean.Nice snack place on beachSTAFF.Downful.Found the receptionist staff rude and made very little eye contact.If you dont need them your be fine.They speak little English so understood little.OR DID THEY?Very slow.I got the impression if you were from Britain you were treated not the same.POOL.Very nice.The kids pool was huge but does attatch itself to the pool bar where it gets very busy.Especially at weekends.For the non swimmers use armbands as by the bar area it gets deeper whith no depth signs.I can be deceiving.Nasty crack where the kids place with the goal post.Apart from that,its good.Beware theres no Bank Holidays there as the hotel was taken over at weekends and it was like Butlins.ENTERTAINMENT.Excellent.most nights were great.Thought the staff were great.KIDS CLUB.Used a couple of mornings.Seemed fine.OVERALL.Good.Grounds lovely.enjoyed our holiday.Why go to majorca all inclusive when you can pay slightly more to come here.Keep an eye on your personal belongings.I work for a leading Travel Agent in uk and would recommend this hotel.If you need to ask anything pls contact me  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	1	-1	

<Author>sunny69n
<Content>pretty good my girlfriend and i stayed at the sirenis tropical from may 3 to may 10 th,its was our first trip to the carribean and we enjoyed it very much. the resort ground is beautiful,big swiming pool with deep end,two bars in the pool.there is a barbecue on the beach ,they serve fries,hot dogs,hamberers and chicken.The food at the buffet was not excelent but we found something to eat every day.we did not try any a la carte restaurant,but i guess the steak house is good.There is a huge lobby were u can just relax and drink.they have some pretty good drinks,dont forget to try the choco monkey!!!The rooms were ok, we stayed on the tropical side,building o, witch was close to the pool and had a good view of the waves on the beach.I tried snorkling on the resort,it was ok,The beach was beautiful,but the vendors on each side of the beach were anoying.most of the staff are friendly,we tiped a bit but it did not seem to make any difference to them.u have to check out at 12 o clock and for a late check out witch is a 6 o clock cost 50 $ us.we talked to a couple that stayed a the resort and it was there second resort in punta cana and they would definitly return to this one again.The drive from the airport was about an hour long ,the roads were a bite rough,i think this resort is the farthest one from the airport so there is nothing close to it.its was a very good relaxing week.  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>magoonfld
<Content>Amazing time       from our patio, we were in O building  
<Date>May 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MarcoPolo0131
<Content>Awesome trip!       Front of the Resort  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NB-Advisor
<Content>Very Very Very nice Resort Price - Very good compared to other resorts.Airport Transfer - Sure roads weren't the best, however our driver was excellent. Very enjoyable drive to the resort. Buddy will try to sell you a beer for $5.00, I suggest you wait until you get to the resort, where it is FREE...Check In - very smooth and accomodating. Hint get your safe key upon check in. You will have to pay a $3.00 per day rental and a $50.00 deposit. totaling $71.00 per 7 days. Put it on a credit card to save your cash.Room - Nice, nothing fancy , clean comfortable and a good size. We had ocean view. Building M 105 on the Tropical side. Beware of the shower head. Make sure it is pointed to the tub before you turn it on. If you have a small cheap clock radio bring it, there are none in the rooms. We passed ours on to a couple from England who were there for the next couple of weeks. Have a small ext cord if you need to charge cameras, phones, laptops etc.. the wall plugs are built in such a way that the large plug ins don't fit. Regular cords do. Beach - Great. I've been to a few resorts and this was the best for finding a spot on the beach. A good number of huts , most are low to the ground. Tons of loungers... more than enough. I really can't see why some people complain. I suggest you make yourself happy, don't waste your time worrying about other people hoarding chairs etc.. make the most your 7 days... To the north (left) is the Excellence Resort 15 minutes walk. To the south (right) is the Dreams and Colony Bay Resorts 45 min walk. Food - Everywhere... Not the best of the best but I can't see how you can lose weight after 7 days. We were pleased with the selections. For the A-la-cartes we did them all. Oriental Jade great for the entertainment value alone. I had a suprisingly great steak at the Steak house, Mexicn food was good, Seafood was good, Italian was very nice, I even enjoyed the Vegetarian. There are three areas to book your A-la-cartes, we never had to wait that long. Book the Jade first... you can book up to three days in advance. If you are with another couple, book one Rest for 4 people under one room then another Rest for 4 people under the other room...Bars - All over the place. But I think the last free drinks are at 01:00 AM. If you are gambling in the casino the drinks are free, It may be open until 03:00, and the disco is open until 2:00 AM I think, but you pay for your drinks there. Hardly ever much of a line up if any to get a drink. Resort - Nice and secluded away from the main cluster as they are down on the Bavaro beach. Sometimes you have to pay extra for excursions because of the extra travel time. NO TIME SHARE PEOPLE (Promoters) here ... Yahoo !!!!!! ... we spent two weeks at the Occidental Grand Flamenco Resort in Punta Cana in February of this year and they were a Pain in the BUTT.. Very relaxing walk to and from the main buffets without being hounded to attend presentations etc...Entertainment - similar to other resorts. We went most nights. Tips - at the airports or with the Hotel bellboy, as a rule $1 per suitcase. We tiped $1 for most breakfast and lunches. More at the A-la-cartes $3 to $6. The bar staff we would tip $1 every third trip to the bar or $1 to the girls waitressing. Don't forget the pool bar staff , hard for them to get tips as most people only have baithing suits on when drinking in the pool. Overall - Lots of very friendly staff - A good number of english speaking staff. Avoid the shops out in front of the resort main entrance. Dicker with any vendor. We were able to make most purchases for approx 25% of the original price. The Twin brothers Raoul and Paul next to the resort have good ATV trip prices. Not may sand fleasBring items for the gardners, they wear green shirts and pants. The maids are dragging bags of gifts they receive everyday, so I suggest you share with the gardners. I brought pliers, emergency candle packs, insulated mugs, etc.. any type of tool would be appreciated, they have families too. I was always bringing them a bottle of water. I suggest you print off some notes saying  This is a gift to you from Mr and Mrs Smith room Tropical M 105  and date it. They need something to show security when leaving the resort. If not the probably won't be able to take it with them. For Wake up calls - go to the front desk in person to have a wake up call written up in the Wake Up Call Binder. Don't bother calling it in. This is a Very good 4 Star , a 4 1/2 at times.  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>TE101
<Content>Nothing to complain about! AMAZING! I stayed here from April 26-May 4th and this resort is absolutely amazing. I honestly can say I had nothing to complain about. Food: buffet was awesome, great variety, you have the choice to eat at any of the 3 buffets for lunch. The a la carte restaraunts were amazing, I went in a group of 6 (3 rooms) so we got to take advantage of 3 reservations instead of 2, we could have done 6 but decided not to. If you don't want to leave your room, room service is available from 12-10:30 everyday. Rooms: were great! clean, air conditioning ran steady all day long, very spacious, great washrooms, maid service was amazing. Pool and Beach: Both were amazing, we never had a problem getting a hut or loungers, even with 6 of us. Swim up bar is amazing, they kept the drinks coming all day long. Tips: As you may have already heard, tips can go a LONG way. I never stopped tipping and the service was GREAT. They kept the drinks flowing at the bar and we sat at the same table for all 3 meals and drinks were memorized and brought before even asking for them. You already spent a bunch of money to get there, so a few extra dollar bills won't kill you for some extra service. All in all a trip to remember and will probably be returning again next year. The real reason I came to leave this review is to tell you about TWIN BROTHERS EXCURSIONS PAUL AND RAMON. If you go down to the beach and walk down to your left you will stumble upon a little table with a bright red Quad parked right beside it. I have read about him on here and went to look for him. Not like many of the other dominican excursion sellers or gift shop sellers he wasn't pushy at ALL. He tells you what he's got and if you want to choose him, it's up to you. He speaks perfect english and is very accomidating. He gives you the best prices, service and equipment. We went on 4 excursions. First we went horse back riding through the palm forest, through the city, back down to the beach and down to the peak of the island. This isn't like other trail rides, the horses don't just follow eachother and being an experienced rider, I was very impressed with their training and obedience, we got to walk, trot, canter and gallop, the whole 9 yards. It was so fun, I did it twice. Each ride was only suppose to be an hour but the tour guide took us for about an hour and a half every ride. The third excursion we did was parasailing. Ramon gave us the best deal and made sure we had the best time. Our original date was posponed because there wasn't enough wind and Ramone wanted to be sure we had a good time so he said it would be better to wait until the next morning. It was a good idea on his behalf becase it was the best experience of my life. The captain of the boat was great, I felt very safe and he had so much control. He brought us up then dipped us in the ocean then lifted us back up, it was great. The next day we had our Quad tripped booked for the afternoon. When we walked up his way, we saw all 6 shiny red quads lined up ready to go. We hopped on and started our 2 and a half (ended up being 3 hour) ride into the forrest, mountains, country side and city. When going through the city the kids try to catch you and ask for money pr candy but just wave, if you give candy or money to 1, you will get attacked by a swarm of them. Once again you had total freedom to go as fast as you want or as slow as you want to take photos. The tour guides on this excursion were also very good. All my trips were private so it was much more fun. So if your looking for a good time for a good price go see TWIN BROTHERS PAUL AND RAMONE they offer the best price, service and equipment. DO NOT buy excursions from the people on the resort and by the pool as they are over priced and often not safe. Tell Ramone David says hi (he often called me DAVEED)  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JellybeanK
<Content>Excellent Value The High Points:1) Beautiful grounds; lush, well tended gardens, very clean 2) Exquisite beach 3) Good food 4) Great drinks5) Pleasant and attentive staffThe Not So High Points:1) VERY hard beds2) Mediocre (at best) air conditioning 3) Stiff competition for shade at both the pool and beach (Get before 6:00 am to reserve)4) Long ride from airport on very poor road The resort is large so be prepared to do a considerable amount of walking. This resort would not be suitable for those with mobility challenges. The a la carte reservation system is a bit wonky (line ups 2 x per day) but the restaurants were all good so its worth your time to line up. Our group liked the Japanese and Mexican best. but the Italian and Steakhouse were also good. Service was very good irrespective of whether or not you tipped the staff. Little things could be improved - there are more restrooms needed at the beach on the Tropical side. The air conditioning could also be improved.Overall, this resort offers excellent value.  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Victoria1972
<Content>Sirenis is brilliant!!! Never been all inclusive nor to Dominican before, but Sirenis was brilliant.Staff are very pleasant and can't do enough for you. They're all so happy!! Grounds were gorgeous, beach was like it was out of a picture postcard, food and drinks were amazing and the place was really spotless. Choice of mexican, italian, japanese, american, dominican etc food through a choice of different restaurants you could book into on site, or just two huge buffet restaurants serving continental food. All really, really great food.Lots of nighttime entertainment too, plus a outdoor theatre and disco on site which was funny!! Did 3 trips....helicopter trip (astounding!!), swam with sharks and stingrays (amazing!!) and went over to Saona Island (DEFINITELY recommend it). Would go back tomorrow if I could, definitely going back next year. Is the sort of place where you could feel really safe on your own as well.ONE IMPORTANT THING: Book with Thomson or a proper tour operator....we booked through a smaller website and ended up with HOLA TOURS (Dominican based) who were bloody awful, didn't arrange any of our pre-paid airport transfers (stranded at the airport isn't nice!), and left it five days to even say hello and tell us to book all trips through them (hello? we'd already done 2!!). Absolutely rubbish. Thomson took us under their wing, their Thomson Sirenis Rep CARLY deserves a gold medal and to win the lottery, she's totally fantastic. Don't know what we'd have done without her!  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>melaniedoiron
<Content>A hidden Jem +++++       The front of the resort !  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>chales1
<Content>So So I have just returned from Sirenis with my 17 year old son. The grounds and gardens are truly amazing! The gardeners must be applauded!! How ever I found any phone contact with front desk an impossible task. Not a very good command of english and disconnected often. Asked for a wake up call and never received it, nor ever saw a bell boy when requested. IMPOSSIBLE to get a reservation at a la carte restaurants, booked up for the week!!! Sewer back up in our room!!! Had to wait three nights before they could accomadate us with a new room. Brochure says electric same as Canada, NOT! (bring an adapter) Buffet brutal!! Thank good for the best meal we were served, on an excursion to Saona Island, well worth it. Pool great, beach awesome!!!!!! Most staff very nice. Weird cleaning schedule the maids had, sometimes cleaning late in the day when we wanted to use our room.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>helenemart
<Content>much better than I thought We've booked last minute for this hotel (reservation made on 14th and departure was on 19th of april). So since it was a last minute deal, we did not have much choice. We were looking for a 4stars or more with a limited budget. Sirenis was the only one available... in my mind it's not looking good.. well we want to go away for 1 week, lets go... I have been looking at plenty of pictures, none really seemed appealing... but hey a sun and a beach will be fine...So we arrived on the 20th early at 3h30 am, got our room on the spot, grabbed a little something to eat on our way to our room. (I think it's nice to have the resto open all night for those who arrived in the middle of the night. Not that there is a lot to eat, but some croissants with fruits will just do fine until breakfast). At night the place looked nice, we were anxious to see it by daylight. Anyway, we went in the room and we felt really tight. There is a bedroom and a living room, but it seemed to be really small. The room was very clean, but needs some paint job, decoration and repairs. There were no bedspread, really it's not the best room I ever got. So with a bit of disappointment, we went to front desk asking for a better room with ocean view (ours was court view...) Manuel told us to come back the next morning, which we did. Sayonara said they were full and did not have anything. She wrote our room # in a black book and told us to come back the next morning... I thought she would forget all about it.. The next morning we went back. she got us a marvelous room. We got ocean and pool views... it was just perfect. Not that the room was better, it was the exact same layout, but just the views.. we did not mind anymore the room.. Anyway we slept there and that's all... so....The grounds are really nice, well maintained, there are security guards on the site. That is great for 2 lonely women. It is really beautiful.. The employees are fantastic. They are friendly, nice, helpful. There is nothing negative about them. They were all great with us. Service at the italian resto was so so. Food at the vegetarian and italian resto was not great. I believe the buffets have a lot to offer for all meals and again the employees are just lovable. We enjoyed the fresh fruits juices every morning. Alcool is not a problem... they are sometimes too generous with it unlike many other resorts. We wanted a quiet vacation, doing nothing but sunbathing. Although weather was not the best (rain all day 1 day and clouds everyday) we were able to spend our time either at beach or pool or at the resto while drinking a margarita. The beach is not like the ones you find in Cuba, but it's nice. Plenty of palm trees and huts. As in many resorts, people reserved their spot very early in the morning... we had to wake up at 5h30 or 6h00 to make sure we got OUR hut !!! You would be surprised to see all these people that early in the morning...My only negative about this hotel is the lack of shops. There are some little stores at the main entrance, but nothing good (1 clinic, 1 pharmacy, 1 conveniencestore, 1 souvenirstore....) Most of the little mall is empty. There are just a few stores... We did not spend a penny and we chose not to take any trip outside the resort. We saw a couple of shows. They were very good. We were very pleased. The GO seemed fun. We did not join any of the games or activities. They were all at the Cocotal side and we were Tropical (quiet side). Oh one last thing, the pictures don't show the real Sirenis. It is truly more beautiful when you are there. I was a bit scared as I explained but really, it is a nice place to go, simple but neat. I am used to hotel way more luxurious than this one, and I would not hesitate to go back . Don't let yourself influence by bad comments... because they is nothing bad about this hotel... Everything is great and perfect. It will remain in my mind for a very long time.HeleneMontreal, Canada  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CAPERSCapeBreton
<Content>More Than Expected It was our very first trip to a resort. We didn't know what to expect. We were just amazed at the whole experience. From the very first day, staff could not do enough for us, very friendly and pleasant all the time. The grounds were beautiful, beach awesome, beach barbecue wicked, alcohol was all good. Breakfast was great, as was lunch. Dinner had some crazy choices, octopus to KD, but there was always something you could find to eat. Gained weight, so it was good. Night time entertainment was a great way to finish the day. The entertainers were very funny and full of life. Did an excursion to Marinarium. Half day on a boat, dancing, drinking,served drinks in the ocean after we swam with sharks and stingrays, $83., so glad we did it. Had so much fun. Overall review for us was awesome, wish we could go back tomorrow.HAPPY CAPE BRETONER'S  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>8fortheroad
<Content>4 stars Hi we just arrived this morning from Punta Cana , this hotel is a 4 star at it's best . The rooms feel smaller with it divided into a sitting room and bedroom. One of our party had a room in A section that was a regular hotel room with 2 double beds and it felt larger . We had a chance to try 4 a la carte restaurants. For me the Steak house had the best food .We had steak and spare ribs .The Jade was realy fun with the chef cooking in front of you . Here we had chicken , beef , rice , vegetables and shrimps. The Mexican was ok but we didn't know the know what to order and the had a hard time explaining them to us. Our worst was the Italian . The beach is great , nice sand and waves to play in . They do need to put more huts on the beach . This was our 8th trip down south and I had never seen so many people arguing over saving chairs . It was realy bad , they would put a string around the leg of a chair and say that it was their chairs. Others tied chairs together with bandanas .And some others would leave empty bottle of sunblock and water toys on chairs all night . The staff never moved any thing off the chairs as they would rearrange them at 6 pm. This was the worst we had ever seen . And it put a sour tast in our mouths for this resort. The staff is realy nice and they all work realy hard .  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	4	3	5	4	

<Author>slimdigga
<Content>All Inclusive! No Problem!       The lobby area near the buffet restaurants.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	3	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>jclarkHalifax
<Content>Excellent Resort for the price Four of us stayed at the Sirenis from April 13th to 20th. The drive to hotel is not bad at all like others have made it to be. There are potholes of course but I have experienced a lot worse here in the Maritimes. Unless you consider yourself a princess then the drive to the resort will be fine.The check in was quick and painless per say. I was surprised when they wanted a $50 deposit for the room safe key on top of the $3/day rental fee. Keep it in mind when budgeting how much money you will need. My parents got a surprise when they got there. They were upgraded to a suite on the cocotal side which was very nice. It had a sunken jacquzzi tub, two showers, massive size room, bigger patio, and windows everywheres. I got to stick with my one bedroom suite on the tropical side which was very nice but not as nice as theirs. Our room was in the F building on the end which made it a bit bigger than the other suites. We went to a friends room and noticed immediately that our end unit room was bigger. The shower can make a bit of a mess because of the small glass wall instead of a shower curtain. I thought we didn't have hot water but we did, the hot water for the shower only comes on in a certain spot on the water dial.Grounds are amazing. Lots of care taken. Flamingos out front. Two peacocks walk around out front by the shops, be careful because they can scare the crap out of you if you don't see them but all of a sudden hear them. The pool is huge. One end is more quiet on the tropical side. The shallow end on the cocotal side has a bit more action. Chairs have to be reserved early in order to get a good spot with shade. The chair wars will never end i am afraid. Great cocktails. I loved the Miami Vice which is not on the menu but is half pina colada and half strawberry daiquiri. The Sirenis Especiale tastes like an orange creamsicle. The white russians are very good as well. Unless you are an apple vacations customer you don't get beer in the mini fridge only water and pop. Bring your own diet coke if thats what you drink because coke light tastes horrible, no diet coke there.The food was good. I loved the soft ice cream served during lunch by the pool. I brought my own root beer to make root beer floats. The nachos and cheese were good. Loved the mashed potatoes, tasted really creamy. The buffet was the same pretty much as any other buffet at any other resort. Same old, same old, omelette station, rice, fish, beef, pork, potatoes of some sort, fruites, no real salad. We ate at the steak house, japanese, and mexican ala cartes. Liked all three. Loved the Japanese one, best meal I have ever had. I have been to the Himachi restaurant here in Halifax and liked the japanese meal at the Sirenis much better. Had the beef tenderloin at the steak house, order it instead of the striploin and you will thank me. You only get 3 ribs if you order the ribs. The dessert selection is good everywheres at the resort.I brought my laptop because they offer free wireless internet in the lobby. Very good speed. Easy to connect to with a password they give you. I was able to receive emails but was not able to send them for some reason. Hotmail worked fine once I set it up. Kept up on the hockey scores for everyone.Beach is okay but not like Varadero, Cuba. It is fine biege sand. The ocean is rought here but still beautiful. Not good area to snorkel. Did the parasailing for $45 for single or $85 for pair. It was fun a decent amount of time. They take video and pictures to try and sell to you after. Each day some photographers come around the pool area with a monkey or parrots or lizard to get photos with. I beleive the cost was $7 USD. The sports bar was completely empty every day. It has ping pong table and pool tables. It has a bar with a bartender that I am sure is bored to death each evening. Entertainment is pretty good. The MC each night is really funny. Overall I would definately go back to this resort. I loved the set up of the resort. I loved the pool area and the lobby.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	3	3	5	

<Author>VaughnFox
<Content>Great Spot! My wife and I returned from a great week at Sirenis Tropical on April 21. This is a very nice resort. The food was good, as was the entertainment. We tried 3 a la cartes; the Italian, which we thought was OK, the Japanese was amazing, and the Steak House was very good. The beach was nice; we enjoyed it every day of our stay. The only negative thing I can say about the resort was that it was large. And because it was large we found the wait staff and bartenders were rotated around to various posts and we didn鈥檛 really get to know any one person as we had in previous visits to other resorts.In short, this was a great spot and we would return again in a minute.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	-1	3	4	3	

<Author>holidayref45
<Content>Great resort !!!!!! Stayed at the Sirenis Tropical from April 13 -20 and had a great week full of Sun, great food and lots of activities . Arrived on Sunday morning at 11 am. and our rooms were not ready until 2 pm. but this was not a problem as they watched your luggage while you headed for the beach , pool or bar to begin your fun. Rooms at the tropical are spacious and well kept . The maids did a great job on our room each day and never an issue here. The breakfast buffet was good with lots of variety and the morning Coffee was great. The staff at the buffets were very freindly and were always available to assist you. The Dominican people are some of the friendliess and funniest people you will ever meet. The pool is beautiful and the two swim up bars are very popular . The bartenders were friendly and the drinks are awesome . The beach and beach hut area were very nice with a beach barbecue and bar area so you don`t have to go far for your food and drinks when your at the beach . The activties during the day were a blast and the entertainment crew worked hard to make sure everyone was involved . Chico Rico , James Bond and Spahgetti were especially friendly . The entertainment crew worked all day at the beach and then performed nightly at the shows which were also great . The A la carte restuarants were good ranking them 1-4 , Italian , Chinese , Steakhouse and Mexican . Shopped for souvenirs on both sides of the resort ( you have to barter with them for a good price) found the shopping at a plaza (5 minutes away - $5.00 by taxi)of the resort better . My wife and i went with another couple and completely enjoyed our stay at the sirenis and are looking forward to returning again .  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	4	4	3	5	3	

<Author>gpatton
<Content>Wonderful Vacation My husband and I went on our first vacation and stayed at Sirenis we loved it. We were there from March30 till april7 the weather was alittle windy and cloudy but when the sun came out it was beautiful. The service was excellent and the bartenders were awesome so was the beer. I cant say anything bad about this resort except bring a watch or an alarm clock. The food was pretty good and the ala cartes were great. I would definatly go back again.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>littlestar1981
<Content>Well worth the long journey My boyfriend and I stayed at the Sirenis Tropical Suites from 14-21 April 2008. We had seen the Sirenis Cocotal advertised for 拢300 pp more, but went with the Tropical Suites. Good job, since all the facilities are shared, there are just separate check in and guest service desks, but you could use either anyway! In fact, I'm glad we went for Tropical Suites as we often were in bed before 10pm, and if we had been on the Cocotal side I think the noise of the entertainment would have disturbed us. Our room was in the building with the reception and buffet restaurants (A), on the top floor. We never expected anything amazing as we had booked only 2 weeks prior to travel, but it more than met our needs with 2 double beds which we put together and a fridge full of water, sprite and coca cola. My only criticism of the particular room we had would be that the shower took some time to get warm, you had to guess which way to turn it to get hot water, and that the roof of our balcony was made of palm leaves so when it rained the balcony was out of use for several hours... nice nesting place for birds though!The grounds are amazing and the staff obviously take great pride in them as we found lots of staff consantly tending to the gardens. Two nights one of the frogs in the fountain was turned round... was put back straight by the staff very quickly!We used the pool several times during our stay, great for everyone with varying depths. I don't know how often it is cleaned but there seemed to be quite a lot of leaves etc in it, and a very bad smell when sitting at the swin up bar on the Tropical Suites side. We never went to the pool before 10am, and there was rarely a shaded area to sit which is annoying but I have never been anywhere where that isn't the case. I liked the fact you were given 'towel keys' which you changed for towels to use at the pool/on the beach, and you could change for new ones when they got wet. Some people have said the $20 charge for a lost towel/towel key is harsh but I suppose it just ensures you don't dump them. Maybe this facility should be optional?The beach was amazing, quite windy though. Again there were rarely shaded areas to sit but we tended to walk up and down rather than sit and bathe. I just wish there were less men trying to sell you paintings - we only walked northwards once because of an overly persistent seller. The restaurants - the buffet was OK, I didn't expect anything better. I definitely recommend making reservations for the restaurants though. We tried the steak house (Steak great, everything else not that good), Mexican (good, but slow service), Italian (lovely) and Japanese (fab, just the experience). The breakfast in the morning was brilliant and I always found something to eat if I was hungry at lunch. The drinks were on tap all day, but I agree with other comments that the cocktails were too sweet (and I'm a big cocktail fan) and too much alcohol (yes I did say that!!) I highly recommend going to Reef Explorer (or marinarium if you have kids), we also went to Saona Island (fantastic but a long, long journey) and on a day trip called Outback Safari to local houses, schools, mountains, a beach etc which was fab. Overall I would definitely recommend this resort and hotel - I have said that I wouldn't go back but that's only because I never go to the same place twice!  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>marley_8
<Content>Nice resort, but not a 4 1/2 or 5 star as we were told We just returned from our stay at this resort, it was nice but definitely not a 4 1/2 or 5 star. The rooms are made to sound much better than they are in the write-up. They were just ok. If you are looking for white sand, don't go here. It is beige colored. Also, you should know that the drinks are not included in the disco, you have to pay for them out of your pocket. The all inclusive bars close at 12:00. You cannot walk down the beach for miles as stated, because the security guards will stop you in your tracks at the next resort (Excellence Punta Cana), and tell you you cannot walk any further, even though there are not any private property signs. All in all it was ok, for the amount we paid for it, it was good value for the dollar.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gdinardo
<Content>Definitely a 4 star resort A friend and I stayed at the Sirenis Tropical from April 12th - April 18th. Overall we had a great time and I would rate this resort at a 4 star level...with some aspects of it being a bit below 4 star quality.Check in was a breeze for us but I think that was attributed to checking in at 3 a.m. Check in took all of about 10 minutes and our room was ready right away.The rooms are a little shoddy and are definitely in need of a bit of maintenance/upkeep but they were far from being horrible. You hardly spend time in your room anyhow. We weren't as impressed with the housekeeping as other reviews have mentioned but it was definitely adequate.I can't say enough about how beautiful the grounds are along with the pool and the beach. It was the first time in Punta Cana for both of us and it was amazing how much more beautiful the beaches are in comparison to places in Mexico. We didn't have a problem with reserving a hut by the pool. We would take turns getting up at 7 and reserving a spot with our towels and our books and everyone seems to respect this method of reserving a spot. All guests were curteous and kind for the most part. We were both a little dissapointed with the drinks. My friend was especially dissapointed with the lack of slushy type drinks. The general mixes that they use for the majority of their drinks are so overly sweet. I could not handle drinking them and my friend has quite a sweet tooth and she couldn't stomach them either. So we stuck to champagne, beer (very good), rum and coke and the like...the wine with dinner was also quite good. The lobby bar is a great place to sit and have a couple of drinks before dinner. The bartenders are great and they also serve great popcorn if you ask for it. I think it may be for the kids but we had no shame in asking for some also! The food in general was quite good. Everything was very tastey and neither of us had any real complaints about the buffets or any of the restaurants. You can only book one reservation per day but we had no problem getting into all the restaurants we wanted to try. We tried the Mexican, the Steakhouse, Jade (Japanese), Cinecitta (Italian) and the Vegetarian restaurants. Some better than others but overall no real complaints as I said before. Nightlife was pretty good also. There was a show every night usually followed by Karaoke or a live band along with the Casino and the Disco that are open all night. There is definitely always something to do and the Animation team was very good at involving the crowd and making sure that everyone was having a good time.The staff were all very kind and helpful. No one expects a tip at all but it obviously is a very nice gesture to these employees who work very hard. They are always smiling and singing and make you feel so welcome.As I said before...overall we had a great time. For the great price that we booked in at, it was definitely worth every penny. I don't think either of us will be back as we would both like to try other resorts in Punta Cana.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>McHutt
<Content>Good Family Vacation Family of 7 stayed at the Tropical side from Apr.11-18 for our annual getaway. Two of us were in Dominican at Dreams for a wedding in Dec. and based on that positive experience, decided to bring the family back to the DR. Rooms: On the whole, I agree with some of the other reviews in that the rooms are tired looking and in need of some repair. Toilet running issue, water flooded (not leaked) through the ceiling during a rain storm, and this was a ground floor room. Big gap under the front door in one of the rooms which meant we had some unwelcome visitors. On the positive side, the maids were excellent and kept everything extremely clean.Pool: I agree saving chairs is annoying, but unless you join in the practice there is no way to find chairs for 7 people much past 10 am. It was also disappointing that they close the pool at 6 pm which I think it too early. The pool itself was great with both shallow and deep areas, but advise you not to sit too close to the long grates between the seating area and the pool due to the smell. This is where a lot of the unfinished drinks get poured by the staff which tends to just sit in a trough under the grates adding to the foul odour. Be aware that although topless is posted as prohibited by the pool, this does not stop everyone and no one does anything to stop it either. Food: Again, agree with many other reviews in that the food at the buffet was good quality but boring. We had two vegetarians in our family, who were pretty much restricted to the same menu day in and day out on the buffet. Suggest they have menus available when booking a la cartes so you know what to expect when making your 2/3 choices. Experienced several of the a la cartes and found the vegetarian to be the most disappointing with obvious microwaved and dried out main dish coupled with cold cooked vegetables...oh well, at leat they offer a vegetarian restaurant just wish it was better. I would also suggest that they rethink the hours of operation for their food services. Many travellers arrive throughout the day, and although the hotel advertises that the Bohio is open, you can only get a very restrictive menu of nachos, fruit, tired looking hot dogs and burgers. Also we were told there would be coffee makers in the room but this didn't happen and if your rooms are close to the pool, you have to walk a very long way to get that first morning coffee. They should consider coffee stands closer to the the pool. Oh yes, while they do have the machines and advertise lattes and cappucinos on their bar menus, they are not available.Spa: Nice facility. The ladies treated ourselves and had relaxing massages while the men enjoyed the n/c jacuzzi and sauna on several days.Entertainment: Enjoyed two of the shows and while extremely loud, they were entertaining. Two in our party were ages 11 and 16, and unfortunately there is not much for them to do in the way of entertainment. Suggest they invest in a games room/area to attract all ages.Late check out: Check out is 12pm, and given our pick up was 5:25 pm, we appreciated that the hotel offers guests late check out for a fee so be aware in advance if you are budgetting. A sheet under the door day of departure advertised $40 for 4 pm check out, but 3 hours later when arranging for late check out, we were told sorry but the fee just went up and it is now $45. While $5 is not significant, it was the principle and dispite a request to talk directly to the manager, which was denied, they stuck to their guns and said it was my choice to pay the extra $5 or not have late check out. Bad form!Overall: We have been to 4+ properties in several countries (Dominican included) and would have to rate this one a solid 3+. The family totally enjoyed the time away together so this review is not meant to be totally critical but rather informative of the property itself. The grounds are beautiful and the staff extremely friendly. I do hope that the management team acknowledges some of the areas which need improvement as this can only add to their business both repeat and new.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>SusanHH
<Content>Had a wonderful time       Saona  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>nmack_1
<Content>Beautiful...... I stayed @ Sirenis tropical From April 5th to April 12th with my spouse and 2 other couples and had a wonderful time. Check in was my biggest problem. our room was not ready for about 2 hours after we got there so it was a little frustrating waiting around for it. After that we had a wonder ful experience. the service was excellent, very friendly staff, very clean grounds. Ate at the steak house-pretty good, mexican-loved it, and italian-pretty good, buffet was repeditive but always found something to eat. loved the ice cream at the snack bar, just like McDonalds!! The entertainment was of great variety really enjoyed it.We went on the excursion tropical Strom full day and loved it . one big party all day long. the weather all week long was beautiful, 42C one day!!!!! My only other complaint is that there were no clocks in the rooms, so bring a watch! i would definitely recommend this resort to a friend!!  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>suzy-denis
<Content>Room for improvement This was a mixed experience. The beach was beautiful, the waiters were really nice and there was always a good choice of food at every meal. However, we were extremely frustrated by the whole long chair reservation experience. We are early risers and at 7 am all the best places were reserved with everything from towels to hats and flip flops and this the night before. We were stunned to see these people take possession of their chairs at 10-11 am since they obviously did not have to rush having already gotten the best places. This is the first time I see such a practice. The front desk was also not very good at following up on request such as looking after a broken air conditioner. I also had to go looking for the cleaning lady on two occasions torequest towels from her as well as shampoo as they were not always automatically replaced. Minior detail but useful:The tv remote did not work unless you called the front desk and got the code, a detail they fail to mention when you check in. Make sure you also specify one bed as most rooms have two small beds which we found out upon opening our bedroom door.The ride to the hitel was about an hour long. Ours wasn't so bumpy. Probably because we travelled to and from the resort during the day and the driver was able to avoid all the potholes.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	5	3	4	3	

<Author>klsnyc805
<Content>Good Value Overall       Beach v-ball court early in the day (very windy)  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	2	4	1	3	4	

<Author>slslmt
<Content>Not going Back This hotel was rated as a 4* but that's a real stretch. The Pro's: the beach was great and always clean...but there's a lot of positioning for chairs early in the morning and as we found out, towels and personal things on chairs are not always honored....they're just removed (or taken) along with the chair. The Drinks were good though there was no top shelf available. Several of the Restaurants were lovely (Jade; Italian) but the main buffet was pretty much same old, same old. The Staff were nice enough, esp the underlings were sweet and friendly. The white shirts were nice but a little curt. I expect a response from the person standing at the buffet door when I offer a greeting but she continued to talk with her friendsCon's: It has a tired feel and look...the grounds were dry, the rooms were worn, although the beds were comfy. We upgraded to the Tropical side for a Junior suite...don't bother. The furniture wasn't comfy and the refrig was only cool. Everyone one seemed to be smoking with very few nonsmoking area available...esp the bar areas.....would have liked a bar I could sit at in the evening with clean air. There's also a $20.00 charge for a lost beach towel...please! You could buy 3 for $20 at any store...or simply increase rates buy $5 per person and not charge or give out towel card at all. On our last night we called for security because of a large and very noisy beach/singing party at 3 a.m. It finally broke up about 5:30 a.m....so much for security. We also felt that couples were catered to more than 2 women (my sister and I). We asked several time for a 2nd story room (non available) but for 3 days we watched couples move in to the not available ones. Overall, I'm not going back...no matter how good the deal...oh, and the picture that is in the ads must be the honeymoon suite because we never saw anything that came close.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>PEI18
<Content>PEI Travellers My husband and I just returned from a vacation at the Sirenis Tropical Suites. We have vacationed in Cuba and Puerto Plata on previous trips and this resort was the nicest. The grounds are beautiful and the resort itself is laid out really well. The pool was huge and the beach was fabulous. The food was ok and the a la carts were good. We especially liked the Japenese and the Mexican restaurants. The hotel staff was very friendly and the service was excellent. The lobby bar is very nice with lots of seating for everyone. Our only complaint was the lack of an alarm clock in the rooms. We would certainly recommend this resort to anyone and if you have the opportunity to take the Saona Island Excursion, it is well worth the money.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>riddler456
<Content>A few Annoyances but Very Good Overall Trip advisor was very helpful in choosing this resort and most of the reviews are very accurate. I liked this resort a lot but you definitely have to go into it with a certain level of expectations and expect things to not go perfectly. I am 30 years old and I went with my GF for 4 nights to the Sirenus Tropical Suites .This was my first trip to a DR resort, and outside of Cancun my first resort ever. The good: The resort was huge and clean and the staff was very friendly. The pool was amazing and huge, the beach was big and very nice. The drinks available were extensive. If you ask for Bacardi or Stoli Vodka or Bialy鈥檚 you can get it. Its hidden underneath every bar so you have to ask for it or you will be drinking local liquor. There was always something to do whether it be beach volleyball, pool volleyball, soccer, water polo, tennis, horse back riding, shows at night (which were very entertaing and I recommend all of them, but again don鈥檛 expect Broadway shows). The rooms were very clean. Now the all important food issue. The buffet is decent and you will find something you like each day and night ( I would not want to eat it 7 days straight for a week but you will do just fine for a few nights a week if you look around). The restaurants are all good. The Mexican, Italian and Japanese all had some very good dishes. I highly recommend them over the buffet but you must get on line in the morning to make reservation. Dispite the fact they are half full the resort will not let you attend usually without a reservation. We did get a few bad dishes but we just sent them back for something we liked a lot better. We always ended up with a very good meal. Wine with dinner and champagne at the lobby bar is the way to go.The Bad: Getting there was hell. It鈥檚 a 1 hour bumpy ride from the airport and our driver almost crash 2-3 times. Once we got there at 3pm our room was not ready and they TWICE brought us to a room that was taken. After 2 hours of walking around the resort we complained straight to management and we were immediately put in a nicer room by the beach. This was the worst part of the whole trip and after this it was smooth sailing and a great time. I will warn you not to expect too much from the mixed drinks. The Pina Colada鈥檚 and Strawberry Daquari and Margaritas left a lot to be desired. (they all use the same mix which makes no sense). I kept to the Bacardi, Stoli, Baily鈥檚 ,Wine and Champange the whole time. The staff didn鈥檛 speak English at all and that was the one frustrating thing throughout the whole trip. In fact very few guests seem to be from America. Most were British or French. If you are single this is probably not the best place to go though.In short if you tamper your expectations and expect some annoyances I think you will be very happy with this resort considering the very low price compared to other resorts at its level. If you have a nice driver from the airport you probably wont mind driving the extra 30 min to save a lot of money. Just don鈥檛 expect check in to go smooth from what I read and what I saw.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	1	5	1	5	5	

<Author>HalifaxNewly_weds
<Content>Great Vacation.       Getting Coconuts  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>stephan_2008
<Content>nice 4 stars hotels       room  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>RedstripeMontr茅al
<Content>Wow!!! I'm so impress!!!       Walkway  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>ted08
<Content>Cape Breton Girl After reading some of the reviews we were a little scared on what to expect. When we arrived until we left we had a wonderful experience. There is not one thing I can find to complain about, we went to Puerto Plata last year and enjoyed that. This place was 10 times better, in our future years of travelling it will be very hard to beat this place. The resort grounds were just beautiful with flowers everywhere, there was always great food to eat, buffets, a la cartes and of course beach barbeque. The pool was huge, clean and beautiful. We left small amounts of money and trinkets on our pillow every morning and would return to have swans, hearts made with our towels and lots of flowers in bedroom and bathroom. The animation team is hilarious and shows are excellent. Would return in a heartbeat...  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sunfun4ever
<Content>Best resort in DR I have been to 3 different resorts in DR and Sirenis was the best! The food at the resturants is out of this world, we only got the chance to eat at the italian and mexican but they were both amazing! The service was superior and staff very friendly. The pool was clean and so beautiful! I highly recommend the resort and will be going back.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Lukarias
<Content>Excellent vacations. Great resort.       Pool  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>starttotravel
<Content>Would go back anytime!!! My husband and I went on a vacation after 17 years of always going with family or friends. It was fabulous. The people were great. Staff, food, excursions.... they were all a blast.I recommend the Saona Island trip!! Fun..Fun... Well worth the $$$.Met some wonderful people for all over the world. Try to learn a bit of french or spanish. It would help you with the basics.Would go back in a minute!!!  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	3	5	3	

<Author>7Odie
<Content>Very Impressed We stayed at the Sirenis Tropical Suites from March 2 until March 13, 2008. We were very pleased with the resort despite having read some of the reviews. Either the people complaining were at some other resort or they are just chronic complainers, as we did not encounter any of the problems that they wrote about. The ride from the airport is long but it was no big deal. Once we arrived, the check in process was fast and efficient. The bellboy took our luggage to our rooms immediately. The resort is well laid out and definitely not huge like some of the resorts in the Punta Cana area. You could enjoy a leisurely walk to all amenities at this resort, which is extremely well kept and very pretty. The staff are always working to keep everything clean. They are always smiling or singing and never pass by you without saying Hola. The animation staff are fun and you can get involved with their activities if you want or just say no thanks and they will leave you alone. Our adult children joined us for the first week of our vacation. They had so much fun that when it was time to go home, they were very sad. Our daughter's boyfriend had never been to an all inclusive resort and he had the best time ever. He got involved with the activities, had so much fun and can hardly wait to go away again next year. They are already saving for it. The pool was lovely and very well kept. The beach was great too. During the time we were there, the ocean was fairly calm. You could walk the beach for miles in either direction. It is not very developed in this area and the beach is just naturally beautiful. The food at the resort was great. We have travelled to many resorts and this resort has had the best food by far. We enjoyed the a' la carte restaurants but were just as pleased with the buffet. They even had lobster and shrimp at the buffet one night. The beach grill had wonderful chicken but the hamburgers were pretty good too. The resort allows vendors to come in every other evening. We found these people to be over priced and pretty rude for the most part. We visited the beach vendors on either side of the resort and found the souvenirs we wanted for alot less money. I found the vendors to the right of the resort to be a little more aggessive than the ones to the left. We had some good laughs with the vendors to the left. We met the twin brothers Paul and Ramon who have the ATV's, deep sea fishing, etc. They were wonderful to talk to. We didn't book any excursions but would not have hesitated if that was what we were looking for. We walked down the beach one night when the locals had a bonfire going. They were fishing and having a good time. They welcomed us, showed our son how they fish with their water bottle and fishing line. They let my son try it and he caught a little crab. Paul and Ramon are business men who want people to have a good time and feel safe. That is what keeps a good business going. We went back the next day and finished our shopping with Ramon's help. I look forward to going back to the Sirenis Tropical and visiting with the twin brothers again someday. As I said, we have been to lots of resorts and this one is definitely worth a return trip.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>AlexTUR
<Content>very dissapointed of 5 stars resort March 28, Toronto, CanadaWe have just returned from Punta Cana.Based on posted reviews we defined this resort as one of the best of Punta Cana. And frankly Trip Advisor reviews were always a base for me to find a place to get away. Unfortunately, not at this time.Overall, resort itself is not bad: clean with good, but not best beach. And that's all.1.It was over crowded so badly that if you want to take a place on the beach - you have to wake up at 6:00 a.m. I did not see such a thing in Cuba, Mexico,Panama, Costa Rica where I have been for last 7 years.2.Everybody knows: to take a place on the beach you have to leave beach towel of smth else on the beach chair. It was not safe enough to do so on that resort : some peoples found their towels stolen ( for each stolen towel you have to pay $20).3.Not just towels were stolen on the beach but such a things as SUN LOTION, other belongings ( small ones).Is that sound good?4. Maid who was cleaning up my suite stole some of my wife's make up things and did not admit it at all.5.Our last day incident was pretty awful : when we left our room we forgot to take from the fridge a can of Russian caviar which was presented us by friend of mine from France who I met on this resort. When my wife came back to our suite in 10 min to check, maid who was there that time said she did not see anything, After my wife warned her about management will know about this - maid returned back this can but it was OPENED!!! I never had before such a bad experience.Even in Cuba where service in many resorts is not that good - it was never happened such as this disgusting thing.6.Food was not bad but so boring, I mean repetitive : every day - the same. 6 restaurants with specific menu as Italian, Japanese etc.- just funny for 5 stars resort.7. Water. They supply water in bottles to drink. I have a good stomach, my wife - too. After 2 days drinking that water we felt bad. When we quit to drink that water trying to have juices and fruits only, even Coke although I never drink it in Canada - we were OK. As this was my first trip to Dominican Republic - I will never ever visit this country again.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>bevrod
<Content>Outstanding Vacation Last year (March 07), was my first time to Punta Cana. We stayed at Barcelo Premium. I thought THAT was amazing until I stayed at the Sirenis Tropical this March!We stayed on the Tropical (Suites) side, but had a chance to see one of the Sirenis Cocotal rooms - and they are equally as nice - just no separate living area.The resort seems to be a bit older than the Barcelo - but it in no way lacks for anything (except for the electrical outlets - required converter for some hair appliances, while others worked OK - depends on the appliance).I was most impressed by the grounds - they were extremely beautiful and well-cared for. The attention to detail did not stop there. Staff were constantly cleaning, tidying, organizing - everyone from the gardeners to the managers took great pride in maintaining this resort. Everywhere was service with a smile and if you can learn a bit of Spanish before you go, the staff love to chat! Security was fabulous. There was one instance where a guest started to get a little loud (one in every crowd!) and the security was on the spot from no where and diffusing the situation. (Hope this is OK to post, but I feel it is very important).The food was great. Last year, didn't find the food bad, but didn't find it anything to rave about. Here at the Sirenis - even the buffet was appetizing and had a great variety each nite. The al a carte restaurants were also great - we had the Italian, the Mexican and the Japanese. Note re the a la carte - you can only book one per day per room - so go early when guest services opens. The maid service was exceptional. Fresh flowers every nite, lots of fancy folded towels (which we did not get last year at Barcelo). I am very partial to a clean room when travelling, and the fact that I could smell the bleach (or whatever they used to clean with) when I came back to room before dinner was heaven to me! Not a hair or sand in site in the bathroom!Don't be put off by the drive from the airport (approx 60 - 75 mins). It really isn't that bad, and it's well worth it!We had one request when we first arrived. We had asked our travel agent to book us a second floor room. Of course, when we got there, we had a first floor room. We put in our request the first night for a change and were told to come back the next day. The next day, we were told to come back the next day! The next day, after being told again - we invoked the help of our tour rep - and had a new room within three hours. So, if you were to ask me if I would stay at this resort again - I've already registered my VIP card for next year! Ask about it from guest services when you go! Oh, and try the Sirenis specialty drink - a creamsicle with a punch!  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	3	5	4	

<Author>magginine
<Content>Fun and casual, important things done right! Stayed here for holy week in March 2008. Much has been said before so I'll just touch on the areas I feel necessary:Flew Air Transat out of Canada, flight delayed approx 2 hours, otherwise greatCheck-in, room not available right away, came back in 1 hour and it was ready.Rooms, very basic but clean. We requested king bed but got 2 doubles, not a big deal, pushed them together. Brought our own pillows and I would highly recommend this, made for good sleeps. Maid service was good. Towel art left for us on 2 days out of 7, fridge always restocked.Food at buffets was good, nice variety and well cooked/presented, A la cartes, tried all except steakhouse and gourmet. Liked the Mexican and Japanese the best. Seafood/Mediterranean was terrible. Lunch at the beach bbq was fantastic, buffet lunches there also good. Soft serve ice cream available, yummy.Beach, as we are used to in Punta Cana, beautiful. Powdery light sand, turquoise water. Windy on most days, water too strong to swim in the ocean on 2 of our days but didn't affect our stay. Unlike Bavaro beach, there is no resort directly next to the Sirenis on either side. Walk for about 20 mins either way and you'll encounter Dreams on the right and Excellence on the left. Beach seemed endless for walking.Pool, we didn't use it much but it was nice with shallow and deeper sections, nice pool bar.Animation: Exceptional! They worked very hard to entertain us and chat. Good variety of activities for all ages. They go from 10 am to 1 pm at the beach. Then break til 3 pm when they come back from 3-5 with more activities at the pool and beach. Kudos to them for a job well done.Service...this is where this resort truly shines. All the staff are phenomenal. From the waiters to the busboys to the reception to the entertainers and bartenders. These people must love their jobs because they're all very happy and happy to help. We tipped here and there, giving more to the people we saw regularly who really took care of us but service seemed great regardless of whether you tipped or not.Nightly Entertainment: Very good and varied. Fantastic dancers and good humour one night with audience participation act. House band sings in the lobby each night and again after the nightly show. They do their best with the same 10 songs. Keep your ears open for the oddest sounding version of Every Breath You Take you've ever heard! hahaNightclub: Drinks are not free here for all guests, only certain bracelets get free drinks from specific tour operators. Good music, good atmosphere, fun disco.Drinks are good, most had a good amount of alcohol in them. Local liquor though, not much top shelf stuff. I heard that if you ask for Bacardi and Dewalt's etc, you'll get it. I'm not a huge drinker so I was perfectly happy. My husband, being more of a connaisseur, would have enjoyed more top shelf stuff.This is a very solid low-glitz 4 star resort with amazing staff. Don't expect too much in the way of luxury, especially in your room, but you'll have a blast. If you don't have fun, it's not because they didn't try their best. The size of the resort is perfect. The guests come from all over and people watching here is fun. My husband and I loved this place, we found it to be both fun and relaxing and would return in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	5	3	

<Author>4Geminis
<Content>Nice hotel, not many Americans Our family 2 children ages 7  9 stayed at this hotel March 17 - 24 2008 and booked via Apple Vacations. Very easy destination to travel to, although the Sirenis Resort is almost the furthest from the airport in Punta Cana (1 hour drive). The further from the airport, the rougher the seas - so for little kids, sometimes the beaches can be rough and we had 5 out of 7 days the beaches were either totally closed or caution flags flying. The resort is huge - two resorts in one, the Cocotal side and the Tropical Suites side. We stayed in the latter. Our suite was very small, a little sitting area with a roll away bed and a couch - which is where the kids slept, and a bedroom with door which had two full size beds. Other than this furniture, there was almost nothing else as it would not fit in our small rooms. Both rooms had doors that led to a small patio. We were not in our room very much so the size and lack of decor did not matter. Bring your own pillows as theirs are low quality at best. The resort has a huge pool with many different areas, one was more party side (Cocotal) and the suites side was quieter. Live shows nightly were entertaining and fun to see. Food was good to average; Mexican, Japanese and Vegetarian were the best. Don't waste time on the steak house. We were almost the only Americans at this hotel, except for a few spring break college students also on Apple. This meant that we had to use our limited Spanish often which was good for all of us and the staff could not have been more patient with us on this. Very nice staff. Our Apple rep was very kind but often misinformed. Chairs by the pool or beach in the shade were hard to come by but after a while you get the hang of how to make this happen - put out your towels on the way to breakfast or move chairs later, etc. The hotel was full and it was really never a big issue with us. I would say about 40% of the women went topless, which after a while you really don't notice, my kids never commented on it. We felt the rating of 3.5 stars for this hotel was very accurate. The hotel was clean, bug free, kind staff with limited english, and nice facilities. If you are looking for an American resort in a foreign land, this is not for you. Fortunately, we were not. Probably would try something closer to the airport next time as all the activities leave out of this area so we spent a lot of time being shuttled back and forth.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>ranjo1
<Content>Mar.5-19th 2008       Twin brothers quad trip  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>BeachBum321
<Content>Trip of a Lifetime!!       Seafood restraunt...book early!!  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>caznbaz
<Content>Fab hotel - no dicky tummy probs here This is a really good quality hotel for the money. It looks beautiful from the time you arrive until the time you leave. The food is varied and available all day at a number of buffet based venues. The al a carte's are also good and make a change from buffet style food.The drink quality is great and the cocktails are fab - professionally made and unlimited. Loads of comfy seating space in the bar.Pool is huge and winding and has something for everyone, swim up bar, deep water part, toddlers parts etc etc. Beach is lovely, and cleaned daily, you can walk miles in either direction if you choose to.Sea can be rough - and snorkelling is very disappointing.There is a spa and gym which looked good but we never tried them.The room / suite, whilst entirely adequate and very spacious, is a bit lack-lustre, but don't let this put you off, it has all the things you need in a hotel room 2 TV's, 2 double beds, stocked fridge, safe, huge wardrobe spaces, balcony, fab shower etc etc. The only thing it lacked was a kettle (we brought our own).If you have children, there is definitely a playground on site, but it is in full sun and I never saw any kids club etc going on. This would worry me if I had little ones as there doesn't seem to be much for them to do in shaded areas.We ate and drank everything we could all week and never once had an upset stomach - I consider this is a major achievement for most AI hotels. I would definitely return.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	4	5	4	

<Author>lindamcira
<Content>Great Resort - Love the Dominican People!! Returned from the Sirenis February 29 where we had stayed for a week. What a wonderful time we had. We loved it so much, we are returning in April for another week. The grounds are beautiful, the pool is fabulous and the beach is incredible. The people are amazing, so loving and warm. We just love the Dominican people. They are such hard working people who are very caring and do whatever they possibly can to make your stay enjoyable. The rooms are fine, nothing fancy but fine. Our refrigerator was very well stocked daily with water and pop. We loved the beds. I know people complained about them being too hard but for my husband and myself they were fabulous - the best seep we have ever had in any hotel. We love a good, hard mattress. not the soft pillow top that some hotels use. The pillows are another story but we made do with what we had - our girl did bring us more pillows but they were pretty much the same as what we had. The food was good - there was always something at the buffet - no need to complain about the food. The staff fabulous - we particularly loved William who was always filling our glasses with water or wine or coffee in the morning or evening. He was great, always a big smile on his face and everything was perfectAlthough everything was fabulous, when I saw the room, I must admit that I was disappointed and did say that I would probably not return - well I ate my words - I ended up loving it there so much that the room really did not bother me after awhile and here I am looking forward to returning there in April (It sure would be nice though if they did update the roooms somewhat - it would be absolutely perfect!!! I really do like a nice room and that is important to me even though all you do there is sleep and shower but that is just me!!!!!) Here is a link to pictures from our trip at the Sirenis Tropical. Included in the pics are the rooms, restaurants, lobby, etc...http://travel.webshots.com/album/562580684QsaZcJ  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	2	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hopeless01
<Content>Great time had by all returned this morning after 2 weeks in the sun. the hotel was lovely. Staff were always smiling, and willing to help. The rooms were were spacious but basic, however you only sleep and shower there - right.My son loved the pool and the beach. The sea has a strog undercurrent, so watch your children closely. Lots of activities if you chose to do them - we just preferred to relax.Met some fantastic people and had a truely great time. Missing it already.Would we return? Maybe once we have tried some more carribean islands as a comparison.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	2	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>sunspreeToronto
<Content>the pool kicks! Just got back from our Mar 6-13 stay at the Sirenis Tropical. The suite was spacious, with a TV in the bedroom and a 2nd in the living room - perfect for families. Not sure why a few of the reviewers complained about the mattresses, its stiffness worked for our backs. No issues with the A/C either. Only peeve here is that they do not have a central filtration system for water in the rooms, so you always need to use bottled water to brush your teeth. (This is not an issue in their kitchens). The pool was by far the best we have ever seen anywhere - and we have been almost everywhere. An accomplished swimmer would be hard pressed to swim from one end to the other in less than 15 minutes. It had great parts for swimmers, kids, and yes, drinkers too. The only knock about the general layout of the resort is that this is a sprawling resort, with probably at least 20 buildings on the premises. If you have mobility issues, you will not like it.The staff was great. I was amazed how some of the entertainment staff was able to switch from English to French to Spanish and even German without missing a beat. Sure, a very small number of them did not speak english well, but if you are from Toronto, you will probably be used to that. Besides, its just courteous when you are in a foreign country to pick up some of the lingo in advance (2 cervezas por favor). The nightly shows were good, but the children's shows were awful. The beach was good, but it is not a snorkelers paradise, to say the least. The choppy waves kept throwing up too much sand to get a view of the limited coral reef. Mind you, it made riding the kayaks, hobie cats, wind surfers that much more fun. Bit annoying they would ask for a $20USD security deposit to use their snorkelling equipment when everything else was free (e.g. gym equipment, etc.). We had no problems getting huts on the beach. Oh, for all you parents with young children, although 5% of women there went topless, it did not distract our 7 year old son too much.The food, however, was not as amazing as the rest of the resort. Not sure why they have so many fancy espresso machines everywhere but can't make a decent capuccino. The buffet restaurants could use a little more variety. Management is miserly in handing out dinner reservations for their restaurants, yet they sit half empty at dinner time. The japanese restaurant put on a good show - but it did not actually serve any proper japanese food. The italian restaurant featured a tiramisu desert that, while delicious, was not tiramisu. Well, its not like there is a little Italy or Japan in DR like there is in the more cosmopolitan parts of the world. This was not a problem with the steak restaurant, but be warned they prepare their steaks in a more Latin American style, than say, The Keg. The churrasco steak was better than their sirloin, for example. We did not try the seafood or mexican restaurants there but the people we talked to there raved about them  
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	3	5	5	3	

<Author>Vacationaddict17
<Content>Not one thing to complain about!! My husband  I booked a last minute vacation at Sirenis for March 2 - 9, 2008. We had read the reviews before booking  were very impressed with what we read.  We were extremely impressed with Sirenis from the time we arrived. Easy, no hastle checkin and our room was perfect. There was a living area with a couch, chair, fridge and TV as well as a small exit to the balcony. The bedroom had two very comfortable double beds, a huge closet, a second TV and another patio door exit to the balcony. Curtains were lined to make the room nice  dark for easy sleeping!! But who wants to sleep. There is so much to do. When we were checking in we asked the desk clerk if our room was near the beach  he told us that if we were not happy to come back to see him in the morning as we were checking in at 1:00 a.m.  there was nothing available at that time. When we got to our room, we realized it was perfect - half way between the main building  the beach/pool area. Only about a 3 minute walk to either. All of the staff were extremely friendly. Our room, the beach washrooms, the restaurants - everything was kept perfectly clean. We enjoyed early morning walks on the beautiful sandy beach. The blue water was gorgeous  clear (no seaweed). The breeze made nice waves  generally the tide was high enough that you barely had to walk into the water  it was deep enough for swimming. The pools were very clean  checked by staff regularly. For those who love fun, the entertainment team kept things hopping throughout the afternoon. It was usually the younger crowd who created the fun but we older (over 50) visitors loved watching. There is a quieter side to the pool for those who prefer to relax in the sunshine or under a cabana. The resort is a nice size (no long walks to get to the amenities)  is accessible for wheelchair visitors. The food was awesome, especially at the a la carte restaurants. We ate at the Japanese (not to be missed!) A great experience  the food was the best! Our second favorite was the Mexican  third was the Mediterranean. I think we may have just made a poor menu choice at the Mediterranean  were a bit disappointed but certainly there was nothing wrong with the food. BUT... Do not miss the Japanese Restaurant  be sure to take your camera. Book it as soon as you arrive because it fills up quickly. While there may be a few ( and I mean a few) insects around, I was amazed that we never found any in our room. We have stayed in many resorts in Mexico, Cuba, and in Puerto Plata DR and without a doubt, this one is a favorite. We could not find one thing to complain about except that our stay was too short!! We will definitely go back. Well worth the money we paid  more!! Definitely a five star resort!!  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>G_C_O_8
<Content>Simply The Best We stayed at the Sirenis Tropical Suites the week of February 23 after vacationing the past 2 winters in Montego Bay, Jamaica. Not to take anything away from Jamaica, but we were both extremely impressed with our stay at the Sirenis and quite likely will return again.Overall: A very impressive resort for the money and one that we would recommend to our friends and family.The room: a 2 room suite (although we spent very little time in the front room), huge closet with safe. King bed wasn't the most comfortable. Fresh linens daily. Bathroom was clean and well stocked. Mini-bar was stocked everyday with pop and water. Our room was N106 very close to the pool area with an incredible view. Balcony with 2 chairs and a table. We heard no noise from neighboring rooms.The food: the food was always very good. We tried 3 of the a la cartes (mexican, italian and seafood) and all were good. Otherwise the buffets always had lots of variety and special features each night. The beach grill was a great choice for lunch.Although included we didn't ever try the room service - guess we were too busy. All restauarants were spotless, service was great and lots of places to sit even during busy hours. Bring your own hand sanitizer - oddly, they don't provide.The beach: This has to compare with any beach anywhere in the world. We walked everyday at least 1 hour in either direction and there was still endless beach to explore.. The main beach area is kept very clean. The locals will approach you as soon as you leave the resort property - just be firm but polite, it worked for us.The facilities: Everything from the check-in area to the casino to the ampitheatre are all in great shape and well kept. Staff are always cleaning something, even the outside walkways are mopped. Our only negative coment would be the exercise room - it was an open air, meaning no air conditioning. The equipment was either not working or needing some repair. We didn't try any of the spa services or the hot tub.The bars: Better than we've ever seen with top shelf liquors available if you so ask. We got to try 28 of the 50 cocktails on the drink card along with beer and champagne. The bar areas can have a bit too much cigarette smoke (especially after dinner) but then again we are both non-smokers.The weather: During our week, we had perhaps 20 minutes of rain and that was while we enjoyed the dinner buffet so it didn't interupt anything. Temperature were between 26 and 30 degrees (we guess, because there are no thermometers)The staff: Everyone, from the groundkeepers to the food servers were very polite and very keen to please. These folks are well versed in customer satisfaction. We tried to communicate in Spanish when we could; their use of english can be a bit of a challenge depending on who you talk to.The transportation: Its about 75 minutes to the resort from the airport but it gives you a great feeling of life in the DR. The roads are bumpy and in bad shape. Someday they will decide to finish the newer highway (which is currently half finished I guess). The airport itslef is a bit confusing and busy in the arrivals area (long luine-ups)Excursions: We didn't take any day trips so we cannot comment.but there are many available. Who needs to leave the resort when its this beautiful.Helpful hints: If you want a cabana and chairs by the pool or beach better get our of your room by 7am at the latest. A one dollar trip goes a long way here, the staff are very appreciative. we left small gifts for the housekeeper everyday (school supplies, etc). There are a few shops on the resort but nothing to rave about. There is really no town nearby to shop at either and even the airport had very limited shopping.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>steelersgrl
<Content>Very Happy Veggie!       nice beach  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>spectrumhs
<Content>Great Hotel Shame about the Travel Agent I booked to stay at the Sirenis Tropical. Sadly thanks tto the dreadful service I received from Onthebeach I arrived with my young family on New Years Eve to find they werent expecting me. The travel agent messed up my booking and having booked a suitte we were initially told we would not be able to stay (this was at 11pm UK time after a full day of travelling). The resort managed to find a room for us but not of the calibre we had booked. Eventually they also managed to find a suite for us but only in the sister hotel (on the same resort base)This was after the holiday I originally booked was cancelled on me. Onthe beach denied any responsibility for this. I was informed the week before Christmas that I was not able to stay in the Carribean resort )or indeed the same town). Onthebeaches comment to me was they had many other people in the same boat. One of their sales people told me it was not a sales matter (they already had my money!) and put the phone down.I have repeatedly complained to onthe beach and they are being either obstructive or dismissive in dealing with this and other complaints. Suffice to say if you are planning on booking a holiday here or anywhere my advice would be to avoid onthebeach who are a UK based web travel agency, unless you like to play the lottery with your family holiday.That said the staff at the Sirenis were excellent, its a big and busy resort but the food is great too. Despite some coments on here about the staff not speaking English I am amazed at what some people expect. True some of them dont understand English if its spoken at speed, some just dont speak it, and if you try to speak Spannish it does you big favours, but if that's a surprise to you maybe you shouldnt bother going to the Dominican Republic at all!It is not on the Carribean coast and this was a dissappointment given that that is where we originally booked, but if you are looking at it simply on the basis of the hotel then its a clean, busy, well run and friendly. place.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>restedcanadian
<Content>Incredible Holiday!!       endless beach to walk on  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>tee-castleford
<Content>Brill stay at the tropical We went as a group of 18 for a family wedding. The hotel is worthy of its 5 star rating. Book into the themed restaraunts asap as they fill up quick. The entertainments team were brill, day and night. You get beach towels there and they have hairdryers in each room. The cheapy cheapy shops arnt as cheapy as the airport on the way out. Which incidentally is down the steps at the back of the pizza counter, (not just the tiny shop as you go in) The trips to saona island, and shark swimming were amazing, the horse riding on the beach, quads and dominican discovery trips were also fab. take airbeds etc with you as they are quite dear there. Barter to at least half of what the cheapy shops are asking, it can be quite fun. All the staff speak good english, but speak spanish. We left a dollar tip for the maid each day, and tipped the waiters. Dont underestimate the sun, get at least factor 50 for kids.(and take loads of it) The beach is amazing and you can parasail for 45 dollars and the kayaks and catermarans are free. banana boat is 10 dollars. It is a truly tropical place, absolutely beautiful. There seems to be a lively, and a quieter side to the pool, the lively side is on the right hand side, the entertainments team are round there. The food gets a bit samey samey, but if youve got kids they will always have burger, chips and nuggets to choose from. You wont starve, there is alot of choice. The japanese and the steakhouse are a must. If you smoke, get your cigs on the way out as you have a great choice of marlborough, or marlborough lights when you get there. It also costs around 5 dollars for a throwaway lighter. You can get all brands in the duty free on the way home. And its very cheap. They are keen on luggage weights though. Take plenty of 1 dollar notes for tips. Get an insect repellant with a high deet content, there seems to be a bad hour on an evening when you are likely to be bit, and use it when you go on the beach as we got sand fly bites which are really itchy. Even though we never saw any sandflies. The sea is very salty but really warm, and if you like snorkelling, there are coral reefs everywhere. And as in europe, you have to bag the sunloungers and palm shelters early doors with a towel. It was an amazing holiday, would definately go again. if you go before april, take the reps, jenna and carly a pot noodle, they are 2 brill yorkshire lasses. Hope you like rum, they have one called 151. this is due to its alchahol content, its very potent, and a rum called mamajuana, which is supposed to increase a mans vitality. You will usually get offered a drop at the cheapy beach shops, either that or a lucky talisman chain. If you do go on the dominican discovery trip, you will stop by a school, we took sweets and pens for the children, they wernt begging, they were lovely. The bus journey to the resort was an eye opener, the roads, hectic driving and local houses etc are a right eye opener. You will see what i mean. Enjoy your hol. We certainly did.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>KingkongMoncton
<Content>Sirenis=Relaxation and Good times First time traveler to Punta Cana and booked via the internet to the Sirenis Tropical from Feb 16 to Feb 23,2008.The only glitch for the whole trip occurred upon our arrival when we were advised that there was an over-booking situation and our group(roughly 10-15 strangers) had to be put up in another resort for the night until our situation was resolved. We were put up at The Grand Oasis for one night and then moved to the Sirenis the next aftenoon.Although we thought the Grand Oasis was a nice resort, the Sirenis was clearly better and it was a definite step up. The site itselft is secluded, well groomed, and well maintained.The staff is extremely polite and EVERYONE will make you feel like a million bucks. SMILES everywhere from the gardeners, maids, kitchen staff, waiters,waitresses, barman,barmaids. Of course, a tip once in a while goes a long way, but isn't that the case everywhere? I found that giving a small tip at the bar daily provided me with a larger part of alcohol in my drink and trust me..they remember you every time you show up. I recommend that you request your drinks with Dark Rum and really recommend requesting BRUGAL Rum. They are less giving with the BRUGAL brand, but it's clearly a better rum. You will find BRUGAL Rum at the D'REY shops on the beach(I talk about them lower) The pool is big... and I mean BIG! Lots of room to swim if you're into pools. Personaly, I found it too hot around the pool as there was practically no wind to cool you down, however pool lovers were well suited judging by the many people enjoying it. We spent much of our time at the beach, where we were lucky enough to get a hut\umbrella. The trick is to get up early(6:30-7:00) and to go to the beach and tie your chairs with towels to reserve your spot. While waking up that early may seem incovenient, it was nice to have a bit of shade in the afternoon and well worth it. Then again, it depends what you're into.The Buffet food was diversified and had something for everyone. Omellettes, hard boiled eggs, bacon, deep fried toasts(yes a bit FAT, but yummy) and fresh fruits for everyone's taste on top of shakes, bread of all kinds, yogurt, juices etc.. for breakfast.Chicken, rice, fish (I wasn't too impressed with the fish, but that's just me) veal (VERY GOOD) vast selection of pasta every night and then all sorts of other things at the supper buffet.For lunch, we stuck to the beach grill-hamburgers, pork chops, fries, chicken every day, or we went to one of the pool restaurants where there was a buffet with chicken nuggets, veal, beef, chicken, rice, salads and MOST importantly, ICE CREAM! Trust me..it was good.We also had the opportunity to try the a la carte restaurants. The Japanese one is the best. The Steakhouse is good. The Vegetarian is good as well but the Mexican one wasn't good and we wouldn't have gone twice. Apart from the Mexican one, all the others use a LOT of Garlic in their preparation so if you have someone who doesn't like Garlic or can't digest it, you would be wise to advise the waiter. The chef at the Japanese restaurant was kind enough to cook a separate pile of food without garlic for a member of our party who was garlic intolerent.If you want to buy souvenirs, cigars, rum, gifts, jewelry etc.. I realized it was better to deal with the locals on the beach then to shop at the resort's shops at the entrance.It's way cheaper anyway, and you can deal. When you get to the beach, I would recommend turning left and walking towards the D'Rey shops. I recommend asking for Louis(fully bilingual-French\English and tidbits of other languages) the last 2 stores on that stretch give you the ability to negotiate your prices. If you want an even better deal, don't be shy to show up with a bottle of water or even better a Coke bottle for the big boss. That crew is very friendly, talkative and not as aggressive as the others.BRUGAL Rum is found at these shops, and was not findable at the Duty Free shops at the airport, so I would recommend purchasing at the beach shops as the airport stuff was way pricier and it was the stuff we found in Canada ( Bacardi etc)If you make the mistake of walking right when you go to the beach(towards the leaning Palm Tree-you'll know when you'll see it) then I would recommend going directly for shop number 4 and once again, water is welcomed.Folks, we really enjoyed our stay at this resort and would consider going again in the future. It would have been an excellent review if not for the first night sleepover at the Grand Oasis (which I found to be a lower level of establisment even though it was nice)Hope this helps you in your search for a good trip. Enjoy your stay.. we sure did!  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>tazbeach
<Content>Very over booked! From the moment we left NY everything went smoothly. We had made reservations to Sirenis Tropical but the bellboy put our luggages on the Cocotel side of the looby. They told us it was the same hotel no matter where you check in. WRONG! It was taking sometime to check in, so we asked if there was a proplem. The told us that half of the hotel needed to be shut down because they were having bathroom problems and everything was backing up. So they must send us to another hotel. They told us things would be fixed by tomorrow and then we can return. They sent us to Princess which I thought was inferior to Sirenis. Princess was located near the swamp so came the evening, so did the mosquitoes. The next day we called Sirenis to come get us and they kept us on hold forever or they hung up. I asked the person at the front desk of Princess to translate and finally got a manager telling us they are over book. Can we call the next day. We did not want to stay atPrincess, since we did not pay to stay there. So we went back to Sirenis and called our travel agent to help us, BookIt.com. Don't use them!!! They did NOTHING for us. To make the story sort of short, we finally get a room but not a SUITE WE PAID FOR!!! We were there with two other families and we just got tired to fighting with the front desk, so we just took any room they gave us. But we did pay to stay at Tropical SUITE but instead stayed at Cocotel (standard rooms). We wanted the kids and us to enjoy the rest of our vacation. Yes, we did see MANY people get turned away and get sent to other places and we did see a bus load of people (momof4 review was one of them) get put on a bus and sent some where else. We also talked of a lot of people in the resort that had the same incident happen to them. I booked this trip in August of 2007, I am very disappointed with BookIt.com for not helping. I found many agents who compensated their customers who booked with them, in the same situation while they were in trouble. But not BookIt.com.All in all, the place is very beautiful. I found the food to be okay, typical all-inclusive type of food but liked it. The public bathrooms were always clean. I found the place to be clean and the people friendly. The beach BBQ area had great chicken! If you want a great lunch, go to the buffet by the lobby instead of by the pool area. I wouldn't mind going back again but I'm too nervous of this happening to us again. This was the first time anything like this happened to us.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	1	2	4	1	5	-1	

<Author>drewmelton
<Content>FOR THE PRICE...UNBEATABLE!!! Before choosing the Sirenis I did extensive research. As I have traveled throughout the world I realized that a 5-star property in some countries does not often translate into the American ideal of a 5-star property. I read every review I could possibly read and made what I hoped to be a good decision. My tour was booked through USA3000 (Apple subsidiary), My travel dates were from Jan.26 to Feb. 2nd. I paid 699.00USD- 827.00USD including all taxes, transfers and fees. Honestly, I had reservations (no pun intended). I mean this price for 7 days- including nonstop airfare from Cincinnatti seemed rather unbelievable. I reconciled myself to a sub-par experience-quite frankly...but decided to make the most of it. I mean come on...at that price it would be hard to complain about much, right?I contacted the hotel directly before leaving. I think I am a rather shrewd fellow. I explained how I was fully aware that in the tropics buiding maintenance can be an ongoing issue..you know mildew, room deterioration, insects, etcetera. I continued it had been sometime since I had taken a vacation and I wished to address any possible issues prior to departing. I did not insist on anything (typical American mistake)- rather I coolly inquired- if perhaps it wasn't too much of a bother -I could be put into a room away from construction and /or any problems. See... I gave my name a voice...connected personally with my host...and was most respectful in my inquiry. I was assured all would be done to to make my stay as enjoyable as possible. Frankly, I was skeptical. We departed and upon arriving in Punta Cana boarded our coach to the hotel...about an hour or so away. From reading some reviews I was expecting a wagon pulled by a team of donkeys (sometimes Anglos are sooo uptight). The road began 4 -lane and then turned to 2 and yes it had a few bumps...guess what folks you're not in Monaco..and it discourages me to no end how some people can be so negative and tight-***** about everything. Sirenis is just past Dreams. While Dreams is certainly more expensive Sirenis' entrance is hands down more dramatic and beautiful. There is a huge fountain of a mermaid (like the logo). You drive up a long and winding flora-filled drive to the open air lobby, Immediately a bellman took our bags and directed us to the reservationist. In no more than five minutes a friendly hostess appeared with the most delicious and refreshing fruit drink. We were assigned a room within 30 minutes and directed to our room. No bags to worry about the bellman had it all taken care of. The lobby is large, open and airy. As you walk back you pass identical common areas one on eithe side with many people seated playing cards, drinking, just chilling. I immediately noticed the crowd was international and I appreciated that. What do you learn or experience if you stay with the same people all the time-nothing. You pass the first two buffets which are extremly large and then all of this opens into two walkways. The Cocotal is on your right and the Tropical is on your left. I was assigned quarters in bldg, M. Guess what? I paid for the standard room. Turns out my considerate inquiry paid off...we were given a suite on the Tropical side. No questions asked. This would NEVER happen in the US even at a Holiday Inn..you and I know you would pay extra or you would be [--] out of luck. The site is quite large with extensive landscaping, soothing music plays in hidden boxes as you walk down the long walkways past the lodging. First you hear the crash of the waves..then you see the pristine water through the cocout palms (the resort was carved out of a coconut plantation,,,so palms abound). The pool is a continuous behemoth that encompasses the whole of the back side of the resort. Numerous bridges traverse it and beautiful sculpturres of sirens and a mermaid center it. Very striking and unbelievably large. The room was immaculate. In the bathroom (Clotilde) our room technician..I would never say maid...had laid out an array of tropical flowers. They dotted the large shower..which by the way had great pressure and both regulated hot and cold nicely. Also, the shower had tons of spray options...even full-body. On the bathroom counter there was an assortment of toiletries and plentiful fluffy, white, and soft towels and hand clothes. The bathroom is quite spacious. As it was a suite we had a small sitting area with television which opened into a large bedroom with a balcony. We were on the 2nd floor (only two) and our patio had a lovely view of the pool and sea. NOTE: In either Cocotal or Tropical I reccommend you ask for a bldg. as far from the lobby as possible, as this is where all of the noise is. Logically, the further away from the lobby the more tranquil and closer to the beach. Please, leave the person taking care of your room a gratuity...since it is all-inclusive it is beyond me to think this would not just be common courtesy and just the right thing to do in any person's mind. These people don't have the luxury of travel and as you are the ambassador of your country don't be a greedy [--]. I brought neat treats and cookies which I left with my tip. I also brought some small inexpensive things like those comfortable Croc shoes and some underwear for children, aspirin, children's vitamins. You know these people are just like you and me. They just weren't fortunate enough to be as lucky as we are. So think about others a little. So little means so much to people. Another thing...I have been to all corners of the Earth...truthfully..and the Dominican people are the friendliest people I have yet to meet. The mantra was...look you work hard and are here to rest, have fun, and relax....work and troubles are home you are here now and we are here to see you are taken good care of...WE WERE ACTUALLY TOLD THIS BY OUR APPLE REPRESENTATIVE AND BY SEVERAL EMPLOYEES!!! They summed it all up by saying...NO Problem! I have read reviews about the aggravation some people experienced here, and I just do not know how this can be true. Sure enough I had prepared myself to expect it, but it never happened once. Perhaps this has something to do with Apple Vacations. All I can tell you is the rep was always available and so helpful and friendly. A meeting was held the day after we arrived and it was sooo reassuring and helpful. It was my understanding that a party could eat in 3 specialty restaurants and from the posted reviews the lines were hours long to get a reservation. It took me ten minutes to make reservations. The specialties are much better than the buffets- we ate our allotted 3 times and I went to the front desk and they put me in specialties every night...NO PROBLEM! And importantly...NO ADDITIONAL FEES! You can even order room service free and you have an inroom fridge with drinks and snacks free. The beach was pristine and the sand was so cool under foot and the seclusion of the property really added to its charm and appeal. Palms fringe the beach in either direction and there is no congestion of other hotels...to me it was sheer paradise. There are tons of beach chairs. I did not choose or care about the covered huts-perhaps I should have as I got severely burned---be sure -and I cannot be adamant enough- take a serious waterproof SPF..I made a big mistake the sun is HOT! I was so very grateful for the constant breeze...or else the intense sun would have been quite unbearable. There is a large BBQ on the beach with burgers, hotdogs, grilled chops and chicken and fries and drinks. I generally skipped breakfast and at 11:30 each morning the BBQ is served up...delicious and I just ate at the beach. A man would come and take drink orders. If you learn any Spanish remember...fuerte...this means strong or else you will be treated to a rather weak concotion. Also, the resort has a great many employees and their job seems to be to get the guests involved in activities. I do not have children, but everyday I saw the children's camp and each child seemed to be having the time of their lives with the camp counselors. On the beach they play volleyball and ask you to join in and everday they do aerobics with a very fit instructor. I mean it is unbelievable. I went walking on the beach and it was just beautiful...like Gilligan's Island...a cheesy analogy but let's be cheesey shall we. You get what I mean..secluded and palm-fringed . I highly reccommend the banana daiquiri and the Sirenis cocktail...try them and see.In the evenings they have different types of entertainment. You must go to the shows put on by the I think they call them animation team..anyway the theatre is adjacent to the disco and casino (stay out of the casino)- Our Apple rep said they have something called progressive roulette or something, Initially, you bet a small amount and unbeknownst you can end up owing the house a lot of dinero and I don't even want to think what could happen if you don't pay up. Back to the entertainment...these people are surprisingly talented and very entertaining-quite professional. You wll really enjoy it and a bar is right there. Before the entertainment the lobby has great live music- among them a very talented red head and her husband on keyboards..the Captain and Tenille of Punta Cana I guess..At any rate they are fabulous and the entire time a cocktail waitress is taking drink orders, placing snacks and clearing away messes. After the shows they have an incredible discotheque. With Apple Vacations all top-shelf liquor and beer is free...How can this be. I just couldn't believe it. Yes, this review is long. I think it should be detailed...I wish I had had it before I went. I wish for you the same experience I had. Look...don't be sooo fussy and uptight. Talk to people...take a moment to look at things if they are selling..it's what 3-4 minutes..bargain if you want something or just respectfully decline. Say hello to the people you pass and be gracious to your hosts and room attendant. I promise you this place rocks! I will return soon and frequently. There is no better deal to be had...frankly,I still am in shock that I paid 699.00USD plus taxes totalling 824.00USD and did not take my wallet out once in 7 days. I did place some pastries on a plate and take them to a beach hawker down the beach after meeting her for her son. She cried. If you are hesitating between Cancun and Punta Cana I guess it depends on what type of vacation you want...If you want glitz and Las Vegas on a beautiful albeit congested beach Cancun is for you. Of course, Cancun is not Mexico in that it is not authentic at all-it is no different than Vegas. Sirenis is not in Bavaro and some would argue this as a negative. To me it is a positive...the seclusion was fantastic...yet there are tons of people to meet. My partner and I met the nicest couple from Manchester, England-in 50's we are in late 20's and they were just great, fun people. We had a blast at the disco and shows talking. Lastly, I read several reviews where people complained about the language barrier. Again, I think this has more to do with Americans in general thinking that the whole world should speak English. You are in the Dominican Republic. Look not once was this a problem...I really think people hyperbolize. Of course, if you present yourself as a typical [--] then more than likely you will be treated like an [--]. We have much more in common than not. Actually, learn a few Spanish words/phrases...it shows respect and breaks down barriers we so often out of our own ignorance erect. By all means go...and have a blast like I did. This place is magnificent! If I can be of any assistance or you have any further questions just e-mail me. I would be happy to help in anyway I can. Lastly, if you are able to book through USA 3000 or Apple Vacations I cannot reccommend it enough. They take care of everything so you don't have to wory about transfers and additional fees. I in no way expected the treatment they delivered. I have been to Bali, Thailand, Maldives, Fiji, Phuket even Cambodia and Malaysia...I have never toured with abeter outfit. They have their job down pat and you have again...NO PROBLEMS!!!!  
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jessica7185
<Content>Decent       the view from our window  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	2	3	2	3	4	

<Author>baycity
<Content>Awesome Resort We spent the week of February 16 鈥?23, 2008 at the Sirenis Cocotel Resort in Punta Cana. We got a great deal from Applevacations which we made even better by going through Traveloni who takes 5% right off the top. We have used them numerous times and have always been very pleased with their discounts and customer service.We got off to a rocky start by leaving 1 hour later than scheduled. We found out on the flight back that the delay was due to USA 3000 having to fly a pilot in from another airport. Once in the air, USA 3000 was awesome. Great planes and great service on the ground and in the air. Only problem is a recurring problem of not enough food for everyone on the flight. Always, always, by the time they reach our seat (usually mid-plane) they are out of one of the selections. This trip, it was so bad, that they were selling the food that was intended for the return flight later that evening. I hope those folks ate at the airport before boarding to go home.Arrival at Punta Cana airport was unbelievable. We have been to the DR 5 times and have never seen the airport so busy. The tarmac was full of planes. Luckily, our luggage was promptly unloaded and the Punta Cana immigration/customs inspectors were not checking/inspecting many visitors. We then made our way to the arrival area and after notifying the Apple rep that we would not be taking their transfer (they always look so hurt that you are not taking their transfer) went with our pre-arranged taxi transfer. We have used Sr. Silva鈥檚 Dominican Airport Taxi service numerous times and could not be happier. They are always where they say they will be and they are always on time. Their vans are new and in great condition with perfect Air Conditioning!! Also, I always bring at least one suitcase of donations for the children and leave it with the driver who delivers it to Sr. Silva for distribution to a school or orphanage. The drive to the resort was nearly an hour, which I expected. Sirenis is the next resort to the north of Dreams (previously Sunscape the Beach). We have been to Sunscape 3 times and the last time was in October just before the hurricane. The road was in bad condition at that time, but it is now deteriorated to be nearly unusable. I love Sunscape and Sirenis but will not be returning to that area until the new road is completed. I will not put either myself, or my husband through that terrible drive with pothole next to pothole.We arrived at least 20-25 minutes before the Apple transfer bus. As we were leaving the front desk, they were walking in and they looked peaked/green from that roller coaster drive on that nasty, nasty road. Check-in was very smooth and efficient. At that time, we were given our room cards, towel cards and safe key (free safe with Apple). We were also given a sheet to request our ala carte restaurants for the week. Another Apple benefit, whereas others had to stand in line at guest services in the morning to request an ala carte for the evening meal. Also, we were given an Apple room service menu, which was free to Apple guests, but had a fee for other guests as per the menu in our room.I had emailed a request for a top floor room. We were assigned to building J, second floor. I was a little disappointed until I looked out the window and found out it was an ocean view room. It was a spectacular view!! Great, spacious patio with a table and 2 chairs. Just make sure you don鈥檛 close the patio door when you are outside or you will be locked out of the room. The room was a comfortable size with two full sized beds. The beds were hard ( but we have had harder beds at Sunscape and in Mexico) with the tiniest pillows. Minibar had Coke, diet Coke, Sprite, water and Presidentes!! Closet was very large with shelves and lots of hangers. The safe, which was inside the closet, was on the small side. I don鈥檛 think many laptops would fit inside of it. Our safe had a hand towel inside of it. Once I removed it, I realized why it was inside the safe. The safe was lined with rust!! Luckily, I had gallon sized plastic baggies that I just put our camera case and valuables in to protect them from the rust. It was a pain dealing with that, but I did not want to give up that view just to get a better safe. The bathroom has an odd little half wall between the toilet and vanity that just takes up space and makes the bathroom small and awkward. Lots of hot water and great water pressure, though. Plenty of towels and once the young man cleaning our room realized we had brought our own face cloths, he made sure to leave face cloths daily. In addition, he would come by around 5 pm, when he knew we were getting ready for dinner, to check if we needed more towels, coke, beer or coffee. He took good care of us and we made sure to take good care of him. Not only did we leave him a nice tip daily, but we also left him baseballs, baseball gloves and ball hats. Just want to mention that our building had an elevator that was very convenient to use if you did not want to or could not walk up the stairs as well as taking your luggage down.The beach was just beautiful. Seaweed was raked daily. Sadly, some folks think it is OK to just toss their cigarette butts in the sand. That is just ugly鈥?These same folks think it is OK to just leave their cups and plates and other trash laying around and the hotel staff has to pick up behind them. That is so sad and so disrespectful on so many levels鈥?.The staff works so hard all day and night, picking up other peoples messes and cleaning, shining and washing.If you want a palapa or shady area at the beach or pool, you have to get up real early. I am an early riser and was amazed at all the chairs that had towels on them at such an early hour (sunrise). Later the first day, I noticed that when folks were packing it up for the day, they were tying their towels to the chairs for the next day. Staff does not remove the towels for the evening. Very interesting chair saving ritual.The pool was top notch. Great design with shallow areas for the kids and deep areas for the adults. Early every morning, workers were cleaning the pool. By mid afternoon, straws and wrappers were floating in the pool. That is not due to lack of cleaning, that is due to lack of manners by some guests!! Two swim up bars. Two beach buffets adjacent to the pool. Very well planned beach and pool area. Bathrooms were located in both beach buffets which were manned with a housekeeper all day. Not only were those bathrooms decorated with flowers, but they were kept spotlessly clean. The food was the best. The buffet did not have a huge selection, but what they had was excellent. Good quality food, prepared well. We would have been happy to eat at the buffet morning, noon and night all week. It was that good. The service at the buffet was over the top. We have never been at an all-inclusive where you were always greeted with a smile and taken care of so promptly. We did eat at the seafood, steakhouse and Italian restaurants that were all very good with excellent service. That is were this resort excels. The people working there are genuinely happy to have you as a guest. Prompt and efficient customer service was the norm.Sirenis is a beautiful resort with a very hardworking staff. But, unfortunately until the new road is completed we will not be returning to that area of Punta Cana again. I would return in a heartbeat, but the thought of enduring that bumpy twisty road again is not possible.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	2	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Satagonstu
<Content>Absolutely Loved This Resort       Restaurant by the pool  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>ursy99
<Content>Not for Picky City People The staff are very personable and friendly. But it does take a long time for tables to be cleared if you eat poolside. As well, there are some minor language barriers. The rooms are decent, I sugest you bring your own pillow and pillowcase, if you dont like your face rubbing on a rough sham  pseudo pillow. The food is average, I wish they would make more local fare, as the Dominican food was pretty good. As well, the fresh omelette bar in the mornings  pasta bar at lunch is a relief if you like to know how your food is handled. From the a la carte restaurants, a lot of our group liked the vegetarian restaurant (funny thing,, none of us was vegetarian). The drinks are average as well, but not by average Canadian standards. Do not expect amazing international hard liquour, ie. if you ask for a rum/coke, make sure to ask for bacardi/coke, canadian club/ginger ale etc. If you ask, you shall receive. But they don't even have smirnoff vodka....?!?!PLEASE READ: drinks end at midnight, after that you pay $$.Overall, if you're travelling with children, not picky with what you eat, fluent in spanish, you just want to sit on a beautiful beach (that does have lots of dead coral reefs), and swim in the pool, this place is for you. If you are a big drinker, clubber, foodie, enjoy fine arts/shows, enjoy scoring good shopping deals in a foreign city, and into modern music, this place is NOT for you.Some said this was a 4-star resort, but maybe by punta cana standards. I would give it a 3-star. But since this trip was paid by my parents, this was still a great resort to me ;)Cheers! PS. We named it Punta Canada since we met TONS of Canadians!  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	2	2	3	3	3	

<Author>Chris_Williams
<Content>Brillant time       the pond in the gardens at the front of the resort  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>katajyp
<Content>Excellent Holiday       The Beach  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	2	5	4	

<Author>IllinoisFuntimer
<Content>Great Resort We just returned from a week at the Sirenis Tropical Suites. What a pleasant surprise for us, since we read alot of reviews about the resort after we booked our trip through Apple Vacations and were a little leery about the trip. As stated in the reviews, the road to Sirenis was bumpy, but nothing worse than the roads in Illinois during the winter. The country side could be beautiful, if everyone did not litter.Upon our arrival, we were given a cool drink while we waited to check-in. Check-in was very easy and took less than 20 minutes. For some unknown reason, our rooms were up- graded to junior suites (there were four of us, two couples, 2 rooms). Our rooms were nice and clean and were located just off the beach and directly across from one of the pools. The resort grounds were really pretty and well maintained. Everyone was very friendly and tried to meet all of our requests. Since, we don't speak Spanish, a few times we had difficulty talking with some of the staff but eventually got what we wanted. For the first few days it was hard to get Diet Pepsi/Coke put in the mini bar of our rooms, but after that, housekeeping always remembered. Even though Sirenis is all inclusive, small tips really help you get extra attention. Two restaurants were located down by the pools and beach which made it very handy to have lunch and not leave the beach or pool area. The food was very good, well prepared and usually fresh. Of the nine restaurants, we ate at seven of them and really enjoyed the Italian restaurant. The four of us could not find any complaints about the resort itself, but some of the other guests were very rude and sloppy, since we could usually find dishes and glasses on the beach or around the pool when we went walking early in the morning. The resort staff were usually out around 7 am to rake the beach, clean the pool and clean the common areas. All in all, we had a great relaxing vacation and would probably go back to Sirenis Punta Cana in a few years since we like to visit a lot of different places and resorts.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>asicit
<Content>Surreally Sirenis This is a first for me. Usually, I read the reviews of other travelers and make a decision. It seems there is always a negative comment , well, not in this review. My stay at the Sirenis was fantastic. The service from all of the staff  was more then we have experienced in any of our past visits to the Dominican Rep. The grounds were beautiful and well kept, the pool areas and beach front just as beautiful. The dining facilities clean and well maintained. The food in the buffet was the same most days but there was variety, no need to eat the same thing each day, after all your on vacation try something new. The reservation restaurants excellent, my favorite was the Jade, you'll see why. Lobby bars , pool bars, BBQ bar well stocked and able to handle your request. The suite was very roomy for two, with a view of the ocean and pools that you would find on a postcard. Our room service very, very good. I just can't say enough about the Sirenis. I would highly recommend this resort to my friends and family. Okay, if I have to say something negative, there were a few clouds but the staff got rid of them too!!!  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>momof4Manitoba
<Content>Very poor service from Management This hotel is a solid 4 star with excellent features and services. The kids activities were excellent, the pool and bar service was also great. The food was good except for the lunch beach BBQ which was excellent. The drinks were excellent.The problem's begin and end with management. We arrived at the airport and were told that there was no room for us at this resort, we were then sent to a 3 star resort for the first 4+ days (not only us but a whole bus load ... now that is no small mistake!). When we finally arrived to the Sirenis it was clear to see that the hotel was running at maximum capacity. Most guests had to wait 1 - 2 hours for their rooms to be ready. We had already missed over half of our vacation and now when we arrive we are again told to wait 10 minutes.I think we got the biggest screw over of the bunch because we were given a room with a heavy smell of raw sewer. In short, we called and called, but all we were ever told was that someone would come in  10 minutes. What they really should have told us is call back in 10 minutes and see if you can find someone who cares. They did not take our complaints seriously, they just sprayed the room with deodorizer. For the first two nights we were able to manage with windows open for fresh air and A/C off. (source of smell was the central A/C) However with 100% humidity after several rainfalls, the mosquitoes were coming into the windows and we were covered in sweat. At 01:30 am on the day we were departing from our vacation we were actually given a new room ( management finally came to the room and were almost knocked off their feet by the smell) that was beautiful and did not have a sewer smell. We however had to check out 11 hours later.We are seasoned travelers and know good and bad service. This hotel can be a really nice vacation if you luck out and get a room that is not in need of major renovation, but if something is wrong ... good luck. I am being nice in these comments, If my wife was writing these comments they would be much more harsh.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Maddy17
<Content>Wonderful Vacation Wonderful vacation, wonderful spot! The beach is beautiful and seems to go on for miles  miles. The food was very good, no complaints. Staff was reasonably friendly  the suite was a good size, well maintained  clean. We took one day trip called Tropical Storm. We travelled to Bavaro Beach area - where most of the large hotels are located. This is approx.1 hr drive from the hotel. The roads are very rough so be prepared! It was nice to see a little of the country side  the locals as well as this area of hotels. We had a great day on the catamaran, snorkelling (which we wish was a longer period of time). Great Day.As a non-smoker I found I was certainly in the minority and this was the only real negative aspect of the vacation.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>EStLouiesmokey
<Content>I liked it a lot I liked this resort a lot. My wife and I stayed in the I building with a great balcony view of the pool and the ocean.We thought our service was good with at least two daily visits by housekeeping. The refrigerator was stocked daily.There were a robe and slippers for each of us.The evening shows were very good with a live show every night. Most of the other resorts have a live show every other night or less but these shows were not only given on a daily basis but were high energy, lively shows with much dancing by a group of hard working young people. After the evening shows there was a nine piece salsa type band with dancing on the patio adjacent to the theater whcih was a lot of fun. The staff is there to make sure everyone has a partner.The bar staffs were very friendly and could mix anything with a little guidance. The bar stock was not very extensive (no bourbon, no brand names gins or vodkas) but it was okay. Try the mamajuana which is served at most bars and specialty restaurants and is served with a laugh or at least a smile.The food is okay. We found plenty to eat at all times. Not gourmet but satisfactory.The specialty restaurants were good and we rank them in this order: Japanese, Seafood, Italian, Mexican, and Steak House.(With the steak house a distant last place.)Beach, pool and scenery are all outstanding with the grounds crew busy at all times. We were with a group of 11 people whose reviews would vary considerably but my wife and I liked this place a lot and would go back.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>St.LouisIrish62
<Content>great time good pool bar       beach bar  
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>mdgipsy
<Content>Great service, friendly staff! We went with Apple vacations which I highly recommend. Met 2 different parites with Sunquest out of Canada that made it to the hotel only to find they didn't have a room and they had to go to another hotel for part of their stay!!It is indeed an hour from the hotel to the resort over extremely bumpy roads, take a dramamine! It was nice to look around though some of the scenery was not as scenic as you might imagine.Be careful and don't lock yourself out on the balcony! Couldn't get the door to lock when we were in the room but it sure locked us out easy enough! Our neighbors let us scale the dividor after no one answered at the front desk so we could go up and get a key!Check in was easy, room was adequate, clean and quiet--we stayed in the L building. We ate at the buffet for breakfast, it was more than adequate, omelette line, smoothie line plus cereal, breads, etc--look out for the rude Europeans who will push you out of line and jump the que! We ate the beach BBQ for lunch, hot dogs, hamburgers, chicken and made friends with Yael and Daniel at the beach bar. Traveling with Apple Vacations gets you a free safe, free room service and the ability to block 3-4 nights of special dinner reservations without waiting in line, yea! We ate at the Mexican restaurant one night--extremely slow, food ok; the steakhouse, good service but the food was only ok (my friend had chicken which she said was good but my tenderloin was some unknown cut of beef), then then Japanese restaurant which didn't follow the menu at all but which was very good---they have appetizers in the center of the room so you get what you want and then they cook up beef, chicken, calamari and shrimp on the grill in front of you and you get a little of everything.Antonio on the beach was great at getting people as involved as they wanted to be with dance lessons, beach games.We did not go to any of the shows, the disco nor the casino though people we heard talking seemed to like the shows.We went around to some beach shops near the property and were practically attacked as we crossed the invisible line---we quickly left and did not return, detest aggressive selling.Shops on both sides leading up to the hotel didn't have a lot--bring your own sunscreen, they sell it for $18 a bottle!So, people and service great, room fine, drinks great, food ok, would go again!  
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>CODA1
<Content>Nice last year Much improved this year This year we returned to Sirenis jan25 鈥揻eb1 Same great price as last year. Flight from Pittsburgh and transfer from PUJ to Sirenis uneventful. Greeted with cocktail Check in smooth about a half hour wait for room to be ready it was ready before 3pm. Surprise we were put on tropical side in N block the suite was large clean and adorned with fancily folded towels and flowers. The mini bar was this year stocked with bottled Presidente鈥檚. First thing we noticed is the improvements aground the resort fresh paint, .new landscaping, water fountains refurbished and all the treated lumber decks and bridges were replaced with nice plastic composite lumber. They also built a permanent bar-bq on the beach and had lunch each day We booked thru Apple vacations which I find out has a contract with Sirenis now. Thus many more Americans. My fears from last year that more Americans would somehow change the place were somewhat warranted but not all for the worse. The shows (which were excellent) were a little more Americanized and more English was spoken at activities. There were several top class shows including a circus with aerialists and a very good band on the beach. the lobby during dinner hours had a excellent music every night. and my fellow Americans were all well behaved to my knowledge . ala care restaurants we were guaranteed 4 and could book all at once and when we booked beyond the 4 it was no hassle. we did Italian, sea food(Mediterranean)then Mexican and Japanese (jade)each twice. all superb we did though prefer jade. The buffet was also wonderful and I could have eaten there every night but鈥?the misses likes to be waited on. Beach, pool, grounds, room  staff all excellent. Overall experience was great! Some rate Sirenis 3,4 or 5 star or Apple 4 red apples . I think it rates a solid 4 star this year and on an Apple rating I say 4-5 and very close if not at a golden apple rating. WOULD WE GO BACK? ABSOLUTELY! I do fear the rates will be quite a bit more next year.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>VinceandNicole
<Content>Will Never Go Back I came back yesterday form a vacation in which I tried to cut early by a week. The food is repetitive and terrible. My fiance lost 12 pounds and I lost 8...and no we did not get sun stroke and were not sick. We wore a 45 block sunscreen everyday. We had to plan our day around eating and going back to our room to fight for the toilet for a hour. It seemed everyone we met by day 3 or 4 had the same problem. Bring lots of cash or traveller's cheques as the bank machine never works and they do not give cash advances on your credit card. Any problem we had (the list was endless) was never resolved..there is no such thing as compromise. I felt like a prisoner at night in my room. There are rats all over the resort and a smell by the steakhouse that is unbearable. We travelled back with many people from Thunder Bay, Ontario who stayed at different resorts and for the most part had great food and a great time. I will say that the maid, bar and restaurant service was impeccable and the resort and pool were beautiful. The entertainment was great but at times distasteful. Unfortunately this experience has made us consider never travelling internationally again. My finace called it the 'trip from hell'. If I can give any advise review different resorts and talk to peolple who have stayed there.VinceThunder Bay, Ontario Canada  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	1	4	1	3	3	

<Author>KJSouthWales
<Content>great for a week no longer the resort was fantastic couldnt fault it, the people also, the weather too, but the rooms (suites) smelt strongly of stagnant water we complained 2 hours later they got rid of the smell then we found by doing that we had a leak from ceiling outside bathroom, called them back to sort it they did, that night went to bed got up in middle of night to use loo slipped in pool of water in door way from air con vent, once again complained and it was sorted, then that very day came back from beach and found new tap fitted in bathroom very nice we thought got in shower only to find no water once again rang the desk and they sorted that, bearing in mind i was only there seven days we could not have taken any more, our friends stayed in the suite opposite ours and thiers was also bad, the beds are like rock the pillows too small and the rooms look and are very very very tired (indeed) dont go to steak resaraunt iff you want nice meal(yuk) the jade restaraunt is very good if you like salt (lots of it) the resort its self was kept really nice very clean around the pools but(very noisy) in the afternoon and if you got kids very embarassing activities go on around pool bar, the staff are all very busy all the time they are exellent, they also had all new wicker furniture in the main enterance that we thought was really nice, the food was fine and we could easily find what we wanted each day at the buffet , make sure you take plenty of mossi/repellant and sunsreen no lower than factor 20 or like me you will frazzle,all the staff very helpfull and kind, the main building is fantastic but the suites give them a miss, try if you can to book the cocotal suites they are luxury and thats what we thought we had booked make sure you dont make the same mistake, disspite all the problems it was nice to get some sun on us in the winter and we truly did get that,also if you are flying out of gatwick please note that you stop off at manchester to pick up and coming back to drop off we on the ground there for hour and half on return flight which was not good after such long flight, otherwise enjoy yourselves and dont say i didnt warn you,xx  
<Date>Feb 2, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	1	3	2	4	4	-1	

<Author>joyceshouse
<Content>Great beach vacation!!!!! returned recently from a great week of fun in the sun at the sirenis in Punta Cana. Dec 30th- thru jan 5th. We LOVED the ocean, beach, and pool. The resort was great, very clean and good friendly service. The decor in the rooms was a little outdated, but it was very clean and comfortable with fresh flowers in our room every day. Lots of restaurants or buffets to choose from- enjoyed in particular their new Japanese restaurant; eating at the grill on the beach for lunch; ordering room service for breakfast. Many locations to get a cocktail or beer. The beer was good as were the pina colada's and the local drink mamajawana. The nightly entertainment was decent- best show was the Michael Jackson impersonators. Would not recommend this resort for snorkeling - water was too rough although there are coral reefs in the area. Enjoyed the excursions we took to go horseback riding and ATV riding. We booked them thru the restaurant on the beach located next door to the resort. Their prices were half of the tour companies and were much more convenient with smaller groups and more personal service. As far a negatives go for the area- the roads in the punta cana area were HORRIBLE . I would not recommend any bus trips or excursions other than to get to and from the airport. Overall this was a great beach vacation, and great value for the money. I would return to the area again and to this resort.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>QueenCVR
<Content>Quiet and relaxing This resort is great for relaxing on the beach. The beach is beautiful, lots of palm trees and blue ocean. Our room was decent, nothing fancy, however the staff would make animals out of our towels and would bring us fresh flowers almost everyday. The view from our room was AMAZING. It was the first time I had ever travelled somewhere tropical and the first morning that we were there, I woke up to see the most beautiful sunrise I had ever seen from our balcony. The food was good, but i'm not a picky eater! We got a massage on the beach and I thought that I had died and gone to heaven. The A la carte restuarants were cool. We really enjoyed them. Overall this was a great resort, with good food and wonderful scenery. But if your looking for adventure or partying it may not be the best choice. Lovely none the less though!  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>woolypants1
<Content>EXCELLENT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Jan 10 - Jan 24 008. This our second time to this hotel, again it was excellent. I cannot believe some of the reviews. I wonder have these people ever stayed in a 1 star!!HOTEL. Excellent and very clean, we stayed the cocotal side last time but this time we stayed the tropical side and again we were really pleased. The bathroom was the same and the shower was great!! In the bedroom there was two double beds. (there was only myself and partner) this time we had a separate lounge. There was a tv in lounge and also in the bedroom. The balcony view was palm trees which was very nice. We stayed in G block. Maid service was good, fridge was refilled every day with water, sprite and diet coke and coke.FOOD. The resturants were good and the service in them was good too. The only resturant that we was not impressed with was the mexican. There is 1 resturant where you had to pay 35$ which we were unsure to pay or not. It was perfect, the food was excellent. I had the lobster!! the service was the best out of all the resturants and well worth 35$. Breakfast was good, not just boiled eggs, you could get fried eggs or omelettesLunch we normally ate by the pool, there was a good choice and again it was good.Evening entertaiment was good, the shows are worth going to see! You can also relax in the main lobby in the comfortable chairs.We went on a boad trip to the carribbean side. It was enjoyable, they served you with rum on the boat if you wanted it, danced. My partner was a little ill on this trip and everyone was wonderful and very helpful. we stopped a little while on the island and had some food which again was nice, we then took the speed boat and stopped to swim. It was wonderful and you could see the star fish.Overall it was an excellent holiday, the people are nice and helpful and it was well worth the money. Just wish i had of taken our little boy because there were loads of things for children to do.We will be going back to this hotel again. It is nothing like a 1 or 2 star and well worth a 5 star.Sara  Dave  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>under65
<Content>First time all inclusive I would agree with most of the comments from sc00by-doo therefore I will only comment on other points.We accompanied two other recently retired couples flying out of T.O. on Skyservice Airbus 320 organized by Nolitours.Flight:Great service from Skyparx delivered us to the terminal in plenty of time. If you are on the tall side, ask for the seats next to the emergency exits over the wings. Food consisted of a sub-like sandwich, dessert bar and small container of water. You pay for alcohol. Earpieces cost $3 if we listened to the on-board movie but were free on the return trip. Merchandise can be purchased duty-free i.e. Bicardi (1.4L) for $18 CDN and Crown Royal (750 mL) for $18 CDN. It can also be ordered for delivery on the return flight.Airport/TransferArrived at 11:30 p.m. Luggage was quickly processed and our transfer mini-bus was ready to go. It was an HOUR long trip around more pot holes than roads. Some of our members used Gravol to ease the experience. Just remember this is a country that is desperately trying to improve. Our tourist dollars might help.Arrival At 12;30 p.m. there was a buffet ready for us. Our suite (pool view) was clean. Everything worked, including the two TV's.The staff at the front desk spoke English (as well as other languages)TippingWe tended to tip our room person more than others. Our tourist agent suggested that purchases from the dollar store as well as cash might be in order. We brought things that might be suitable for children as well as adults.FoodThe buffets provided a variety of foods for all meals. Be prepared for digestive disturbances. Some of our friends depended on Immodium which they brought along with sunscreen. We were entitled to 2 ala cartes but we had three. Of the three, Italian, Steak and Mediterranean restaurants , we preferred the Mediterranean for its food and service. Reserve early and be on time. ExcursionsWe looked for the excursion with the shortest transfer distance so it was the Sunset cruise. We enjoyed a half hour of snorkeling. Some brought their own equipment. Lots of alcohol was available. The cruise included an on shore lobster dinner.Several of our group had digestive troubles after this day. There are many other excursions available which vendors sell near the front desk. These vendors speak many languages. Sign up early.Beach/PoolDespite what some have said, you will need to reserve a loungeif you hope to have a padded one or one with a synthetic mesh. It appears that people respect a towel on the lounge as an indication of a reserve sign. People will keep the same lounge all day. We kept our towel all week as they were not always available. Remember that a tube or SPF 30 sunscreen costs $18 US at the resort for something that costs $9 CDN. Even with waterproof sunscreen, I still had a tan. If you are bringing children, don't forget to prepare them for toplessnessShopping There is a small mall at the resort that consists of a variety type store, a first aid station and a store that sold local wares. A local store owner about 5 minutes from the resort will pay for your taxi ride if you shop at no other store. The prices for jewelry appeared reasonable. The beach vendors are friendly and expect you to barter. They also like to collect tourist's hats. So why not barter.Children's Play areaOn the way to the small mall, there is a building that houses a play area consisting of a pool and badminton table and other games.In all, we thought that the staff performed their duties very well. Many of the room staff do not speak English so a Buenos dias or a Buenas noches or a Ola helps to bridge the gap.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sc00by_doo
<Content>Clean Resort, Great People, Fantastic Time!!!       sunset  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>jb1234Jb1234
<Content>Loved it! I attended this resort from dec 16-24 (2007) and it was an excellent experience!The resort was full while we were there - because of the time of year but we had no problems getting reservations every night. We ate at most of the al la cartes (asian - our fav!, mexican - ok, italian - decent, steak house - good, sea food - TERRIBLE!!!). We didnt go to the vegetarian or the creape place for personal choice. THe rooms were really nice and the A/C worked well. The rooms were a little musty though. We had an ocean view room - just as we requested. We never had a problem getting chairs by the pool and we wernt usually down to the pool till 10. Never a shortage on drinks. My one complaint was there were SOOOO many kids. They were everywhere. I know it was the time of year but seriously.. they were in every square foot of the pool! We brought pool noodles and some kid took it - which was fine - but refused to give it back to me. Argggg... I must add that we were 4 - 21 year olds. Next time i might try an adult only resort. Other then that it was an excellent resort for the price and i would recommed it to anyone. Was a much better trip then our previous trip to cuba.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	3	4	5	4	5	

<Author>Beachbum104
<Content>Beautiful place to visit We stayed at the Sirenis resort from December, 31st, 2007 until January, 8th, 2008-over New Year's. We were six people in total. We stayed on the tropical side of the resort.I am currently 19 years of age so naturally I my opinions may differ from people who have young children or who are older. We did however travel with two 12 year old boys who also had a wonderful vacation. Over the years I have been fortunate enough to vacation to many places in the carribean around Christmas time, so I do have experience with all inclusive resorts.Staff/Services: * * * * We found the staff at the resort to be extremely hard-working people who want nothing but to make your stay at the resort relaxing and very enjoyable. They are very dedicated people. They work six days a week, 10-12 hour days and they always have a smile on their faces and are able to assist you with any problem that you may have. Tips were not expected but they were greatly appreciated.Rooms: * * * *The rooms were very comfortable and clean. I read a review posted earlier on and the people were complaining of uncleanliness and mold in the bathrooms. In our room and the other room that my other family members were staying in they was absolutely no mold in the bathroom, the rooms were kept very clean and simple. The beds were comfortable and it was nice to wake up every morning to sunshine and blue skies, I am from Montreal so it was a nice change for this time of the year. There was a lot of closet space and general space in the rooms, you didn't feel cramped. The air-conditioning and heating worked well. We had a pleasant view of our balcony of the gardens. Our room was cleaned each day very nicely. The only thing to beware of is that you use your towels wisely, we were four people in one room and some days only 3 towels were given. The chambermaids were more than happy to give us more towels it's a hassle to go and find them.Beach/Pool area/Chairs: * * * * * The beach was breathtaking, white sand and blue, blue water. The beach was long enough to take walks on. The animators keep the kids amused with lots of games and sports. The pool area was large and kept clean all of the time. The pool set-up was very unique, many different areas to go in and a pool-bar at each end of the pool. There was also a shaded part of the pool which was a nice break if you got too hot on the beach. Chairs on the beach or near the pool were hot commodities. You definetly had to wake-up early if you wanted one of the large umbrella/huts for the day. Chairs weren't that hard to find. One day we only arrived at the beach at around 2:30 and we found 5 chairs within 15 minutes, so they weren't to scarce. At either end of the beach there were a few stores. The stores on the right hand side of the beach were just as good as the other ones but the people are very aggressive, if they see you coming from 100 ft away they will hassle you until you come and see what they are selling. The stores on the left hand side of the beach were just as good but you didn't feel like you were being forced into buying anything. The people on the left hand side of the beach also offer excursions like horseback riding and ATV'ing. We enjoyed both of them. The tour guides are very friendly and try their best to accommodate your needs. They also helped us find someone who was willing to take us all out on doon buggies, since they didn't offer the service. Food/ specialty restaurants: * * * * I wouldn't say I'm a picky eater, but probably more pickier than some. I was still able to find great food for every meal. I enjoyed a custom made omelet every morning and crepes for dessert every lunch at the buffet beside the beach. The specialty restaurants were pretty good, nothing to spectacular. We went to three specialty restaurants. Mexican, Italian and Steak. The Mexican restaurant was probably my personal least favourite. The Italian food was alright but for some reason the service was very slow at this restaurant. The steak was very good. Making reservations for these restaurants was interesting. You would have to arrive at 8:30 in the morning to stand in line where it would take each person 10 minutes to make reservations. When you finally made it to the front of the line we were told everything was full. But after talking to the person for 10 minutes you find that every restaurant is available. Spa: * * * *  Very typical north-american spa. Very clean and the service was very good. They had just about every service, waxing, hairstyling/cutting, pedicures, manicures, facials, mud wraps. The prices weren't too bad, probably equal to what you would pay at home or less. I enjoyed a pedicure and a facial, both were very relaxing. There is also a steam room and a jacuzzi. Both of these are free. They also have showers. In the spa there is also a gym, with personal trainers.Entertainment: * * * The shows are every night at 9:30, the kids really enjoyed them, they were very entertaining. Before each show they give out prizes to the people/children who won playing the games or sports during the day. The shows are very well put together. Night life: * * * the night life if probably like any other resort. The bartenders are friendly and quick. The discotec opens at 11 p.m. and goes until 3 a.m. Like any other place you have to be careful how much you drink and who you are accompanied with, you have to remember it is a foreign country you are traveling to and just take certain precautions. Other information:There are a few stores in front of the resort (located inside the compound) There is a beach store and a cigar store. There is also a clinic with a doctor, incase it is needed. There is a ATM located in between the stores. I was able to take money out in Pesos one day but the next day it was empty. It's obviously good to bring all the money you need with you on the trip, and of course in american money. No one will exchange pesos or any other currency for you. There is also a park for children and some tennis courts located near the spa. The casino is located near the theater, it's a small casino.  All in all it was a very pleasant stay. Reading some of the other reviews you have to wonder just how ridiculous some people are. If you are looking for absolute perfection, you aren't going to find it at this resort or any other for that matter, it's not a developed country, I'd say they are offering the best they can if not more. I was satisfied with it, I feel I got my money's worth. I would definitely return. Hopefully my review was helpful in some way!  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>J-Roc123
<Content>Great Value for the Money Just got back from Sirenis Tropical Suites. We had a two-week stay Dec 15-29/07. We are a family of four who are experienced travellers. We have been to about 20 all-inclusive vacations at various high-end and low-end resorts in the Caribbean, DR, Cuba and Mexico. Our family had a lot of strong feelings about this resort, our fellow travellers and the whole experience, so here goes...... The Good:1. Beach was long, clean and just beautiful. Fine brown sand and no rocks. Red flags were up for a few days, but ocean was still swimmable.2. Pool scene was excellent - clean, large areas for swimming. Shallow areas for kids. Plenty of stuff going on, lots of bars and snack areas to eat lunch, get ice cream etc. Best of all, the pools are very close to the beach so you can alternate back and forth during the day without a lot of walking. Alejandro and Willy at the Beach Bar were excellent!3. Service was EXCELLENT from just about everyone - Restaurant workers (thank you to Juan and many others), chambermaids, Animation team (Action Jackson, Spaghetti), Gardeners, Front Desk - you name it. The people who say the Staff were rude were obviously rude to everyone themselves. Remember the golden rule people! Tipping and gift giving was appreciated, but not necessary to get good service. We brought a lot of children's Christmas gifts down for the locals - this is a very heartwarming thing to do and seemed to go over even better than money tips.4. A la Carte Restaurants - We ate several times at these and found the food to be very good with fantastic service. Contrary to what the brochures say, you can book these every day, one per day. Line ups to reserve were also not bad. Italian, Mexican and Chinese we thought were the best. Steakhouse and Seafood were good also. We heard good things about the Creperie, but did not go. Gourmet restaurant costs $35 extra/person - no thanks.5. Weather was perfect for 2 weeks straight - 29C, mostly sunny, very little rain, nice breeze off the ocean.The Bad:1. Rude tourists from Canada (sad as that is to say) and Europe (not England). I dont know what everyone paid to get to this hotel, but based on the deal we got - I think this place was a steal. Why some people expect the Ritz Carlton in a poor foreign country like the DR and then complain about everything is beyond our comprehension. Yes the place is not perfect - but you folks need to take a chill pill and take some reponsibility for making your vacation enjoyable. Example #1 - you miss your bus back to the airport and then publicly berate others as a result. It is YOUR responsibility to get on the right bus at the right time.Example #2 - no towels or beach chairs - figure out how to get them and you will be happy. Yelling at the poor guy cleaning your room usually doesn't work. 2. Airport Arrival/Hotel check in was terrible - Nolitours couldn't seem to count how many seats on the bus were needed to bring their clients to the hotel - some sat on their own luggage/other people's laps for the 1 hour+ bus ride. We were also not told of an orientation the next day (although I found out by asking others the next morning). I expect a bit more from a Canadian Tour Rep - they just seem to be glorified Excursion Salesman. This is the second year in a row Nolitours did a poor job for us and we will not be booking with them again even if they are cheaper than most. We also waited 3 hours when we got there to get our room keys - not a good start, but it got much better from there.Other Notes:1. Excursions - We went on Bavaro Runners Safari Tour - thought it was a very good day in the Dominican countryside. You get to see a real school, a farm where they grow and make coffee and cocoa, short horseback ride, nice lunch in the mountains, end it with a nice swim at beautiful beach. We heard mixed reviews on the Saona Island tour.2. Rooms - Mattresses are very hard - otherwise we thought they were OK. Yes there was a towel shortage (the Hotel should buy some more) and they did come late, but they eventually came. A combination of a fully-booked Christmas week and people stealing towels did stress the system out. HINT - Keep your blue beach towels overnight so if you want a late afternoon shower you can use these.3. Beach Chairs - Get out early during peak season to get what you want. Reserving beach chairs with your stuff is an age-old custom that you will need to adapt to.4. Bring mosquito repellent - you will need it at night.5. Bring lots of your own sunscreen - $20+ per bottle for bad brands on sale at their resort store. We saw lots of lobster-like people who still can't figure out (or dont care to) how to avoid getting burned. If you are lilly-white, dont use a #2 tanning oil or you will get badly burned, even on a partly cloudy day in December!6. Bring lots of small US bills to tip people with.7. Cant comment on the shows or after-hours scene at the disco or casino - we are not late nighters.8. Watersports - Not good visibility for snorkelling. A bit windy some days for kayaks. It looked like these activities was sub-contracted by Sirenis to another company. Be careful - after a catamaran lesson, one guy asked me for $5/day insurance in case we returned the boats or equipment damaged. Sirenis needs to address this as it seems like an unscrupulous side business to me. 9. Beach vendors are very aggressive - if you have trouble saying no, do not go into their shops. We befriended a couple of them and quickly found out they have very little else to do for gainful employment in this area. We ended up giving them some Christmas gifts and the rest of them then left us alone. We recommend that if you want to give gifts to locals, you should bring hats, shoes, cheap watches. make-up and kids toys.Overall, we had a great vacation and would not hesitate to return. Sirenis Tropical was a great value for the money.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	4	5	3	

<Author>Love2TravelOttawa
<Content>Another Day in Paradise That is what my wife said everyday. Another Day in Paradise.The resort is huge and very well kept. The staff is very friendly and accommodating. The food was very good at most places including the a la carte restaurants. We ate at the Italian, Mexican and Steak restaurants. The only thing we didn't care for was the ribs at the steak house but everything else was great.The beach was beautiful and well kept. They have great lounge chairs with cushions. There was plenty of palm tree umbrellas to provide shading and also just enough actual palm trees along the beach to do the same.If we had to complain about anything about the resort itself is the lineups to reserve dinner and the fact that there are no Non Smoking sections .... anywhere!We had doubts at first because our travel agent called us seven days before our departure to inform us that alcohol was no longer all inclusive in the disco and the casino. The tour operator, Nolitours, just informed them of the change and the only thing Nolitours was prepared to do was offer a full refund on the trip. This was very little to console us as it was now impossible to get a vacation for five people in such a short time frame. To say the least we were not impressed with the tour operator. I voiced my displeasure to the travel agency and also directly to Nolitours via their website before leaving for vacation. We have been back a day now from the trip and have yet to get a reponse from them.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>KentDec2007
<Content>Overall success The hotel grounds are great and staff work hard on keeping them litter free and tidy. Lots of Canadians who we found to be loud and brash and constantly complaining. English people tended to enjoy the hotel. Suite rooms good and spacious and cleaned well. Food overall was very satisfactory and no experience of tummy trouble from us or other guests we spoke to. Out of the way location so unless you are after a sun, sea and sand holiday probably not the best hotel for you. Hotel entertainment not the best but general areas big enough to meet up with other holiday makers and enjoy the bars.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	3	3	4	3	

<Author>beachlover39
<Content>Not comparable to other 4 1/2 stars Stayed at the Sirenis Dec 20-27th,2007.4 adults, (39,43,62,61) 2 children (14  11)Felt the 4 1/2 star was not warranted.I have travelled to DR 4 times. Stayed in other 4 1/2 and 5 star resorts. Beach was nice. No complaints. We experienced some large waves but no serious undertoe to be concerned about.Chairs were impossible to find on the beach. Huts were reserved overnight so that was rude. We were lucky enough to have shade 1 day by getting to the beach by 7am and getting the last hut.Pool was enjoyed by all. Again the whole chair thing was crazy. I could handle sitting on cement but older travellers had a hard time. Huts were impossible if not at pool before 7.Staff were great and very friendly. They loved our attempts at Spanish, especially the children ordering in Spanish. Loved the service.Rooms were very dated. Actually I would even call them not nice. Mold in showers etc. I would just appreciate having a clean bathroom like I would have at home. The maids did clean our room each day, no problem with towels. Brick mattresses but the pillow were fantastic. Made up for the brick we slept on. Not a big deal just an interesting point.Overall the food was ok. Each and every person would have no problem finding something they liked. Just repetative. Not very flavourful. I would say the food was the most disappointing. I had issued with the hamburgers always looking pink. I do not eat pink hamburger as I would not take the chance that it was raw.The lobby area had a very bad smell. Musty. All the wicker furniture smelled this way. Our room also. I get it. I know all about the humidity etc. Just curious why this hotel was so bad. The others I have stayed in had similare furniture and no smell. My whole luggage and all personal items smell horrid. Very noticable once I arrived home. Again I have not experienced this before.My family and I enjoyed our time in the sun. Children enjoyed their first time away. I would not return to this resort as I do feel it is tired. I think for the value I would have stuck with Bavaro Beach. Maybe even paid the extra and gone back to a previous resort.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	3	2	3	2	3	

<Author>christine5502
<Content>Amazing vacation I just wanted to add some little tips and things that i have seen noone else write, first off Mamajawana(sorry spelling) they have bottles everywhere for sale to take home some with the liquor some just with the wood chips, in canada at least you cannot take it home. not fun at 3 in the morning at customs being told that. i guess if you dont declare it you could get it in but i wouldnt do that.second, i think if you are going to a third world country you should learn a little but about it there. and not expect it to be like back home. i saw way to many people very angry about the roads- which if you just relax is actually really fun. and the language barrier.BRING BUG SPRAY. i did not and the bites are brutal! my boyfriends legs were covered and they are itchy! dont know what was biting us though.the resort was always clean and there were always tons of people working. maybe to many in the buffets they were everywhere! and always very friendly. they all seemed to love children.room was great but i found i could tip really good and get a little extra flowers and waters, or i could tip a dollar and get even better stuff. i think it depends on who cleans. but they deserve a tip.sometimes the towels were a little late, we got them after dinner some nights but we at least got them.go on the saona day trip. most beautiful place and the ride back on the catamaran was amazing. just dont drink to much rum!the only complaints would be the actual other tourists there. but you cant blame that on the resort. alot of rude people (and i have seen other reviews say this too) and some of the things a saw people doing with all the kids around had me sick to my stomach . (drugs) i tried to say something but the language barrier was a problem. other then that, sirenis was an amazing resort and i would go back next year.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>nat086
<Content>worst vacation ever Worst service ever. Most ignorant people I have seen serving tourists. Disgusting, dirty rooms. Problem with towels, water. Very dusty, cobweb everywhere, broken, tired furniture. I will rate this hotel max 3.5 stars. Tips made no difference at all.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>mamahawk32
<Content>Great stay but too many smokers       Statue in the pool  
<Date>Dec 22, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>fruitcakeuk
<Content>Amazing time at the Serenis! My partner and I travelled to the Domincan Republic on Nov 22nd for a fortnight. We stayed at the Serenis Tropical Suites in Ulvero Alto.Flight there:- We flew with My Travel from Gatwick via Manchester(we did already know this prior to our trip) On arrival in Manchester we were told there was a 'fault' with the door on the plane and would have to disembark. After 1.5 hrs we boarded a Thomas Cook plane and set off! (We later found out that they do this regulary!!!) Flight was fine no problems made up some time in the air and arrived about 230pm in the afternoon. Having already been to the DR and Punta Canan I knew what to expect on arrival and it all ran smoothly and we were on our air conditioned transfer buses in no time. Yes the roads are very bumpy so be prepared and there are no rules on how to drive it seems and quite frequently they change sides of the road! I would not reccommend driving out there during your stay.Hotel- On arrival we were greeted with a refreshing cocktail and check in ran very smoothly and we set off to our room which was T101. We got everything we requested,a gorgeous sea view on the first floor. The rooms are very basic but very clean and served there purpose well. My only comment is that the A/C was very tempremental so didnt use it much and at this time of the year wasnt a problem. The food was amazing. We used the buffet alot but also tried a few of the Speciality restaurants. We went to the Mexican,Chinese,Steakhouse,Italian and the Medditeranean. Our favourites were the Italian and Mexican. Book well in advance for the steakhouse but its well worth a visit! Sample menus are available at Guest Services for you to look at.Drinks were in abundance too and some of the cocktails were lovely. My fav was the Strawberry Daquiri and my partner loved the Pina Colada and the local drink 'Coco Loco' The staff in this resort were so friendly and helpful and always greeted you whether it be in the restaurant or just walking on the sidewalk! They work so hard 24/7 and keep the resort immaculate. The entertainment staff were fantastic and we made it to quite a few of the shows and would recommend the Dirty Dancing,Grease,Domincan and the Stars shows. They put in so much effort throughout the day but won't hassle you to join if you dont want too. 'Spaghetti' (one of the guys)was soo funny and amusedus when we were lazing by the pool.The sea by the beach was a little disappointing as was very choppy and not ideal for swimming in. We spent most of our days by the pool which was fantastic and kept very clean. Our only comment was that in our second week they started doing repairs and tore down the bridge which resulted in a lot of noise and mess but I guess it had to be done at some time and didnt affect us much(we just moved further away)We did two trip both which I reccomend. We went by Catamaran to Saona Island which was amazing and the sea was gorgeous(will post pictures) We ate lunch there and sunbathed and then came back on a speedboat which was great fun!The other trip we did was to the Marinarium abnd we snorkelled and swam with the stingrays  nurse sharks which amazing.Overall we had a fantastic holiday and would not hesitate to return  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Vicki_Gordon
<Content>Absolutely loved the resort...will go back!!       View from our room Q101 - Tropical Side  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>flavioparra
<Content>Best vacation I arrived to Sirenis Tropical Suites with my girlfriend at dec.1 to dec.8, the buffet is excellent, there are food at any hour of the day BBQ on the beach at 11:00 am, every restaurant have very delicious food, and if you want something different from buffet you must take a reservation in the morning to diferent choices of food, i prefer mare nostrum the best johny carrasco , people who work in these hotel are very nice, and happy most of the day, barman always give you drink whit a smile.The hotel room was perfect, very comfortable, every morning i give 1 dollar to clean service, so the room always are clean at 01 pm.People in republica dominicana are very pour, but are good people, Michel the guy of tatoo in the pool its great person, he can guide you to what to do in dominican night, just like every one of service personal.I recomended the tour to Saona Island, take reservation in reception on COCO TOUR , they take you at the morning in a van and bring you back ay 7pm aprox.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>fahnaj
<Content>Not bad at all !! My daughter and I spent the week of Nov. 25 to Dec. 1 at this resort. Overall, we had a great time - here are my notes in short:- Food - we ate at the buffet everytime - lots to choose from - amazing salads, great bread - had absolutely no problem finding something nice to eat - fresh fruit juice for breakfast - fresh fruit at lunch and dinner plus great deserts!- Room - That was our only problem. Beds were hard and pillows were lousy. If they replaced the beds and pillows, I would have no complaints!!- Beach - Amazing! - No shortage of loungers.- Pool - Amazing! Very clean.- Staff - Amazing! Very friendly and most willing to help.- Grounds - clean and beautiful to look at.What can I say? We had a great time and wouldn't mind doing it again.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>4	5	1	3	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>bshepp
<Content>Vacation fro Hel I recently returned from the Sirenis Tropical in punta Cana. It is a long drive from the airport, over an hour. We arrived at 9:30pm local time. Upon my arrival they had screwed up the room reservations for a few of us arriving. They scurried us off to the buffet to eat before it closed at 10pm and assured us that the rooms would be straightened out by our return. The luggage was left in thier care and they assured us it would be watched by them. Mine was watched so well that my passport was taken. They were no help even though they could see I was visablely upset. The representative did nothing as well the next morning. After 3 days of worrying and no help from the hotel or the tour operator I cancelled my passport via a conference call from my home number in Canada. I had spent numberous calls over these 3 days talking with the Canadian Consulate and the passport office. I can't and don't have time to go into great detail my negative experience with this hotel and the Nolitours reps. People I was travelling with also had thier room key, safe key and money taken from thier beach bag while there as well. Besides loosing these they were charged 30 US for the safe to be opened and 20US for the loss of the room key including what was taken. They also tried to double charge me for a service when I was checking out. I have been to the Dominican Republic 6 times and although I love the people there I doubt I will ever return. I definately will never use this tour operator again or will I ever go to this resort again. If you're going there don't leave any of your stuff in the care of the hotel staff or do not leave it unattended while you go in the pool or ocean and think twice about using a different tour operator as the ones at the Sirenes Tropical are of no help.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	1	3	1	1	1	

<Author>jaybird78rampage
<Content>best vacation i've ever been on       huge lobby  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>shaw4
<Content>Best value for your money I spent the week of Nov. 18 to Nov. 25 at Sirenis Tropical resort with my sister and two friends. The weather was fantastic, the food and service were incredible, and the location, beach and grounds were spectacular. We were all very impressed with absolutely everything. We were all accustomed to staying in five star resorts, so were a little hesitant. But I would rate this resort as a five star if the rooms were updated a little bit. They are very large and clean, just a little tired looking. The resort was not full, so no lineups at buffet or bars. Lots of lounges available around the pool all day. Food at the buffet was excellent!Overall, a very nice experience and would return without hesitation.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>cuteycuddles
<Content>Fantastic Vacation....Loved the Sirenis!!!!       Our beds when we arrived  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	5	5	

<Author>TripTripper96
<Content>A place for the whole family!       Rainbow after the rain  
<Date>Nov 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>mic_sam
<Content>Maybe a 2 stars I've stayed to the Sirenis hotel from Nov 15th to Nov 22nd. I and my Girlfriend are 24 years old. We travelled a lot and have always used Tripsadvisor to review and quote the hotel. I can tell you that this booking was a big mistake. Room: Very simple. Air conditioning broke down twice. Some days the maid did not even cleaned the room properly and we gave her very good tips everyday. By the way get up early to get some hot water.Food: Only disgusting, one of the restaurants was not that bad but the rest was really awful. The buffet is the worst I've ever seen.Staff: Bartender is very friendly and awesome. The reception guys just don't have any Customer Service Skills and are not bothered about your need.Beach: very Nice, but a bit rocky.Overall: I do recommend this resort for somebody with a limited budgetor if you have a very very very good deal. However this hotel is not a5 stars, 4 stars or 3 stars hotel. It's a 2 stars hotel.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	2	4	1	3	1	

<Author>kleopatra_v
<Content>The best time ever!!! Cannot wait to go back in February       the salad at the restaurant  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AlleyCat1980
<Content>Great time at Tropical !!!       cheesecake  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Scaredofdelmar
<Content>Locals! Locals! Friday to Sunday Very nice hotel. Lots of places to walk. Overall very clean. Went November 1/07 --lots of mosquito bites but the staff are seen spraying a nice lemony bug spray often.Food is average, like other 3rd world countries so if you know what to expect it is fairly good for what it is. Lots of variety in smorg's to keep you happy for a week. Hotel needs to give more notice when they are closing AL-LA-CARTE restaurants. We only got to one, because the others were closed the last 3 days of our trip. ( Oh yeah, by the way..... I wouldn't recommend Nolitours or Air Transit for your trip-but thats another story......).A real disappointment was that the staff and family come to the hotel on Fridays-around noon and can stay until Sunday around supper. Nice intentions of Hotel Managment but it seems to have gotten out of hand. The place was crowded with alot of inconsiderate locals. Cups and garbage all over, pools filled with their roudy kids, local teenagers splashing and spilling drinks in the pool; they didn't have much consideration for others. Swim-up bar over crowded with locals, vacationers couldn't get a drink. Bar staff were catering to them and ignoring the vacationers! I think if this Hotel continues to do this they will lose alot of the Snow birds vacationing here. Perhaps, November is such a slow month, that Staff Locals only come then. I would strongly recommend that this Hotel puts rules in place, oh I don't know, something like.... Be considerate of the paying customers??? All in all, no major complaints, very friendly staff, cleanliness and lots of fun Tuesday to Thursday.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>SCOOBYRedditch
<Content>6lbs heavier... weightwatchers here I come (AGAIN) Have just returned this morning...6lbs heavier in 10 days.Great trip, helped by good flights with mytravel, we struck lucky and got a good flight deal and paid just 拢15 each for extra leg room (each way !)Were very lucky that we missed the end of Hurricane Noel, weather was fab.First must do, is pack zillions of mossie stuff in your suitcase,nearly everyone at the hotel was suffering with bites, and although there is on on site pharmacy it was very expensive.Fodd, huge choce, great service and never had a problem with trying to get a reservation at any restaurant (worth going early in the morning, they open for 0800 for reservations for that night ot from 1600=1800 for same evening.Found trips through all companied to be very pricey about $140 for two for the cheapest trip and upwards, after recovering from cabin fever rapidly decided to stay put for 10 days of PURE RELAXATION!Cocktails were fab, good measures and choice, Mamujuana the local stuff is a brain blower, so watch out/The Animation team at the hotel were excellent, many activities if you want to join in, but no pressure if you don't, they will leave you well alone.Stayed onTropical side, good large rooms and great housekeeping, try and get a room upstairs if you can, nicer balconies.Well time to have the one thing we missed whilst away, a good old curry...so hope you will enjoy your sat as much as we did and as a footnote if you are booking the old rectory guest house at Gatwick for pre-departure night, cancel at once, it is the dirtiest place I ahve ever seen in my life, we checked in and out and stayes at the Manor House.Hope this helpsRegardsJayne  
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Mickee13
<Content>Definitely a great resort! PLEASE totally ignore any negative reviews about this resort, as there are people who will always find something negative regardless of where they travel/stay.I am a 60-something female, who travelled solo and stayed at Sirenis Tropical. Other than a room mix-up on my first day, it was an absolutely fabulous vacation. I found the majority of staff to be extremely helpful and friendly and always willing to help make your stay a memorable one.I am an experienced traveller and definitely found this resort to be one of the best. I had decided this vacation was strictly for lazing around the pool on an air mattress and walking on the beach, both of which I enjoyed immensely. At times in late afternoon, it was so quiet on the beach that it felt strange and the only sound I could hear was the tide coming to shore.The rooms on the Tropical side are suites, which are very spacious, have two TV's and a patio with a very nice breakfast set.The food was never-ending and you could go to an la carte restaurant every night of the week. There was entertainment every evening, which was also very enjoyable and sometimes involved audience participation providing a lot of laughs. I particularly enjoyed the Dirty Dancing presentation, which was an excellent performance.I would return to this resort in a heartbeat and was sorry I hadn't booked a two-week stay instead of just one.Arlene - Hamilton  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>Janey2000
<Content>Fantastic 4 star hotel, could not fault it. Stayed at this hotel for 2 weeks at end of September 2007. Have actually just arrived home this morning! We were allocated on arrival and so were a little worried as to what accomodation we would get. We did not have to worry. The hotel was fantastic. I feel that it is correctly graded as a 4 star but is one of the best 4 star properties I have stayed in. I could not fault it. The staff were all friendly and accomodting. The room (which had a seperate living room) was clean and spacious. The food was fantastic. Obviously buffets get a bit repetative but there was nothing that was not fresh or looked unappetising. Everything was cooked properly and well presented. The pool area is huge with plenty of sunbeds. The hotel was only at 60% capacity when we stayed there though. At weekends Dominicans use the hotel and it did seem a lot busier but that was probably because it had been pretty quiet the rest of the week. I really could not fault this hotel in any area.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>dmkdaphne
<Content>Outstanding Stay at the Sirenis Tropical       Palms at daybreak  
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Noodl3
<Content>Best Ever!!       pool  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rickysiola
<Content>forget all bad reviews Hello again. This time I stayed at this hotel for 1 week from Sept 2 to sept 9. Let me start by saying this. The food was great, the staff were the nicest of any hotel that I have stayed at. The beach was fantastic. The weather was excellent, oh ya, sorry, it did rain one day for 5 minutes. I travel lots and I would recomend this hotel for couples with or without kids although I did not see many kids there. Young and adult couples will love it. There is always something going on, beach bbq, games with prizes, vollyball, and the pool bars are to die for. Pool bars open at 9am till 12 pm, and the pool is huge. Casino is alright and the disco is fun. So all in all it was a great stay, oh and the suites are clean, safe, and a good size. I give this hotel 5 out of 5!  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bat11
<Content>Hungry for a caterpiller?       The caterpiller  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	2	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>playalover78
<Content>would go back tomorrow hola!Just got back from a week at the Sirenis Tropical Suites and had a great time. I would rate this hotel a 4 star overall, as was advertised with my tour operator.Grounds: the grounds of this hotel are beautiful. The walkway down the middle played music (which I loved because it reminded me of Canada's Wonderland for you all you Toronto area people). The layout of the resort makes it easy to get to everything.Pool: I'm not a pool person but this pool was gorgeous! It is the longest pool I've ever been to and many areas are over 7 ft. There are also a ton of shallow areas and 2 pool bars at opposite ends. You most definately have one drink finished before you can swim to the bar at the other end of the pool.Beach: AWESOME!!! the sand was golden soft brown and the water was warm and crystal blue. There is a lot of coral with tropical fish (even in close so everybody can snorkle if they wish). Bring a roll from the buffet and feed the fish...they love it and you get some great pictures. The pool and beach always had tons of available loungers.Food: Not too bad. I never went hungry. This is where the hotel would lose its fifth star rating. I am a picky eater and enjoyed every meal. Every buffet dinner had a carving of some kind (salmon wellinton, roasted chicken, turkey, etc), the pasta bar, and then regular buffet items. Lunch at the pool snack bar was the best...nachos and cheese and softserve icecream...:)Rooms: we had a great room. The best shower pressure EVER and an airconditioner that was so cold it put condensation on the windows. The mini bar was always stocked with pop and water. I would recommend brining your own pillow as the resorts is just cotton batton in a pillow case.Service: the service at the hotel was superb. My glass was never empty, wait time at the bars was minimal and never was there a dirty plate in front of me. The staff truly went out of their way to ensure our stay was enjoyable. Horseback Riding: I booked the horseback riding tour offered by the guys who sit near the towel exchange. It was advertised as $45 for 2 hours (5-7pm). I was the only person from the hotel who booked for that day and got a solo ride (which is fine by me). My horse was in great shape and my guide and I ran the entire beach, fantastic! I did however speak to another couple who went the day after me and their ride was not even close to 2 hours. The moral of the story is: the ride and horses are great, just have it in your mindset that you are paying $45 for a little over an hour on the horse, not 2. Well worth it for me as I did get 2 hours of riding in, but most people do not.Overall I would go back to this resort in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Hammy38
<Content>Sirenis Tropical..the good, the bad and the ugly! We came back from Sirenis Tropical on August 12, 2007. The hotel common areas, landscaping, pool and beach is spectacular and definitely warrants a 4 plus. The rooms..well that's a different story.If you look at the internet ads for the resort, the rooms are depicted as state of the art, 5 star rooms. It definitely is not 5 star and would consider it at least a 3.5star. The room was dark and smaller than expected. They are sold as suites, but when you get there you are told that they are in fact junior suites. I would call them more like cubby holes! They are small for a suite and the bedding well, let's just say I think they got a two for one deal on their tableclothes because that's what they used for the bedding!However I have to say the staff was extremely accomodating. Once we called them articulating our disappointment, they were quick to respond and give us another room. A little better I will admit, but definitly not up to a 5 star standard.Food was very good and you could see they do put a lot of effort in their menu planning. I would stick to the buffet, as there was more of a variety. Although we were happy with the food, both my friend and I became violently ill with food poisoning on the same day. Moreover we met two girls, who one of them actually found a caterpillar in her rice and took a picture to prove it..apparantly they plan to post it on this site! All I would advise is just watch your food a little more closely and eat things in moderation.The biggest complaint I have is regarding the Noritour representative. She was far from helpful and obviously is out to make her quick buck! She sold us on taking a shopping tour which she arranges. She assured us there would be great local items to buy including large pieces of local artwork which I was more interested in buying myself. Well the driver took us to the shopping district which had many nice local stores, but he led us to one particular store that was owned an operated by a foreigner. We were disappointed with the items in the store, as it was minimal, no artwork and the prices outrageous! I decided to venture out to the other stores, but as I walked out, the owner of the store came running out saying I was not allowed to go to the other stores, since she made the arrangment with the Noritour rep that all the people that she sent would be going to her store and her store only (apparantly she paid for the transportation for us getting there). This was a surprise to us, as our Noritour rep never mentioned that we were limited to one store! That is misrepresentation if you ask me!! All in all, it wasn't a bad place, but have to admit have had better experiences. I will say that the staff at Sirenis definitely made up for some of the negative we experienced as they are genuine, friendly and extremley helpful!I would recommend this place to others, as the pool and beach are definitely breathtaking. The only thing I would say that make sure you are not paying a 5 star rate, as its not that at all. 3.5 star is what you should be paying for!HC  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	4	3	4	5	2	

<Author>plas
<Content>Wonderful Vacation My husband and I stayed at the Sirenis Aug.12-19, 2007. It is a huge property consisting of many 2 and 3 story buildings. The Tropical side, where we stayed, consisted of suites. Although the property is not new, our suite was cleaned daily and drinks in the frig were replenished daily. The ocean was fantastic-no rocks, seaweed, jelly fish or other unwanted things. The water was warm and quite calm. Not the best for boogie-boarding, but great for swimming. Every type of water craft was available. Beach palapas (straw umbrellas) had to be reserved early, as a general rule. The pool is gigantic, divided into several sections and that is where all the activities take place. The animation team is good and tries hard to get the guests involoved in many games.There are 9 restaurants on site, available by reservation on the same day you want to go, as well as 2 buffet restaurants, and a snack bar by the pool. The food is fine, not great, and we did not get sick from it. There is something for everyone, including vegetarian and kid's menu. We did not eat out of the property, as it is at least 35 minutes to the nearest small town and we chose not to do that. The property is quite isolated; it's not near any other hotels within walking distance, or even any shops. You have to take a taxi anywhere you want to go off the site.The property has beautiful gardens, trees and walkways. As it is very spread out, there is a tremendous amount of walking, the only drawback. It is not ideal for handicapped people, or those who do not like to walk, especially in the blazing sun (most days were 40 degrees including heat factor),The shows were so-so. We went to three and declined the rest. It is very hot in the theatre and the shows start at 10:00 p.m., by which time I was tired and wanted to sleep. e did not go to the disco, so I have no idea what it's like.There are many bars on site, including in the pool. We would sit in the gigantic lobby after supper and the waitresses would serve you whatever you wanted. They have many exotic drinks which we sampled, including the usual beverages you find in these type of resorts.As we have been to Punta Cana before and did side trips then, we did not do any trips this time. There are many things to visit, but some of the trips are quite costly (i.e.$100 plus US/ person).As we went during the rainy season, we were quite lucky to have only one day of rain, the tail end of Hurricane Dean. It did rain like the end of the world on our second to last day and was very windy. But when you go to the trop8ics in the summer, you takle your chances, hoping to be lucky.All in all, a very enjoyable vacation.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	3	4	3	

<Author>punum
<Content>Not a 5 star! NOT a 5 star or even a 4 star. The grounds are beautiful, the beach is nice. Although Bavaro beach is better, this is about 10KM further out.The differnce here is that the accomodations are poor-Dirty, moldy, rusty and lots of broken peices of equipment.The staff is deffinately a 5 star!! They are great people and they did try to make the accomodations cleaner. But the management/owners have to step up and take some respondsibility.Nolitours is a terrible tour group! The rep was too young and wet behind the ears. We suffered food poisioning during our stay and her lack of care was very upsetting, considering two other travelers found a catapiller in the rice and took a photo to prove it!To conclude, don't over pay for this holiday if you want so called 4-5 star accomodations.The staff is very accomodating and tries so hard to give you the best possible service. Food was so so ( for a 5star they should have much more variety) .The weather was awesome! Bon Voyage!AC  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>2	3	-1	4	2	3	5	3	

<Author>salholaddict
<Content>best holiday so far My partner and i went to sirenis tropical suites on tha 29th May 2007 for 2 weeks with my daughter and her boyfriend, let me tell you it was amazing, i was a bit worried as i had visited this site and there was alot of bad comments. As far as i'm concerned they were all crap we loved everything about the resort.THE ROOMthe room was spotless the aircon worked perfect, the mini bar was always refilled every day our maid was second to none.THE ACTUAL RESORTthe pool and pool bars were brillient service excellent. the beach was something out of a paradise movie it was breath taking, the entertainment team worked really hard loved it all.FOODi was not happy with the chinese but the rest ok you are better off going to the buffet as there you will always find something to eatthe waiters and waitresses were amazing they were so good at what they do, i tipped evey time and they were worth it.Over all we had an amazing time i would recomend this resort to anyone. The resort, people and country was the most memorable holidayso far, and we will be going back.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>breezes97
<Content>La Sirenis is an Excellent Value We stayed at La Sirenis July 24-27. Two adults, two children (11, 10). Check-in went very smoothly except we forgot to ask and pay ($2 per day) for our safe key while we were there, so had to make a trip back to the front desk. Staff was very gracious.Best part of this resort is definitely the beach. Water is warm, we swam a lot. Spent our afternoons under the palm trees on the beach. Beach area is kept clean by staff. The grounds are well maintained. We did not have any problems with bugs.We had a two room suite in the T building near the beach. Good location although it is a bit of a hike back to the main buffet and entertainment venue. Our children loved having their own TV at night to watch sports and the Disney channel. Mini bar was well stocked and we left a note for the maid to leave extra water which was no problem. Had towel creations every day and our room was clean and well maintained.Food at the buffet was good to excellent. We enjoyed the pasta bar. Desserts are not great. Enjoyed the variety of juices, drinks were plentiful and service was good.Brought dollars for tips but didn't see that they made a big difference. Staff was always very accomodating even without a tip; however we wanted to support the locals who work there.Pool was clean, wished the pool and bars stayed open a little later. I think 6:00 pm in the summer is too early. Again, beach is gorgeous with plenty of chairs and shade. We never went out early to reserve a space and it wasn't a problem. Snorkeling is not great but we enjoyed the catamaran.International crowd of visitors. If you are from the US seeking an American style vacation, you might be disappointed. Staff probably spoke more English than the other guests. We enjoyed the many nationalities who visited--British, French, German, etc. There was a small group of rowdy drunks at the pool bar several times, but not too much of a distraction. Michael Jackson show was a hoot!We paid approximately $150 US per night for the hotel and thought it an excellent value for the quality that we received. It is not a five star property but it is a solid resort with many good features. I wouldn't hesitate to stay again or recommend it to others.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Picky-traveller-13
<Content>Wonderful - A whole different world! I loved my stay at this resort. It was fantastic. It was more than I had ever imagined. The resort was well kept and beautiful. The staff was very very friendly. The entertainment was fantastic. They made my stay a great experience. I would definitely go back to this resort again. Food was good. I really liked the Mexican a la carte. The room was great. We saw a couple of bugs in the bathroom, but not in our bedroom. The bed was uncomfortable. That's my only complaint. The disco was very good. The music was great. The entertainment staff and dancers were always at the disco and danced with you. The beach was great. The security was great. I felt really safe there. The maids were very nice. It was so lively there. Even the wait staff were up beat and sometimes dance to the music. It was a great deal!!!!!!! and I would go back in a heart beat.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>loopyloo69
<Content>loved it       a beautiful sunset that i took  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>beachbaby087
<Content>Paradise!! My boyfriend and I stayed at the Sirenis Tropical in Punta Cana for our summer vacation and it was unbelievably gorgeous! The grounds are very well maintained, gardeners are always out keeping the grounds in immaculate shape and are more than happy to climb a tree for you for a coconut. Pool was gorgeous, very very big and was at just that perfect temperature. If you want to get a chair around the pool that is in the shade you must go early though, they fill up quickly. Buffets were great...food tasted very good. The beach was beautiful, however the most central area to swim in the ocean had a bit of seaweed floating around but if you walk about 2 minutes down it clears up. The staff at this resort are probably the most friendly people you'll ever meet!! We made very good friends with Phillipe and Fedor (bartenders) at La Pergola bar...they made our stay about 20 times more fun as they were sooo hilarious and kind. The drinks were amazing, especially one called a Marco Polo and the bartenders are definitely not cheap on the amount of liqor....you're glass will be about 3/4 liqor and a splash of juice or pop unless you tell them otherwise. We did get a helpful piece of advice about the drinks from our travel guide....any drink that has creme de coco i believe it was called such as the Coco Loco drink are best to stay away from as the creme de coco is considered a laxative there!! The only thing I would have to say that I didnt like about this resort was that the front desk never seemed to have any small american bills which was quite a problem as most of our bills were 20s and we wanted some smaller bills to tip the bartenders and other friendly staff so make sure to change your money earlier. Besides that though this was an amazing resort, we would go back in a second so dont listen to any of the bad reveiws.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	4	

<Author>dayday15
<Content>Loved It!       Our hotel  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Rozypose
<Content>PARADISE!!! Simply put, INCREDIBLE! We booked this trip not really knowing what to expect...we saw an arial shot of the whole resort, heard about its ammenities and activities, and figured we'd go ahead with it. My jaw dropped as soon as our bus began to pull into the long stretch of drive way, passing cute little shops and beautiful landscaping, pink flamingos and finally, the resort. This place was beyond every expectation I could have ever had!! This resort has got to be one of the most beutiful places I have ever stayed at. The extremely friendly staff and lively entertainment crew, the FABULOUS food (tip, stick to the buffet and maybe give the steak house restaurant a shot, but otherwise, BUFFET ALL THE WAY), the wonderful activities, the spotless cleanliness, the beautiful landscaping and surroundings....the list goes on and on....This is however mostly a family resort and a getaway for couples, so if you're looking for rowdy fun, this is definitly not the place...but if you're looking to be surrounded in a paradise of a resort, being serviced by the most lively and friendliest people, to eat some fabulous dishes, to endulge in fun silly daily activities or simply enjoy the comany of some newly-met friends at the EXCELLENT swim-up bar, then this is it! I would DEFINILTY go here again and i HIGHLY recommend it to all!The one and only negative thing I can say is that the beds aren't too comfy to sleep in and the casino really isn't much to brag about (at all)....basically not a huge nightlife...the disco is fun, but not crazy or anything...and other than that, there's not really too much to do otherwise....ALL in ALL, FABULOUS!!!  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Sonnei
<Content>Amazing! Amazing! is to say the least. This place treated my family and I like Kings and Queens at no extra cost. The staff were superb. They were always willing and ready to make us feel extra especial. The chefs, Don Nelson and Matias, were both great. They pretty much catered to our desires. On the day of my birthday they prepared me a special seafood dish, a sirloin steak and a few extra things.....I drank champagne until I couldn't drink anymore and the cake was to die for. It was just incredible! They were just outstanding! Spaghetti, the comedian of the animation, was a true clown...a natural at making people laugh. He was a genious. You need to meet him if you want to leave your worries behind. I strongly recommend this place...do not hesitate to book at Sirenis, I am sure you'll have a great time. The pool was remarkable. It was always clean.....have no fears.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Lisasheffield
<Content>Don't listen to the poor reviews We came to the Sirenis suites in July this year for two weeks and felt very wary to what we might find reading all of the bad reviews on the internet. PLEASE DO NOT LISTEN TO THESE BAD REVIEWS!As we arrived at the hotel we were greated with a cocktail and our suitcases were taken to our room while we checked in. The only thing i can say is don't expect 5 star rooms ours was more like a basic 3 star but that is all you need when on holiday. They were cleaned every day, bottles of water and cola always stocked in the mini bar and flowers were sometimes put in the room. The buffet restaurant always had something for everybody and in the evenings there are lots of a la cart restaurants to choose from i recommend the chinese yum! Lots of choice on the cocktail list all day every day. The gardens are lovely and well maintained, the beach is a fantasic place to go and chill out for the day especially when there is a nice breeze. Over all we had a fantastic holiday and this is a great hotel for a relaxing time.P.S. If you go on any trips i totally recommend Bavaro Splash! great fun.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Christina_Danny
<Content>The grounds was out of this world.Beautiful.       The map...resort is huge  
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	5	4	4	

<Author>emdoh46
<Content>Surpassed all expectations! I have to start by saying that the negative comments about this resort must have gone to a different resort than the Sirenis Tropical! Especially regarding unhelpful and rude staff, for me and my boyfriend the staff are one of the best assets for this complex, they can't be faulted. The only problems we experienced were fellow holiday makers being incredibly rude, inpatient and ignorant towards staff. Being polite and having a smile on your face goes a long way here, You are on holiday after all!From the moment we arrived until the moment we checked out we had an amazing experinece and can honestly say it was the best holiday we have ever been on.The grounds are extremely well kept by tremendously hard working staff. The rooms are a good size, clean and tidy. The food is out of this world (unless you only want pie and chips every night), couldn'tfault it, excellent choice and quality in the buffett and the bookable restaurants are fabulous too (especially the Chinese). All of the bars and Casino are well stocked and staffed. Entertainment is varied and enjoyable for all ages. Pools are clean, beach is gorgeous, you feel very safe in the resort with security staff present but by no means intrusive, you are free to walk up and down the beach as far as the eye can see. Would also recommend going snorkelling in the sea, amazing. All in all, we woulddefinately go back to the Sirenis Tropical Resort and would advise fellow travellers not to be put off by the negative reviews on this site (I'm glad we weren't!).  
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>travelR&R
<Content>Not what is used to be         
<Date>May 23, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	5	4	1	4	-1	

<Author>Taz_Devil_UK
<Content>You will enjoy this place We have just returned (24th April 2007) from the Sirenis Tropical after a 2 week holiday staying in P block. Here is what I have to say:Firstly you need to remember that this is a third world country with a tropical climate and the native language is Spanish. With a tropical climate comes tropical inserts and wildlife. It does not hurt to learn a few simple Spanish words/phrases such as 鈥楶lease鈥?and 鈥楾hank You鈥? Trust me it helps and its polite.Grounds: Well maintained and very nice even after a two hour downpour the gardeners were out cleaning up the leaves. They were always cutting down coconuts and would provide you with one or several if you asked, nicely and paid a small tip.Rooms: They were clean and tidy and must have the best air con I have ever known whilst on holiday. It was just like walking into a fridge.Food: Variety was good, although I have to laugh at one translation, which read 鈥楶igs Meat鈥?鈥?it was pork. We only tried the Mexican, Italian and Steak House restaurants but we preferred to eat in the Buffet. There is no problem booking into the 鈥楾hemed鈥?restaurants. Staff: What can I say? The buffet/restaurant staff always ensured you had a full glass of iced cold water or alcoholic drink and they were very friendly. A BIG mention must go to the entertainment staff. They were great. If you go to this resort try and meet Henry or Jensy and just mention the 鈥楲azy Alcoholic English鈥?鈥?that is how we were known. Daniel at the pool bar and Antonio in the Lobby Bar also need a good mention. All we did was tip them when we started drinking and tipped them when we finished. It was not much to us but believe me these guys/gals are not paid as much and you and me. Even so you will never see one member of staff without a smile on their face.Bars: Juan on the Beach Bar Grill kept us entertained all the time. Your glass will never be empty. Can鈥檛 remember the name of the drink but it was something like 鈥榤amajoanna.鈥?Try the all the Cocktails (not in one night), there are great.Entertainment: Day time brilliant, you may be asked to join in darts, 鈥榮tretchie strechie鈥?water polo etc but if you say no they will not harass you further. As mentioned above Henry will have you in stitches with his wigs etc. We did not see any of the nighttime entertainment in the 鈥楨ntertainment Theatre鈥?but we did partake in the Saturday night Bingo. The Lobby bar had singers on each night with songs from all nationalities.Beach: Great, plenty of sunbeds and clean. Pool: Best one I have ever been in. Summary: It鈥檚 that good we are also planning to get married there in April 2008. We also met a couple that were staying there for the third year on the trot, so it can鈥檛 be all that bad as some have mentioned. The only downside is that some guests forgot to pack their manners. If you go you will soon find out which nationality I am referring to.And lastly don鈥檛 think too much about the negative reports on this review site, this resort is ace.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bride_and_groom2008
<Content>paradise, loved it going back to get married!               
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LOVETOTRAVELSYDNEY
<Content>Not bad       lobby area  
<Date>Apr 6, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Isleofwighttraveller
<Content>Don't believe the negative reviews We returned on the 13th March after two fabulous weeks at this hotel. Before we left I had read some of the reviews on this site about our hotel and I must admit they worried me, but having been I do wonder if they were writing about the same hotel! It was clean spacious and the food was excellent, both the quality and the choice. Each meal had something for everyone in our opinion, you could even has bacon, sausage and eggs if you wanted, but I recommend the omelettes cooked as you wait with whatever fillings you like. Lunch was taken at the pool restaurant and we had salad most days, although there was a hot meat too with chips etc. Evenings there was everything you could wish for including a roast every night. The rooms were spacious with a lounge area, bedroom with 2 queen size beds and full bathroom, although we couldn't get the plug to work in the bath! Large balcony where we sat most evenings before dinner watching the sun go down. There was plenty of choice of pools with ample sun beds, but we spent every day on the beach, which went on for miles, probably the only criticism of this hotel is that there were not enough sun umbrellas, but I do think this is the case at a lot of hotels. The staff could not do enough for you even though all meals were buffet style the waiters/waitresses were on hand with the water, wine and whatever else you wanted at every meal. There are 7 speciality restaurants, that you do need to book for, only the gourmet restaurant is subject to a further charge. We tried the steakhouse, chinese and italian (twice) and they were all excellent. The grounds are very well tended and beautiful, they are quite large and we spent many an evening strolling round (if only to walk off all the pounds we had put on with the excellent food) This is a fantastic hotel and we would recommend it to everyone and we will definitely go back in the future.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nadia01
<Content>Travel Agent I am a travel agent and accompanied a group of elders at this resort in February. As for entertainment, excellent they keep everything very animated .....day and night. Food...well lots of variety but definitely not up to par..the A la carte restaurants were awful but the buffet was generally ok. The rooms definitely need upkeep.....need to be renovated badly...(fresh coat of paint...new bathrooms)...You should ask for the Coral side ...rooms are newer. Premises are stunning....the views are spectacular...pool is huge and beach area is clean. For those who are looking for calm water...really not the place. My seniors loved the place they found it very entertaining and enjoyed the food. I would stay more at a 5 star next time. Dominicans in general are not the friendliest but I guess being faced with tourists year round you tend to get fed up....like anywhere else in the world except for Cuba (of course still a communist country). All in all, nice vacation relaxing and any time you can run away from the cold is great for me.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	1	2	2	

<Author>Josepie
<Content>Not All That Recently went to The Sirenis Resort and to be honest it was a bit of a let down. Not all of them but me and my wife found some of the staff rude and very unhelpfull the rooms were ok but not what you would expect from a so called 5 star hotel. We had to be moved from our 1st room because of the poor quality. We also found that having to book for the restauarants a bit of a pain and was hard to get into them. Overall it was a bit of a let down but if you expect to be going to a so called 5 star and get a 3 star you will understand this. We had friends staying in the Sunscape The Beach which was no more than 5 mins in a taxi from the sirenis so if you are thinking of going to the Dominican then stay there for what the difference is in cost then this place is alot better it was alot more friendly, luxurious comforting etc. ps. hope this hasn't upset anyone already booked up!!!  
<Date>Mar 10, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PAAMUBLER
<Content>Fun was had by all!       The beach  
<Date>Mar 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>OtterburnParkChris
<Content>Great place ! Me and my wife have just returned from the Sirenis Tropical,This was our second stay at this resort and it was even better than our first trip two years ago.The food was excellent, it was very clean, entertainement was great, the staff was friendly,overall it was a fantastic stay.We will go back for sure !  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>YolandaB
<Content>Amazing!       The Beach  
<Date>Feb 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	3	5	5	

<Author>nisim5
<Content>ok, but expected much better The resort is nice if all you like to do is sit by the beach or the pool and eat all day long. I like to do other things like Waverunning, Tennis, Ping Pong, Beach Volleyball, shooting range, etc and found that even though the resort offers them, you would be really lucky if you actually did them. Every time I would approach them, i was told to come back either later or the next day. And even the next day, they would use an excuse like its cloudy or something like that. Another frustrating thing was the fact that the personnel does not speak English. They will yes you to death and you would walk away from the conversation wondering if they understood a word you said. For a 5 star resort, they do not even have toothpaste, so make sure you pack that along with all the other necessities. We had 5 people staying in the room (myself, my wife and 3 kids) and everytime they would clean the room, they would take 5 towels and replace with only 2. I would call them up and request 3 more towels and it would take upto 2 hours for someone to bring them up. The casino is only open after 8PM to 3:30AM which is a little inconenient.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	3	2	1	1	1	

<Author>dittoeh
<Content>Great relaxing vacation               More photos  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>fhmontreal
<Content>Would not recommend it My husband and I have travelled numerous times to the Caribbean over the years and have an understanding on what to expect (or not).This hotel is actually two hotels sharing facilities, including restaurants, beach, entertainment, spa, everything except hotel rooms. This poses a problem as there is twice as many people but not twice as many facilities. For example, we went during the Christmas holidays, and granted it is a busy time of the year, however getting a beach chair was impossible if you did not 'claim' one by 8 am. Booking an 'a la carte' dinner reservation would take up to one full hour just to get to the rsvp table.. just to find there were no availabilities left in all but one restaurant. Each person doing the booking had their own rules on how to do it. Chaos. We took a red eye and arrived at the hotel at 3:30 in the morning. We then had to stand in line, in the lobby, while one desk attendent booked the large bus load of people in. We finally arrived at our room to find we had no electricity. Fumbling in the pitch dark we called the lobby and they sent an electrician over. Half hour later, the lights went on just to discover the patio door lock was not working. Leaving was no less arduous. We had to leave the hotel for the airport at 11:30pm. However, they made us check out of our room by 12 noon. They had no facilities to safely storekeep our suitcases, other than the very busy and populated lobby. There our stuff sat, un-attended, for 12 hours. Passports, valuables, etc. went to the beach with us for the day, again with headaches that poses. To change for the evening, they offered us the spa facilities. That consisted of two dirty showers, one of which was broken. The other remaining was overused and undercleaned. The changing area offered no privacy what-so-ever and to add insult to injury, the design of the area included two doors at either end of the room. These doors led to the public areas of the spa building and whenever someone opened these two doors you had better have a towel nearby. No hairdryers, no soap, shampoo, nothing. The attitude of the travel representative on sight was not terribly professional and the front desk people were what we expected. I would go out of my way to not return here.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2007
<Rating>3	2	1	3	2	2	2	3	

<Author>cleve54
<Content>Lets settle the issue of mixed reviews Before I left on my vacation I was very uncertain what to expect from this resort due to all the mixed reviews.For all you people like me out there who are having trouble deciding - trust me,this resort is GREAT!I cannot understand some of the reviews on this site for their shallow negativity.Many of these clients are either simply expecting perfection and focusing on things the resort cannot control, or perhaps they may have some hidden agenda ( eg. -paid more than someone else perhaps and want to get even ).I stayed at a four star in the Mayan Riviera, paying twice the price and as far as I am concerned, it was only half the resort - in almost every respect !Before I went, I was curious - now I am baffled and almost angry with the critical reviews. Signed,  Happy for trusting my instincts  
<Date>Feb 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sirtravelalots
<Content>more than adequate We arrived at the Sirenis Tropical on February 5th for 1 week stay. We opted to take a taxi (50$us) as we didn't want to take a tour dropping off other travellers and wanted to start our vacation ASAP... We also have 2 kids (7 and 4) and didn't want them to have to travel for too long. Yes the road is bumpy but you can deal with it for 45 minutes... When we arrived to check in all went smoothly... No, you don't need to ask for the remote when you check in! They laughed at us when we did! As a reader of other critiques of this hotel I was expecting the worst! While checking in we did overhear 3 (!) other guests in the process or having just switched rooms for various reasons... On French tourist was having a sit-in because the countertop in her bathroom had fallen on her foot and she was furious... The only complaint I can make about the check-in is that I usually handle check-in while my husband chases the kids... well i started the process but el-macho employee insisted on deferring to my husband! Also, it became confusing because more than 1 employee handles the check-in so you don't really know who to turn to... Having said that -- these are minor complaints.. Check in lasted all but 15 minutes... The Sirenis is a very large complex... (Do yourself a favor and bring a carriage for any toddlers!) Our Junior Suite was clean and efficient... Yes the toilet leaked (evidently a common problem there!) but nothing a towel on the floor couldn't solve... Other than that everything worked, the shower was strong and there was always hot water... The maid service was efficient.. Clean towels everyday... Floors swept and mopped... We waited three days before giving our maid a tip for the week... So we can't say that the tip was a factor. When we arrived the mini-fridge was not working right away -- something to do with the electricity having been off in the room for too long...we really needed it though due to antibiotics needing to be chilled... overnight it was up and running! The AC worked splendidly... Two units one in the bedroom and one in the living area.. The Satellite TV worked well.. Disney and Boomerang for kids... CNN et al for adults. Our building was the farthest away from all, closest to the beach. There are paths that lead to the main activities areas and covered pathways for long walks back to the reception main area. The pool (s) were very nice.. accessible for all ages... Cleaned every morning... Didn't see many filters for that size a pool but... The smim-up bars had everything.... Obviously tipping helps you get faster service... even a smile... The food was excellent.. Much better than: Crown Paradise Club, Puerto Vallarta + Villa del PalMar, PV unfortunately not very kid friendly! Hamburgers and hotdogs at lunch and for snack but not at supper (def no chicken strips...) Having said that there was a pasta bar nightly, as well as french fries on a daily basis.. Long line ups because there are not enough employees stationing the egg and pasta bars. But hey, you are on vacation... The staff in the restaurants were always friendly and understanding towards parents and kids... The desserts were great and the breads --- oh the breads were lovely! We did not try any of the restaurants and it is true that supper is not served until 7:00pm... But it is buffet so you can get a plate of food within 5 minutes. We did not catch any shows (too late) but those of you with kids just know that you will be just as exhausted after a day by the pool and beach to crash by 8:30pm!! The beach was stupendous!!!! Gorgeous, clean, soft sand! Turquoise water! Bring your own beach stuff however (they do not have any boogie boards and limited pails and shovels!) There was ALWAYS lounge chairs whether at the beach or by the pool.. There was ALWAYS beach towels except maby if you were showing up at 4:00pm since they do not take out any new ones (hut closes at 5:00pm) We don't know if we were lucky with the week that we chose but this is what we saw: constant gardening, grounds maintenance, major painting (sanding and varnishing of suite door frames for goodness sakes!), new chairs and tables for the verandas (replacing plastic ones), coconut picking.... you get the idea! Whatever happened back in the fall regarding the grounds, it is obvious that they just planted new grass ,new trees, new hibiscus, you name it! If I were to complain about anything -- it would not be against the hotel per say...( I am torn between rating it 3.5 or 4 stars... ) I do have to say that although they claim to cater to families with kids, the kids center was way way too far away!!! My complaint would be against bad tourist manners.. People butting into the buffet line because they just want salad (unfortunately the whole line starts there!) The pool could remain cleaner if: we ALL picked up our glasses from the edge of the pool and put them in the garbage or up somewhere else instead of allowing them to be kicked over and spilled into the pool water (hmmm, not very appealing sludge on top of the water surface by the end of the day...). Also, there is a product available internationally called swimmies.. These are diapers for the water! There were quite a few families that would keep their kids in diapers UNTIL getting into the pool and then removing them for the kids' swim... not cool... And my favourite anectode of the whole trip... There is a photographer that walks the grounds with various pets for picture taking.. Most popular is the little monkey... Well one tourist (will not mention nationality!!!!!) took the monkey in her hands for the picture... Well the monkey decided to, shall we say, make his monkey business at that exact moment.. So what does she do????? She dumps it in the shallow pool (yes, where all the kids are frollicking and the adults are taning) and then washes her hands! She then returned to her lounge chair to continue to lovely sun tanning! Needless to say, we were all mortified!!! How can you blame a hotel for uncleanliness when you have tourists who think that because they sat on a plane for 20 hours that they have the right to do whatever they want? If it wasn't for this limited number of incidents then we would have nothing to complain about! We like to travel to different destinations so I do not know whether we would return to this hotel per se... But all in all it was a very enjoyable week! We definetely got what we paid for in a positive way... We also got to relax, whereas at the Crown Paradis in PV there is no place for parents to sit (never mind lie down) around the Disney themed kiddie pool...  
<Date>Feb 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>VisitingtheWorld
<Content>Not impressed I have travelled the world, been to Egypt and found better. Went to the Sirenis for a wedding, a total of 36 disappointed people. It was a disaster; they wanted to split half the people and send them to another hotel. Hum....it's a wedding!! We're a gang! Just to give you an idea: 4 children and 2 parents...they got a room with 1 king size bed. Getting 2 folding beds for 2 children in each took hours. One couple got their room at 10:30pm, we got there at 4pm I would like to mention. The couple to wed got a horrible room with a broken bathroom, oh, and their nanny was suppose to be the next room over and was placed 10min walk away in another complex on the other side.As for my room, it was ok. Not overly clean, and my back has been out for the entire stay. The cleaning lady decided she liked my new flipflops...kindly placed them under the bed - in the middle of the under-bed, nicely placed. I couldn't find them for 2 days and then I got the brilliant idea to look there- I guess her plan didn't work. Beware - look everywhere before you leave.Overall, it is my first time that I wanted to get home. The buffet was impressing the first night by it's variety...only to be the same buffet every night. I read beforehand that the reservations are a joke, and indeed, we we're only able to eat twice in the restaurants. I suggest you go to the Mexican one, as for the steakhouse, I had a lovely huge white worm in my single piece of broccoli. Needless to say, I lost my appetite for a few days. The bread, you can trust. To be nice, the cook master felt real bad and offered my something else. I drank baileys coffee.Now for those of you not quite getting the picture, it's ok but by far not somehwere you will remember. Luckily, the beach is nice and the sun shinning. Tuns of chairs - no rush until 10am. Staff that are women are nice, unfortunately I was very disappointed in the overall politeness and attendance of the remainder of the staff. Perhaps one needs children with them. As for activities, nothing happening except for aerobics. Night show is good the first night- a few nights were left to be left alone and go to bed.I have much more disappointments to share but I will leave future travellers a bit of hope if it's too late to cancel. As for I, 23 yrs old looking for a nice time, good food and overall relaxed feeling - I didn't find it there and will never go back. Of 36 people, no one was happy. For all that it's worth, I especially suggest you do not go there to be married. French or english my [--], they were wed in spanish and didn't understand a thing. People from the beach had no respect and overwhelmed our privacy.For sure, a 3 star in mexico beats this event.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2007
<Rating>1	2	2	4	3	3	2	3	

<Author>jass184
<Content>Fantastic Holiday             pics  
<Date>Feb 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>oleeb
<Content>Two weeks too long!!!! I have just returned from a two week stay in the Sirenis Suites with my husband, 18 month old daughter and mum and feel quite misled by what this hotel seems to advertise itself as and what it actually is.I, as have many others have stayed in many hotels all over the world and have never felt as let down by the quality of accommodation as i did here.This was the first holiday we have taken our daughter on and so wanted to be quite specific with what we chose - The mini market it has sells only chocolate, crisps, post cards, soap, one size of nappies (we made friends with a lady that had to buy some off another holiday maker as the nappies did not fit her son), no milk (essential for a toddler) the milk in the restaurant was very odd in colour and constantly refused by our daughter, basically this is not a mini market, it just sells odd and ends.The food is good but the evening meal starts at 1900, just when most babies want to be in bed, and due to all the sauces everything was in our toddler didn't want to eat any of it (she is not a fussy eater) - we spoke to English and Canadians couples with children the same age as ours who were experiencing exactly the same problems. So every evening there were grumpy, crying children in the restaurant. The alternative would be to go to the snack bar but this just served chips and burgers swimming in fat.The bedroom in the suite was ok, the living space was small and unwelcoming, the bathroom had light fittings hanging out, visible hair in the plugs and stains along the shower rail, the room had a musty smell probably due to the mould on the settee.The staff in the hotel were nice and excellent with the children but the kids clubs although not attended by our daughter were all spanish or french speaking.The thomas cook rep we had was TERRIBLE, uninformative, unhelpful and totally useless. quote if you need the medical centre i will tell you what to do as and when .....what if as and when is 3am and she is tucked up in bed?????The airport at punta cana is a joke, we were charged for 4 kgs excess baggage although we had no hand luggage, were roughly handled through security (my daughter being lifted out of my arms without my consent) and were very relieved when we were eventually on the plane home.On the positive side, the grounds were amazingly kept and a credit to the place, the beach was nice and the sun shone!!This resort should be 3 star - recommended for children over 5 years. Don't go here with any expectations and you could enjoy it.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	3	2	3	3	3	

<Author>chalicec
<Content>It's not as bad as the reviews, I actually liked it :) Having read some rather contradictory reviews about this resort, I almost cancelled it before my travel and having stayed there for two weeks with my boyfriend I feel compellted to give my review.Firstly, I would consider myself well travelled and I have fairly high standards of living myself. I have stayed all over the world in a variety of accommodation that rates from 5 Star Duluxe to 1 Star so I consider myself able to gauge a good 4 / 5 star hotel.My overall verdict on this hotel is that it is competitively priced and as always, you get what you pay for. I didnt pay as much to stay here as I have paid to stay in other 4/5 star resorts in the Dominican and therefore I have to say that I feel this resort offers good value for money. This resort is vast and therefore it is really buzzy and it is full of atmospher. So again I feel that what it lacks in luxury (as you will see within my review is one of my disappointments) it gains in atmospher.If you are on a budget and you want 4 / 5 star facilities such as a a spa, tennis courts and several restaurants, small casino, you are going in a group of families, or have a family that you need to keep entertained this place would be great because it is large enough and impersonal enough for you to kind of get lost in it and do your own thing . But, if you are going for a couples holiday where you want a bit of peace and quiet and a touch of luxury, well above average food and want to stay in a cosmopolitan resort frequented by a variety of nationalities, not just English, don't go here, unless as I have said you are on a budget and just want a break in the Carribean.So what's good and what's bad and should you go there?What is particularly good about this resort is that there is a lot to do, it's spread out, the beach is absolutely lovely and it's right on the beach!!! the casino is small but there is one, the night entertainment is limited but the team that put on the shows do so spectacularly, there is a disco again it is small but there is a disco, there is a gym which is sufficient, there is a golf and shooting area (which is tiny) but it is there, there is a good games room and they have a good daily entertainement programme so the place is a buzz and there is always something to do. The water sports on the beach are extensive and run most days. The excursions and trips are well organised. There are several restaurants (all of which I found very very average and stuck to the buffet after being disappointed by 4 and having heard similar stories about the remainder) and tired of cueing to book the restaurants, the drinks are good, I didnt get ill on the food once, there was always ample choice in the buffet, breakfast is great and the staff are really really friendly and nice and all speak English. As there are so many people there it is easy to meet people, it is relaxed with no dress code and absolutely no pretentiousness. I found the crowd mostly English with a handful of Europeans and Canadian.The rooms were very very clean and towels were changed daily and the pools and resort were super clean.So what didnt I like about it?The rooms are very very tired. We stayed in the Tropical Suites which I gather are newer and bigger but it was a very small suite and there was not a touch of 4 / 5 star luxury. It was very clean but tired and I would struggle to give the rooms 3 stars.The lounge area which is just off the reception area is huge and harshly lit and in the evening this is the only area for relaxation.Had I have been there with my family I probably would have loved it but it was busy, loud and there were insufficient seats for the number of people (although I was there over Christmas and New Year when apparently it is busiest) still I found the lack of variety a bit bland.The local and champagne is really horrible and otherwise expensive, so pack some of your own or pay incredibly over priced local rates for imported wines.There are not enough sun loungers to accommodate the number of guests and we often had to lay on the beach on a towel or go out at FIVE AM to bag a bed, which I would not expect at a 4 star resort.This resort operates a system whereby you have to book the speciality (non buffet) restaurants one at a time and only oneper day. This meant that at any one time there were often cues of upto 25 people trying to book a table for a restaurant which often took upto 45 mins to make a booking and in my opinion not the kind of set up you would expect in a 4 / 5 star resort and not something I enjoyed doing on the 4 days that I decided to book. Despite all of the above, if I wanted to go on a cheap Carribean break again and didnt have the money to stay at Secrets, Sunscape the Beach, The Grand Ventanta I would go back here because overall it is above average. However this time around I would know what to expect and as a result my expecations of the luxury associated with a good 4 star (like the Gran Ventana which I have stayed at and Secrets) would not be so high.If you would like to ask me a specific question feel free.Meanwhile if you have booked, no matter what you like or dislike, the beach, the fresh air, the sun and sea is consistant and I can guarantee, this much you will love :).  
<Date>Jan 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	3	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>gymguy
<Content>Boring People Get Bored       pics  
<Date>Jan 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	1	4	3	

<Author>lovesholidays
<Content>fantastic family holiday we are a family of 5 we have a 3 year old girl and 2 boys aged 9 and 11. my partner is a chef.we have never been all inclusive before so we didnt know what to expect.the drive from the airport is long but lots of things to look at...very poor country!we got checked in very quicky at the hotel and our bags were taken to our rooms for us (hint to take loads of dollar bills for tipping)the grounds and hotel and room all lovely, the 5 of us fitted in one suite no probs at all, got clean towels and maid service everyday!the staff are soooo friendly, there werent many kids when we were there and our 3 got fussed over whicj they loved!the food in the buffet was fantastic we ate at the steak house once and whilst it was good, there was more choice for the ages of the kids at the buffet, even my partner loved the food and belive me he is a picky chef!!!!!the beach was fantstic we spend most of our holiday in there!we actually came back relaxed from this holiday, hich if anyone reading this has kids will know is not always possible with 3 kids!we are now svaing to go back here again as loved it sooooo muchenjoy! u wont be dissapointed folks!  
<Date>Jan 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tripgonebad
<Content>low class 3 star Look out for Sirenis tropical, I have never seen such a dirty 5 star low classed resort. The fountains by the main building were flooded always and looked like a swamp, the railings along the buffet retaurants were broken and rotten, the metal railings on the stair cases to the rooms were also all rotten. The room was dirty with dead bugs all over the walls, broken equipement in the room, light bulbs that were broken and left in the socket to rust, rust and mold all around the bathtub and doors. The maid never replaced towels unless we called the front desk time after time. Upon arrival we had no bedding for the two kids single cots. The door leading into our room was broken and was difficult to open.The restaurants were ok if you like fast food and didn't mind eating the samething day after day. The reservation booth was a joke, no resevations in advance,but a man before me on the Thursday before leaving was reserving a spot for Monday, Imagine!The seating at the beach was horrilble, we litterly had to rise at 6am to reserve loungers for the day with two kids.This was the first trip we have taken with our kids and I was so disapointed for them, for this was no where near the ressorts we have stayed in the past.MOON PALACE IN CANCUNIBEROSTAR IN PUNTA CANABEACHES IN VARADERORIU JALISICO IN MEXICOBEACHES IN TURKS  CAICOSNow these are 5 star resorts with class and this place was lacking a lot of class and definitly needs a lot of TLC. The weather was nice though:)  
<Date>Jan 19, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>Emi&Gina
<Content>a New year's worth remembering               More photos  
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>spmm
<Content>Average Resort       Flamingos!  
<Date>Dec 17, 2006
<Rating>3	2	2	2	3	1	3	-1	

<Author>Lew1
<Content>Boring.... This hotel is not a 5 star, more like a 3. The grounds and lobby could be a 5 star but the rooms are definately not. We had to move rooms 4 times due to faults such as Air conditioning not working, cracked windows, broken beds, holes in the bath, bathroom ceiling hanging down etc! The food is ok but gets veey repetative, especially the buffet! We managed to book the steak house and italian a few times and they were nice but the Mexican was horrible - do not eat there. Not much to do on site and the nearest shop is a 25min walk away and the size of a toilet! The shop on site is very, very overpriced so take sun lotion etc with you. The hospital is over an hour away and costs the earth so make sure you get travel insurance.Overall, it was ok but 2 weeks was too long. I would not come back here again.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	2	2	2	2	3	

<Author>xxxxxxxxxxxxx
<Content>Not a 5-star hotel - but a good 3-star standard I stayed at the Sirenis with my mother last Christmas and this is NOT a five star hotel (as Lastminute will have you believe) - it is more a 3/4 star. The rooms are nice (try get one with sea view - most don't) but the rest of the facilities are not fantastic, and certainly not 5-star. But if you get there with the understanding that the standard is 3/4 star, it's absolutely fine.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>posmike
<Content>The People Made This Place Fantastic!!       Pool Bar Fun With Friends  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>lea777666*
<Content>An excellent value hotel I feel compelled to write something on this site after my stay due to having read some very mixed reviews about this hotel.The hotel probably isn't 5 star by our standards (more like a 3.5 *) but if it had been I'm sure I would have paid at least twice the amount. The hotel is a little dated in some places but they were doing some small renovations whilst we were there (around the pool side bar and blocks of apartments).The hotel and grounds were always constantly being cleaned / attented to. Had we had some of the complaints that people had mentioned on here, we would have definately asked to be moved - but gladly no need to because our room was fine.A couple of gripes were that as it seemed to be a failrly quiet time, a few bars were closed and sometimes in the evening they had some people selling necklaces and cigars that were far too pushy to get you to buy stuff.The day entertainment was great with loads to do, evening entertainment was ok with mainly dance shows (really great dancers - especially the guys). There's a club on site but you do have to pay for drinks in there.Here are a few tips for you if you're thinking of going:- take plenty of mosquito repellant - take plenty of suncream toiletries etc - there is an on site shop but is very expensive (it cost us 拢7 for indigestion tablets).- tip staff where possible as this is a very poor country- take care when using the cash machine - there is a scam going on where you put your card in and it seems to disappear then a guy appears and point to a stuck on sign telling you, you need to key in your card number 3 times.- take care if going on quad bikes - 2 people came off on our trip and also children will try and run along side you and for money (very dangerous) - don't give children money as you will be swarmed by them and the Domincan people ask you not to as it encourages their children to become beggars- take the trip to Saona beach, safari tour and acquatic tour Finally, if you go here expecting to be able to roam around with a promenade and large shopping centre in walking distance - you will be disappointed. But great for those who don't mind staying within a complex.LeanneManchester  
<Date>Oct 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>ha_cottrell
<Content>Spectacular Sirenis - Loved Every Minute!! We have recently returned from a 2 week holiday in Sirenis Tropical Suites. After bagging ourselves a bargain 3 weeks before our holiday we weren't sure what to expect from our hotel (also, a little dubious about Caribbean weather in September). However, from the first day we got there we were not disappointed. OK... Firstly our room. WOW!!! A gorgeous bathroom, a living room we didn't even need, and an amazing bedroom, with twin double beds! Also, a balcony which unfortunately we never made full use of because everywhere else was always so tempting!The weather for the 2 weeks was perfect, and much better than we anticipated. It did rain twice but only quick showers, and this only meant that we went for lunch a little earlier and was never a hindrance to the holiday.The food was lovely, always so much choice and something for everyone. We ate in every a la carte restaurant apart from the vegetarian restaurant. The booking system did mean getting out of bed in the morning, however with a busy hotel this is understandable and never proved a real problem. The mexican, steak house and creperie were favourites, and the food and drink was never ending!! after dinner drinks became a very nice habit, including many mama juana shots after these too... The buffet restaurant was also fantastic, interactive cooking and fabulous breakfast. The numerous bars were always quick to get served at and had so much to offer. We probably could of made a lot more of the free drinks however we were always so full! The casino bar was free too so long as you were placing bets, and that always proved a very fun night.The hotel in general was always being cleaned and looked after. All the staff were friendly and helpful and the pools and gardens were some of the best we'd ever seen in a hotel. Ultimately this was an amazing holiday and fulfilled every holiday need we had. We would definately go back again and would recommend the hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>GavHall
<Content>Best Holiday With My Girlfriend       Main path and rooms  
<Date>Oct 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>frenchpol
<Content>3rd visit- stayed here, 2004, 2005  I am writing this review as I have just read a review from March 2006 from someone who lives in the same town as my family. (Southampton, England)My family stayed here in May 2004, 2005  2006 - Each year it has got better. The room was very clean on arrival and was cleaned every day and extra drinks were left in the fridge, as I have 3 children. The kids club was brilliant, Angelica was a lovely lady, who has 2 children the same age as mine!The meals were brilliant at the A La Carte Restaurants, tried all of them, steakhouse was the best, then the Italian.In the buffet restaurant there was a wide choice, something for everyone. My youngest is not keen on meat, but there was always Pasta available, always done fresh for you and you could see them cooking!Kids absolutely had a whale of time and my husband and I enjoyed the holiday more, because kids went to kids club and we could have a lovely massage and shop without the kids!Would highly recommend this Hotel, asked for more pillows and got them, asked for bath plug and got it. You need to ask for remote control when you book in - this is a must.Could not have enjoyed a better holiday, even better this year than the last two years, as we did a late booking and cost nearly half the price it cost last year!!!Needs some updating from 1st visit in 2004, but still quite tidy.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>phoskinhos
<Content>Ask for more               
<Date>Sep 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>dogmahone
<Content>great holiday We have just returned from a really good two week stay from 16th to 30th August. We were a party of six, including two over-70s and two younger teens and we all loved it. I have read mixed reviews on this hotel but I think our rep's advice was sound - remember that you are in the Caribbean and everything happens at a much slower pace than we are used to. So 5 minutes 'Dominican time' is not literally 5 minutes. Accept this before you start and you will have few problems.The Sirenis is very well designed and the grounds are beautifully maintained. Employees are constantly washing down the walkways and even clearing small twigs from the grass. There are beautiful flowers and our children loved the flamingoes and geckos.Something we really appreciated was that the hotel, the grounds and swimming pool are so large that you never had the feeling of being in a crowd and never had to queue, either in the buffet restaurants, bars or pool bars. There were plenty of sunloungers but to guarantee one in the shade you needed to get up early and reserve them with towels!!There are lots of palm trees on the beach that offer some shade though.The food was good - we preferred the buffet overall because the quality and variety was excellent. The speciality restaurants are not as good but we used the Mexican, Steakhouse and Seafood just for a change of scenery really. The buffet food is freshly prepared and replenished frequently.One of the things which we loved was the genuine friendliness and helpfulness of the staff everywhere - at the bars, the restaurants and around the hotel generally. We were served promptly, with a smile, and never had the feeling that we were passed over for regular drinkers or good tippers. The waiting staff in the buffet were fantastic.Our one criticism of the Sirenis is the shabbiness of the rooms. We had booked two junior suites for the six of us and in both we experienced faulty light bulbs, which broke again soon after fixing and, more seriously, water coming through the bathroom ceilings and flooding the floor (in both bathrooms and on our final evening our ceiling appeared to be about to collapse under the torrent of water!) This was attended to promptly but repairs were patchy to say the least. However, the rooms were cheery and spacious and we weren't in them much. We did go prepared with many one-dollar bills for tipping and we did tip regularly, but we all had the feeling that this was not a factor to the service. For instance, we never tipped at any of the bars and always had good service.I highly recommend a 20 minute walk along the beach in either direction - absolutely beautiful and even though it was high season there was hardly anyone else around.We did a few activities - the Outback Safari is extremely well organised, with a strong focus on safety, and really interesting and fun. The Bavaro Splash trip was ok but crowded. We twice went out on the quad bikes hired from the beach and this was one of the highlights of our holiday as we got to see so much.This was a really successful holiday and I would recommend this hotel for those wanting a very relaxing holiday.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2006
<Rating>4	5	2	4	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>BecH
<Content>We loved it but make your own mind up!       The beach  
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Menduco
<Content>Don't be fool by the ads I am happy for those that had a good time at Sirenis. I love to go to the Caribbean and don't really go as a critic but as a tourist to relax and enjoy. However, when bad service is interfering with your enyoyment then is a sign that there is something really bad happening....*A mice at the exit kitchen door by the pool! No comments! *Bathrooms with leaks....A few calls later and finally the plumber came to fix it. Meanwhile we enjoyed the lake Sirenis at my bathroom! *Dirty beaches and pool. I saw a few pictures took by travelers on line that will better describe what I mean. *Maid that forgets to clean your room....After a few calls and promises to send someone you realize that is too late and time to go to bed.....*I must say that something I love about Dominican is their food, in this case, the food was obviously recycled and after 4 days you really get sick as you run out of things to eat. Not to mention that its quality wasn't of the a 4 1/2 * hotel (that was the category in Canada at the time I purchased the ticket). *The staff was generally not friendly (I speak both: Spanish and English and it wasn't a lenguage problem). Finally one day we discovered that every morning employees at the restaurant are lined up and yelled by their boss before they open- (No wonder...who would like to work and be happy at that resort if they treat you like that...?)*Wake up calls that never call you.....(happened a few times as we have to get up early to book a la carte dinner- as is not enough that I have to get up early everyday to go to work....)*When you get to the front desk to book your a la carte dinner make sure you check that the restaurant you were book is the one you asked for. Frustrated from my stay at Sirenis, I decided to contact Sirenis Head Office directly. Soon enough I realized that the culture of this resort came right from the top. I was basically ignored. Now, how stupid can you be to ignore the suggestions that your customer is making that will help you improve and offer what people really want....? No Rocket Science....Eh?Don't get me wrong, I am not beig a nag, I just want you to think twice as it was very disappointing for me to pay for a 4 1/2* and receive the service of a 3*. As I said earlier, I go on vacations not to criticize the resort, but to enjoy the beach, time off, etc....but if you pay and you don't receive what is promised...wouldn't you feel impotent or ripped off? That's exactly how they made me feel. My goal with this review is to show you what potentially could happen to you. If you decide to go ahead and book, I wish you good luck! If you wish to have more information of my experience you can contact me at fernandadls@gmail.com  
<Date>Aug 8, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	2	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>Kirsmark
<Content>Lovely holiday would return Just returned from 2 lovely weeks at the Sirenis. We flew with First Choice excellent leg room and individual seatback TVs so all my 3 children liked that. The transfer was in air conditioned minibus and direct and journey took about an hour. Check in was quick and smooth. We had booked the Sirenis as it was one of the only hotels that could take 5 of us in one room. We had two double beds in the main bedroom and a sofa bed in the lounge. The room was clean and our maid looked after us really well so we tipped her as reward for this not because we had too. A picture from the children went a long way too, the following day we had swan towels and flowers on our beds. The food was really good, the buffet had superb choice and the children loved the pasta man where they could choose what pasta they had and what went in it. We tried the speciality restaurants and the booking system was improved whilst we were there and the queue took about 15 minutes. You could book for the speciality restaurants which are A La Carte everyday, one booking per day so effectively you need never eat in the buffet. The Steak House was superb. We also tried the chinese (not so good) and the pizzeria really good too.The pool was massive and so warm the kids spent most of the day in there. The beach was great too, not quite as I had imagined (pure white sand) but nice and clean, palm trees, plenty of sun beds and the sea was warm so what more do you want. You did need to be up by about 7am to get decent sunbeds with shades.The kids went to the Kids Club whilst we were there. It was on from 10-12 and 3-5. The kids loved it and really liked their play leader. I was a bit more sceptical. She seemed a bit too relaxed for me, but hey I'm a Mum. Klaudia also took them all for tea in the buffet one night which gave us a nice meal on our own.Before going I was a bit worried after reading some of the reports on here, and if you wanted to be picky you could find things to moan about. Towels on sunbeds, birds do come in the restaurants sometimes and the restaurants are also really hot but you are in the middle of the Caribbean and the setting is beautiful so relax and enjoy it.We feel really chilled and recharged after two fantastic weeks.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>rcharlie
<Content>Wanna go back Now It was my first experience in an all inclusive trip. I just loved it. Wonderful personal. Above all was Jansen (ANIMATION SUPER!). I loved the Karaoke evening. Loved the disco and dances. The weather was excellent in July (Back here is too hot). My wife and I enjoyed our stay. Will come back again for longer (15 days). People from all over the world were very nice. The Dominicans are so friendly. Hard working animation team. GREAT VACATION!  
<Date>Aug 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	3	5	3	

<Author>FOODPOISONED
<Content>Casino Royale Fancy a little ching ching, whilst enjoying the hot summer days in the carribean?Well ask yourself a few things first... Do you like sweating so much you can actually see the dirt emerge from your skin?Do you like being robbed blind?If so... Come to Sirenis Beach hotel .... In summary i went to the casino with my girlfriend about 5times during our two week stay, every time we went in their i was greeted by the casino manager, when i say greeted he gave me a look like i was satan himself. then he would stand over my shoulder like a vulture whilst i played a few hands of black jack. if i was ever lucky enough to win a hand, as there is definately some serious questions around dealer integrity... You have to watch the dealers with every movement as not only will they avoid paying you, they will try and take your original bets!!!However.... forgetting that, and the BUTLINS style entertainment, which unless you are single male female in a group looking to get your end away, its not very interesting or fun.Then theirs the hookers just outside, the hotel... GREAT!!!So if hubby dis  
<Date>Jul 21, 2006
<Rating>1	3	2	2	2	2	2	2	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely holiday experience! We stayed in the Tropical Suites from June 26 to July 10. A terrific experience from which we all - my husband, me and our 15 year old son - have returned refreshed and relaxed as well as determined to go back! The four star rating is accurate, rooms a little tired but that's down to the abuse of former guests. Overall the property is excellently maintained, with beautiful tropical gardens, friendly staff, good standards of cleanliness. The food was absolutely superb! Of the 8 speciality restaurants we ate in the Chinese, the Italian, the Mexican and the Steakhouse (twice) as well as the Gourmet. Tips expected in each of these! My companions were happy to return to the buffet which offered superb choice and convenience.Pool area is lovely but the beach is the best! I read previous reviews which influenced my view of the swim-up bars and the use of the bathrooms so I spent very little time in that vicinity... not a problem for the hotel but certainly raises questions about the habits and standards of the guests! We didn't really bother with the activities, the shows were good especially those which were non-dance.I would highly recommend this complex as excellent value for money and a relaxing Caribbean experience, to be repeated as often as your budget allows. Just be aware that this is the rainy season and the humidity levels are very high.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>14 days better spent somewhere else!!! punt cana:sireinis tropical suites South of dominican....On Arrival at this hotel their was a reasonable welcome and we were happy enough with the two double rooms provided.One for myself and my wife and the other for our two boys aged 11 and 15 years.Having arrived midday going to bed was out of the question and a trip to the bar seemed a good idea,It was at this early stage in our holiday we realised something was wrong.Although the bar staff were not very busy they continued to ignore our presence,Avoiding any eye contact.After 10 minutes and feeling like scroungers we were served eventually.I soon came to understand although i booked fully inclusive,The only way to get service was to give tips or face long delays at the bar.The same problem was found with room service who are so well rehearsed in their pursuit of U.S Dollars.If you dont tip you can expect your room to detereate.The Complementry bar which was supposed to be restocked daily,At the end of our first week was infact restocked with two small waters and beds not touched.Needless to say i left a tip next morning, All room service restored to normal.As it goes i do like to give a tip to oeople for good service But do not like to be forced to do so.Their is a very real problem within this hotel and this Must rest firmly with the management for allowing this situation to continue unchecked,It must be said all of us had a reasonable good holiday between 6am and 6pm.Unfortunatley the only thing to do after dinner was sit around the reception area with no entertaiment and stare at all the other guests bored out of their minds.There is a theatre show between 10pm and 11pm.I think they miss the point of a holiday here.Ilike a drink,some music and a dance always adds to a good finish to an evening.In short i like to have a good time,Not watch others doing so while getting paid.PLEASE if you consider nothing else important within this review,Be aware this is not suitable for families with children.Bars shut at midnight Leaving a Casino open obviously a place to part with those U.S Dollars or a disco which is also not inclusive. Ideal for young couples and honeymooners. just feel very cheated and very much like we were in a consentration camp..l  
<Date>Jul 4, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Shawson5939
<Content>Nice Vacation - June 24 to Jul 1 - Toronto Canada Just got back from a 1 week vacation with my wife and 15 yr old son. We had a very good vacation. I think that the negative comments are from people that are overly picky and not willing to work with people.  The bus trip is an hour long with 1 stop at Sunscape the beach. It is on rural roads with a lot of bumps and turns. Not really that bad. You can see the new highway being built and I am sure it will cut 20 min off the trip in the future. It will also open the area for a lot more hotels. I find that if you attempt to use even a little bit of spanish with the staff, it goes an incredably long way . They warm right up and become very friendly and attntive to your needs. We always received good service this way and often would slip them a dollar at the end of the meal or when leaving the bar. I never found that they were looking for tips, but they sure appreciated them. The next time they saw us they would fall all over us. Often I did not tip as I was by the pool with out any money. It did not matter , and I always got good service. The food was great at the main buffet for breakfast and dinner. Lots of variety and always hot and or clod as required. We ate lunch always by a restaurant by the pool. Also great variety for salads and pizza. We ate at the Mexican, Steak House and Italian. All great meals and woth the wait to line up 3 times for reservations. I wish they would let you book more than one reservation at a time so you did not have to go back. We did the reservations right at 8:00am while my son was sleeping in. Usually a 15 to 20 minute ordeal. The property is kept very clean and manicured. The pool is very deep and about the same temperature as the ocean. We never used the towls at all as it was always warm ( 32 C) and we dried off all the time. We had no problem to set up loungers in the shade at the beach as long as you were there by 9:00am. The beach is great for swimming and snorkelling. The clean it up( sea weed, cups, debris etc) every morning by 7:00am. The roped in swimming area is very large and gets about 5 ft deep about 100 ft out from shore. There is an old reef about 50 ft beyond the swimming area . It was great for snorkelling. We took buns and bananas out to feed the fish. There were hundreds of fish all around us and a lot of variety. We had geen flag 5 days and yellow for the last 2 days. The clientele was approx 60% British, 25% French , 5% German and the rest was Canadian and Dominicans. There was a lot of topless bathing at the beach and even around the pool area. We went to 2 shows ( Michael Jackson and Grease) they start at 10:00pm. They were fine to see and the kids did a pretty good job of dancing and lip-sincing. The animation staff did a good job at the beach with dance lessons, spanish lessons, volleyball, aerobics etc. We used the Sports bar out in front of the main receptio area a number of times. We shot pool, playe ping pong and played fooseball. We only window shopped at the stores on the hotel property as we were not interested in souveniers. My wife waled along the beach about 20 minutes to Sunscape the beach. She felt safe , as there were always a number of guests walking along the route. I walked as far each way on the beach to where the vendors have there stalls set up. They come down to the water to try and get you to come up and look at there merchandise. A firm no is all it takes and they back off. I would go back again as it was very good value for the $$ we spent. I would rate it a a four star . It was not as lush and glitzy as a five star. They also had no shrimp or lobster at the meals , like a five star usually has. That is OK for us , as my wife and son do not eat much seafood anyways.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Fireworks2015
<Content>Great experience, to be repeated as soon as possible To start with the overall conclusion, our stay was excellent and surpassed all of our great expectations. We had a wonderful week of holidays early in June and reading many of the criticisms, we can only infer that staying there during low season avoids many of problems that may exists at other times. Still, we are more than amused reading about problems with being understood and about politeness. We cannot conceive that the skills and the attitude of the staff changes with the season. Therefore the view on politeness and language skills must depend strongly on your origin. And from a German view at least, there was no reason for complaints whatsoever.Having read that it would be hard to be understood by the staff, we had our Spanish language guides with us and were stopped much too often by German replies when our (nondisptutable) accent was recognised. We would have never ventured to expect such an open attitude of the hotel staff to foreign languages (also French, English) in the Dominican Republic, especially as hardly any North American hotel would have to idea to serve their customers other than in the staff's mother tongue.We read in French and German guide books that the people in the Dominican Republic are among of the most kind persons that you can imagine. And we noticed that this statement applies to the hotel staff. We gave tips only for the key services and saw that people were happy to receive, but the quality of services did not really depend on them. We noticed that any effort in having an open level of communication (including some Spanisch words) was answered by friendly smiles.An important help is indeed to book a safe (for 2$/night), as the windows do not close too safely. This reduces any risk of loss and gives a better feeling. The staff is searched when leaving the grounds, so there are no doubts about their correctness. For water sports, it is very helpful to use the general damage insurance (20$/week). Apart from this contribution, the unmotored water sports are free of charge. If in doubt, please contact the head of the water sports group (the captain) who is very helpful. And my personal favorite: test the tennis lessons (to be paid): their value is outstanding!If we began to describe the attraction of the food, we were risk not to stop the description.Sure it was rather Mediterranean style than American, but it was hard to miss a meal because the variation of each day was so exciting. Recommendation: Try the fruit (passion fruit, mango, melon, ...), vegetable salads and above all the rice dishes!The hotel is very much suited for a relaxed holiday, especially if you are a family with children. For us, it is sure we shall return as soon as possible!  
<Date>Jul 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Sally9
<Content>14 Nights in the open prison On the outset the hotel is lovely, immactulately kept, impressive lobby and good standard of rooms (if not a bit tired looking) and a mini bar which was stocked every day, but thats about all that is good about this hotel. I have never had such poor service from a hotel, the staff, particularly the bar staff are rude and arrogant. It takes forever to get served and when you do, don't expect a 'hola', expect a 'what' they will then proceed to literally throw the drink at you, basically they are after tips, if you don't tip, then they don't want to know, they will then refuse to serve you again. Tips apparently are included in the price of the hotel,. but don't be fooled, they are hungry for the tips, but don't want to work for it. You are not treated like a guest and not made to feel like you are on holiday. There is absolutely no atmosphere in the hotel and the animation team do very little to encourage you. All you see after dinner in the bar area near the lobby are a lot of desperately bored people who tend to go to bed early as there is nothing to do. Leaving the complex isn't advisable, when you do the first thing you hit is a brothel then a 'plaza' of shops which are a complete an utter rip off. My advice is don't walk there alone, take a taxi and make him wait for you while you shop and also take your jewellery off. There is a sign saying do not walk beyond the shopping plaza also, take this advice. Other than that there is absolutely nothing else around, the hotel is in the middle of nowhere. Inside the open prison, there are about 7 speciality restaurants, which I can say are very good, the food is to a good standard, you do have to queue each day to book these, which really bugged some people but we were lucky and managed to get in most times. The pool area is also excellent and kept very clean, but get up about 7am and put your towels out as beds will be taken. I have never been on holiday before and wanted to go home, but I did here. Whenever someone was going home guests were all jealous as they were desperate to go home. Unfortuantely we had bad weather the second week and there was literally nothing to do, no entertainment etc. Overall complaints were being put in by people about the hotel, facilities and rude staff, but the management did not seem to care. This hotel is in no way a 5 star hotel, it looks like one, but there is not care or attention to deal or anyone going out of their way to ensure you had a fantastic holiday. If you are venturing to this hotel, I can only hope that complaint forms and formal letters of complaint when returning to the UK do some good and guests have a much better time. families of the staff were also invited to stay at the hotel during our stay and caused complete chaos, apparently this is a common thing at weekends. They basically get preferential treatment over everyone staying and take the pool area etc over. Its also worth knowing a bit of Spanish to stay at this hotel as a lot of the day restaurant staff don't speak English, its also really useful in shops too as they will literally try and rob you blind on ridiculous prices for gifts and doing it in Spanish seemed to be appreciated. All in all I was disappointed with my stay, we, like so many others paid a lot of money to go to this hotel and I feel cheated and annoyed at paying so much. 7 nights would have been bearable but we were there for 14 nights and it really started to get to us after a while. I hope other guests have a better time than we did.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>second visit for myself and my partner loved it everything was bril our second visit in may 2005 two weeks this time . previous visit april 2004 for one week not long enough so planned our return visit .Food excellent , Staff very helpful and friendly. accommodation very good.one of our best holidays every thing was what you imagine of the Caribbean  
<Date>Jun 20, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What an introduction to the Long Haul flying What an introduction to Long Haul flying. The flight was awful. Will never fly Monarch again. Cramped, no entertainment for the children, 7 in total, apart from a few crayons when we boarded, the party of 29 that I was with were split up through out the plane and I was split up from my partner and children.The airport was lovely and we passed through immigration very quickly(had already bought our visas from the Dominican Embassy before we flew). Ok so we had an hours drive to the hotel but what a view as we approached the hotel. Thatched roofs, ducks, geese and peacocks around ponds. Beautiful.Quick check in. Surprised at that with it being such a large party. Rooms were lovely. We all had suites as some of us had kids and the extra room was needed. Chambermaid service was excellent, towels made into swans and flowers put in the bathroom and on the beds. The laundry service was also excellent coming back after a few hours although they do state 48 hours.Food was lovely with plenty of choice, and beautifully presented. Went to the Italian restaurant and to the steak house(which is where my partner and I had our wedding reception) the food in both restaurants was superb.The girls loved watching the geckos running up and down the covered walkways to the rooms or on the palm trees- kept them amused for ages. The girls also went into the kids club a few times which they loved.Our wedding day was special, with things running smoothly, this was the first large wedding party that they had done! The flowers were beautiful and the gazebo was wonderfully decorated with balloons and palm leaves. Our wedding night was in one of the larger suites and gosh what a room. Windows around the majority of the room with a sunken jacuzzi and very large bed. The view was amazing!!! All the staff were friendly and got to know your face pretty quickly. The drinks were amazing although they don't do english measures for spirits. The pool bar is a must,try the cocktail list there, some wonderful concoctions.Took the children to the shows in the evening which was there highlight of the day-took them back for a siesta in the afternoon as the shows start at 10.00pm. The show at the pool was amazing with the dancers dancing in the water and on rafts.Went to the nightclub a few times, although the drinks do have to be bought there. The music is mainly spanish with a spattering of english songs. A good night was had by all.would definately recommend this hotel for the friendly staff, location and for the feel of safety for the kids. Madly saving to go again next year.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>excellent hotel and value       beach view  
<Date>Jun 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>fantastic hotel Everthing about this hotel was perfect, The entertainment was outstanding and varied day to day. The staff where very helpfull. We were in room o-101. it was lovely the maid kept our room spotless throughout our stay. we tipped $2.00 a day and got a fridge full of drinks and flowers on our beds. I would try to avoid walking off the complex as it is uncomfortable when the locals come up to you with there children begging.I would definatly return to this hotel.Laura (Travelagent)  
<Date>May 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sawlogger
<Content>Don't make a collect call, whatever you do. Whatever you do, do not use the phone in the room to make a collect call to Canada. I went by the instructions on the desk using the international code and for 2 calls of 12 minutes and 13 minutes it cost $140.00 on myphone bill. I was shocked. Bell could do little for me. I would think the property would try to do the best for its guests. This was the only part of the trip I did not like. What a spoiler! Highway robbery.  
<Date>May 8, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not a 5 Star I read all reviews before going so I was aware of the pro's and cons. I left Montreal at 9:00AM and we only arrived at 5:00PM........so if possible book a late nite flight so that you don't lose a day. On the way back they picked us up again at 9:00 and I never got home till 7:00PM..........two wasted days out of 7Resort was definitely not a 5 starmore like a 2.5 star. The only food I truly liked was at the specialty resturaunts. Trying to get into them is two differnt things. Monday morning I went to reserve for steakhouse and was told it was booked until Thursday. I could not get reservations anywhere until Tuesday nite at the pizzeria.........both of these resturaunts were excellent.Rooms: Air conditioning was not working and I called 3 times to have it repaired finally on the 4th try I went to front desk and they finally repaired it. Maid service if you tip I left $2 U.S everyday and she made sure there were clean towels (no face cloths) bring your own and flowers in a little class in washroom with a little thank you note each day.I was also told that the Tropical was an adult resort and the sister property Cocotol a family resort. This was not true since the Tropical was infested with children.I loved the beach - all sandy bottom, no pebbles and you could actually see the bottom and the salt floating in the water. I paid $1500 for a week and found that there were pepople who paid anywhere from $900 to $1100 but I purchased this through Sears Travel and think I could have gotten a better deal.Is it worth the money NO,,,,,,,,,go to Riviera Maya (Iberostar) that is definitely a 5 STARIf you have any questions and would like responses to your questions regarding this resort please email me at bonnie_knox@bellnet.ca  
<Date>Apr 26, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>fab holiday i dont work for sirenis and i think it unfair for people to say that only good reveiws come from workers. i went to my friends wedding there and can say it was done to the highest standards. the food was great always a great selection even for my fussy husband! the rooms were lovely and cleaned everyday even when not dirty. the whole place was spotless and the staff were great. can highly recommend the spa the treatments ara carried out to a professional quality. in all a fantastic holiday venue plenty to do for all ages!!  
<Date>Apr 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good resort We had a plesan tstay over the Easter holidays. The site is very clean. We see people all the timeworking to keep the grounds clean. The rooms were very clean and comfortable. We had a suite over the Tropical area. My children went to the kids club and enjoyed themselves. The animation team were also fun. The only downside was the food. The food was good but not excellent. The children loved the pasta bar at the main buffet. At the restaurant a la carte we were rushed and limited choices. Overall we had a pleasant time and great for families. Good quality for the price paid.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fab rooms, slightly dodgy weather My husband and I stayed at the Sirenis Tropical Suites in November 2003. The highlight for us was definitley the room, it was very good quality and the mini-bar was restocked every day with water and soft drinks (free of charge), there was a huge bathroom, two queen size double beds, a big balcony and seperate lounge. Our cleaner was wonderful and spread fresh flowers on our bed every day. The selection of drinks and cocktails were great, although at the time of year we visited not all the bars were open. The food in the buffett restaraunts was good, however we did prefer the a la carte restaurants which you have to queue up to book a day/two days in advance (to be honest though this never took more than 20 mins out of the day). The best of the a la carte restaurants was definitely the mediterranean, with some fantastic sea food. Unlike other 'all inclusive' resorts we've been to, everything really was included and we spent less than 拢60 in the whole two weeks! The grounds and the setting of the hotel were beautiful and we were surrounded by fresh flowers, fish and birds in some spectaular gardens. The pools are great too, with a fab swim up bar. We found all of the staff to be polite, friendly and courteous. All in all we had a great holiday, although the weather at this time of year let us down a little and we had a few downpours of rain.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a great time! A trip to remember! My boyfriend and I just returned from the Dominican Republic early this morning. We stayed for one week (April 6 - 13) at the Sirenis Tropical Suites and had a great time, despite the horribly cramped plane ride from Vancouver to the Domincan, and then the bumpy and long ride to the hotel. Nevertheless, once we arrived at Sirenis we were greeted with a refreshingly delicious drink and the staff had all of our information and room keys prepared for us. Although we had asked for a room on the top floor, they gave us a ground level suite which didn't really matter in the end - stumbling up stairs when your sloshed isn't exactly safe after all!Here is what you need to know before travelling to Sirenis/the Dominican:- The Sirenis Tropical/Cocotal is located on the same site. A majority of the time the Tropical front desk is empty (located on the left once you enter) while the Cocotal front desk (located on the right) is packed full of people. If you are staying at the Tropical Suites, make sure you go to the correct front counter otherwise you'll wait in line for no reason just to be told to ring the service bell at the Tropical front counter.- The only difference b/w Tropical/Cocotal is that in the Tropical Suites, your bedroom is seperate from the 'lounge' room, which has a small table, couch and a mini fridge. We didn't really find much use for this area, however if you like your space then this will work well for you. (Also, rooms are cleaned daily and fresh towels are provided on a regular basis.)- Bring LOTS of bug spray!!! I cannot stress this enough!!! We saw some nasty bites on some people and got quite a few ourselves - remember, you're in a tropical climate meaning a lot of mosquitos. Be prepared!- Make sure you pack all of the essentials (ie: shampoo, tooth paste, deoderant, etc.). The prices of these items are extremely over-priced.- Food was ok. After awhile, you get sick of eating at the buffets. We went to the Mexican and Steakhouse a-la-carte. The Mexican was really good, but seriously, don't even bother with the Steakhouse unless you like eating steaks at Denny's and prefer fat rather than meat on your ribs (how utterly disgusting!)- Both the beach and pools are stunning! My boyfriend and I had no problem finding places to sit. Of course all of the shaded areas are taken up quickly - when it's sunny, it gets damn hot! Early birds get the shady spots, so don't complain if you wake up at 10:30am and there are no more shaded areas!- The staff are incredibly friendly and humble. Even when they don't understand what you're saying or they can't speak proper english, they really appreciate when you try to speak spanish (eventhough its probably the worse spanish they've ever heard). They all try very hard to accomodate your needs. At the bar in the main lounge, we always kept our eyes out for Juan Carlos - he's the best! You could talk with him forever! - Don't be afraid to barter everywhere you go! You'll hear a lot of I'm cheapy cheapy or I give you low price. Everyone jacks their prices up to fool tourists into overpaying. Don't be a fool - start very low and work up. Walk away if they pressure too much.- The excursiouns are great! We definatly recommend Saona Island, Caribbean Festival and the SpeedBoats.Overall, we had an amazing time! We met so many people from all over and made a lot of friends. Only complaint about Sirenis is the nightlife. If you're a night owl like we are, the Bavaro area is the place to be, so stay somewhere there. If you wanna relax and have quiet time, go to Sirenis - the hotel is very secluded. Remember, the Dominican Republic is a 3rd world country. If you're expecting high class, you will be disappointed. Go to the Dominican with an open mind and you'll have a great time! We did and we had a blast! Sorry for the long review, but hopefully it helps paint the picture! Cheers!  
<Date>Apr 14, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>AWESOME PLACE! WOULD DEFINITELY RETURN!!!               More photos  
<Date>Apr 12, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>justenjoy!
<Content>Just Enjoy It! We stayed at this hotel for 2 weeks from 13th March. We had no problems at all, the room was clean and well looked after by Josefina our maid. A few people have commented that not everyone speaks English - ever thought of buying a Spanish phrase book??? They really appreciate it if you try. Food was good - particularly Mexican and Italian. Staff always friendly and attentative. Yes, you have to get up early to get a shady spot - but if you miss out there are plenty of palm trees where you can follow the shade. We had no issues with staff, insects, food, cleanliness. For hair-conscious ladies - please note my straighteners did not work due to the low voltage which was my only problem in two weeks!! The trip to swim with sharks was fab by the way. The weather was great, the vodka was strong, and it was snowing in England. What is there to complain about?  
<Date>Apr 8, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I Dont Work 4 This Hotel!! I Dont Work For This Hotel, And This Is The Best Holiday I Have Ever Had ,All The Staff Are Really Nice And Did Everything 2 Make You Happy And Smile. And We Thought About Staying Another Week And I Wish We Did Because I Am Missing It And The Staff Like The Entertainers N Some Bar Man. I Really WILL Try To Go Again It Was !! PERFECT !! One Thing That Was Bad About The Hotel Is You Need 2 Get Up Early 2 Get A Hut. I enjoyed My Stay And I Will Be Back.Loved the hotel Dunno about my perents though... Charlotte Coote x  
<Date>Apr 7, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely relaxing holiday I stayed in the tropical Suites with my 20 year old daughter on 20 March 2006 for 2 weeks. We had a fantastic holiday. I asked for a top floor as I know due to past experiences of staying in hot countries you are less likely to find any horrible insects in you room. I would be the first one to freak out if there was a cockroach in my room! We got what we asked for and stayed on the 2nd floor of the main building. Our room was spotless and always had clean bedding and towells each day and more towells if we asked for them and the mini fridge was topped up each day. We liked all of the food, I know some have said that they queued up for ages to book a meal in other restaurants other than the Buffet. We did and the most we ever had to queue for was about 20 minutes which was nothing. You were able to book from 8am to 10am and 4pm to 6pm. We managed to get in all of the restaurants, some twice. If when we booked the restaurants were booked out for the next day then we booked for the day after that - no problem. By the middle of our 2nd week we had booked all of our meals in different restaurants right untill the end of our holiday. We only ate in the buffet at night on 3 occasions and we enjoyed every single meal that we had. All of the restaurants were open as well, none were closed during our time there.The staff were great and I was surprised at how well their english was given some reviews that i had read saying that they only speak spanish - they are spanish speaking people so why should they speak english anyway! Given that they are in a 3rd world country they may not have had the kind of education that we can have and will most likely have to pay to learn another language and given how poorly paid they get they would not have the money to learn to speak English.I have to say that we were very impressed by the swimming pool which had 2 swim up bars. We would swim to them and get a cocktail and drink it in the shallow bit of the pool so no need to sit at the bar. It was annoying having to get up early to book a sun bed in the shade but so what, if we did then we went back to bed for another hour but would not be so ignorant as to say in bed unti 1pm like some did after booking their sun bed!The beach was lovely but we prefered to stay at the pool and the most relaxing holiday ever. I would recommend staying at this hotel but it depends on the type of person you are. If you are like my daughter and myself who were determined to have a great relaxing holiday and who appreciated that the DR is a 3rd world country then you will really enjoy staying at this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jillian22
<Content>great hotel!! excellent vacation!! "PARADISE" I was quite nervous about going to Sirenis Tropical after I read some of the reviews but I was pleasantly surprised when we arrived.We were a group of 6 adults and 2 teenaged girls- a party of eight from Nova Scotia.We flew skyservice from Halifax which was very cramped seating to say the least.If you are under 5 foot 5 it is ok but over there is no leg room.Wouldn't do skyservice again.We arrived at the hotel around 11 pm and check in went very smoothly.Yes you do have to get up early 6 am to get loungers and shade but we did this every morning and it was not a hassel for us as we only had a week and we did not want to miss any of it.The beach had a beautiful breeze all day where it was much hotter around the pools and I did not go in the swim up bar except to have my picture taken because I noticed most people did not move from their stools all day and the water seemed much warmer around the swim up bar LOL!!!The maids did the rooms very nicely each day with fresh flowers and towels in the shape of swans.We left them a tip each day as well as different lipsticks nailpolshes creams etc. They really liked getting little gifts each day.We only had 1 rainy/drizzly day and we spent the day walking on both sides of the resort buying little souvenirs at the beach huts.Most of the vendors were friendly a few were too pushy but most were alright and we soon caught on to the haggling done here.You usually pay a quarter of what they are asking and I did manage to get some genuine larimar for a fair price.Breakfast for me personally was the best meal and the omelettes were great~!!I only went to 1 a la carte- the steakhouse and it was not great but the buffets had a great selection at each meal and the pork that was carved right in front of you at diiner was fantastic.The dancers were super at the evening shows although the props were bad because we have to realize this is a third world country and they make the most of what they have.The staff work very hard and very long hours because the dancers teach dance lessons during the day or work various activities around the pool during the day and yet they can still smile while dancing on stage at 10 in the night.The people of the DR are the friendliest people I have ever met always smiling with hola to everyone they see.We had a lovely room in building L halfway between the beach and the lobby and the buffet restaurant.The Banana- mamas were great but not very potent the way I like them.They kept the bacardi and baileys under the bar but they would gladly give it to you if you asked.Just make sure you bring enough cash because I wanted to buy a gold larimar ring at the jewellery store but Ineeded extra cash.There was 1 interac machine in front of the complex down by the shops and it was out of order for our last three days there so I didnt get the ring.I thought there would be more than 1 interac machine especially with a casino. but no way and the bank was open at different times each day.But those were minor inconveniences compared to the beautiful beach pool immaculately manicured grounds and beautiful people.I too have travelled and found this resort to be PARADISE Dont listen to the negative reviews!! SOME PEOPLE CAN NOT BE PLEASED!!!  
<Date>Apr 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Bring_on_the_sand
<Content>Don't believe the harsh reviews! I just got back from the Sirenis Tropical and I have to say, before leaving I was tempted to change resorts because of the recently placed terrible reviews. I am glad I didn't change. I had the time of my life. The resort is absolutely beautiful, well maintained with tons to do. The food is good, not excellent, just good. I ate at several of the a la carte restaurants and found the Chinese one to be the best, the others were fine as well. Buffet was good with lots of selection. Drinks were great, try a La Bamba - very tasty!!The pools, beach and grounds are kept immaculate. The groundskeepers are busy working day and night keeping it clean. The people who complain about this obviously saw things I didn't! As for the rooms. They are basic, nothing special but who cares.. you are there for the sun and the sand! Everything was adaquete. I left the maid a $1 - $2 tip daily and found fresh flowers and towel decorations on my bed every day. There were no cock roaches, yes a few ants but that was because I left food out. It was my fault they were there.The entertainment staff is busy keeping you entertained. There are activities for you to participate in day or night. I can honestly say there was never a dull moment.The only reason I am not giving this resort an Excellent mark is because of the front desk service. This is one area that the hotel needs to work on. They really need people who can speak English better at the front desk. We found communicating with the consierge frustrating at times.Just remember... go with an open mind. If you are expecting top notch service and food pay the extra $500 or more and go to Secrets. Don't let the negative reviews scare you away, they are written by picky people who probably would never be happy anywhere.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just got back... BEWARE! To start out... I've been around the world... been to lots of all inclusives... so anyone who says this place is nice works for the hotel and is lying or has nothing good to compare it to.My wife and I went here on our honeymoon and we made the wrong choice. There is a review on this page that shows gross pictures of the pool and rooms... etc. This is very accurate. Our room, which was suppose to be the honeymoon suite, smelt like someone [--] in the corner. Our pillow cases stunk like sweaty head, and our roof leaked. The bed was also hard like a rock, like sleeping on the floor. And there were ants in the bathroom and once I spotted 4 cockroaches.The food was very, very bad. It all tasted the same, and you have to get up at 8:00 am to make a reservation a day in advance to go to an A la Carte resturant which was really the lunch time buffet room at the beach used as a makeshift restuarant. The constantly blew poisonous smoke around the hotel rooms for bug control and some came into our room which was dangerous. I and about a dozen other people I met got very sick from the food and I barfed about 9 times total while I was there. You'll get the [--] daily and I would advise to bring some food from home, but better yet, pick another place. They are totally under staffed and because of it there are lots of lineups. In all... this place is a joke. The beaches in Punta Cana are nice, so I'm not saying don't go there, just don't go to this resort as you will be very, very dissapointed. Anyone else who met me there will agree that this place is a joke. And if you know me, or don't know me... feel free to give me an email and I'll answer any other questions you might have about this place. But beware of this resort, it's terrible.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>First time at all inclusive - honest observation This is the first ever all inclusive hotel and caribbean hotel I've been to. First of all, though it states that this hotel is above 4 stars and they self proclaim 5 it definitely is not. By my standards (Canadian) it's is probably a 3 or 3+ at most. Think of living quarters to be like Radissons or 2 or 3 storey motels. After talking to various other guests I've gotten a few mixed reviews but here are my observations.Rooms:I got a great room. On the second floor in the K unit overlooking the beach with a balcony. I think I got this room because the day I arrived I emailed them to say it was my first time doing an all inclusive and travelling by myself and would like to have a second floor (away from ground bugs) and close to the beach. I got them both and I was quite happy. Rooms were clean with tiles but will always feel dirty as the air is usually humid so it will feel somewhat moist and sandy...so it's advised to wear a sock or indoor slippers at all times. Ammenities were adquate, large closet room, was room was clean. I think the drain in my tub was bad as water did not go down fast so everytime I showered it would pile up. Beds are a little stiff and I did tip the maid at the start, 5 bucks and she made sure I got my extra towels and water in the fridge. Bring a scented candle as the place smells musty. I had a few ants in my room so I had to rid the with my bug spray.Food:Buffet was adequate. Reminded me a of cruise buffet food...kinda like cafeteria food. I appreciate their effort to mix the food up and try to to make it seem so repetitive. Food is a little bland and if you're adventureous and not picky I think the food is adquate. Omlettes were great..but had a long line up. They tried to make every night a different theme so they did try to mix things up. Remember to bring your own bottle water for the meals as they will serve you tap water. The restaurants were good. Nothing spectacular and had enough variety if you wanted it. Not every one of them are opened everyday...each day only a few of the restaurants would be open. Some people I talked to liked the food and some don't. To each is own. Remember to wear no beach wear to dinner to the buffet or restaurant.Beach/pool:The beach was nice and clean. You had to wake up at 6am at least to reserve ur own beach chair or lounger. Place ur own room towel on a chair and put something personal to mark it. Then put a chair on top of the lounger to mark it. Though the hotel forbids this everyone does it and have not been enforced. There are not enough chairs and shady spots to go around so you are forced get up early and find a chair and an ideal spot. It sucks to have to wake up early every day just to reserve. Can never really sleep in. Beach was nice with clear water. Women liberally take their tops off. At the pool they were clean but only one pool bar which was kinda small...sits like 6 ppl or so, so you had to find an opportune time to go up and grab a drink. They held a few activities on the beach in the morning with loud speakers....sounds like those sale announcements at flea markets...which at times when ur resting and maybe sleeping..ur startled and can be a nuisance if you want peace and quiet.Activities:The hotel keeps a schedule of activities hour by hour. Some of the ammenities like tennis courts, spa and gym are quite off the premise (far from the pool and living quarters) and they are not open all the time so you have to make reservations. Like tennis is only open from 8-12 and 4-8. The shows are like high school quality productions with low budget props and performances. These shows are always before the disco opens so you're kinda left to watch these shows before you want to disco. There are no off the premise activities like pub crawls or go to town excursions as part of their routine activities. These have to be offered by your vacation provider...and most times these are not available. My rep was rarely seen and only operated at selective hours. Make sure you go to opening briefings as they do give you valuable information. Your vacation provide does offer excursions outside of the hotel. I went to Saona beach...definitely worth going to. It's a paradise beach like something you only see on tv. A littel pricey but the experience is worth it.Hotel/staff:The hotel I believe got such a high rating because of the casino. The hotel is nice but not nice enough for a 4 or 5 star. As you enter the resort premise you will see Sunscape and that resort seems much grand than this resort. Knowing spanish is definitely an asset but not a requirement. The staff will know enough to get you by. If you know french it is a benefit. I found most of the guests were from Quebec so at times seems like you're in somewhere that is colonized by French people. Remember to get your safe key the next morning. The staff is friendly and are always smiling. Almost all staff will say Hola to you as you walk by them or if they come by you. I find a smile can get you a long way. Overall hotel experience is that I would say fair. The hotel is located quite far from the airport going through poor townships and roads that seem to be unclaimed with tonnes of potholes and speedbumps. It's such a laid back atmosphere and seems like a complex of many radisson motels nestled in a garden with fountains, flamingos and little fishes. The resort is a family resort also popular for couples. Not a place for singles to go to.Overall the weather was amazing. The sun is fierce but the breeze is great. I went alone so I felt quite lonely there even with so many people there. Mainly I did not speak French and the people are quite cliquish. As a single traveller, I think a destination that allows you to wander and observe (close to the city or town) would have been beneficial. Shopping is non existent. The neighbouring shops along the beach are a nuisance. There are quite a water activities to join and participate which can keep you busy. I found the quality of food, room, ammenities and living quarters do no warrant a 4 or 5 star so don't be fooled by it. The hotel tried and I think did a good job of making their guests happy. I don't think I would come back as I do know, have seen and want to try a higher quality resort. If you're looking for a budget resort and the price of this resort is comparable...do consider it. If the price is comparable to other 5 stars...don't bother.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>balyboy
<Content>Keep some perspective               More photos  
<Date>Mar 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>very disapointed and burnt [ want shelter then get up before 5am] Just back to the land of sanity and reason. Four of us went for 1 week 13 to 20 march to a 4 star plus hotel/resort for a relaxing brake! We flew into Larma airport and was transported by bus to the east coast Sirenis hotel on roads that would frighten a goat. To add a bit of spice to the 2 hour ride there was no loo stop, how the 4 coachs did not turn into mobile spas beggers belief. At the hotel a total of 6 coachs arrived at once which turned to mayhem and after a long wait we were given a room between 4 adults. Not on your nelly. After much argueing we were given a room each in diferent blocks. At 2 am my parents were startled to find 2 yong men in there room shouting at them to leave, the front desk had double booked the room and had handed new keys out. Maybe they thought that a man and wife both 72 years old would enjoy the company? When we asked for an explaination we were met with indeferance and blank stares. They would not move mum and dad until 3 days later, nor could we even get assurances that the 2 lads did not have keys to the room. They did offer us a safty box at an additional cost to put mum and dads belongongs in? Service at the bars ment long waits as not enough staff to cover the amount of guests, there is one exception and thats your a young fit female. The 2 or 3 staff will fall over them selves. The hotel was nice enough reminding us of a large butlins that someone had moved to the caribbean. Activities were sparse but who cares when in the sun and its snowing back home. The food in the buffet was excellent but the Mexican was dog rough, we left and went to the buffet. The stake house was all right but diddnt seem worth the hassel. The complex has 2 pools a mirror of each other connecting in the middle. I particulart enjoyed the swim up bar in the pool and spent an after noon chatting to the other guests until I realized that I seemed to be the only one to get out to use the loo! No more pool for me. The beach and sea were grate with a welcomed breeze to cool you down. At night the hotel have 2 security gards on the beach, one at each side of the hotel. They both carry 12 gauge shot guns and are very nice, even accompanying me to the waters edge as I strolled at 4am. Just spoiled the moment. In case anyone is wondering what I was doing on the beach at 4am, if you want a shade on the beach there was only 5 left at that time in the morning! The rest were taken.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>West_Family_ACZ
<Content>Please think seriously before you travel to this hotel       Dirty pool  
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great beaches, good service, good value       Looking from Lobby to beach/pool  
<Date>Mar 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>brighton
<Content>dont listen to bad reviews top hotel ,friendly staff,amazing pool ,good beach,good food.dont listen to the moaners go there it is a holiday of a lifetime.i have been there 3 times and loved every second  
<Date>Mar 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wouldn't go back! If you've never travled before to a tropical resort, you may be fine staying here. However, if you have traveled and are acustomed to 4+ or 5+ resorts, you will be very disappointed with this one, as it is maybe a 3-star (at best)!We had no incidences at the airport or finding transportation to the hotel. The drivers and guides were pleasant and courteous. The woman guide on our way from the resort was very out-going and amuzed us during the trip to the airport. She spoke fluent English and Spanish.Upon our arrival we were ushered to the check-in counter. The man at the counter spoke very little English and didn't understand any questions we asked, as far as confirming our room type. He gave us a the key card and a packet which had a map on the back of it. He circled the building and told us H107 and pointed down the sidewalk. Now, keep in mind, it was dark and we were tired and we had to find our room, on our own - rather than the bellhop walking us to our room with our luggage. We managed to find the room and were disappointed immediately and went back to the front desk. We then had the same issue with being unable to communicate our problem that the room was not ocean front (although I believe they think ocean front means if the room faced East, regardless of how many building were between us and it, it was ocean front) nor was it non-smoking or a queen/king size bed. We were told to come back @ 9AM tomorrow by another man at the counter. We tried for 3 days to change rooms to no avail - honestly, they saw us coming and without even looking, told us nothing was available. We were also told nothing about the property, i.e., when the pool was open or closed, when the Restaurant opened, where to get beach towels, or about the security deposit box and how to rent one).The first night, being about 80+ degrees, we immediately realized the A/C was not working properly. We asked the maid the following day when she came to clean our room, how to work the A/C and she motioned that she could hear the fan and apparently that meant it was working. Thank goodness for the ceiling fan as that was the only way we survived in th room. We decided to let this go as it was bearable for the most part.As for the room - it was not clean, in fact, the same dead bug lying next to the entryway when we arrived was still there when we left. The air smelled of stale smoke and mildew as if it needed to be aired out and then the lack of A/C in the heat/humidity just made matters worse. The beds were like concrete slabs with cinder blocks for pillows. There were also many ants in the room - if we left a drink on the table inside or outside, it was over-run with ants within an hour, as well as walking around on the floors, chairs, etc. inside the room. On the up side, the maid was pleasant and friendly. She did make the bed with clean sheets each day, cleaned the bathroom and provided clean towels. It was just the depth of cleanliness which was lacking (bugs stuck in webs in the corners of the rooms, floors not cleaned, etc.).The beach, as advertised, was lengthy. However, once you passed the portion in front of the resort, you were approached by the locals to buy something from them which made it more annoying than it was worth -- you'd get by one and another one would approach. It was increasingly difficult to be polite, as we just wanted to walk and enjoy the sand, sun and ocean. I realize this isn't anything the resort can do something about, but it really took away from that selling point and one of the reasons why we choose the resort in the first place. It was also very unkept - the resort didn't rake the sand theentire week we were there ... there were cigarette butts all over and garbage. The resort also neglected the chairs and pads - many were brokenand the cushions (left out and blowing around) smelled of mildew and mold. We also found there were not enough huts to shelter people from the sun - which, if I'm not mistaken was specifically mentioned in the description of the resort. It was noted several places that reserving chairs was NOT allowed and therefore we did not do that the first morning after our arrival, as we have done at every other resort. That was our mistake, because by 7AM when we went to walk the beach and grab chairs - they were all gone. We then got up between 5:30AM - 6AM each day to reserve the chairs, find decent cushions (some appears to be newer than others) and a hut if possible -- otherwise, we wouldn't have anyplace to relax until late afternoon when the early risers were going back to their rooms.As for the staff itself, the waiters/waitresses just seemed to be untrained and were very limited. They had, what appeared to be waitresses, walking in the lobby where people gathered to drink/smoke prior to the restaurant opening. They carried trays and would wipe the tables where people had placed their drinks, as well as pick up empty glasses. However, these women were NOT waitresses, since they barely spoke English and certainly did not understand English. We had to go to the bar to get drinks if we wanted them. This also held true for the beach/pool. There weren't any waiters/waitresses walking around providing drinks. So, depending on where you were located, going to one of the two bars on the beach was a 3-5 minute stroll in each directions. The layout of the resort was poorly designed and too spread out.And lastly, the food. It was mediocure at best. We did only eat at the buffet. However the other people we spoke to stated the Steakhouse should be closed it was so bad and the Italian restaurant had absolutely terrible service. The choices were very limited - thank goodness for the croissants and fruit @ breakfast! It took 10 minutes on average to get our first cup of coffee and Only on one occassion did we get a refill. On a positive note they did indeed, as advertised, have top shelf liquor and the bartenders knew us by day two and we didn't even need to request our drinks. The grounds were well kept as far as the lawn, flowers and the pool was immaculate. The weather was great! All in all, if we were expecting a 3-star, our expectations would have been met, but this was listed as a 4+ star in our brochure.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>amazing!! Please ignore all the negative coments about this resort, it is like paradise. Yes it is true you do have to get out of bed early to reserve a sunbed, but it becomes part of the fun. The food in the buffet resaurants is fantastic and there is pleanty of choice. The service is first class and everywhere is kept spotlessly clean. We tipped our maid daily and she kept our room well and always kept the mini fridge well stocked. During dinner your wine glass will continuously be kept topped up by your friendly waiter. Look out for Frank in the Saona restaurant - he is a star! We never had to wait long for a drink at the bar and we were able to have what ever we asked for.The gardens are superb and all staff from the frontline customer service to the gardeners are very polite and friendly.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved the mini suite with its beautiful sea view we loved the mini suite with its panoramic sea view. Waking up and watching the sunrise over the ocean was wonderful. The beach was lovely, golden sands and clear warm blue sea with coral reefs. A huge free form pool meant you could swim without bumping into people. The whole place was kept immaculate and the food in both restaurants and buffet was great. We also liked the themed free form pools around the complex.My main complaint was that there were nowhere near enough sun loungers and many that were there were broken. I would not give the complex 5 stars but is worthy of 4. I would go again.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The worst hotel in the world... This was just a horrible, horrible, horrible resort. The food was terrible but the service was so much worse. Simply awful. My fianc茅 and I wanted to fly home after only two days there. The Sirenis hotel chain has also pulled a fast one on everyone, don't get caught like we did! They claim to have two hotels:1) Sirenis Cocotel 2) Sirenis TropicalThis is a total lie. BOTH hotels share all the same facilities but they simply have a check-in desk at each side of the hotel entrance! It is not two hotels, it is one very over crowded one! By the way - we never saw both check in desks open at the same time!The hotel is so crowded that people were setting their alarms for 4am in order to reserve a chaise lounge by the pool. One also had to stand in line for over an hour any time one wanted to reserve at the a la carte restaurants (which, when not already full, were also dreadful).The rooms are clean and fine, but they will only be cleaned if you tip your chambermaid. Another guest there neglected to do it and his room went unchanged for four days until he paid the chambermaid on my recommendation. You should only stay at this hotel if your alternative is staying in a prison. In fact, one should research the potential prison before deciding to stay at either the Sirenis Cocotel or the Sirenis Tropical hotel. The prison food will definitely be better. They claim the hotel is 5 star, I can't even begin to imagine what their 3 star or 2 star hotels are like. I assume they simply rob you and leave you for dead on your arrival. I implore you not to even consider staying at this hotel, you will certainly regret it. The hotel is dramatically understaffed and over-crowded. The food is so terrible I would rather eat a high school cafeteria. The only good thing about the resort is that eventually one gets to leave and return home.The bartenders are also mysteriously out of any of the premium (ie: non-Dominican) liquors. What a scam...they specifically claim to have international drinks - while this may be true - no one we spoke with down there had any luck getting a brand name liquor the entire week we were there....The island itself is fine. Nice beaches, great weather, etc, etc...be sure to find a decent hotel and go to the D.R. - just avoid Sirenis unless one is a complete masochist. Cheers from Canada...  
<Date>Mar 9, 2006
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>jobethbc
<Content>decent hotel       tropical side of pool looking towards the swim up bar  
<Date>Mar 3, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>They claim to be 5 Star but service and organization need improving         
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Honeymoon for seven This is a truly beautiful location. You can walk for quite a distance on the beautiful beach west. There is good snorkelling right off shore particularly at the west end of the property. Bring your own if you have them since there supply of resort snorkels is low. We found the shopping at the beach merchants to be a pleasure, a cultural experience and good deals to be had if you are patient, friendly and firm. it was our honeymoon and we took our five kids, all teenagers, and they all enjoyed themselves. Make sure that your windows and doors are firmly shut for AC to work, there are sensors located on these that prevent AC from working if they are not completely closed. The resort grounds are beautiful too. The beach chairs grab early in the morning and the dinner reservation line were not ideal but were quite manageable. We found bar service good ordering at the bar. The pools and beaches and sidewalks were spotless and constantly cleaned. We loved the breakfast buffet. The representative from TNT vacations was helpful in solving problems and bridging the language gap. There are people from all over the world at the resort and that is a plus.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Weather We were in a group of 10 people who take a winter vacation every year and have been in Jamica, Mexico,as well as other resorts in the Dominican. We had a great time at the suites and have advised others who were inquiring that this resort is very safe to go to. The grounds are well kept, the food was good and the weather could not have been better. The intent of our holiday was to relax and unwind from busy schedules and we were able to do that. Please remember you are in a third world country and services are not as they are in Canada. The Canadian people were easy to pick out as they have better manners that the europeans. I like to swim in the ocean but my wife prefers the pool, so we were able to do both as the ocean is very close to the pool area. The a la carte restaurants were above average and the buffet was also very good. Our group treated the bartenders with respect and we were granted the same in return, they like to have fun when doing their jobs. I prefer to go to different resorts but would give a thumbs up to anyone considering a vacation to this resort.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never to return Just returned from the Serinis Tropical Suites Hotel on Feb 19.Have been to other hotels in Punta Cana and this one was not up to par.Personel at the check in were disorganized (We started out with one person, who passed us off to another, who passed us off to another)and then found out our room wasn't ready, Even though we were a day late (blizzard in Boston) and the room should have been ready the day before. This service permeated all the staff, disinterested and sometimes rude.Make sure you ask for safe key and remote for television as no one at check in is inclined to inform you that neither are available unless you ask ( and make several trips down to the front desk).Food was average. A la carte restaurants not worth it. Most food was pre-prepared and came out in a flash. Don't bother to wait in the ridiculous line to make a reservation. Go Sit in the sun..........that is if you can find a beach chair. Guests go down in the very early a.m. and resrve thier beach cairs (sometimes several at a time, remove the cushions from others so some people who may be lucky enough to find a chair have no pad.again the staff should monitor this but it is a free for all. We were actually reduced to this behavoir or would have had to sit in the sand! The suite needed to be painted about a year ago, the ceiling had a huge crack in it, a light switch was missing the cover and even though we asked at the desk to have it repaired the request went onto deaf ears. Thanks that I do not have a child that may have stuck its finger in it)The beds are slabs of stone.Good luck getting a drink at the bar, randomness rules. (We tip and were still ignored so we stopped)Also the hotel is said to serve both local and international drinks. If you want a top shelf scotch or vodka or rum make sure you ask at the lobby bar. They keep it hidden ubder the bar in cabinets so we didn't know it was there! Only found out because I spied someone pouring a Dewars.Only writing because I have something to compare this experience to. My travel agent guide rated the hotel as a 4. It is not a 4, or 3. Don't go.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2006
<Rating>1	3	2	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A beautiful break from the SNOW!!!!       Our gang at the swim up bar!  
<Date>Feb 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sirenis Tropical is Paradise Typical flight from Toronto, as others described. Had rough weather to return but at least the weather was fantastic while we were there. The rooms on the Tropical side were very roomy. One bedroom separate from a sitting area. Huge wall closet. Clean and quite comfortable. The bed was fantastic. Not one sleepless night. Food was well displayed hot and served in a very clean environment. Some people had complained about the food not being hot, likley because they took forever to return to their tables to eat, because they were still trying to get more on. It was very good, never boring. We had Italian, Steak, Vegitarian, Crepery and the Mexican. The only one we were not so happy with was the Mexican because it sat so heavy afterwards. Totaly our fauly. The menus were very easy to pick from. All great food. We both shared each others meals at all five restaurants. Not one meal was dissapointing. We had the buffet one night because we did an excursion (never again.) it was hot when it needed to be and was cold where it needed to be. The buffet was great for breakfast. We had the cereal most mornings as it was great and I am not a cereal eater. It had no preservatives and was a real change from the cardboard that sits on store shelves for a year at home. Goats milk is easy to take as well. We needed alot of it for the coffee. Half coffee and half goats milk. The beach was the better that the resort 20 minutes north and the other 30 minutes south. Terrific soft sand and none of the fleas everyone squaks about. Not one pest to be seen other than ants in our room the day after we left a yogurt container in the garbage one night. They went out with the bag and never saw another. Do not go anywhere else to shop as the beach vendors are truly the cheapest. Do not buy right away, leave and come back until you get good prices. The normanl as I found out was about 20 to 30 percent of what they ask. I got $280.00 worth of stuff for $115.00. Start real low. And do not be afraid to walk away. The entertainment was great, They work so hard and are fun to be with. Any one of them will talk with you and carry on conversation. This place is truly a great place, from one end to the other. We are not big drinkers and found that service in the bars was under par. They will walk around doing nothing rather than serve you if you do not have a dollar in hand. I got them back a couple times. Hold the dollar in your hand and walk away when served, especially when you just want water for the room. Josephina was a terrific maid, she did towel and flower arrangemnets on her first day with out knowing us. We took a coffee pot for our room as there is not one. We did not use it as the coffee was drinkable. When we left we cleaned out all our creams shampoos and other things for weight and gave it to her. We also left the unused and new coffee pot. She was so happy. She wrote us notes every day thanking us. The grounds are fabulous. Do not be afraid to walk outside the gates at the entrance or down the beach. It may look scarey but everyone is so friendly. They understand when you say youy are to tired and want to just walk. No Gracias goes a long way when repeated. If you want real good service fun times and even a kids club for kids this is the place. It is a true Paradise as Nelson the bus guide said. Better deals can be got from vendors if you tell them you are leaving tomorrow. They panic. Do not hesitate at this one, it cost $100.00 more per person because I waited a day. It kept going up as we checked on it. It rose over $350.00 per person in a month. Have a ball.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Blue-eyes-too
<Content>Enjoyed Sirenis for beach, pool and public areas My husband and I vacationed Jan 21-28 and had pretty good weather (although windy every day and almost a gale on the last day) with some light rain on 5 days and heavier rain one day. The beach is beautiful, the pool area very pretty, the lobby a tropical delight. The tennis courts were the best I've played in years - especially the time they were raked and topped just before we played at 8 a.m. one day. The relaxation massage at the spa (30 minutes $25 U.S.) was adequate. Food was average - repetitive food at buffet at both lunch and dinner. But the chicken and pork were very tasty and best fish was the grouper with white sauce at a supper buffet. The a la cartes we booked (two guaranteed with Signature) were not worth it - o.k. pizza at the Italian and chicken and small (canned?) shrimp at the Mediterranean. Rooms were run down although clean, shower had good pressure, many lights not working, air conditioning functioned well. Ant problem but they stayed on the floor. Staff - some friendly, many indifferent. And difficult to get bartenders attention even when we tipped regularly. As someone said above, we wouldn't go back because there are so many resorts to explore. It was overall a positive experience. By the way, if you are with Signature, don't risk buying entry to the VIP Lounge ($23 U.S. per person). The bus was late and we ended up not using it since we only had 30 minutes after 2 hour line up to get to the Skyservice ticket agent at the airport.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2006
<Rating>4	3	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lots of info for families My wife and I (both 29) and our daughter (2 years less a week 鈥?i.e. she flew for free!) went to the Sirenis (pronounced See-ren-us) Tropical for a week from Jan 2-9, 2006. This was the first Caribbean all-inclusive trip for either of us. We flew out of Kitchener-Waterloo which was a very convenient, new service. Because we didn鈥檛 know much of what I鈥檓 about to tell you, our week got off to a bumpy start. However, by the end, we definitely didn鈥檛 want to come home. This review is extremely long (sorry!) but full of good tips, and I鈥檝e tried to divide it into sections to help you find what might be most useful.Resort Layout 鈥?great!The Sirenis Tropical and the Sirenis Cocotal are supposedly two separate resorts but they share everything without restrictions. There鈥檚 a long walkway that divides the two halves but everyone has access to everything at the amalgamated resort(s). Each resort is comprised of about 20 buildings that generally have about 12-20 rooms each (see more on rooms below). On the Tropical side, I would highly recommend building Q or S (fight for this with your rep or at reception!), which are very close to the pool and the beach. Of course, that means they are also farthest from the main buildings and buffets but, as discussed below, they serve lunch near the pool so it鈥檚 only twice a day you have to make the short hike up there. It鈥檚 hard to describe everything, but at one end (the 鈥榖ottom鈥? of the resort is the long, free-form pool and the beach/ocean. At the other (鈥榯op鈥? end are the main buildings, which include reception, the buffet restaurants and some of the other resort amenities (e.g. casino, disco, a couple a la carte restaurants, etc.). The long walkway (about 150 metres/yards) connects the two areas and walkways to all the accommodation buildings run off the walkway. The resort grounds are really well kept, with lots of nice landscaping (including flowers, palm trees everywhere) and people working on this constantly. As I鈥檒l mention below, I ventured down to the much more pricey Secrets Excellence and, for resort amenities and aesthetic appeal, it鈥檚 not better in any way.Pool 鈥?perfect!We found the pool to be perfect. It鈥檚 basically shaped like an hourglass. However, it鈥檚 nice because buildings (where they serve lunch and have a bar during the day) jut into the 鈥榳aist鈥?of the hourglass (connected by a bridge that goes over the narrow part of the pool/river that connects the two ends) so you can鈥檛 really see the other side of the pool. At our side (Tropical), it was very quiet but on the other side (Cocotal), they were constantly running games and events 鈥?rather noisy but appealing to some, I imagine (and you can sit anywhere you want, of course). Both sides have a great swim up bar and easy access down to the beach. Of course, as others have described, there do seem to be a somewhat limited number of loungers by the pool (especially the kind with backs that go up and down). We were often out to put our towels on a pair of loungers as soon as we woke up (e.g. 7:30 am) and never had any trouble finding what we needed (we never tried to get beach loungers 鈥?being by pool was better 鈥?but it may have been more difficult there). You can then leave for several hours (e.g. to eat breakfast, sleep some more) and nobody will bother your towels 鈥?same for any bag you leave there, though I wouldn鈥檛 recommend leaving anything valuable in it. Beach/Ocean - not badThe beach is fairly wide. The sand isn鈥檛 white (but who cares really) and in many spots contains a lot of tiny sticks/brush (not the kind that would hurt anyone, but somewhat uncomfortable for toddlers to walk on). However, those spots are easy enough to avoid. As for the ocean, it鈥檚 fairly rough (i.e. waves more than a foot tall if you were more than 10 metres off the beach) and very few people braved any of the watersports that were available. Once you get out about 5 metres, the water is pretty much over your head (no big deal, but just be aware). However, before you get to waist deep, pretty much everywhere that we went, you were walking on coral. Therefore, I鈥檇 recommend bringing/wearing sandals. However, if you go to the far, far left side of the beach (Tropical side), the sand in the water is much nicer and it鈥檚 quieter over there as well.Other Stuff At The Resort 鈥?pretty good (see info on restaurants further below)There鈥檚 a casino with about 20 slot machines and 5 tables (2 blackjack, 2 for a type of poker, 1 roulette 鈥?usually $5 minimums). I played one night and met lots of interesting 鈥榖lokes鈥?from England and France. As others say, drinks are free for gamblers at all times, including after midnight. Didn鈥檛 see the disco (opens around 10 pm) or the spa. Tennis courts looked good. Workout gym is adjacent to spa and definitely adequate (about 5 cardio pieces and 5 weight machines 鈥?nobody there ever). The so-called sports bar near the front of the resort has ping-pong and pool tables and an adjacent bar 鈥?not that great but adequate.Along the front avenue into the resort are about 8 small shops (clothing, cigars, drug store, convenience store, etc.). However, they really didn鈥檛 offer much. The cigar store guy would bargain with you but the others had awful prices and not too much selection. This is unfortunate because there鈥檚 not really anywhere else to buy stuff nearby. Somebody mentioned a small plaza a 5-minute cab ride away but, when we went past it on our way back to the airport, it looked like it mostly just sold art and souvenir items (much like the beach vendors do). If you鈥檙e looking to buy rum, cigars, souvenirs, I would really recommend going to the 鈥榞ift shop鈥?on the beach to the left of the resort (left if you鈥檙e looking at the ocean). The main guy over there is awesome 鈥?speaks tons of languages and easy to bargain with. I got a bottle of good local rum and 10 of the best cigars for $20 (beware that the rum bottle might break easily). They also do massages and braiding over there for about half the price you鈥檒l pay at the resort. As well, you can buy duty free at the Punta Cana airport (e.g. $9 U.S. for a 1 litre Bacardi light!! 鈥?much cheaper than on the plane even).Room Layout 鈥?awesome!One main difference between the Tropical and the Cocotal is the room layout. At the Tropical (where we stayed), the space is divided into three rooms. The relatively large bathroom has a toilet, sink and tub, all made of a pretty nice marble-like material. Beside the bathroom is a sitting room (about 12鈥?x 12鈥? with a futon-type couch, two small tables, a window, and a desk. The third room (about 12鈥檟 20鈥?contains two double beds, two night tables, two large closets, and a small desk/dresser 鈥?not too many drawers). Both the bedroom and the sitting room have doors that open on to a decent-sized patio that has two plastic chairs and a table. All in all, we were thrilled with the room. We found the separate bedroom/sitting room layout (didn鈥檛 see this advertised anywhere else) is especially good for families with younger kids (or for dads or moms who like to come home later and don鈥檛 want to wake everyone up on the way in!). One other difference is that the Cocotal is three levels per building whereas most of the Tropical is only two levels each. There鈥檚 no iron in the room (or available anywhere) but nobody cares how pressed your clothes are (even less than I thought they would). Restaurants 鈥?not bad, but not greatIn my wife and I鈥檚 opinions, the buffet food was edible but not great. We actually didn鈥檛 really gain any weight, which should be unheard of for an all-inclusive vacation! The breakfast was pretty good if you liked omelettes and the dinner buffet always had a pasta bar and a carved meat that wasn鈥檛 bad. But the rest of it was just okay, especially if you鈥檙e expecting American/Canadian cuisine (not sure if this is more widely available at other resorts or not?). However, more than a couple people we talked to said the food is far worse in Cuba, unless you鈥檙e at the best of the best resorts. And related to that, the food at the Secrets down the beach was fabulous the one time I was fortunate enough to sample it. Anyway, this was one of the biggest disappointments for us, at least for the first few days until we managed to get into the a la carte restaurants for several of our last nights鈥?dinners (see below). As for the a la carte restaurants, there were many and we managed to eat at the Italian once, Mexican once, and the Steakhouse twice. All had great food (but beware the rubber cheesecake at the steakhouse) and the service was a very welcome change from the do-it-yourself, sometimes-large lineup buffet. However, as others have written, it is often a very difficult to book into the a la carte restaurants, and usually involves an hour lineup. As well, at least during the xmas break week we were there, there seemed to be no guarantee you would even get into a single one! (preferred booking times were even supposed to be part of the Signature Club package, but that didn鈥檛 seem to be the case at all). However, after having little luck (only one 8:30 reservation), I complained to our Signature rep and she got us. We then made friends with Jimmy, one of the head restaurant guys (find him!!! :), and he hooked us up with an extra night in the steakhouse and better times for us for our other reservations. We were sure to thank him with a few dollars and one of the baseballs we had brought to give out to extra special staff. If I can make any suggestion to try to ease the pain of the a la carte process, I would definitely try to get some sort of a guarantee out of your tour company before you go, because it鈥檚 tough to work these things out once you鈥檙e already there. Another concern for us was that the a la carte restaurants didn鈥檛 open until 6:30 (if you could get that as your reservation time) and the buffets not until 7:00. For people with kids or toddlers (including ours who is in bed by 7:30), this was very inconvenient, especially when they don鈥檛 have any sort of takeaway container available. At the bars, they only have one kind of beer (Presidente) but it鈥檚 a good lager/pilsner (especially when it鈥檚 free and free-flowing at almost all hours of the day). I鈥檇 also recommend the Sirenus Especiale (like a frozen creamsicle) or Banamama (just like the strawberry-banana smoothies I make at home, but with booze in them!). Beware the pina colada because it鈥檚 supposedly a natural laxative (and you鈥檙e unlikely to need any help in that department!). And if you want alcohol in any drink, you have to ask for it (e.g. 鈥淏anamama with run, por favor鈥?. Other tips:-get the safe for your peace of mind (safe is located in closet)-One other suggestion is to move the TV from the bedroom to the sitting room if you want (maybe especially if you have kids and you want to watch TV at night).-when checking in (it will be pandemonium), get all of the following to save you trips back to the desk later: TV remote control, safe key ($2/day)-when checking out, you have to return all of the above items, along with your towel cards so be sure to get these by taking your towels back to the towel hut before it closes (5 pm) on the day of/before your departure (opens at 9 am)-air conditioner only runs when room key is in the slot by the door, so leave it there when you go out (we got an extra card at reception no problem)-some airlines have strict luggage limits (both dimensions and weight) for both checked and carry-on bags (equivalent to only about one large bag each for the checked bags). Our airline (through Signature) was Skyservice and we almost got charged an extra $7 for each of the 5 kilograms we were over the total bag weight limit for our carry-ons. However, they asked if some of it was food (and it was), and they strangely let us go because of that reason (?). -we had no issue with diarrhea or mosquitoes. Watch out though because they tear through the resort on trucks around 6 pm every evening spraying some gas that a farmer said was used to get rid of bugs on crops. It supposedly won鈥檛 kill you unless you鈥檙e directly in its path, but this is a definitely possibility given how reckless they are.-at the Punta Cana airport, food is somewhat reasonably priced (e.g. $4 for pizza slice). Terminal two (look for it) is air conditioned and has a great kids park connected to it. -The bus ride to the resort from the airport wasn鈥檛 really all that bumpy, but still try to sit close to the front of the bus if possible. On the way to the resort, the bus鈥?washroom was very dirty and had no toilet paper or paper towels. On the way back, it was locked and nobody (driver, tour rep) had a key! A family sitting about 2/3 of the way back had both of their kids get sick in the aisle as a result. I鈥檇 expect better from a Signature affiliate but we managed to survive the one hour trip each way.-Similarly, don鈥檛 expect too much out of your tour company reps. The signature ladies were very nice but didn鈥檛 seem to have too much influence over the hotel (and I feel that way even in spite of what one managed to do for us with the a la carte restaurants, as described above). They mostly seem to be there to sell excursions and keep everyone organized. As well, we picked this hotel because it was a Signature Club resort, but most of those benefits didn鈥檛 really pan out. Finally, here鈥檚 a list of some things you may wish to bring with you that you may not have thought of:-鈥榰mbrella鈥?stroller if you have an infant or toddler 鈥?can be very handy at the airport and around the large resort (at the airport, don鈥檛 check it with your baggage because you can keep until you get to the stairs to the plane)-(alarm) clock 鈥?no clock of any kind in the room-cable cord 鈥?as mentioned, we moved our TV from the bedroom to the -short extension cord 鈥?could be handy? (see next point)-electrical converter 鈥?they don鈥檛 mention that this is needed in the brochures and it isn鈥檛 necessarily. However, out of the three electrical devices (e.g. shaver, hair dryer, camera battery charger) and two extension cords we brought, none of them would fit into any of the outlets. Some other people from Canada said some of their appliances鈥?plugs would fit, but others would not. If you look at the 鈥榯ongs鈥?on the cords of certain devices (at least those in Canada; maybe elsewhere), some will have one tong that is wider than the other. These won鈥檛 fit! After buying a $3 converter from the resort store which also wouldn鈥檛 fit our cords, we borrowed a cheap converter from another Canadian family that did the trick (thanks you kind folks from Hamilton!). -slippers 鈥?floor is tile throughout all the rooms and kind of hard and cold-water, beach toys 鈥?hard to pack, but very expensive and limited selection there (i.e. $14 U.S. for a small bucket  shovel)-chocolate, other favorite snacks 鈥?in short supply and expensive (e.g. $4 for a tiny can of Pringles)-same for sunscreen, medications, etc. (as a general rule, don鈥檛 plan to buy anything there unless you want to pay through the nose for it)-insulated mug with lid 鈥?you鈥檒l read that others recommend this for bar drinks, but it鈥檚 also good idea for your morning coffee because the only 鈥榯akeaway鈥?cups they have at the bars or buffet are tiny plastic ones -items to tip maid or others with 鈥?e.g. lipsticks, items from your country, etc. 鈥?and bring lots of $1 bills for this purpose as wellAnyway, I think that鈥檚 it (finally). Sorry for the novel. Feel free to email me at andyk1000@ hotmail.com and I might have a couple other insider tips or some pictures if you鈥檙e interested. Also check out Debbie鈥檚 Dominican travel website as we found it had lots of good tips. Have fun!  
<Date>Jan 31, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>char070
<Content>what i thought I just got back from this resort. Like a lot of ppl i was worried after i read some of the negative reviews, especially since my wife is pretty picky. Despite some iffy weather(rained everyday for about 15 minutes) it was not that bad.Yes the food could have been better (no variety from one day to the next), yes the service could have been better (no one would ask us if we wanted a drink), and the rooms were average.For me the trip was about relaxing which it was, my wife and her sister and myself all had a good time, nothing to overly complain about.I've heard the saying it's a third world country which it is, that's why i never really expect a lot.This is my second time to D.R.and this was 10 times better then my first visit (Puerto Plata)would i go again? Yes, because of the location, but not to Sirenis, i never go to the same resort twice (others to explore).As far as i'm concerned, all the ones who have been overly negative about this place, probably should have spent doubled or even triple the money and stayed at 'Secrets Resort', for the money this place is worth it.As far as this resort being too big?? walking isn't bad for you.This was my wife's first 'resort holiday', she's only done cruises which is probably what we'll stick with from now on.So anyone else planning on going here and is still undecided or is booked to go...just go, relax, enjoy the sun, enjoy the surroundings (which is amazing) and you'll love it.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Been Misled in Dominican Republic it was definately not a five star hotel by N.American standards, it said it was kid friendly,nothing to really brag about, they had a park, whop dee doo. the buffet was half closed when i went and they recycled the breakfast buffet and lunch buffet for the supper buffet. they spent more time carving there fruit into sculptures then making there food more edible.room was ok but nothing to ahhh about.complex was to big for young children, they got tired of walking because complex is so big, overall not worth all the money i spent......  
<Date>Jan 27, 2006
<Rating>3	2	4	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Time! Once only though! My girlfriend and I have just returned from a weeks stay at Sirenis Suites and we had a great time.By nature we appreciate but never EXPECT great things from hotels...aslong as they are clean, the food and the drink slides down the throat easily and the sun comes out to play thenwe're happy.Okay so the hotel is not a 5 star but I was led to believe that that was the HOTEL's own personal rating, our travel company called it a 4-star, and I was happy with that. We paid only 拢430 each due to booking a week before departure so I guess we got more than we paid for!To review I will break this down into subsections as I am too logical for my own good!FOOD:We tried one speciality restaurant (mainly due to lack of patience in the booking queues but also due to alcohol-based incapability - Brits abroad and all that....), and we were pleased by the service and the food. The buffet was good, more variety would have been welcomed but I still ate two plates at most mealtimes! One gripe was room service which we tried to order once and was knocked back. so we went to bed hungry!STAFF:I found the staff to be a mixed bag. Several were very helpful and pleasant while others seemed almost annoyed at our presence....although many commented that ym grilfriend looked Dominican so we were welcomed everywhere with open arms.....and not much waiting...HYGIENE:The whole resort was immaculate in my opinion. TO keep the place in such a state meant that we always were within eyesight of a staff member sweeping, mopping, cleaning, wiping, an many more '-ing' words that conrtibute towards an immaculately kept hotel. ROOMS:we stayed in the suites, although we thought we were meant to be in a standard room....(you won't be surprised that we didn't complain about this!) they were very comfortable and ESPN was a god-send! we had a power cut and water cut during our stay but in a country with such a weak infrastructure this was not to be moaned about. they were both sorted within the half hour so no problem. although most people recommend blocks S  T, I would recommend G and neighboring blocks (inland facing) as we had a fantastic view of the mountains in the distance, the evening sun, close proximity to the main building and protection from the breezes.(TIP the mini bar or you get slightly more than nothing!!)ACTIVITES:didn't do much. tried to do watersports but the red flag was out every day so nothing wasx for hire....the perils of the north coast and the trade winds....the animacion team were very active but we preferred to do our thing...POOL:very clean. very enjoyable. the first day we walked down at 8.30 to reserve a sun lounger, excellent position. the other days we went after breakfast and the longer situation is not as bad as others may make out. You would alwasy find some.OVERALL:Had my watch stolen from my room but I failed to add it to the items in my security deposit box so I guess in a third world country, I have to apportion partial blame to myself. If I had realised when I was there then I may have acted differently.I thoroughly enjoyed our holiday and although I wouldn't go to the sirenis suites again, it is mainly because of the situation (north coast and pretty secluded).  
<Date>Jan 24, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ForzenInPeg
<Content>Not a 4.5 star but been to worse We just got back from a one week stay. The hotel was clean and pretty to look at. The rooms were ok but the suite was not worth the extra - never sat in living room - no tv in there. We have had better food at a 3 star. Buffet was very small - not much selection and I actually could not eat my dinner at the steak place because the meat tasted bad so I just skipped that dinner. Not enough chair's to go around and that is the first time we have had that problem in DR. Been to many resorts big and small and always had enough chairs. We would not go back here.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not a bad hotel but not a 5 star hotel! I visited Sirenis Hotel between 2nd January 2006 and 9th January 2006 with my girlfriend. Our problems started when it took 75mins to bring our bags from reception to our room. The first day we realised that if you want a sun lounger by the pool/beach you have to go down at 6-7am and put your towel over a sunbed to reserve it (surely a resort this size should have enough sunbeds!). We were also told that out of the 7 nights we would only be allowed to book 1 night at one of the 7 speciality restuarants! After alot of complaining and arguing we were able to increase this to a pretty average 3 bookings out of 7 nights. The staff at reception spoke virtually no english and were unhelpfull to say the least, the bar staff were equally unfriendly (i've never been to an all inclusive hotel where the bar staff were more interested in getting you away from the bar than speaking to you and having a laugh). The evening entertainment was poor (same girl and guy every night), the room was badly maintained (live cables on-show, half the lights not working etc.) and the food in the buffet was anything but great (same thing every day). Overall defintely NOT a 5 star hotel. We paid over 拢2,500 to go to this hotel for a 1 week stay but this hotel SHOULD BE NOTHING MORE THAN 3 STAR. If your looking for an all inclusive hotel in the Dominican Republic go to Sun Village in Puerto Plata. Its 4 star but miles better than Sirenis Suites! Sun Village is a bigger hotel, has plenty pools/sun loungers, access to all of the speciality restuarants, friendly/funny bar staff...overall they make you want to come back again (there was me thinking that was the point!)  
<Date>Jan 14, 2006
<Rating>3	1	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Holiday dispite room cock-up Had a good time but this was mainly due to the fact the we made the best of it. To be fair the reost is very well kept clean and tidy and the pool/beach is very clean. They managed to put us all in normal rooms when we had booked suites. which didn't go down well and mainly because they never mentioned it and we had to approach them. They sorted out the problem within a coulple of hours but we didn't need this after a 9hr flight and 1hr coach trip from hell. Overall complex is good food nice but gets a bit boring after a while. Booking system for the restuarants is a joke we managed 6 bookings in 16 days which was great apparently, Best rest by far was the italian. Kids club was scarey at best!! twice they lost our kids and didn't seem that bothered. Another girl broke her wrist and the parents never knew until on her way to hospial. Fine for older kids but not for younger i witnessed 1 rep looking after 12 kids when swimming. not good. The place is nice but we wouldn't return to this particular hotel but we enjoyed the break and it woulk d not appear on holidays from hell so rest easy if you have booked, just has a few issues.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great food! My husband and I stayed at Sirenis Tropical Suites over the new year and, after a rocky first day, the rest of our holiday was great. When we checked in (with only one clerk working to handle a full bus load -- not the greatest planning), we found that our room had been double booked and I had to go to get another room. It was even more confusing because there are two separate hotels -- Sirenis Tropical Suites and Sirenis Cocotal Resort. Everyone kept asking were we on the Tropical side or the Cocotal side and I had no idea. Not knowing the difference and arriving after dark (so we had no idea which way to go) didn't help. Eventually the manager took us himself to our new room and from Day 2 to the end of our 2-week stay, we had absolutely no complaints. One thing you do have to be aware of is the infamous beach lounger run in the very early mornings... my husband went down to the beach before sunrise (usually between 6 and 6:30 AM) and even at that early hour, people were scurrying about reserving their beach lounger chairs. If you happened to show up at the beach after 9:30 or 10 AM hoping to find a lounger, you were out of luck. The hotel brochure said that beach lounger chair reserving was not permitted, but it was NEVER enforced. (It also said that ladies were requested to not go topless at the pool area, but THAT was never enforced either). Once you get into the groove of how the resort works, it's well worth the trip. The food at the buffets was fantastic, always fresh, always lots of variety and the by-reservation-restaurants (of which we only tried 2: creperie and pizza -- both fabulous) were equally good. Food presentation was always exceptional. The only drawback we found in our 2 week stay was the ever-present lineup at guest services where you had to reserve your tables at the reservation-only restaurants. It was usually lined up at least a dozen deep whenever we went by (or was closed) and you were only allowed to make one reservation per day. It was just easier to eat at the buffets instead of the hassle of the lineups. It seemed that the guest service representatives weren't very fluent in English, although in fairness, most of the guests at the resort seemed to be French (I'd say about 70%) with the balance being British, Australian, German and a smattering of Canadians. It gave the place a much more foreign flavour than we expected.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Make it your own... Read many reviews before I went to this resort just a couple of weeks ago. I regretted it as I believe there are only two types of people who write these reviews, those who are really unhappy about something or those who are way to overly exultant.The bottom line is you have to decide for yourself. So instead of telling you how terrible or how great my trip was here are a few tips you might find useful instead:1.It鈥檚 a pretty big resort, so if you intend to find new friends you can and you probably will. The same goes for all age groups. 2.If you are looking for shade by the pool or the beach, I would suggest you reserve yourself a spot with a towel (by 9AM), then go for breakfast or back to sleep.3.If you are looking to be active throughout the day, go to the right (when you face the beach). Most of the animation activities are there including the equipment rentals. 4.If you want a quite area, I would suggest you go to the left side on the beach, not by the pool. Many kids are around the pool. 5.When ordering coco loco or pina colada and you want it with alcohol, make sure you ask (Con Ron鈥︼亰) or 鈥渃on vitamina鈥濃€ith some bartenders6.If you want to be an effective communicator with the staff, learn some Spanish. When in ROME鈥?br/>7.If you care to watch TV in your room and need a remote, ask at the reception for the remote control at check in. 8.If you like to snorkel, take a bit of a walk to the left of the resort. Walk for about 10 mins and there you will find a nice, clear and less murky water for snorkeling (best snorkeling either in the morning or later afternoon when it鈥檚 less windy, wavy) 9.If you sail, you can take out a catamaran鈥est time is when it鈥檚 less wavy but you can鈥檛 control that, so just have fun. As the coral is really close to the shore, I would advise to opt in for the insurance ($5). It鈥檚 worth the investment. 10.Kayaks can be a lot of fun. Some pretty big waves form a few hundred feet away from the beach, and you can have some fun surfing the waves with the kayaks. Don鈥檛 forget your life vest. You don鈥檛 want to flip onto the coral鈥?br/>11.Drinks鈥f you are a late partier but don鈥檛 want to pay, I would suggest to pound a few down before midnight. After then, you can buy drinks at the Disco ($4 US per drink) or go gamble at the casino then drinks will be free12.Some Casino facts. If you play in US you will win or lose in US. If you play Pesos, you will win or lose Pesos. My understanding is you don鈥檛 want to be stuck with Pesos. The US-Peso exchange rate is not in your favour.13.Restaurants. There are a few special restaurants. Make sure you reserve a spot early in the morning. For some you can reserve between 4 and 5PM for next day. I heard the Steakhouse is not great as the meat is overcooked (a must in a third world country). People raved about the Italian and Chinese. I personally preferred the buffet. No need to reserve anything.14.There are mosquitoes, so take some repellent with you. Especially noticeable at night. 15.Get a massage on the beach鈥or $20-25US per 30 mins it鈥檚 a deal. Don鈥檛 go to the Spa, they charge much more. 16.If you are impatient with slower than usual service, you can always accelerate it with a few bucks鈥?br/>I hope these are good, so ENJOY your trip but most likely relax.Cheers  
<Date>Jan 6, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lock up your belongings This was the first visit to this hotel for my boyfriend and I and we were both having a great time until the third day when we noticed some clothing had gone missing from my suitcase. The complaint to management had done nothing and they very clearly sided with their staff, saying that they were not responsible for anything that wasn't in the safe. We were not impressed, as we had been tipping the housekeeper very well up until that point. This was not an isolated incident either, as the family two doors down from us also had some items missing from their room as well, most notably a diamond necklace. It's no wonder the housekeepers are as gutsy as they are and take those risks because they know they can get away with it. My advice: keep all of your clothing locked up in your suitcase and close the drains in the tub and sink at night to avoid finding cockroaches in your room in the morning.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>holidaylover8
<Content>Fantastic people service I've just got back from the Sirenis and I am pleased to report..YES IT IS SAFE TO GO THERE!The staff is superb, from the restaurants to bars to cleaners, gardeners and the animacion team. They are all polite, they take time to acknowledge you and you only need to look in their direction to receive service within the next 30 seconds! I spent almost a whole day in the swim up bar purely because Julio (barman) was supplying me with endless pina coladas and tequila sunrises.At the restaurants, the staff are there topping up your drinks, and clearing your plates between courses.Our room was immaculately cleaned everyday. Yes, the grouting was messy, but it made no difference to my personal hygenie. All of the tiles were stuck in position, so there were no health  safety questions. I've seen worst in 5 star hotels here in UK! (Having said that, I don't think a 5 star UK hotel hotel is good anyway. 5 stars in the Far East is awesome!) In my opinion, the only negative is the lack of variety and quality of food...not what I expect from a 5 star resort. More like a 3 star...perfectly edible, but none which excites a foodie ike me...very typical of mass-produced buffet food. If you do decide on this hotel, just don't loose sight of the cost. You're not getting a bad deal!  
<Date>Dec 23, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>LovingSun
<Content>Great value for your money My husband, myself and our three year old daughter went to the Sirenis during the first week of December. We booked our trip last minute and it was worth every penny and more. There is really not much to complain about. The service was great, hotel was clean, rooms are clean. The pool was amazing - huge and very clean, lots of shallow areas for small children. The entertainment crew worked VERY hard to keep people entertained - great job guys! Oh yes, the dancers were amazing as well. Food was also good. The booking system for the specialty restaurants needs improvement, but other than that, really as I said, not much to complaine about. Weather was so,so - but thats not the hotel's fault.Go with an open mind - remember, your on vacation.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I wouldn't recommened this Place !!!!!! My boyfriend and I started out to have the time of our lives here in Dominican, well all I can say is we will never forget this Vacation! The food wasn't very good the nightlife wasn't very fun. To top it all off somebody broke into our hotel and stole all of our Clothes and personal hygiene product with very little done from the management except move us to a new room. I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone!  
<Date>Dec 11, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>what an experience well what can i say just returned 7th to 22nd nov there was a group of us 5 adults and 3 girls 14 15 and 16 it was fantastic read lots of reports of how people were unhappy with certain things but we found all to be excellent everyone works very hard to make you happy we found our rooms clean and tidy and no problems with the food loads of things to do and we did not see the girls once they had found their feet the animation crew were great and worked extremley hard to keep us entertained everyday a fantastic trip already looking to book for next year.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>suzannefrommontreal
<Content>relaxing  my sister  I went for 7 days. We had no expectations besides knowing it's location. 1 hour from Punta Cana airport. I would recommand this resort for people that are not difficult with food. For breakfast  lunch it's buffet style, for dinner, 脿 la carte(reservations required) or buffet.Actually we enjoied having a different restaurant every night from Chinese, Italian, Steak House (most popular), Mexican, vegetarian, Creperie (my favourite).the beach was great, weather in october is warm 30degrees but,,,a lot of raining. (well it's hurricane season till mid-november)Nice animation staff  nice entertainment.no expections = best vacations ;)  
<Date>Oct 12, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dominican pleasure Just got back from on week in Sirenas Tropical, and loved every minute of it. For the price we paid... it was 3-4 star. The people are beautiful, the sun was constant, the heat was glorious. While we paid $600 others who were then discontent paid twice that. We got what we paid for and it was awesome. Food, even the daily buuffet was good, although not typical Canadian fare it was good. The beach was very clean, the water very warm. The pool... filled with beautiful people of all ages and sizes. Nightlife was a little slow, but then we took the taxi to Bavaro and did not get ouot of the disco until 6am... and that was a Sunday. Go and enjoy  
<Date>Oct 7, 2005
<Rating>3	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>the hotel from a kids point of view.       The beach  
<Date>Oct 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>KatWebb
<Content>Definately not a 5* Having stayed at a 4 star in Punta Cana last year (the Occidental Grand Flamenco) and having the most fabulous 3 weeks of my life (even though there were negative reviews about it on the internet), I decided to ignore the negative reviews of the Cocotal and was sure that it would be fantastic.However, the first room we were allocated on arrival on Mon 16/5 had light fittings hanging out of the bathroom ceiling with water pouring through, we went back to reception and were allocated another room which had extremely brown water like sewage running from the taps. The hotel admitted there was a problem but did not move us until Thurs 19/5 - a long time to go without a bath!There were other issues such as birds in the restaurant landing on, walking all over and eating the bread and fruit, one night a cockroach on the ham, food poisoning from the Mexican (every person that ate the chicken and beef there on the same night I went all fell ill), the lobby area had a constant stale/mouldy smell and the chairs smelt badly of body odour, the blue lights that they have to attract and electrocute the cockroaches were placed right outside the speciality resaturants and you could not enter without getting swarmed with them, etc. etc.Another warning is to never lie directly on the sun bed mattresses as they are infested with mosquitoes and the resort itself has a huge problem with mosquitoes. Despite using 3 cans of insect repellent I got 86 bites! Our rep who was only coverning at the Cocotal had been in the Dom Rep for 5 months and never had a problem with bites, but after a week at the Cocotal was herself covered.On the plus side we did meet some fabulous people (Hi Kate, Mike, Hayley and Rich if you read this) and the Spa and Casino were excellent.If you want a drink after midnight when the lobby bar closes, just place a 100 peso bet in the casino and you get free drinks until it closes.Fermin (on the entertainment team) was the nicest, friendliest bloke I have ever met and some of the bar staff, waiters and waitreses were also amazing (Frank, Sucre, Henry, Joselyn and Erika deserve a special mention).Unfortunately we had a bad start to the holiday and other little problems that we would probably have overlooked under normal circumstances just seemed to be bigger. The hotel was very busy when we stayed and they had torrential rain for the week before we arrived and for the first week of our holiday, so maybe this is why the standards were not so good.If you have booked to go to this hotel and have stayed at other resorts in the Dominican before, then prepare to be disappointed (it is nowhere near as good as the 4 star Occidental, Bavara Beach or Bahia). I would only rate this a 3 star in comparison.If it is your first time in the Dominican, just beware of what food the birds have been walking over and hopefully have a great time.DO NOT JUST BASE YOU DECISION ON THE REVIEWS ON THIS HOTEL AS THE SIRENIS COCOTAL IS THE SAME!! PLEASE ALSO CHECK OUT THOSE REVIEWS!Feel free to contact me if you wat more info.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>NorthWalesNudger
<Content>Most acceptable... We arrived on the evening of 12/09, and first impressions weren't too good. However the next morning the sheer expanse of the place and the cleanliness really became apparent.The hotel, grounds, pools and rooms are kept spotlessly clean. The selection of restaurants is very good and due to the hotel only being 50% full, we were able to eat where and when we wanted.The service and standard of food in the speciality restaurants is very good, we ate in the Steakhouse and Chinese 3 times each, excellent.All the staff are friendly and polite, with the exception of the Casino (which is well worth a visit), but if you are novice gamblers (like us) set yourself a limit, 10 dollars each per visit was our allowance.The beach is fantastic and the snorkelling excellent, sea was warm and clear.All in all we could not fault the hotel, but having stayed in a Rui in Mexico last year, this just didn't have that little extra that a Rui has. It will definitely be Rui's all the way from now on, but this was still very nice.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pure Paradise We have just come back from the Sirenis hotel we were on honeymoon and cannot fault this hotel in anyway. The variety of food was fantastic as was the cleanliness, our maid was brilliant always filled our fridge despite us not tipping her till our final day. The staff were really friendly and the surrounding were amazing the pool is huge!!!If you go to this hotel to have a good time, eat well and meet lots of people you will love it...we did and meet lots of other familys as well as 2 other honeymooners age rangeing from 20-45!!Loved it and will defintley be going back!!!!  
<Date>Sep 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>tombob98
<Content>not that impressed. We have just returned from the Sirenis in Punta Cana. Ok hotel, but there are some things that need to be worked on. The main thing is that it is deffinately NOT a 5* hotel, who they had to pay off for that rating I don't know!! The staff are friendly enough if they think they are going to get a tip but if not, they don't want to know. Saying that the bar staff are great!! The other main problem is that none of the resturants are any different, they basically put up a mexican hat on the wall for the mexican resturant a few Italian flags for the Italian resturant e.t.c. They are all in the same place and you have No variety in scenery what so ever. The food's Ok, not great but not terrible. As the complex is open plan be aware that you will see Rats and mice in these resturants. (oh and a few dead hairy BIG spiders in the pool!!!) The Sirenis would be perfect for you if you have never been to anywhere like the Caribbean before, you could set your standard by this hotel and then be pleasently surprised when you go elsewhere in the future. The beach is fantastic and perfect for getting away from the hoards of screaming kids round the pool area. I would NOT go back here and wouldn't recommend this hotel to couples or honeymooners. 3* rating would have been perfect for this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Robcanada42
<Content>One word would be amazing We just came back from the Sirenis Tropical suites on august 27 and I have to say that I read reviews before our departure and was a little afraid. Thank god that I did not find what some reviews were saying. The grounds are spottless as well as all of the common areas, granted that the grounds are very large and there is a lot of walking required but because of that the amount of people staying there is not so noticeable. The theme restaurants are all wonderful and I had no problems with the water served at the meals or the bottled water. Some reviews mentioned how the bottled water was past due, I checked specially for this and I checked about 50 bottles throughout the complex and found none past due or even close to being past due.We found the best theme restaurant to be the mexican, we tried them all except the chinese as we ran out of time.We stayed in building S which is right beside the beach and the hotel, this along with building T is probably the best location. We were 2 adults and three children and everyone enjoyed themselves. We did find the kids club a little out of the way if you had to go during the day to see them, at the end of the kids club the animators bring them all back to the beach area so that is not a problem.Our room was spotless and completely cleaned every day including a mopping of the floor. We gave a daily tip to the maid of $ 1.00 to make sure that our service was good and it was. The refridgerator was stocked every day with coke, coke light, sprite as well as water.It was a very hot all week but did not have a real problem with it because of the access to water in the pool and beach was easily accessable.The beach was beautiful with a few waves but nothing too wild, my 5 year old loved it and it was not beyond his ability. The pool was huge, spotless and a wonderful setup. There was many shaded areas if you wanted to get out of the sun even if you were in the pool which can not be said about other hotels.I would suggest to get the in room safe which cost's 15.00 for the week, a very good investment for your important papers and cash. I did not have to rush out at 6:00 am to reserve a chair under a sun shelter as was mentioned in some reviews, if you go out by 8:30 you will still have plenty of choices next to the pool or the beach.We booked by signature vacations and the Rep Stephane was very helpful and a joy to talk to, our only problem was that the signature club that offers bonus's for your holiday like express check in, beach towels in the room and similar things was not available in the summer and was not mentioned in the brochure, other than that this is a top notch hotel and signature is a top notch holiday provider.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>circuit.training
<Content>Our second visit This was our second visit to Sirenis Tropical Suites and it was every bit as good as the first.Rooms: Clean and spacious with air conditioning, ceiling fan and fridge which was re-stocked daily with soft drinks. It's worth tipping the chambermaid early on if you require specific drinks such as 'Cola Light/Diet coke'.Restaurants: All restaurants were good. The steak house is fantastic. However, the booking system was very slow on some days. The buffet was great for kids as they could try everything and leave it if they didn't like it. There was soup, pasta, chips, chicken, salads, rice. casseroles, fresh fruit and cakes and various theme nights too. We prefered the thematic restaurants (Mexican, Italian and Chinese) and are worth a visit if you can book.Entertainment: Seemed good, but we didn't join in the games. Fitness: The gym was well equipped and includes: hand weights, weight machines, two benches and two chest press benches, peck deck, hamstring bench, three cycles, two steppers and one treadmill. There is also space at the back for shuttle runs, press ups, stomach work etc. There is a water cooler. It is open from 8-12 and 4-8pm. However, it can get very warm so training early or later is best - it is not air conditioned. The staff are friendly and helpful and Ishmael (the instructor) spoke reasonably good english and was learning the language every day. As we enjoy circuit training at home the facilities here were perfect for us to continue our training - much to the amusement of other users! The rules are: Over 16's only, appropriate gym clothing and sports shoes. (However, we did see some people in flip flops!) There are tennis courts (4 we think) floodlit too and a five a side football pitch.Spa: Didn't get round to using it but was very popular and looked very nice (it is adjacent to the gym).Location: Very isolated, so for anybody looking to explore apart from the trips would be disappointed. This is ideal for those who wish to spend two weeks sitting by the pool or a beach doing nothing with everything inclusive.Travel company: First Choice: They have recently re-designed their aircraft by reducing the number of seats. This means there is a great deal more leg room and the seats have a 7 personal TV screen. The programmes were ok - but to get the best ones and the kiddies games cost 拢5 per head on outbound and inbound flights. The extra seating space combined with the service from the crew made the journeys very pleasant. If you are thinking of travelling premier class: there are toilets located in the premier class cabin which are used by all passengers. This means that you could be sitting next to the toilet whilst enjoying your extra courses and courtesy drinks! If travelling premium class make sure you are specific about where you sit. Punta Cana Airport:This year we paid the extra ($23.00 a head) to go in to the VIP lounge. Whilst the food was disappointing - ham and cheese sandwiches, prawns with dip, quiche, fruit and pastries, there was plenty to drink (all alcohol and soft drinks). It was air conditioned and we had access to the internet and a TV. The toilets were also much better, clean and luxurious (compared to the main lounge). Please note that if you are travelling premier class you do not have access to this lounge - you must pay the additional fee.Tipping:There is no obligation whatsoever to tip any of the staff and nor do they appear to expect it. However, as mentioned in one previous review the average earning is appropriximately $150 a month. Therefore, if you feel the service you have received is worthy of a tip then $1.00 is more than acceptable. The forgotten few include the toilet cleaners by the swimming pool, the pool attendants and the gardeners. If you are thinking about leaving a tip ensure you take plenty of $1.00 bills with you as it is very difficult to get larger notes changed at the resort. But if you need to then the best people to ask are the bar staff or the bell boys.Summary: Whilst we are thinking of going to another resort as a change next year, we would definitely come back and would recommend it to others.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>suncrestroofing
<Content>Not quite paradise A party of 4 adults and two children went to this hotel from 3rd August to 17th August 2005. Our First Choice flight from East Midlands was great, would really reccommend them and their new planes, plenty of room and entertainment from the seat back tvs. Both our flights were on time. On arriving at Punta Cana airport the first thing you encounter is two girls in local costume who pose for a photograph with you,not what you really want after a nine hour flight. Visa forms are then purchased for 10 dollars per person, filled in (you will need a pen) and then you go through immigration and collect your baggage. The trip to the hotel is about 80 minutes, a little bumpy, but the time goes quickly as you look over the Dominical countryside. Check-in went quickly and we were in our rooms with our baggage in no time. This hotel is well spread out and I would not reccommend to anyone with walking difficulties, however there are ramps for wheelchair users. We found the rooms quite adequate,plenty of storage space and always kept clean. The food in the main buffet was good always plenty of choice. The themed restaurants were also good and made a pleasant change to be waited on instead of the cattle market at the buffet.There is always plenty to keep you occupied at this hotel and the staff work very hard and are always smiling and singing. The only things that would put me off from returning here are that it is very isolated, therefore sometimes you feel a little hemmed in by the resort.My main complaint would be the lack of air conditioning in the public areas. There was nowhere to sit in the evenings to enjoy your beer without sweat pouring down your back. The evening entertainment venue, although outside, was known as the sweatpit. A couple of tips for you, most mobile phone chargers will not work. Simon the Airtours rep very kindly recharged my phone at his apartment as he had 240 volts there.  dont bother taking long trousers its too hot and in the restaurants three quarter length or tailered shorts suffice. take plenty plenty plenty sunscreen, it gets really hot around lunch time, and although it may forcast showers we never saw any untill after dark. the jurassic safari is a great day out, you will need to book through coco tours in the main lobby, pay for two adults get a child free, our best tour. use the beach vendors for purchases rum ciggarettes, even some tours and hair braiding.Lastly dont bother paying for VIP lounge at Punta Cana airport. We were told that there is no air conditioning in the departure lounge, but if you find terminal two there is air con and plenty of seating.Personally I would not return to this hotel because we like to try different ones, but I would reccommend it to my freinds and family.Fell free to e-mail if you have any questions  
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Good The Bad  This was a trip I will not soon forget. The resort itself is simply amazing. Almost too big. We stayed in the tropical, The place holds over 3,000 people easy. The rooms were very nice and clean although we did have to be moved when the condensation from the a.c. got so bad it dripped on our heads one night. This problem was resolved very quickly no problem. I strongly recomend the horseback riding . affordable and enjoyable! Snorkling is just as good for free at the resort as it is on one of the tours.The Resort staff are very friendly, especially my buds Julio and Sucre at my favourite swim up bar. It's an easy place to meet people and make friends. The entertainment was ok could use some improvement there. The accomodations poolside and beach side are awsome.BUT....Y'all better get yer --- outta bed b4 8:00 am and grab a good spot under one of the many palm shelters. oh and it's very very popular to sunbathe topless down there. after a while seen 1 seen em all...ok a couple were worth a 2nd peek but...Take my advice on this one ....spend the $15.00 U.S. and get a safety deposit box for your cash and valuables...Im trying not to let this ruin my vacation but...you need $20.00 U.S. cash for dept. tax at the airport on the way home. Well that $60.00 we hung onto up until the second last day then our luck ran out and like magic it dissapeared from my wifes semi secret compartment in her walet...I guess the cleaning staff tip themselves! This really pissed me off thus the low rating! Also bring pepto bismol but don't think thats gunna save you. no chance Charlie...The Banyo (Bathroom) gets a full workout eating the stuff this place dishes out...and Im not talkin just a little bit...We're talkin need another day from work.  Yes the Serenis was well worth the money. But no one should have to worry about getting sick or ripped off from a place that charges as much as they do. Hope this little note helps you prepare and decide for yourself... and hey...if ya wanna just kick back and chill over a great steak and an ice cold beer with a red hot lover...stay home...or come to my place. Cheers. Fraggle*** Toronto Canada = )  
<Date>Aug 8, 2005
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Iluvhols!
<Content>Brilliant time! :O) We went to the Sirenis Tropical Suites from the 20th June 05 鈥?4th July 05. The short story 鈥?Loved it! Check in easy, rooms lovely, pools amazing, drinks wicked, great holiday!Long story 鈥?Flight. Went from Gatwick with Excel Airways 鈥?never again! Words can鈥檛 describe how bad this experience was. A 5,000 letter of complaint to them should give you idea though! Be careful here because we booked through Instant holidays, which was from teletext. Our tour operator was Thomas Cook so we were lead to believe we would fly with them but only to find when we received our tickets that we were flying with Excel 鈥?just don鈥檛 let the name fool you!Onto the airport. This is amusing, once landed the doors opened and you could feel the heat and humidity hit you and I still hadn鈥檛 stepped off the plane at that point! The airport of Punta Cana is very quaint and that鈥檚 the only way I can think of describing it! It鈥檚 like a huge wooden hut, but it鈥檚 really beautiful. When you get to the entrance there are hula women who maul you and you have a photo taken with them. Then you go to the desk where you give them your $10 each and they give you a card to fill out for your visa. Be patient because it鈥檚 really busy and the form takes about 5 minutes to fill in (which seems like a lifetime when you鈥檝e just had a 10-hour flight!) Then it鈥檚 onto getting baggage, which took about half-an hour 鈥?working on Dominican time now! Once got baggage quite easy to find our bus, someone was there with clipboards and they tell you the number of the bus. Don鈥檛 let any people take your bags for you, its literally 200 metres from door to door!The bus ride was a welcome. Air-conditioned and lots of space. The rep was nice 鈥?David Cox. Who bore a uncanny resemblance to Robin Williams! I was fully prepared for the bus ride, but I鈥檓 glad to say was nowhere near as bad as anticipated. I did feel really sick but that was due to the plane ride, although I鈥檓 sure the bumps didn鈥檛 help! Once at the hotel we got our bags off and went to queue for check in, we was given a fruit drink (think it was some sort of juice and grenadine) which to be honest tasted like crap but was welcomed all the same!At check in we gave our names and was checked off and given our room keys, we then had to queue again to be given a hotel map and explained where our room was. The one thing I would complain about was that on booking our holiday we requested a sea/pool view and I even e-mailed Sirenis a month before departure and they said we could have one. But our view was just of other buildings, the sea nowhere to be seen! Anyway, we put a sticker of our room number on the suitcases and a bellboy brought them to our rooms. We gave him $2 (a $ per bag is standard apparently). Our rooms were easy enough to find with the map, it was about a 10-minute walk from the main lobby. Room: walk in through door and bathroom is on left. Nice marbled sink, have big mirror, shower and toilet. We never had any problems with hot water. Straight on is the lounge with a 3-seater settee and a chair. It has a desk and underneath is a mini-fridge stocked with bottles of Sprite, Coke and Water. A word of warning, the water was a year out of date and every time we drank it we felt ill and had to dash to the toilet. Of course we didn鈥檛 realise it was the water until the last week! To the right of that is the balcony which houses a small table and two chairs. Nice to sit out on in the day or at dusk but not in the evening because of all the insects that swarm near the lights. The bedroom is to the right when you get in the door, which held 2 large double beds. A large television, a desk with 2 drawers and a chair. And a large wardrobe (doors are a bit dodgy) and a safe in the wardrobe. We did like our room but felt annoyed that there wasn鈥檛 a sea view and annoyed that it wasn鈥檛 as big as expected, I鈥檝e seen the pictures on websites where the room is huge with marble floors, well don鈥檛 expect that and you should like it!If you look hard enough you can find flaws, like cracks in the marble and the buildings having cracks, but that鈥檚 only if you鈥檙e pedantic, otherwise you wouldn鈥檛 notice. Pool: Amazing! Words can鈥檛 describe how huge it is! From he sea end it鈥檚 a little whirl pool which didn鈥檛 work it then leads onto a huge baby pool which is only about a foot deep (if that), then goes deeper to the swim-up bar then its kinda narrow while you tread water to the bigger part where it鈥檚 like 8 ft deep but is huge. Then you have to clamber onto the bridge and crawl under it to get to another huge pool. This has the mermaid in the middle of it where people went to sunbathe or take a break before carrying on! This is also where they have the pool games so it鈥檚 better to camp down somewhere else if you want to relax. To the right is another swim up bar and beyond that I鈥檓 not too sure, I believe its another big pool with another baby part and separate little pool to lounge in. Reserving loungers: We NEVER had a problem with this. Most days we went down to the pool or beach at 11am and always managed to secure the good loungers (ones that you can change the head levels) and always managed to get a bed. Word of warning, the beds are fowl. They are left out when there are tropical storms, and dry off and people use them so as you can imagine are pretty minging, only use them if you鈥檙e using your towel over them. Of course we went when it was low occupancy and was fantastic. When we were leaving it got very busy and can imagine it being unbearable when it gets like that. Buffet: Only one was open when we were there which I believe was called the Macao (or it may have been Saona 鈥?cant remember!) this was also amazing! Breakfast: Omelette man. Made to order omelettes e.g. onion, cheese, ham, tomato etc. or you could just order fried eggs. Be careful because they cook both sides, so ask if you don鈥檛 like it that way. Also had cooked items such as scrambled eggs, sausages etc. Pancakes, lots of bread selection e.g. pastries, croissants and so on. Also a bar with cereal and yoghurts and a fruit selection. There was also a person who was constantly making freshly made smoothies. E.g. banana, pineapple, mango and papaya (I think) 鈥?they were lovely although rather sickly. There is a fruit machine but it was temperamental, would press apple juice and it would come out as either as it should be, really watered down or just water! Waiters came round as well asking if you wanted tea or coffee. Lunch/Snack bar: Situated near the busy pool, past the bridge. Had food like salads, pasta dishes, cooked meat, hotdogs, paella, popcorn machine, ice cream, freshly made pancakes and deserts. Dinner: Back to the main lobby buffet (Macao/Saona). Had a pasta dude (where the omelette man is at breakfast). 3 types of pasta and lots of choices and a choice of red or white sauce. A man who stood to the right who did carvery 鈥?e.g. one day was a joint of leg of lamb. Also had lots of various foods, soup, fruit section, desserts, and ice cream. Speciality Restaurants: Booking system annoying but never had to queue longer than 5 minutes.  Gourmet - $25 per head apparently served lobster and is good value. We never went because I鈥檓 a veggie, but looked really smart inside and probably worth a go if you like lobster.  Chinese (Jade) 鈥?Very nice. Lovely setting just a shame they couldn鈥檛 understand the order! There were no vegetarian options so I asked for Chinese mushrooms and noodles. And some plain rice. I thought he understood because he said 鈥渘o meat?鈥?when I explained I was a vegetarian. But I got chicken instead! Then I said again what I wanted and got the same minus the vegetables! Then it was down to the water waitress to understand what I wanted, but I still got noodles with vegetables and no mushrooms! And no rice! Apart from this and the waiter spilling a whole jar of water down my partner鈥檚 crotch, the meal was honestly lovely! Well worth going, the meals did look very nice for the meat eaters.  Italian: Lovely. Very large room, which I believe was the snack bar in the day. Shared with the Mexican. Pizza鈥檚 lovely, really large and more than fills you up. Deserts not so good, only2 choices! Creperie: Lovely. Crepe鈥檚 really tasty and moreish if not a bit sickly, desert choices also delicious. Very nice.  Vegetarian (El Vegetal): Oh My God! Awful! Words cant describe how bad this was, bless them they tried but what they described as 鈥榤eatballs鈥?which I took to mean some sort of meat substitute such as Quorn was actually a mushed up ball of chickpeas, it was truly disgusting. I was ill the whole of the next day and so was my partner! Very disappointing. Mexican  Steakhouse: Can鈥檛 comment as we didn鈥檛 manage to get but apparently steakhouse best one, but no choice for Vegetarians. So we didn鈥檛 go.  Bars: 2 in the main lobby, go down stairs and another one. So they are in fact back-to-back. Have a long list of cocktails 鈥?I only had Sirenis Special it鈥檚 beautiful :OPWe did ask for Pernod and lemonade and that鈥檚 exactly what we got. So if you want a particular brand just ask for it. Always had about a 10-minute wait. People can be so rude also; they would walk up and shout until they were served. 3 people did this to me until I got fed up and shouted, 鈥淚 was first there is a queue you know!鈥?Of course they didn鈥檛 speak English but I think they got the jist! Other bars were the sports bar whereby you had to go out of the hotel and stay to the left and it鈥檚 on the left just before the shops. Very basic with a few chairs, limited bar, few board games, 2 鈥榝use ball鈥?tables, 3 pool tables (which we only managed to get one once!) and 2 table tennis tables. There was also a great Internet room, which was air-conditioned and very modern in comparison. Other bars were 2 swim-up bars, one in the snack bar and one next to the disco entrance. So in total, 7 that we knew of. Beach: Lovely. Lots of little huts, but not enough I鈥檇 imagine when it gets full. Lovely sand, lots of space. Water a lovely blue although right near the shore is murky but that鈥檚 due to the sand being kicked up when the waves come in.Smoking: AWFUL. Almost everyone seemed to smoke here, even in the toilet cubicles. Total lack of respect for non-smokers. People even smoked on the beach and all I could ever smell was smoke, it was awful and did ruin my day when that happened. Only way to avoid this is to get a place at the front and scowl at people if the smoke near you, not that it makes a blind bit of difference!Activities: Disappointing. They try and make you buy insurance which is $5 a day or $20 each a week. We found this disgusting to ask this of us. So we ended up only risking it and going on the canoes. Very disappointing. Also stupid system whereby you had to go to the beach at 9am and book to have training on the windsurfing and hobby cats at 9:30 and 10:30am. Really stupid method. Really disappointed that we couldn鈥檛 go windsurfing because we refused to pay the insurance, and they seemed like they would easily pretend you鈥檝e damaged their equipment and you can鈥檛 prove you haven鈥檛. Snorkelling: Brilliant! I normally can鈥檛 go in the sea because I have Eczema, but I had no problems in that department. I think the sea is really mild and not very salty, it鈥檚 fantastic 鈥?so warm! The fish are fascinating and love bread, so nick some from the buffet in the morning as see them swarm to you. Beware of the freaky looking fish with sword type things on the end of their faces! I was swimming alone and they came all around me! About 50 of them! Wont harm you, but are rather scary to say the least! Tips: We only tipped the bellboy and the maid on the first day ($5) but we wish we hadn鈥檛 bothered. We wanted more Sprite and less Coke (because we didn鈥檛 drink it) but we hardly ever got Sprite, so we had to keep nicking it from the trolley when they weren鈥檛 there. Regardless to this the maid was fantastic which I actually believe was a man most of the time. They did an excellent job and twice we got a lovely swan decoration on our bed. Weather: Apparently in may they had 2 days of sunshine and that was it. The day we left hurricane Dennis hit Haiti. But luckily while we were there we had 39掳 in the first week and 38掳 in the second. We were very lucky and with only 1 day of sunbathing managed to get a good tan!Trips: Saona Island, which was a living hell. We paid $80 each, which in my opinion was $80 too much. We were told we had a 1 and a half hour journey that ended up being 4 hours. We were told to be outside for 6:50am and didn鈥檛 get picked up until 7:40am and it was an appallingly shabby mini bus. Which had no end of moths, flies and wasps in oh and a grasshopper to match! I sat with a towel round my body the whole way. It was the worst journey of my life, we actually feared for our lives, we had no seat belts and the potholes were ridiculous. We thought we had arrived, only to be taken to (thankfully) a much better and bigger air-conditioned bus. But this journey was just as bad. Once there were had to walk about 5 minutes to the beach which we had to go on a speedboat for about 2 minutes and then boarded the catamaran. Due to my feeling ill from the journey, I spent the rest of the time lying down feeling like I was going to be sick. Once on the island we had a buffet that was really nice and a few drinks. Managed to look around, and about an hour later had to leave 鈥?it sucked. W went onto a Jet Ski, which was wicked, then stopped off in the sea and held a starfish and looked at random fish floating by, but 5 minutes later we were bundled on the Jet Ski again and taken back. Then we had to endure a horrible journey back, off again and was bundled onto an even smaller mini bus/taxi and taken back to the hotel. NEVER again! We have complained to Thomas Cook.  Manati Park: OH MY GOD!!!!! ABSOLUTLEY FANTASTIC!!!!! :O) The best experience of my life, ever! Costs $25 for the park or $70 each for a swim with dolphins and the park. A bus picks you up outside the hotel at 11:25am. The bus was wicked, it was open type and we sat on the back row holding onto the bars. Although on the way back the woman in front of me had her hat blown off which whacked me right in the eye, when the bus is travelling at 50MPH you鈥檇 expect them to hold onto their hats 鈥?think about people on the back row please!Anyway the place is about an hours drive away. Once there you get your band for the dolphin swim then get assigned a tour guide. You don鈥檛 need to stay with him but he is helpful and gets you to the shows on time. We saw the parrot show, and then the horse show then went to swim with the dolphins! We had to wait until it was our turn, which was good because you got to watch other people have their go and you could watch the dolphins too. We waited around the side and then got in 鈥?8 at a time per go. We got to stroke the dolphins for about 10 minutes. Then we went to the back wall and each person went forward and the dolphin came up and kissed you on the cheek. Then one came back and you held onto its flippers and it took you forwards 鈥?it virtually lifted me out of the air! Then you got a photo opportunity. The experience was amazing and we bought a video of the experience that was $30 鈥?not bad really it will last a lifetime. It is a bit annoying though because they play Bob Marley music over it, I would have liked to keep the sound in, adds to your memories if you ask meAfter that you go and eat which is really reasonable. $5 for a burger, chips and a can of pop. Then it鈥檚 the sea lion and walrus show. You can go up and the seal kisses you, it tickles! The walrus does funny things like doing the Tango with the trainer! You can tell the trainers really care for the animals, our rep tried to advise against going but I think its because they don鈥檛 get commission, they鈥檙e like that. The dolphin show is net which is also brilliant! They do lots of tricks, and then at one point the trainer holds out a card with music notes on and the dolphins sing along! It鈥檚 so sweet!All in all a day I will never forget as long as I live. I need to think up a new dream now! Maybe a parachute jump next?! I think that鈥檚 all! (All breathe a sigh of relief!)For what we paid 拢629 for 2 weeks I think it was worth it. But we wouldn鈥檛 have paid any more than that. I see next year for the same time is 拢850 each which is too steep, you can go to the Iberostar Dominicana for a little bit more which I believe is amazing. Don鈥檛 be mislead, we were told it was a 5* in the South, but its more like a 4* in the East. Although we think ours was better, the salt water is very harsh in the Caribbean; the only notable difference is that the sand is golden in the East and white in the South. But I rather save a bit of money and stay with my golden sand thank you very much!Can鈥檛 think of anything else to add, if people want any info e-mail me on: I-like-cheese@hotmail.co.uk my eyes have gone square and I鈥檓 dying to carry on reading Harry Potter! Have a great holiday at the Sirenis - I know we did!  
<Date>Jul 22, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Relaxation in paradise My boyfriend and I just got back from a week at this resort, and had an absolutely outstanding time. The resort boasts a beautiful beach with gorgeous palm trees and cabanas that provide shade. It鈥檚 outside of punta cana proper, so it鈥檚 very secluded. The pool was great and we enjoyed the fact that there are two swim up bars.We were upgraded to a suite on arrival, and the room was spacious and clean. The d茅cor in the room and the complex overall was pleasant if slightly cheesy, but we weren鈥檛 there for cutting edge interior design so weren鈥檛 bothered.The grounds were lovely and very well maintained 鈥?a tropical paradise with shallow pools, palm trees, and hibiscus growing everywhere.The food was good 鈥?no complaints from either of us. The booking process for the a la carte restaurants was a pain, as you had to line up early to get anything, and by the time dinner rolled around you might not want to go at the reservation time you had picked. The food was good however in the two a la carte restaurants we tried 鈥?the Italian and the creperie.We had no problems with bugs, despite the fact that my boyfriend usually attracts mosquitos in droves. We didn鈥檛 end up using the repellant we鈥檇 brought. A couple I met from Britain had been feeling ill all week, but realized it was their malaria pills rather than the food, when others in their tour taking similar pills were also ill (no one else I met was sick from the food, and we were fine). Given that malaria is not supposed to affect this area of the country, and that malaria pills come along with many unpleasant side effects, I鈥檓 glad I didn鈥檛 get around to buying them before our trip. We were told by our rep not to drink the tap water in the rooms as it isn鈥檛 purified, so we used the bottled water in the mini fridge (it鈥檚 also freely available at the hotel鈥檚 many bars) to brush our teeth and were fine. All the water served in the restaurants, used in ice, or used to wash food and fruit in the hotel is purified and we had no trouble.What impressed us most about this resort, besides the beauty of the beach, was the outstandingly friendly staff. We had wonderful service from our maid, who accommodated our requests for extra water  diet coke in the fridge. Almost all of our servers in the restaurants were outstandingly friendly and helpful. I was also pleasantly surprised to discover how relatively safe the country is, especially compared to many other beach destinations, and especially given how poor the country is. There is security onsite at the resort, but you don鈥檛 have to feel uncomfortable leaving the grounds. It鈥檚 probably best to rent the safety deposit box ($2 per day), which we did, as it gives you peace of mind for valuables.Tips weren鈥檛 expected, however we chose to give $1 each day to the maid and $1 each time we received good service in the restaurants. Tips were always appreciated and greeted with charm and warmth, a much warmer reaction than even a very generous tip would get at home.There are several tennis courts, and there are young boys employed to play with you in case you don鈥檛 have a partner. I used the gym facilities which are small but adequate, and had a tread mill, weights, weight machines, and stationary bikes. Be aware however that the gym is not air conditioned, so it鈥檚 best to plan your workouts for the morning or evening. The adjacent hot tub looked nice, and was very popular, although I didn鈥檛 use it. The massages and facials offered were relatively expensive and given the prices were comparable to home, I didn鈥檛 bother.Our package was with Sunquest, and the onsite Sunquest rep 鈥?Felipe 鈥?was helpful and pleased to provide information about the country. He was also very knowledgeable about Canada, having lived in Toronto for a number of years. I did an excursion to the capital city, Santo Domingo, which I enjoyed very much. It was however best for those who are keen on history and culture, and does involve a long bus ride (3 hours). There were many other excursions available (snorkeling etc.) and I heard lots of positive comments. The excursions are relatively expensive however 鈥?they range from $60-90 for a 陆 or full day.FYI the other guests are mostly Canadian and British, as well as Spanish, French, and German. This hotel doesn't have a contract with a US tour company, so there are very few Americans (although there are many Americans at the 2 hotels 25 minutes in either direction).This resort provided everything we were looking for, and is well suited for couples and families. It is however very quiet at night, so if you are looking to party, this is probably not the place for you. We didn鈥檛 even bother checking out the cheesy on-site disco (El Bonche) where you pay $5 for a drink. There was a small casino which I know others frequented. The evening shows are pretty cheesy. However, relaxation rather than nightlife was our main interest, and this hotel delivered exactly what we wanted 鈥?to relax on the beach in beautiful surroundings. We would definitely consider going back to the Dominican, and would also consider this resort again.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Scoobydoo
<Content>Great time visited here in October 2004 had an excellent time considering it was two weeks after a hurricane the staff had everything up and running and was little sign of any hurricane! Staff excellent. Hotel rooms good if a little dark and damp (although I think most hotel rooms in he Dom Rep may be like this).Food a little repetitive.Would we go back again?? In an instant!  
<Date>Jun 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent I just got back from a week at the Sirenis Tropical Suites with my boyfriend and we both loved it and are ready to go back!!! Hotel: The Hotel grounds are beautiful. Pool: The pool is huge, but beware, most of the pool is 5 feet or deeper, so a little dangerous for small children. 2 pool bars! Food: The food was ''good (I have been to Cuba  Jamaica and prefered this) Obviousley the buffet becomes repetetive, so try the a la carte restaurants. We went to the Italian Pizzaria, the Mexcian and the SteakHouse, all great. Main buffet open 24hrs a day, good for late night snacks. You can make you rsvp for the a la cartes next to the lobby from 8am to noon. Only thing be there for 8pm if you want rsvp that night. Beach: Plenty of beach chairs and lots of shaded areas. Water was clean, sand is brown, not white... Entertainment: Shows were fun, it was the animaters that would put on different shows. Casino was really small and kind of funny compared to Montreals casino. People: Yes most of the staff speaks spanish ONLY so it can be had to communicate. On one night that have to local vendors come in and sell stull, however they will hassel you to buy and the prices are crazy, we were asked for $10 USD for a key chain!!! All in all we had a great relaxing vacation!! Not much to do besides swin and tan, but that is exactly what we were looking for....  
<Date>Jun 22, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hockeymad
<Content>3.5* hotel not 5* Have just returned from a 2 week holiday at the Sirenis Tropical Suites. In my opinion the resort was average, the standard was something I would have expected from a 3.5* hotel not a 5* one. This is based on my expereince of staying at hotels throughout Europe and the Carribean.The resort was very clean and the beach was lovely, although the sun lounger matresses had seen much better days. The food was OK and am pleased to say that none of the family suffered with an upset tummy. The best speciality restuarants were the Steak House and the Italian. There is only one type of beer (Presidente) which is served on draft. You have to ask for international brands of spirits if you want them - even then they may not have them.The entertainment was average - the staff worked long hours and did their best with what they had to work with.If getting married there, be prepared to have everyone by the pool and beach watching the ceremony.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing                More photos  
<Date>Jun 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DA1travller
<Content>Well worth the money We arrived on 05/05/05 for 2 weeks.We found ALL staff to be very freindly and the occasional Ohla went a long way. We don't speak Spanish but always make the effort, after all we were in their country!All the food that we ate at the hotel was of the best quality and pressent well. We ate in 3 of the speciality restaurants, we found them all to be of an excellent standard. Drink was plentiful, with brand names being avaliable upon request. The suite was very comfortable, not the same as a UK or US 5 star hotel, but then we weren't in the UK or US!!, and the room was, after all, somewhere to sleep, not spend most of our holiday, the grounds and location more than made up for it anyway.We went on 2 trips, the Outback Safari  Saona Island.The safari was a real Eye Opener once you start to see how the typical Dommiicans live you cant help but feel humbled by the conditions that they live in.Saona Island was excellent even in the rain! Word of warning, don't be surpriced if you get abandoned in a car park 2 hours from the hotel and have to wait for the big coach to collect you! a bit of a problem when you don't speak Spanish and the drivers dosen't speak English, was a good ice breaker with others on the trip. Beware of the beach BBQ, if you like raw pork then your'll be happy, if you like it cooked stick to other meats that aren't as risky.Tipping, we found that if you tip when you get to the lobby bar you will get served a bit quicker the next time you go up to the bar, only a few dollars but it works.  
<Date>May 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ntirish
<Content>a wonderful getaway This hotel was great I managed to get a room with a view of the ocen . I am from New york and the food is never as good as it is here anywhere I go soi guess i was not looking for too much. he restaurants are a waste of time ...the buffet has good food. The beach was great and the 2 bars at the pool made for a lovely bar to bar swim:)the check in staff seems to be very dis- interested in giving you information.... but the map was good and after one day i had it preety much figured out if you are looking for gourmet food the DR is not the place to go but if you just want to get away from it all a swim in carribean water with plenty of rum this is your place  
<Date>May 18, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>excited_bride_2_b
<Content>lovely hotel but... returned today after getting married there...our holiday started with an 8 hour flight delay with my travel/airtours, we booked the holiday  wedding 10 months in advance and had nothing but problems with airtours from the beginning to end of our holiday,we didnt even have tickets, had to collect them at the airport, no copy of insurance policy and my mum was ill, my brother spent thousands of dollars at the hospital in bavaro because airtours didnt have a fax machine to send a copy to us! il never use them again.the hotel was lovely, beautiful grounds, the swimming pool was amazing, i spent most of my time there when i wasnt rushing around trying to sort my wedding out, that got messed up by airtours too. my wedding coordinator (sorivianny) was great, she sorted most of my problems out for me. we were all upgraded to tropical suites and to be honest, the rooms were ok, clean but nothing special, not that bothered because i dont go on holiday to sit in a room.the hotel staff were mainly friendly apart from some of the reception staff who were quite rude at times.. i.e whenever i had a query or problem i was told it wasnt thier problem. we celebrated 2 birthdays while we were there, the buffet staff were great, made birthday cakes and made a big fuss of the birthday boys, i asked for champagne and was willing to pay the $38 a bottle but yamichel (jaymichael) on customer service gave it to us for free, 4 bottles, i tipped him $30 and he was over the moon. be careful when using your room telephone, you get charged for calls you havent made, my father in law had a bill for $448 !!!! my sister was charged for calls she never made too.there is always something to do at this resort, wether it be laze by the pool or on the beach or use the sports bar or water sports facilities, the spa and gym are good, jacuzzi is free but after my hair disaster on my wedding day and the stylist burning my 2 young bridesmaids heads under the very hot hairdryer i wouldnt recommend the hairdresser! we never ended up getting our honeymoon breakfast, it was promised to us twice, i was begging the lady on the buffet door for food for my 17 month old son as the buffet had closed... i got it in the end but only because my wedding coordinator went nuts about us not getting our breakfast!food... i wouldnt bother with booking restaurants apart from the steak house, its a hard slog waiting in a line for an hour when the food is better in the buffet, more variety but repetative, and be warned, if you have young children there isnt much for them unless they are really unfussy eaters, my 2 children ate fries  bananas for 2 weeks, we were so glad to see chicken nuggets oneday. the breakfast omelettes are nice though.chinese, peking duck was ok but everything else was too salty ( and i like salt ) mexican was bland, creperie the teenagers enjoyed, italian is just the same spaghetti  lasagne you can get at the buffet. the gourmet restaurant is quite nice, my husband had lobster, i had mango  duck, im not sure if id have paid $25 per head, it was part of my wedding package.id have stayed another week if the food was a bit better.disco isnt bad if you like spanish music (i dont mind some) but drinks are pretty expensive, youre better off going to the casino with a few dollars to gamble if you want a late drink, they are free if you are playing tables/machines. the lobby is the only place to drink in the evenings if you arent eating in one of the al a carte restaurants, the buffet only serves beer or wine, and the lobby bars close at midnight. i have mixed reviews about this resort, for the first 7 days we had a lot of stress and problems but that wasnt really the hotels fault, more airtours, the only thing that lets this hotel down is that they dont cater for children in the restaurants and a few of the staff can be rude, i always treat people in the same way i expect to be treated and thought that reception staff were there to help or solve problems....on the whole id rate this a 3* plus, and although it seems in this review that i was unhappy with my holiday, i didnt want to come home.  
<Date>May 10, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Superb hotel located in paradise Please read this if you are going to the Sirenis Tropical Suites.We have just returned from the very best holiday you could ask for!Do not be put off by reading the negative reports, this hotel is spotless, the food is absolutely superb in particular the buffet restaurant.The catermeran trip including speedboat is an absolute must, do not miss this trip. Our Thomas Cook rep David Cox was quite simply excellent.We could quite easily have decided not to book this holiday having read the awful reviews, fortunately we ignored them and thank goodness we did!Please note.Book the VIP lounge for Punta Cana airport, it is air conditioned and well worth paying for, do not miss booking the gourmet restaurant costs $10 but worth every penny ( Huge lobster on menu)  
<Date>May 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>meliketravel
<Content>Meh... THE GOOD- Signature Vacations was good. There were little bonuses by booking through them.- SkyService was good in terms of service, and that there meals were hot and actually tasted decent- weather was great; lots of sunshine! sometimes it was a little too windy so if you like to hang out at the beach, you might end up eating some sand. there was lots of shade by the beach by going under those straw umbrellas- drinks were ok...waiting for barstaff to acknowledge you was incredibly sloooooow- I liked the layout of the room, but we had problems with our closet door - it doesn't make sense that both doors cannot be fully slid open together- food was decent, we went to the steak restaurant and it was ok. i would advise not to go to the asian one - the food looks really simple and boring- resort is generally very clean, and very beautiful at night- beach had blue water and some coral for snorkeling. if you walk slightly beyond the property towards the north side, there's a lot more coral-free areas for swimming- the ride to the resort is long (1 hour) but you get to go through some of their small towns and their farms and see how its like- the shows were ok. i've been to other resorts where they were really creative, so this seemed mediocre in comparison. but the animation staff works crazy hours, so you have to at least admire them for their hard workTHE BAD- service was not very good at all. I've had service at 2* hotels in Canada where they were 10x more attentive- I didn't like how you wouldn't know the hours of the buffet- the guy that was booking the a la carte restaurants was too busy flirting with girls to do his job efficiently. When we went to complain to the concierge, the manager (?) was extremely rude and offensive- even after my vacation, I had no idea where to get fresh towels- on saturday evening, they opened up the resort to the Dominican public. They had a Beach Party, and it was great to see the energy and the show. However, a lot of those people were very rude and kept trying to steal our towels- on that night, the bar closed up early! even if you had your wristband, you couldn't get drinks (and it was stated that there would be 24h drinks!)- the restaurant staff were not very attentive at the buffet: it took them forever to fill our glasses with water and to clear off our used plates- at the disco, some of the staff would try to dance with girls - they did not seem to understand NO and this made it very uncomfortable - the bar at the disco was a cash bar- I did get some mosquito/bug bites (~10), so depending on your itching tolerance, beware- if you didn't speak Spanish, you had a tough time getting help or getting answers- the flea markets that border the hotel property sometimes name outrageous prices. as much as i wanted to help the local economy, i was shocked when they suggested that 6 wooden necklaces would cost me $105 USD - ridiculous! - we were delayed at the airport, so we had to eat there. like all airports, the prices they were charging for food was ridiculous, so make sure you bring water from your hotel with you while you wait for your flight  
<Date>May 2, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>viper9
<Content>Our second visit. We returned to the Sirenis in March having visited in March 2003 and originally scored this 5, excellent. We found that the buffet food had improved slightly with good varation of choice and often pipiing hot as it should be. The themed restaurants were Ok overall, but were a bit hit and miss in regards to portions sizes and the accuracy of the menu descriptions.The premium restaurant which you pay an additional $25 per person for was a BIG disappointment this time round. The food looked like it had come from the buffet and just been re-arranged nicely on the plate( should have had the lobster!).The number of premium brand drinks available had reduced to pretty much zero, it had been possible to order Jack Daniels in 2003, alas no longer.The entertainment was not as good either.The sirenis though is incredibly clean. People are sweeping and washing all day. The pool water quality is monitored twice a day and scrubbed at the waterline daily. Beach barbecues are no longer held as they are very keen to maintain hygiene and food safety standards which cannot be guaranteed outdoors. If you visit the beach gift shops be prepared to be hassled big time and asked for ridiculous amounts of money. You will buy the stuff at 1/5 of the origianl asking price. If you are a chocaholic take some with you, it is very expensive to buy, $6 for a snickers, same applies to sun tan lotion.Overall though the Sirenis is good value for money. What DO people expect for the money that they pay, we paid 拢790 each for 14days. What would that get you in London.One final tip. As a regular sufferer from 'travellers tummy' including my trip in 2003 I have started to avoid salads. The result so far..Dominican Rep, March 2005, Egypt April 2005...no bad stomach  
<Date>Apr 28, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Definetly not 5 star Mixed feelings about this hotel, we were extremely fortunate with our accomodation it being beach front, it would have been unbearable if it was further back towards the main hotel building, couldn't stand the mass of people and the music coming from the plants! as your walk up the boulevard. We had no problems with the staff, very friendly and helpful in fact, try and speak some spanish, it will help. It isn't worth queing up for the various restaurants as the food is just as good if not better in the main restaurants. A lot of the clientale left a lot to be desired, came across some very rude people from my home country, que jumping etc, I suppose thats what comes of staying someplace where the cost is relatively cheap in comparission with the rest of the carribean ( if your english, Butlins springs to mind) The beach although not white coral sand was ok, the water clear blue, the snorkelling was great and it was very hot.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very happy with the Sirenis We stayed at the Sirenis from April 8-15th. We had read the reviews and we were prepared for a few shortcomings, but at the end of it all, we really had no complaints at all. Please bear in mind that this is the perspective of a couple of adults who have both travelled to tropical locales in the past. I think many people have some very North American notions of what a five star hotel should be. You're comparing apples and oranges, so get over it.As other reviews have indicated, it is quite a lengthy trip from the airport to the hotel, about 75 minutes. The road trip in itself is quite an eyeopener as you can see how these people really live. It's a very different world. The resort is very nice. We stayed in the Tropical Suites which I gather are a little larger than the rooms available on the Cocotal side. Other than the difference in rooms, I believe that we all had access to the same amenities.The resort is very large. Our room was in a 2 storey building near the main reception, so we had a little bit of a walk down to the beach/pool area. There are no shuttles on this resort like you might find on others, so be prepared to walk a bit. The room was quite nice: a living room that had a couch, chair, tv on a sideboard that encased a small fridge. The bedroom had a couple of double beds, a dresser and a full wall of closet space that was divided into thirds  2 thirds hanging space and 1 third shelves. The safe was in the closet. The middle door of the closet was a full length mirror which was handy. The bathroom was nicely finished in tile  full tub and lots of space at the end of the tub to either sit, place for your shampoo, etc. The shower worked very well and lots of hot water. They provide you with 2 bath sheets and 2 smaller towels, no facecloths. They also supply you with 2 beach towels, but we brought our own. We also had a small balcony that had a couple of chairs and a little table.I had read in other reviews that people had experienced some difficulty with the outlets. We brought a hairdryer, curling iron, an electric shaver and a small clock for the bedroom (there is no clock provided). Everything worked except the curling iron. If your plug has one prong larger than the other, then it may not fit in their outlets. I was also a little surprised to find out that the resort does not have irons/ironing boards available. So, either bring a small travel iron or be prepared to wear things a little wrinkled. Relax...you're on vacation!!!My boyfriend is an early riser and we got on to the reserve your place routine that you find in so many of these resorts. He would go to the pool/beach and snag a couple of chairs. I'd get ready, we'd have some breakfast, and then we'd go down to the pool. If you bring your own towels, your reservation is clearly evident. Otherwise, you may have to leave something else there to identify your spot as many people use the Sirenis towels supplied. Problem with this is beach towels are large and heavy  take up a fair bit of space in your luggage.We found the food more than adequate. We put in our time in the morning line-ups and made a couple of reservations at the a la carte places, but we quite enjoyed the buffet. They had roast chicken one night, salmon wellington another, roast pork another. Yes, there is some repetition in items available at meals, but we couldn't understand people who stated in reviews that the food was terrible. If you are looking for outstanding food, go on a cruise. We did the trip to Saona Island and that was fantastic. Many people equate Punta Cana with powdery white sand beaches. I believe this is true for areas/resorts that are on the Caribbean side. The Sirenis is on the Atlantic side, and the beach is very nice, but nothing like Saona Island. This was tropical paradise. The day trip cost $80US per adult, but when you take into consideration that this covers the bus trip, a boat ride to the island and back, a buffet meal on the island and all you can drink, this was a good deal. The boat ride to the island was on a speed boat, and we came back on a very large catamaran. The beach was that beautiful, white powder and the water was absolutely turquoise. If you do only one trip, this should be the one.If you are a shopper, be advised that there is very limited shopping available. When we did the day trip to Saona, the bus stopped at a shopping area but I found the selection of merchandise to be very poor. However, I did not go there to shop so this was not a big deal.We were very pleased with the trip and hope that you enjoy the Sirenis as much as we did. Cheers!  
<Date>Apr 25, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Two Weeks of Paradise I really don't know what all these people are complaining about. First off I have worked in several tourist linked jobs and when people come to Canada you expect them to speak our language. Yet, when you go to another country you expect the resort employess to be fluent in English? Guess what, there are people from other countries visiting there too, so do you want them to be fluent in those langauges as well? They do speak several languages, just not fluently. This resort just had a major hurricane come through last season, so they are doing some fixing up, there wasn't a day when I didn't see someone doing work on the grounds. We had are wedding down there and there were a total of 16 of us, no one really wanted to come home. My wife and I were really taken care of, it was unbelievable. If you are thinking about having a wedding somewhere, this would be an excellent choice. The food was excellent, between all of us we managed to make it to all but two a la cartes, not one person complained. The buffet was awesome, they make you omlettes and smoothies on the spot in the morning, and pasta with your desired extras for lunch and dinner. We would definitly reccommend the excursions that we went on, which were the Safari Outback and swimming with sharks and sting rays. Although, we did not see sting rays the trips were amazing and the people were very friendly. As far as the resort people are concerned, if we had a complaint they were quick to jump. For instance, we were talking to one of the guys, and when my wife said Everything is good except, he immediatly jumped and was going to fix it, until he realized that that she was saying ...except, we are leaving today. As far as getting sick, everyone is quick to blame the food, yet they forget they go out in the sun all day and get sunstroke or they take full advantage of the free booze and get sick from that. There were several in our party that got sick, but none of us would blame the food. None of the sicknesses came at the same time, and people were always trying the same foods. Usually they were getting sick after a day of being in the sun without a hat. To further this point we had three paramedics in our party and not one blamed the food for the illnesses. Okay, well now for that white sand I keep hearing about, guess what people, the sand was there a long time before the resort, so don't blame the resort because there is no white sand. If you want white sand there is some beautiful stuff over on the Carribbean side, we went there, but the the beach is packed with resorts and piles of tourists and vendors. Where as our beach was generally quiet with just the people from the resort, and was kept very clean. The employees were always working on the pool, grounds and beach, the place was beautiful. If you do go down and you think the beach on the resort is a mess, just walk down past the shops outside the resort grounds and you can see how ugly it could be. A review would not be complete without mentioning the entertainment. If you wanted, you could be kept busy from about 10am to midnight with all their activities. Also, these complaints about the casino having a couple of machines, there is in fact 20 machines, I counted, honestly how many can you play at once? It was never busy in there. Our party plans to return to this resort as it was an amazing time. However, if you are looking for the Ritz, some fancy meals, and a personal servent that speaks English then maybe you should go to the Ritz. Well thanks for reading and I hoped I helped you.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>disappointing We stayed at this hotel from march 20 till27,05. really disappointing . the food was disgusting. the specialty restaurants were not special. The employees are not that helpful and rarely spoke english. THe sand is not white. We had purchased the upgrade which it a waste of money. We will never go back there. It was not nearly as good as Cuba Or Mexico. A rippoff. Crappy entertainment and bad wine. Really glad to get home.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had A Great Family Vacation After reading some of the negative comments about the hotel ,my wife and I were concerned about going to the Sirenis Tropical Suites with our two children who are 2 and 3 1/2. Although the bus ride was long (yes it is one hour) we were very pleased with the service, meals, cleanliness, beach, pool and activities. We were there from March 17- March 24. The Suites rooms are a definite bonus and worth the extra $150 for the week. You could put the kids down for a nap and do your own thing in the adjoining television room. The cribs for the babies are rather small though. About half the size of a traditional crib you would get in North America. If going with a baby you might want to ask for another comforter to use as the pillow as the plastic one that comes with the crib makes alot of noise. The crib came to our room within five minutes of our request. When we couldn't figure out why the aircondition wasn't working within one of our rooms they were there in five minutes. Hint, the air conditioners work on censors, if the windows, doors or screens aren't shut correctly the air doesn't work. Therefore in our case it was working, we were just incapable of figuring it out. All in all the service from all the people at the resort was excellent. We requested a beach/pool room if one became available and on the second day we were in the room of our desire. Not too many places make that promise and follow through. The food servers and workers were all friendly especially with our two young children. I don't know what the other people are complaining about. Do they just want the workers to be smiliing at all times and be at your beck and call. Be real, they work very hard for peanuts and in the meantime they see some pretty inconsiderate and insensitive tourists. In fact if my family and I had any complaints it was about how some (not many) of the fellow travellers leave litter on the pool deck or beach front when the trash can is two feet away. However, they do a great job keeping on top of the mess these slobs create. Activities ran everyday and they looked pretty good. We didn't manage to take part in many but those that did participate looked like they were having fun. The events ran on an hourly basis. Rooms were cleaned everyday. Two large double beds, lots of space, and a good size separate living room with a T.V and a stalked mini bar with bottled water and pops. Do not drink the tap water as it is not potable. The ice cubes are fine as they are from distilled water. None of us became sick from the water or the food. Not a five star hotel suite like in Toronto but nonetheless as good as your going to get for a four and a half star in a country like the Domenican, Cuba or Nassau. The beach was nice, not the best but still good, it is brown sand and the water is more of a dark blue. The waves were pretty forceful so watch the little ones as it knocks them over. Also watch where you enter the ocean as some areas have coral and it hurts the feet. You will notice where it is as the water is a much darker blue in those spots. The beach is endless. I walked for a full one hour in one direction and still didn't get to the next resort. It is pretty barren out that way and the locals try to get you to go to buy items from their stalls which are about 100 yards inland. They are friendly but I would suggest leaving anything valuable at the resort if you want to do some beach walking. The food was plentiful, there were many interesting dishes. Those people who said the food was awfull and bland must have gone to a different resort because my wife and kidswere always happy with the selections. Fish, poultry and pork dishes were great. Their rice dishes were especiallly good. We only ate at the buffet restaurant and were pleased. We didn't try to reserve anything at the specialty restaurants so we can't comment on them. Tips, try to get suite in the S or T buildings if you want to be by the sea and pool. Leave tips for the people cleaning the room and those serving you at meal time. They only make 50 bucks American a month. If you have gently used clothing, toys, school supplies and make-up for the women it is also appreciated. It truly is a poor country and you will see it on the drive to the Hotel. Bring key Spanish phrases to help you communicate with your room cleaner. The personell at the front all can communicate in English. However, be patient with them they truly try their best to accomadate their guests. Although we took the medication for malaria we did not see one mosquito on the resort and nor did we get bitten by anything else. If you are travelling off the resort it might be wise to take your meds though. 24 hour doctor was just outside the front door of the resort and was very knowledgeable. There is a pharmacy in the same complex if you run out of sunscreen. Put on your suncreen as the sun is quite strong. My daughter and son really loved it. They had so much fun. We would go back again.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous Sirenis Tropical-Punta Cana;March 12-20Kingston, OntatioThis was our very first vacation out of the country. We were a little nervous about the whole experience and even so when we read the reviews. Well let me tell you. We found the resort to be breath-taking. When we arrived we did encounter some problems with our room,however, a temporary solution was in place for the night. Not a big deal, we were glad just to be there. Our suite overlooked the pool and ocean. It was spacious with plenty of closet space and plenty of water and soft drinks in the fridge. We read several reviews about having to get up early to reserve loungers. I was up usually around 6:30 a.m. anyway, therefore I would go by the pool side and reserve 4 loungers by placing our towels from home(easier to distinguish) on them. I would then go get a coffee (with a travel mug I brought from home...a must for your coffee and bar drinks) return to my room and sit on the balcony until my family awoke. The public washrooms were very clean with an attendant readily cleaning them. There were also fresh cut flowers for the women to put in their hair. Be very careful to fully protect yourself from, the sun...my kids both had heatstroke.(bring tylenol and lots of aloe lotion). We purchased several packs of Imodium and peptol bismal for nothing. The employees were very friendly and accomomdating. In conclusion, I would return in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>First and last time we'll visit We stayed at the Serenis Tropical Suites in Punta Cana between Feb. 26 and March 13 and we were quite disappointed with the place. Thank God we went with the other 3 couples. We made most of our fun together.  Given the number of English-speaking Canadians that travel to Punta Cana, we were amazed that no one spoke fluent English. Communicating was extremely difficult and made it hard to order food, drinks and service. The resort promotes that their staff speaks English. If that's true than they sure as heck were not willing to use it or didn't speak it very well.  Most of the staff members around the resort, apart from the entertainment staff, were unfriendly and rarely smiled. The cashiers and dealers at the casino never cracked a smile the whole time we were there. They tried to cheat us on the room arrangements. Our travel agent arranged for us to be in the same building with King size beds, etc. They had us spread all over the place and several of the couples only had double beds. Only after going back to the front and haggling with the staff did we get the correct room arrangements.  The resort advertises International drinks. It wasn't until after 3 days later we finally figured out how to get them. We saw some guy with a VIP band get a Bacardi's instead of Normandy at the swimup bar. When we asked the bartender she told us all the bars keep the International booze under the counter. From then on we had to be insistent each time we asked for an International drink. Even then you had to keep an eye on them. Several times we caught the bartender pouring Normandy even after we insisted on Bacardi or Barcel贸. While trying to use our long distance calling card we were not told there would be a long-distance calling charge to reach the toll-free service provider. The evening before check-out we approached the customer service desk to pay our invoices. We waited 45 minutes to be served. When we finally did get served, we disputed the extra long-distance charge. We were directed to the operator's window where the representative laughed at us and said we had to pay. We went back over to the service desk and requested to speak to a manager. When the manager showed up he offered no retribution or apology for the error.  On a scale of 1 to 10, I would rate the food and restaurant service as a 5. You couldn't even eat between 5pm - 7pm. You had to wait until the buffet restaurant opened at 7pm to have supper. The beach was okay but the sand was a coarse and brown, not the fine, white sand you see at other Punta Cana reosrts. The ponds around the resort would have been nice had they not been so full of algae and crud.  On the positive side, we did enjoy the room, the massage spa and the 7 1/2 foot deep pools. We were pleased to make the acquaintance of a few fun and friendly people, like the bartenders at the casino and main lobby bar as well as a few of the waiters in the buffet restaurant.  Overall we found our stay less than fair. I certainly wouldn't recommend the Serenis Tropical Resort over the Occidental Grand Flamenco. Like I said, we had fun but it was only because we reserved to the fact we couldn't change things and decided to make our own fun. Be careful who you recommend the Serenis to.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2005
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not Good Our family vacationed Oct 25-04 for 1 wk. We haven't vacationed as a family for 1 wk for ten years. We shared this with agent, Sears Travel, and although D.R. was not on our list we were convinced this was a great option. Agent advised Resort was not affected by Hurricane  was open and full service. So off we went.Things gone wrong; Beach sand is not white...it's the colour of the brown sugar you buy at the grocery store. The waters were still disturbed by the Hurricane and therefore upon arrival discovered no watersports available during our week. The water was not tropical in colour not blue...nor green. It was murkey  rough like Lake Ontario. Drinks, no international brands, unless of course you consider Normandy an international brand. No Food btwn 5-7, you would will be waiting in the musty lounge chairs til the dinner buffet is opened. Food was okay....by day 3....if your not an adventurer the pickings are slim. English speaking hard to find.....when they do...it's not willingly or very well. This made an excursion booked thru Hotel difficult to confirm. In the end my husband  son went and myself  daughter came right back to Hotel. No thank you. On my husband  son's return....they said 'You wouldn't of liked it'. It was the ATV excursion 4 hr...nothing was what they suggested. TOPLESS everywhere....even at the poolside where the Hotel posts a sign that says 'No Topless at Poolside'. This they do not enforce. Ponds have lots algae, not pretty. In the end my husband and I arrived home ill...with as per Doctor visit on our return as Food Posioning. We were homebound for 1 wk on return. Investigation has indicated not the Airline........so it must of been Resort. Kid's activities could be better presented...staff should work thru the crowd to encourage  re-cruit. Other than than there is one board tucked away by the Buffet entrance...to fend for self. No encouragement by staff. Nighttime family entertainment not til 10pm...we found too late...1st 1/2 hr.......spanish or fench intro ' blah blah...then show...This is a big gap in time for family with dinner over by 8ish. As well pools were closed at 6pm, so no evening swims........We had probably six power failures with 2 being related to storm.We are still working with a complaint seeking compensation with Sears Travel.........but so far still no resolve. Their first letter  second resposne see no fault and actually invite to do it again. Both responses have been incomplete, so I now have to spend more time dwelling on this miserable vacation. A vacation we wish never happened.All this said I think it was just a bad week.....and otherwise some may find a much different experience. But sadly for us , this much needed trip turned into a nightmare. No fond memories for us. If anyone can write a review and confirm any of my experience it would assist in our complaint. Thx and hope your travels are fabulours!  
<Date>Mar 16, 2005
<Rating>2	3	5	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Its Out of This World!!! I stayed at the sirenis tropical suites with my partner from 23rd Feb until 10th March. We are both in our early 20s and we though the hotel was amazing!!! It spoils you rotten. Its my first time to the carribean and i thought the place was totally stunning. The beaches, hotel and the staff couldnt have been any nicer. I felt like i was walking about dreaming for the 2 weeks i was there.The flight from manchester was 9hours which went in ok. There was 2 meals and plenty entertainment videos etc. I got abit of a shock when i got of the plane in Punta Cana there no building its just a straw hut for the airport. The ride to the hotel was the only thing i can complain about regarding the holiday its very bumpy ride. The bus is fairly comfortable though.The sirenis hotel is amazing i cant find a complaint to tell you about it from the moment we arrive to the moment we left we were treated like royality. We got of the bus and our suitcases were taking into our hotel and to our room, we were handed a drink as soon as walking in and the place just looks fab!!!The rooms are lovely, very spacious, we had a lovely cleaner who made towel swans. There is a mini fride stocked with coke, sprite and water. There is aircontioning which is great!!The food is out of this world. There is 8 resturants. They are all great the only one i didnt try was seafood but the rest were 1st class. There is such a selection and anybody who says diffrently about the food needs their taste buds sorted because its amazing!!! I put on 8lbs when i was away for 2wks so it must have been good. I went on 2 trips the outback safari and manati park. They were both really good my favourite was manati park because i got to swim with dolphins which is something i had always wanted to do. They were both very good though the safari makes you realise how lucky you are and just shows you what a luxuary hotel you are staying in when you go to the typical dominican home.Honestly if you are booked up to go to the hotel you cant be dissapointed. The hotel is gorgeous, foods amazing, entertainment is good (casino,singers, show and plenty bars with very friendly bar men you get good banter with) the weather was great and you just cant fault it. If youve booked this hotel dont worry about the bad reviews because i did. This is an honest opinion its great and you will really really love it!!! So look forward to it because im booked to go back next year and cant wait!!Take care all.xx  
<Date>Mar 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great "Get away from it all"       entrance  
<Date>Mar 11, 2005
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>GoFromGan
<Content>Something for everyone !       Beach  
<Date>Mar 9, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel but not 5 stars We stayed at this hotel from February 28th to March 7th. We are a couple with our 6 year old son.Good thing about this hotel Beach is very nice and you can walk long time at the beachPool is big and great and quite cleanFood (Buffet restaurdnt is good) has lots of varietyHotel site is very beautiful and clean Bad thing about this hotelFood in theme restaurant is terrible (go to buffet restaurant)Very nice to walk at the beach if you are not bothered with all kind of vendors (dominicans) who wants to sell you something. however they are polite but they insist. this is very bothering since they are always after you.When we arrived, there was no bed for my son, we asked 3-4 times for a bed. they brought a little bed but they forgot linens. we had to call many many times. Service is poor at the receptionhousemiad forgot everyday something, one day soap, one day bottle of water, other day toweles. The day that we left couple of $ everything was perfect but the day after she forgot again towels.If you want to get beach or pool hut, you have to get up early , everybody reserves it very very early in the morning. once I got up at 6h30 to get one hut on the beach or pool but in my bug surprise everything was reserved.We had a good vacation but we will not return to this hotelThaksjano  
<Date>Mar 9, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Burnsie_8
<Content>Sirenis with Kids....Great! I have just returned from a week @ the Sirenis Tropical Suites with my family. After reading reviews on this property I felt it was necessary to post a review upon my return. We are a family of 5, an infant of 21 months, a 5 year old, a 4 year old and 2 seasoned travelling parents.Family notes:The suites side of the property is well suited for families and there were alot in evidence there the week of our trip. The North end of the freeform pool was where we predominently spent our time. This side of the pool was away from the animation/action side (opposite side). There are alot of shade huts but you are close to the rear of the restaurant service area as you go to the washrooms so try to stick to the ocean side of this area if you are picking a hut.Plan for an afternoon snack as the buffet restarants only open @ 7:00 pm and the earliest you can book an a'la'carte resturant is @ 6:30 pm. There were always enough highchairs when we chose to eat and the staff is excellent with the kids.Staff notes:Tip early in your trip, but be sure to check when the staff are finished their shift as they are on 11 days then off 3. Tipping is certainly appreciated although all staff we encountered were friendly and polite and willing to communicate. A little Spanish is also appreciated so print off a sheet of Spanish phrases and practice on the flight. Facilities notes:The pool is similar on both ends and has a gradual entry that is perfect for kids. The pool closes @ 6:00 pm each night and is chlorinated and they are busy cleaning the following morning. Didn't make it to the disco, casino or much else for that matter, check other reviews for that stuff.Room notes:Suite rooms are clean and have ample room. The safe is located in a large wall of storage in the bedroom. There was more than enough room for clothing and bags for a family of 5. The a/c was ice cold if you wanted it that way. A nice balcony is accessable from a patio door in the bedroom or a glass door in the living space. The bathroom was clean and fully tiled with a great shower and low bathtub for the kids. Water from the taps was unpurified so don't drink it. The plugs/electricity was the same as home although the sockets are deep so plugging in a laptop or other type of transformer might be difficult. The mini bar only contained water and pop but was refilled each day. The tv remote worked and there was about 8-10 english channels to choose from including HBO and Disney for the kids. The a/c and all power is controlled by a gadget beside the main door and you need to leave a cardkey in it for the power to operate. We chose to leave our 2nd cardkey in it for the whole stay so that the room was always cool when we returned from the days activities.Beach notes:You can walk the beach for 1/2 hr in either direction without seeing another resort. Sand is not power but the kids thought is was great for making sandcastles. There is a small roped off area for swimming. Be careful when swimming outside of the area because there are lots of coral mixed in with sandbars. The surf was always fairly rough and the wind was appreciated although the flags were more yellow than green during our stay. There are flea markets on either side of the resort just at the boundaries.Kids club notes:Our kids did not go to the club all the time but they did go a few mornings and afternoons. There is always a board by the buffet resturant on the Tropical side that says what the club will be doing each day but be advised that they tend to change what they do on a whim. We would typically check the board but would always check with the club staff to see what was up for the day. Take your childs birth certificate on the first day you go as the staff verify the childs age when they first sign up. The club also puts on various shows with the kids after dinner so sometimes the activities of the day where focused on what the evening show would be and practising for the show. I know our kids enjoyed being in the mini fashion show but I think they were a little bored practising for it all afternoon. All in all our kids enjoyed themselves when they went to the club and they loved the counsellors that ran it.Food notes: The property is clean and you can always see someone cleaning or working on the grounds.Other notes:Take small bills for tipping with you! You will have a difficult time finding change and even changing travellers checks. I ended up chasing the bellman down a couple of afternoons and he would give me some $1 bills for my larger bills.Tip early in your trip but check when the staff are leaving for their off shift.Do not leave towels out at night as they will be collected up, get up early and play the towel game like everyone else.Tip your waiter in the a'la'carte resturant and he might let you order from the opposite resturant.Leave a cardkey in the pad to keep your room cool all day.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>awfull services We arrived at midnight to this hotel with a four month baby. We asked for a baby bed six times. We have been waiting for two hours, nobody came. We were so tired that we prefered to sleep.The day after we called four times to repair the tv. They arrived in the afternoon. We had a water leakage in our bath room, so when we were sitting on the toilets we had some woter drops on our heads. I told that to the room mate, to the housekeeper, to the reception. They didn't care at all. They were always laughing. They didn't even propose us to change our room until the end of our stay.At the end of our trip, I called the reception to ask someone to take our lugages. We were leaving in one hour. I called four times. At the fourth time, and 40 minutes passed, he asked if we are leaving tonight or tomorrow morning. I took our lugages by myself finally. This doesn'l look like a four or five star hotel. I am working in parisian hotel business and if we do like them, we will have no customer.They have a serious managment problem. Inside the infrastructure is quiet good and the food is convenient.  We were in room G208 tropical side from 4 to 11 feb 2005.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>decklover
<Content>Relax and Enjoy My husband and I stayed at this resort Feb 3 - 17th and did exactly what we set out to do - sit on the beach and soak up the sun. The room was very nice and comfortable (bldg. L 3rd floor) with a magnificent view of the ocean from our balcony. The buffet restaurant had a wide variety of food choices and serving staff paid a lot of attention to all the guests. We did not like the Steakhouse-beef very tough-otherwise would give the food a good overall rating. I would recommend heading out to the beach to reserve a Reclining lounger on your way to breakfast otherwise you may have to settle for one that does not recline. You can take lovely long walks on the beach on either side of the resort and cool off in the ocean along the way. Take an insulated mug for your beach beverages (Tim Horton's worked great for us). The common sitting area in the Lounge is a great place to relax, sip drinks, and meet people from all over the world. We discovered that this resort is on the Atlantic side and therefore the water is rougher and more wind than on the Caribbean side. We walked down to Secrets resort and you could not even go into the ocean there-huge waves. If you are a 'pool' person you will fall in love with the breathtaking pool area at this resort. All and all We would not hesitate to recommend this place to our friends.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Jonathan Lowther
<Content>Fine! Stayed at the Sirenis for a week in January 2005. Overall everything was fine - rooms were spacious and clean, staff were polite and helpful, pool areas were great - didn't have any problem getting sunbeds and a parasol, and we weren't getting up at 7am to reserve one!, food was good - nothing brilliant but reasonable quality and a good variety (omelettes and smoothies at breakfast were great!) the themed restaurants were a change from the buffet restaurant, but again nothing spectacular. The only criticism was the ridiculous system for booking the themed restaurants - very slow and frustrating! Transfer took an hour from the airport in a taxi - don't know how long it would have taken in a coach if you were stopping at other resorts as well. Overall, couldn't really expect more for less than 拢500 all inclusive for a week!!   
<Date>Feb 10, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Run  We vacationed at this Hotel Jan 9 - 16 2005. If you are booked at this hotel and are expecting 4+ star you are in for a surprise. Run now and book a new destination. The hotel front staff has had to be the worst I have ever had the pleasure of meeting. They pretend ot they do not speak English. When was the last time you went on vacation anywhere with a 4 plus rating that did not have alarm clocks in the room. This hotel has none so you rely on the front desk. Well guess what you miss your ride to the air port, they don't call you. When was the last time you went on vacation and had to get up at 5am to save a beach chair by chain locking it up or you did not get one. We had to daily ask for towels, toilet paper. We ended up with getting sick from the food or water or both 4 days into the trip and had to stay close to the bathroom or else. RUN NOW. Also if you booked to fly with Sky Service you better think again. They don't know what service is try and get a glass of pop or water. You ask several times it never comes the flight attendants are to busy selling duty free.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2005
<Rating>1	2	3	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bearable in the right company We just returned from our trip to Punta Cana about a week ago. We stayed at the Sirenis Tropical Suites from Jan 09-Jan 16. Neither of us had ever been to the dominican before or even an all inclusive resort. So we didn't really know what to expect when we arrived. Here are some things we found a little disappointing:-read reviews about towels being folded into animals...not in our room:(-electrical outlets were not compatable with North American...wasted $3 US on an adapter purchased at the resort gift shop (and it didn't work!)-no alarm clock-half a bottle of sprite in the fridge and no bottle opener (for the unopened bottles)-$13 to rent the key to the safe in the room-staff not extremely helpful. The bartenders seemed to ignore us every time we went to the bar (except at one of the swim-up bars)-water was very rough. recommend the southern side of the island seen on the Saona Island trip-for a la carte dinner reservations only allowed to make 2/week--unless you are willing to flirt with the male staff-no wash cloths-went with signature vacations and bus to the airport for our departure was 2 hours late. When we arrived we had a half an hour to get our boarding passes, go through sercurity etc. Signature reps were not efficient in getting us a new bus as well they did seem very apologetic On the bright-side-food was good...highly recommend the vegetarian a la carte restaurant-pool was very nice-room cleanand most importantly great company:) With everything considered we would not recommend this resort but if you are already booked, if you are going with a great group of people you will have a enjoyable time!Thank you for reading our review!  
<Date>Jan 26, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Flossy
<Content>We're already re-booked       the four of us  
<Date>Jan 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent trip!! I travelled to the Sirenis Tropical Suites with my husband and 2 children, aged 10 and 14 - we stayed for two weeks, starting Dec. 9th. I used to be a travel agent, and have had the opportunity to travel widely in the Caribbean - this was our second trip to the Dominican. We stayed on the south side of the island before, and it was great too. I loved this resort!! I was a bit nervous when I read some of the reviews, but we had a great time! It's certainly the best resort for families that I have come across in my travel career. Be prepared for a long ride to the resort, but the roads are nowhere near as bad as folks have made out in previous reviews. It's rural, folks! You're not travelling on a 4 lane highway - thank goodness!! It's a great opportunity to see the real Dominican - how people live and work. Pretty neat, actually!The pool is stellar!! The best we have had at any resort we've ever visited!! Absolutely huge - lots of shallow areas for sunbathing, a pyramid complete with fountain in the middle of the deep, that you can sit upon, bridges, shady areas, super areas for doing lengths, jacuzzis, kids areas - just excellent!!The food was indeed bland, but I never heard of ANYONE getting sick - unlike most trips to Mexico and other places. Breakfast is good, and the made to order omlettes and smoothies were a hit with my family. The a la carte restaurants offered great meals - we enjoyed them, and booked as many meals there as we could. We didn't seem to have any problems reserving, and the resort was full when we were there. The only real complaint we had about the food was that the lunch buffet at the snack bars never varied - it was exactly the same, day after day for the entire two weeks we were there. Got a bit boring.The bartending is superb at this resort! Very, very friendly bartenders who get around in many languages - excellent!! And the lobby bar is really one of the highlights of the resort! It's a big area with loads and loads of seating, where you can sit with your kids and have a cocktail before dinner (alcoholic or non). A great place to meet people and just hang out! We spent a lot of time there. They have entertainment there most nights too - live music, a piano bar, a karaoke evening. All good fun!The rooms were very, very clean and comfortable. We liked the suites because of the living room - nice to have the extra space.The beach. We are avid snorkelers, and were a wee bit disappointed in this area. It's an extremely safe beach, with a great roped off area for swimming that does NOT receive the big waves. Perfect for kids! One of the safest we've been to. The sand is groomed and lovely!! Lots of huts and palm trees. And the beach is amazing for folks who like to walk. You can walk for at least 20 minutes in each direction before you come to another hotel. There is nothing but palm trees and a few little shops along the way - absolutely fantastic for walking. We really enjoyed that! (You will be hassled by the odd vendor who will try to convince you to come and shop in their store along the beach - they're quite aggressive and you just need to give them a firm no and they'll leave you alone). As for the snorkeling, there is just a bit too much sand being churned up to have really good visibility, at least anywhere close to shore. There's lots of fish there, but you can't see them really clearly. We were pleased to see big schools of needle fish - really pretty! Snorkelling was better on the south side of the island. The water is a lovely green in this area (not turquoise), and this is a really nice, natural beach. We really enjoyed it! The water and sand were very clean!The one MUST DO in my opinion, is the trip to Saona Island. I've taken side trips in virtually every destination I've visited, and this is hands-down THE best side-trip I've ever done!! It is long, and it is pricey, but absolutely, absolutely worth it!!! You take a coach ride for approx. 2 hours through the hills and valleys, through sugar cane fields, and through the historic town of Higuey - all really neat to see. Then you arrive in the Bayahibe area on the Caribbean coast and board a gorgeous catamaran for a leisurely ride out to the island. Saona is reputed to be one of the world's Top 10 beaches and I believe it! It's like something out of the South Pacific. Amazing!!! Turquoise, turquoise water, snow white sand, and beautiful low palm trees. A natural paradise. It's a national park and is clean and pristine. They serve you a great lunch under cabanas, right out on the sand (try the grilled fish - really good!), there is an open bar, and the snorkeling was great. On the way back, they take you by speedboat which is a riot! Then they stop at a natural pool, way off shore, and you can snorkel for starfish - FANTASTIC!! They even serve you drinks out in the ocean there! The staff is unreal - loads of fun!! I cannot recommend this trip enough!! If you only take one, I'd do this one!!One last thing about the Sirenis. The staff is horribly underpaid! These people are poor, and they travel long distances to come to work. They work 20 days on and 3 days off, and some of our staff even had that time off cancelled (last minute) so they missed Christmas with their own families. We were told that most staff earns $1 USD per day. (It seems the bartenders are paid a bit better, and earn approx. $140 USD per month). Still awful!! Don't be afraid to tip, people!!! A dollar or two go a long, long way with these folks!! We found that the staff were just delighted with a small tip, and they really work hard! Also, we took one suitcase down with gently used kids clothes, some school supplies, and some toiletry items. We had absolutely no problem finding people who really needed these things. They were just so surprised and delighted to have these gifts. We took everything in one extra suitcase, and then used that suitcase to take home souvenirs that we purchased in the Dominican.We never met a single American at the resort - it's primarily Canadians and Brits - the Brits were GREAT!! Very polite and a lot of fun!Weddings!! We saw 3 while we were there. This resort seems very, very organized when it comes to weddings. Everything seemed to run really smoothly, and they have a gazebo out by the beach for the ceremonies. The photographer walks around the stunning grounds with the bride and groom and snaps photos - also out on the beach. The people we spoke to who got married there were very happy with the service they received. Take US $ with you - really important!! And if you intend to tip (which I hope you do!) take a bunch of small bills with you just for that purpose!Oh, and the internet access is excellent. You can purchase an access card at the desk for $6 US, which gives you 30 minutes of internet ($10 US for 1 hour).DON'T shop at the stores at the entrance to the resort - total rip off, as others have noted! Ridiculous!! $7.50 US for a small bag of chips. Don't bother!! All in all, a great resort!! Super staff, good food, lots of fun!! We'd go back!!  
<Date>Jan 12, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>good 4star hotel, but...before you go you should know... We just return from our trip the 08/01/2005. Very clean hotel, food was good, beach was very rough.The big problem was finding the deck-chair on the beach or by the pool. Sometimes, when you put the towel on the chair, it might get stolen by some ridiculess tourists and then you have to pay 15 u$ per towel, so be carefull!!! About moscitos... iI have never seen any, but my son got bitten 8 times.Dont warry, just take your medication and enjoi the trip.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No second time around. As I read the wonderful 4  5 star reviews, I wondered which Sirenis Cocotal they had stayed at. Not the one I stayed at Dec 17-24, 2004.I have never written a review before, but felt so disappointed with this hotel that I feel compelled to share my experiences. This was my 5th trip to the Dominican--I have stayed in Puerto Plata, Juan Dolio and Punta Cana so I do have some knowledge of the resorts there.I will list my disappointments first: the food was terrible and I am not a picky eater. Other people to whom I spoke while I was there were kinder and gentler in their criticisms, such as, The food here is a challenge, isn't it?. The beach buffets were the worst. I never went through the hassle of trying to book the premium restaurants as every morning there were l-o-n-g lines. Of all the other resorts I have visited in DR, this was the worst food--canned corn? Everything was grey in a grey sauce. Fortunately, I could load up on the wonderful bread and rolls and cheese at breakfast in the morning. I felt the hotel was trying to save money by offering such insultingingly bad food of the lowest cost and quality. And who was in charge of the kitchen? Has the manager never experienced good food. Sorry, to go on so long about this, but it was a bad experience that blindsided me.I've always scoffed at people who run to the beach first thing in the morning and lay down their towels. But after two days of not being able to get a palapa (I am very fair and have to stay in the shade) or find enough shade from the very trimmed palm trees, I, too, became one of those people I hate--one reason is that there are not enough beach lounges with adjustable backs so that one can sit upright and read or just watch the passing scene. There are many, many flat lounges w/o adjustable backs and most poeple did not want them, but had to have something to sit on.Never went into the ocean although I love it. It kicked up dirty water around the beach. I prefer the South Punta Cana's turquoise waters and sugar beaches.Hotel shops: License to rob. The outlets at the Sirenis would not accommodate my US plugs--so I had to buy a converter at the mini-mart. Cost? $8.00 US. Fuhgedaboudit.Tennis. I went my first afternoon there. I am a single traveler and travel alone. I always go to the tennis pro and ask if they can set me up with doubles (I am 73 years old with a 3.5 rating). At all other Dominican resorts, they have been so helpful--setting up games with other guests or bringing in tennis players from the community--and each day I would give the pro $20 US because I appreciated his efforts so much and to share with the other players, if local. The Sirenis pro said no, they don't do doubles there and he showed no inclination to help out. He assigned me to play singles with a young woman who had not played for a year and did not know how to keep score and he told me she would be my partner for a week. Lucky for me I met a woman and her husband who set up some doubles for a couple of nights. And that was the end of my tennis attempts. Too bad--the pro could have earned an extra $120 just by being helpful to a tennis-loving guest.Distance from airport and everything else: an hour and a half because of stopping at a couple of other hotels on the way--but still, way too long. I have taken tours on my other trips and would have taken a tour this time but when it takes 1 1/2 - 2 hours just to get to a bus to take one to the boat to go to Saona--that's a waste of time. Next time I will stay at a place 10 minutes from the Punta Cana airport.Punta Cana Airport: The world's most disorganized airport.Casino: this should be called a casinette. It had one roulette wheel, one poker table and one blackjack table. The all-female staff must have been taught to treat the clientele as suspected criminals, as they frowned at everyone all the time and looked at us all suspiciously. But it helped pass the time. Words of praise: All the Dominican staff--waiters, housekeeping, groundskeepers--were the best. They work long, long hours and get paid very little. My housekeeping person, named Sonia, took excellent care of me and kept the room spotless. All my contacts with the Dominican staff were pleasant and I was much impressed with their smiles and warmth.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location and resort We stayed at Sirenis Tropical Suites for 2 weeks from the 2nd December 2004 and had a really relaxing break. The entire resort is very well maintained - including the beach. Food and drinks are freely available in either beach side locations or main restaurants. Depending on your tastes, the food tended to be somewhat bland but perhaps that's what most visiotors wanted. The breakfast omelette chef and smoothie makers deserve gold medals for their patience in dealing with guests in a wide variety of languages. A good selection of foods for breakfast - the best meal in our opinion. Lunches were also good, if a touch predictable, - available at beach side or main buffet restaurant. Desserts and meat were the weakest section on the menu. We found that some of the Canadians wouldn't eat the beef because it's not grain fed like it as at home. Being British, we generally loved the flavour (like our beef used to be) but it was a little tough. As you travel around the island, you see free-range cattle everywhere. Lamb and to a lesser degree chicken were not quite as well represented. The pork, however, was superb. If there is a roast, make sure you don't miss it. It was also rather nice to sip cocktails at any time of day after breakfast. Another good point is the bar staff were really good at dealing with eccentric people like us and provided milk for us to take to our rooms every night because we like to drink a glass before going to bed (settles the stomach for the next round of cocktails following day).We were not aware on booking that the hotel is divided into 2 sections - the tropical suites offering a suite of rooms and Cocotal offering en-suite bedrooms. It did not matter really - great place to be anyway. people with children may prefer the suite just because it's more space and the suites are in smaller 2 floor blocks rather than larger 3 floor.The staff were really good fun and teased the guests (nicely). There is a fair amount of varied entertainment at the hotel including aqua aerobics, keep fit, Spanish lessons, dance lessons for the Merengue, etc. Your holiday can be as peaceful or busy as you want it to be. The majority of guests seemed to be from Canada (and we discovered that we really like Canadians), the ones we met were friendly and outgoing, the next largest contingent was British, then a collection of other nationalities including Polish, Czech, Spanish. If Louise and Howard read this - greetings, we really enjoyed your company.Late evening entertainment includes performances at the outdoor theatre, casino, bar singers. People mingled well and there was always someone to talk to. The kids club appeared to be brilliant and well organised. We watched a performance of Aladdin put on by the kids and enjoyed it. We would like to take our grandchildren next time based on what we saw of the kids club. There are shallow areas of pool and children's pools but no lifeguard on duty so you do have to monitor your own children. Parts of the pool are very deep. Watersports like snorkelling and kayaks are free - and staff are helpful. There is a spa with pay for massage and pampering but at 80 dollars per hour was a bit more expensive than we would pay at home.If you're planning on going on any trips - we went on the Monster Truck trip which was extremely interesting and memorable - we saw cockfighting arena (demo without blades, and yes we did tell the guide that we didn't approve of that in the UK), a voodoo witch doctor, local homes and school (take school supplies for the children or books in Spanish - the tour company is funding a library). Some airlines allow for you to take extra baggage free if its for charitable causes. We also went on the shopping Bonanza which offered a greater choice of goods but again main items seem to be piantings, stone artefacts, jewellery (much cheaper in departure lounge at Punta Cana although limited choice), rum, cigars, and knick knacks. The departure staff at check in were very strict on weight - we were 3 kg over and they wanted $10 per kg. We also had several bottles of water with us because you hjave to be at the airport 3 hours before your flight which we offered to ditch but they weren't interested in the water and waived the charge.Overall, lovely location with a good climate; it was generally around 80 degrees which is comfortable. Great beach, pleasant polite staff, we'd return. Good value for money at the resort. Traders try to get you to pay extortionate prices - just buy your rum, cigars, vanilla etc at the airport. Postcards took about 5 weeks to arrive back so not worth sending.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great family resort Sirenis Tropical Suites is a great family resort. We just got back from a week in the sun punctuated by a some spectacular rain storms (can't help the rain). We had a great time!Sirentis is one of a few hotels dotting the shoreline about an hour from Punta Cana. The Dominican Republic has an interesting approach to road costruction that ensures that you will have plenty of time to see the countryside on the way to the hotel. Our bus guides were helpful and enthusiastic. Note: very few of the staff are truly fluent in English so a little Spanish and a little French (for the Hatian staff) will go a long way.The staff are polite and helpful, particuarly the fantastic crew of bartenders in the pyramide bar in the central foyer. Try the caiperenas (basically a glass of limes in white rum - sort of a dominican Martini).There are two sides to the resort - the Sirenis Cocotal and the Serenis Tropical. Cococtal is more traditional hotel rooms. Tropical is suites ranig from one bedroom (bedroom, bathroom and living room with a balcony) to multi-room suites for large groups. Each balcony has two doors from the bedroom and the living room. Many of the living room doors are stuck shut. If you request it, however, they will come and install a handle. It is well worth it. The pool goes on forever with great kiddie pools at either end and good snacking restaurants on either side for lunch. The pool buffets are packed full of fish and seafood as well as pork and chicken. I found the beef to be a little tough most of the time. It is easy to eat well at this resort.The beach is spectacular but not the best for very little kids due to the pounding waves from the atlantic. This is not the calm Carribean shore, which is both good and bad. The waves will be a ton of fun for older kids with great swimming areas set up to keep things safe. For teenagers and adults there are surf catamarans and surf kayaks waiting at your disposal. Snorkelling is not very compelling due to the surf conditions. The wind off the atlantic keeps even the hottest day comfortable. With a beach like this, moonlit walks are a must. Fortunately, babysitting is affordable and reliable. The going rate is $10 USD per hour. While expensive compared to regular dominican incomes, the women who do this are among the friendliest and most outgoing of the hostess staff. Ask for 'Noemi', she is warm, friendly and very responsible. Be considerate in your hours, these ladies will be up again at 5am preparing for breakfast.Do not shop in the official shops near the driveway of the hotel. They are WAY overpriced. However there is a good medical clinic there and, if you are lucky, you may see the three peacocks that hang around the shops for some reason. The real shopping is to the left and right of the hotel along the beach. The prices you are quoted are WAY overpriced here too but extremely negotiable. You should expect to pay between half and a third of the quoted price.Great activities - horse riding on the beach - this is not a trail ride. Instead, the tour will adjust to your ability. I had a spectacular tour up the beach by myself sometimes at a full gallop. Beginners were taken on a more trailish ride. Remember to tip the guides since they don't receive the money paid for the horses. I heard the four wheelers are great too!Take the Soama Island catamaran trip to the caribean side of the island. It's worth every penny.There are a few things that this hotel could still improve on. The a la carte reservation system is a hoax. The very first morning or afternoon if you can, tip the guy at the reservation desk and ask to make bookings all through the week. Amazingly, space becomes available. If this isn't your speed though, don't worry, the food at the buffet is great too. Service at the restaurants can be spotty. The kids club for 4 to 6 year olds is really just babysitting and was hardly used . Lots of activities for 7 to 10 year olds, though. The bars at the hotel are concentrated around the main lobby bars. This makes it convenient to bump into your buddies but it gets a bit crowded near the bar. Later on the disco opens and the party really begins.Overall, you should have a great trip.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely a 5 star hotel We spent 1 week Dec 18 to Dec 25 at the Sirenis Tropical Suites and I must say what an absolute beautiful resort it is. You have everything you need there, no need to go elsewhere. Most of the staff was wonderful and very friendly. The Bartenders were the best, and the drinks are amazing especially the Sirenis special. The food there was incredible with a variety of different food. The entertainment was also very enjoyable, bring some mosquito repellent though. The rooms were beautiful with 3 rooms, bedroom, living room and bathroom. Pool was huge, and neverending. Lot of activities happening at the pool. I found the aqua fitness and the merengue classes very enjoyable. The beach was beautiful with all those coconut trees and beach huts (which i never had a chance of laying under), you had to be at the beach at 7:00 to even get a hut. For souvenirs i recomment the gift shop by the beach called Nicole's gift shop. Great bargains and very nice lady there Lina braided my daughters hair for an excellent price.Do I recommend this place to anyone, absolutely. You will not regret it. If I ever go back to Punta Cana, i will definitely go back to the Sirenis Tropical Suites Resort.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great!! Sorry, I'm a french-speaking girl, so my English isn't really good. I went to the sirenie tropical suites at the beinnig of septembre 2004...yep...with the hurricanes, but don't worry the weather was great at this time. I enjoyed my trip in dominican republic at this hotel...It's such a beautiful place and I will return anytime!!Tout m'a pl没 dans cet h么tel c'est r茅ellement incroyable! J,en garde de merveilleux souvenirs!  
<Date>Dec 18, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>My review...... I returned last week from 2 weeks at the Sirenis Tropical Suites, so thought I would write my own review after reading some of the others and being worried about what I would find!!The flight from Manchester was on time, and geting through Punta Cana airport was easy and stress free. Check in at the resort was quick and our room/suite was large and clean.The beach was nice, with lots of cabana's (is that the right word?) and beds. Unfortunately the sea wasn't much good for snorkelling simply due to the fact that it was quite choppy sand was being churned up constantly. The Hobie Cat's were good fun, although be careful you don't get ripped off - when we went to enquire about them at the beach hut, we were told we had to pay $5 insurance in case we damaged the boat, although when we actually did go to take one out, there was no mention of insurance (quite rightly seeing as we were all inclusive!), so think someone was trying to pull a fast one there.I never found the pool or pool area to be dirty, although it is to be expected that there will be a few empty glasses around by the end of the day.The grounds are very well kept - never a blade of grass out of place. The outside pool/pond things didn't smell at all, although looked a bit boring for the fish!!The food was okay - nothing special, but you're not going to starve. The omlettes were good at breakfast, and the banana milkshakes were delicious.It was a bit of a hassle trying to book the other restaurants, and to be honest I did find the Guest Services staff fairly arrogant and a bit rude, but it certainly didn't ruin the holiday.We had nice meals at the themed restaurants - we tried the Mexican, Italian, Chinese and Steakhouse and don't have complaints about any of them.The shows left a bit to be desired, so we only saw one, but we went to the Casino most nights which was a good laugh and stayed open til 3. We didn't try the disco, but from speaking to other people, we're glad we didn't bother as they said it was tiny, with terrible music, and you had to pay for your drinks.If you're drinking alcoholic cocktails such as Pina Colada's and Daquiri's, remember to specify that you want them with alcohol when you order, as they tend to make them without unless you ask.There is a gym, which has a stepper and a bike and quite a few free weights, and the spa looked nice, but we never went in.We went on the Saona Island trip - the island was beautiful, but be warned if your rep tells you it takes an hour to get to the place where you meet the boat - it takes TWO hours on a coach, and then there was quite a bit of waiting around to get on the boat.We also went quad biking, but found the people at either end of the beach to be about half the price of the people that sold it from within the hotel. It was really good fun - we went to a natural lagoon, and to Mackay (sp) beach, and through loads of countryside, and it cost $50 for 2 people for 2 1/2 hours which was very reasonable. We went with the vendors at the watersports end of the beach.We also went to Manati Park (there is a free bus that runs from the hotel). It's quite small, and you only really need a couple of hours there. We found that everyone went to the same shows at the same time, and then sort of carried on round the park in the same direction. We went the opposite direction to everybody else which was much better, as the zookeepers will let you go into the enclosures with he birds, iguanas etc if you're in a small group (tip them a dollar or something). We were also allowed to go into the stables, and wandered round for about half an hour with one of the stable hands telling us as much as he could about the horses, in broken english.One thing I would say is that I found it suprising at how little english a lot of the staff could speak. I'm not one of these people that thinks all countries should go out of their way to speak English or anything like that, but seeing as the resort catered for mostly English speaking guests, it was very hard to communicate with about 75% of the staff.So all in all, it was a nice resort - not 5 star, perhaps a 4 star. But the negative things I've commented on will not ruin your holiday, so if you can get a good deal, give it a try, although if I went back to the Dominican, I would definately pay extra to stay on the Carribean side of the island, purely for the snorkelling and swimming.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gerridee
<Content>A lovely place, beautiful beach We spent 2 weeks here from Nov 11-24th 2004. All we did was relax by the pool and walk on the beautiful near deserted beach. If you're into getting involved and socialising there were games near the pool, a packed lobby bar (with nightly entertainment), a small casino, disco etc., but we went for RR, which we got. The Junior Suite was a good size with 2 rooms - bedroom and sitting area, a bathroom and balcony. Great view of the ocean from where we were and close to the pool/beach. Our room had 2 double beds which we pushed together. Staff were excellent all round, grounds were kept clean (but ponds could do with some work), food was good, did I mention how great the beach was. Never got sick from the food/drink - I think people who go on about this tend to perhaps imbibe a bit too freely. We only had a couple of cocktails for the entire fortnight - we liked the Sirenis Special - a orange based, coconut milk cocktail similar to a Pina Colada. Weather was good on average temperatures of 28-30 degrees (minus a couple of tropical showers here and there and one full day of rain) - sure beats the cold and perrenial grey sky over London. The resort wasn't full when we arrived but was by the time we left. Never felt crowded in the least. There were many French Canadians, Spanish, French and a few UK guests. Not much English is spoken so if you don't speak Spanish, take along a Spanish dictionary/phrase book - it helps. There were a few shops at the front of the hotel compound and shacks on the beach selling paintings, wraps, touristy knick-nacks. Expensive but bargaining expected. A very nice resort, great for families or couples.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>very nice place After just having returned on sat dec 4thI can give you a fairly current review. The hotel and grounds are beautiful and our suite was more than suitable. It was kept very clean and well stocked for the week-we did have problems with our patio and closet doors which we did mention but they did'nt get fixed( but we also did'nt pursue it very much.) The restaurants were good overall-some items not so good but no big deal, always alot of choice so you should be able to find something. The mexican, creperie, italian are excellent and the seafood and steakhouse are just okay, we did'nt get to the chinese or vegetarian but were told that they were quite good by other guests. The buffets are fairly good but some items can be just average. The thing we were most impressed with was infact the entertainment in the evenings-we found it quite enjoyable and they do quite a good job compared to any other resort I've been to.The lobby is also quite nice in the evening, just to relax or socialize and they also have some entertainment which was'nt too bad. The service was good and mostly very friendly people at the front desk and the bartenders are so nice and experts at their jobs. The only thing that I wouldn't recommend is the day trip to sanoa island. Unfortunately it isn't worth $80us per person, it is overcrowded and could be so much better. It is a 2hour drive frome the hotel on very bad roads and the only drinks they serve for the day are rumcoke and beer or water. No rum punch or tropical drinks and you are crowded onto the catamaran like a herd of cattle! This is'nt anything to do with the resort though but I just thought I should mention it.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AliciaStevenson
<Content>A thorough review Would I recommend this resort to a friend or stay there again? NO. However, let me start off by saying that my vacation was excellent and that the resort, while questionable, did not result in a ruined vacation. I write this review, my first ever, as an honest heads up to those people considering this resort.1. The pool and beach were excellent and very clean. There was no problem with the pool water as reviews had suggested. I saw them cleaning the pool once in the morning and usually at night. The beach is clean and free of garbage. Although it is important to mention that this side of the island has rougher water compared to bayahibe and the more caribbean locations. The only problem with the pool was the lack of chairs and cushions... you need to be up and staking out your claim on a chair before 6 am to get a spot with an umbrella and cushions.2. The rooms were clean, well stocked and the maid was excellent. Our towels were always fresh and the bed turned down at night.3. The food was definitely a big question mark on this vacation. Breakfast was usually good with decent variety in the buffet. Buffet for lunch and dinner was definitely dependant on the day, good or really bad. The theme restaurants usually had very good food ( I highly recommend the Creperie and Italian) but there is very little description of the food so you take your chances on what is coming. The biggest disappointment with food was the snack bar... you can only eat so many bland fries and burgers.By the way if your from Canada and used to Alberta beef stay away from meat dishes as they are VERY well cooked to kill bacteria because of different food standards in the DR. Steak only comes well done.4. THIS RESORT IS EXTREMELY FAR AWAY FROM EVERYTHING. Trust me the map on your brochure isn't exactly accurate. The resort is next to 'Secrets and nothing else. This will mean very long bus rides to and from the airport as well as any exursions you may take. Usually excursions involve transportation on an open air truck and this can be a very long ride if it starts to rain and the roads suck (trust me, every road has potholes the size of craters). This also means expensive taxi rides to go into the nearest town to shop or look around.5. Because the resort is isolated you have to rely on on-resort entertainment. The night shows are terrible (think junior plays with less set design and plot). So if you don't do the disco or casino bring a book and a good friend to keep you entertained.6. It should also be noted that the Suites and Cocotal sides are not really separate. Both resorts are really just one separated by a long sidewalk and some scummy pools (something to watch out for when stumbling to the room after too much free booze). They share all the same facilities so the only real difference is price. I recommend that if you do want to stay at this resort to choose the Cocotal side as it is cheaper and you get almost the exact same product. Side note: I higly recommend the Outback Safari and Saona Island tours. They were both excellent and very well run. The scuba tours are also great.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>some awful staff Have just arrived home on thursday 11th November from the Tropical Suites.Let me say at the outset, the Tropical Suites are beautiful, lovely large clean pool, beautifull location. The food was lovely, bars well stocked and there were plenty of sunbeds. The weather; well what can I say? about 30c every day, with just a couple of tropical storms thrown in for good measure. This should have been a wonderful holiday. However the whole experience was completely spoiled by the very bad customer service that we recieved at the hands of the majority of the sirenis staff. 'Pig ignorant' is a phrase that springs to mind, and where do I start? On one occasion we requested a table in the 'smoking' area for my companion. We were seated on what I considered to be the border between the smoking and the non-smoking tables, however since all theother smoking tables were occupied I figured that this must be correct, and the waitress even brought us an ash tray. Imagine the scene then when my companion who was enjoying her cigarette, was approached by another waitress who snatched the cigarette out of here hand, took the ash tray and told us that she couldn't smoke at that table! My companion was not even given the opportunity to put it out herself ( which I might add she was more than happy to do).It would probably kill some of these staff to raise a smile for the guests, and they do absolutley nothing to make the atmosphere a happy one. Add to this the queing up at the reception desk to be served, by the only one member of staff that seems to be working, while the other four staff that are there stand and look on at the que. Its an outrageous standard of customer service; one that we would never get away with offering in England.I have to say that we saw on numerous occasions that spanish speaking tourists and the French Canadians ( what .. do they tip better?) taking preference for service at the bar by certain bar staff, and the English would be left to wait. It sometimes taking almost 1/2 hour to be served a drink. Add to this the fact that although the annimation team obviously do a good job during the day, they make the disco in the evening into nothing more than a 'shagfest'. Beware of taking naive teenagers there!On the day of departure a gentelman that was travelling with us on the same flight home, was met at the reception by the Doctor who said that this man and his family would not be allowed to leave the resort until they had paid his $75 that the doctor said he owed. Even though with the Thomas Cook tour rep present they phoned the insurance company to confirm that they had settled the account, the doctor still insisted that he have his money and created such a scene that the gentleman had no other choice than to pay a bill that he protested he didn't owe. Beware of the doctor service at this resort!! They are out 'shaft' the tourist!So like I said at the outset, what should have been a lovley holiday was marred, and has certainly left a certain impression with me of what the Domincan people are like. Yes you live in a beautiful country, but they need reminding that we 'pay' for priviledge of being there. Sirenis Hotels needs to retrain all of their staff at Sirenis Cocotal and Sirenis Tropical Suites in expected standards of customer service! They need to remember that the tourists bring money and with that they bring jobs! No tourists = No Money and no jobs!  
<Date>Nov 15, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Abbey
<Content>Loved it! Spent one week at this resort last November and loved it! When we were arrived we were greeted with smiling faces and a welcome drink! Our room was very nice and clean, was convenient having the fridge with some water and pop in it. The pool was very nice as well, very clean and a perfect temperature. The grounds themselves were beautiful and well taken care of. There were ducks with mohawks, turtles and flamingos in a pond near the lobby which were always nice to look at. Some people have commented that the little ponds along the walk way smelled but I didn't notice it at all. There isn't a lot to do at night if you're looking for excitement but we were there to relax! We spent most of our evenings in the lobby, some nights they had piano bar which was nice. Went to the disco once as well which was small and not very busy but we had a good time. Another night went to the casino over at Secrets Excellence which was fun. I didn't find any problems with the food, the specialty resteraunts weren't any better than the buffet, only difference being you order from a menu and get served. We had no problems making reservations at the specialty resteraunts. The beach was nice and well taken care of. The ocean wasn't as clear as I had seen in some pictures in brochures but I think it was because it was rough for a few days and the sand had been kicked up. Took 2 day trips, the marinarium and the park where you swim with the dolphins (can't remember the name), the marinarium was awesome! Swimming with the dolphins was also fun and there are some neat animals in the park. (Both are about an hour drive) I didn't find any of the staff to be rude at all.One more thing, bring bug spray, if you're near the beach at night or at the shows, the bugs will get you! The hotel had run our of spray and didn't get any while we were there so we had to just deal with it. Overall, great vacation, highly recommend it, I would definately return!!  
<Date>Nov 2, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Deal Loved the resort, clean, awsome pool, the beach and the coral reef was very nice for feeding the fish or just looking. Staff freindly had fridge in room with water and pop. If you leave a tip or items for the maid they'll give you extra towels, drinks etc. for your room. Only problems was bus ride to resort almost made me sick to my stumach. Too many pot holes. Would love to have gone back this year but went to Peurta Plata instead not as nice.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lollib
<Content>loved it Having just returned from Sirenis on Saturday i have to say it was a wrench to leave such a wonderful place but good to be able to look forward to eating again!!All in all i would say this hotel is worth its 4 stars although the plus or half is pushing it a bit!! and having read earlier reviews before i went i was getting a little worried as they seemed ti be quite negative, i was worrying about nothing!! The plane journey was a breeze we went via Halifax, Nova Scotia which although i heard some others complaining about it i thought was great cos it meant we got to get off and stretch our legs for an hour or so and buy some Canadian sweets on the way back! Yum!!The transfer from the airport, we flew into La Romana with Zoom Airlines, to the hotel was no problem a bit bumpy but come on its a 3rd world country what else can you expect? We got to see Higuey on the way to the hotel which was quite interesting, after and hour and 50 minutes we arrived at the hotel. CHECK-IN: check in went smoothly and we were handed out drinks as we stood waiting, after pointing out our bags to the porter we made our way down to our rooms which were in the Tropical suites side of the hotel.ACCOMMODATION: Our rooms were lovely and we had no problems at all, apart from being a bit thick and not being able to figure out how the ceiling fan worked! doh!!STAFF: what can we say...wow!! The staff were amazing we couldn't find fault with anyone, they are all soooo friendly and cheerful. We had a few favorite waiters one of whom i think thought he was doing me a favor when he gave me 151 and lemonade rather that normal rum, not sure that was a good thing though!!! That stuff is like rocket fuel!! My tongue has just recovered a week later!!! I have to say try the Banana Daiquiri's and Sirenis Especial yum yum! Our Chambermaid (who was actually a guy) was great!! He knew we liked normal Coke best so we got more of that than any other drink, and there were a few days where we had flowers in the bathroom and our towels folded into swans! All i can say to some of the other people who have entered reviews is that all the staff we spoke to spoke better english than most tourists Spanish which is after all their national language and why should they be expected to learn English just for our comfort when its not exactly an Ivy League education system is it? and half of the country arent even literate! Also there are a few of the staff who speak French and Italian as well, how many people can say that they can even say hello my name is.... in more than one language? BEACH  POOL: I think we definitely went at the right time of year as we had no problems getting loungers even without getting up at 6 to go down with the towels, we even managed to get loungers in the shade. The pool is clean and on the one occasion that someone had a complaint it was dealt with promptlyFOOD: This was the most disappointing part of the holiday, the nicest thing i can say is that they try their best with no experience if western cooking, we tried the mexican and italian a la carte's and they were both disgusting. At the lunchtime buffet there was always a great choice the burgers are great and the crepes are to die for!!!The evening buffet was ok the vegetable rice's were delicious being a local staple, the chips and pizzas were great but unless you are quite adventurous the beef/goat dishes leave a lot to be desired a bit more chicken on the menu would have been great. Needless to say at the end of 2 weeks we were looking forward to some home cooking! Like i said they do try their best and the food is beautifully presented with bread crocodiles and melon birds etc! And some people would do well to remember that hello it's a BUFFET, this does mean help yourself!!!! TRIPS: We only went on 2 of the possible trips but both were out of this world, Saona Island is a must, you travel out on a speedboat or catamaran and come back on the other, halfway there in what seems to be the middle of the ocean the boat stops and you are all told to jump out the water is no more than chest deep and is crystal clear and turquoise blue, there are giant starfish which makes and excellent picture starfish in one hand Cuba Libre in the other!! After a bit you get back on the boat and sail on to a tropical paradise, pure white sand and the same crystal clear water, heaven!!! The other trip we went on was the marinarium.....wow! Swimming with sharks and Manta Rays, i being not the strongest of swimmers was petrified at first but soon got over it with the wonder or having these amazing creatures swimming about at your feet its breathtaking and a once in a lifetime experience!!!We had an amazing time and despite the food, which is pretty typical for the Dom Rep going by previous trips we wouldn't hesitate to go back!!I have already posted this in the Cocotal reviews but it was actually theTropical side i stayed in!  
<Date>Oct 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JoeandKaren
<Content>You Get What You Pay for We spent the first week in August at the resort. We had not planned a trip but we got a heck of a deal out of Toronto. The bus ride from the airport to the resort takes about 1 hr 15 minutes,( you would think that maybe part of the departure tax we all pay could help improve this countries roadways??)On a coach bus, very comfortable.Check in was done on the Sirenis Cocatal side .The Tropical Suites and the Cocatal share one large lobby.We have previously stayed 4 times at the Iberostar Bavaro, and must admit we have been spoiled there. The Sirenis in our opinion is 3 1/2 to 4 star at best, where we feel the Iberostar is a true 5 plus star resort (IMHO).The resort could use use some work around the grounds. The long ponds that line the walkway from the lobby to the pools / beach need painting and especially cleaning. They really smelled.Another disappointing thing was that there was NO CERVEZA in the mini fridge in the rooms. Not important to some but is to us. When your 7-year-old passes out at 8:00 PM it's nice to have some beer on your deck. We ended up having to buy beer at a small beach bar. Another problem was that on weekends 5 to 6 bus loads from Santo Domingo come for weekend packages, and the pools and swim up bars get crazy, crowded, nuts.Plastic cups all over and IN the pool. Nothing against the locals, but the staff could a better job of policing the rowdy kids and folks.We had a great room with ocean/pool views, very close to the beach and pools. If not for the nice room for the 7 days we would have been really upset. Building N, room 106.Room service tried to charge us $95 USD for 2 bottles of Rum that we got at the store for $8.00 US. The guy kept lowering his price until I got really PO'd and told him to leave. Every time we asked for a price in US dollars there were all over the board as far as a conversion. We felt as if everyone was trying to take advantage.Food was OK, nothing special, but the buffets are air-conditioned. The specialty restaurants by the lobby are actually small rooms seating 20 or so directly off the buffets. The 2 pool buffets are converted into 2 specialty restaurants at night. It was difficult to get reservations as they only let you make one at a time(Ridiculous).Great weather for the week made up for all the bad things, but asked if we would return we give a big NO.Feel free to e-mail with any questions and link to our pictures.In closing as we said we have been spoiled with the Iberostar, and at the Sirenis.You get what you pay for, and it sure as heck beat the heck out of the summer weather we DID NOT have here in Upstate New York.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SPECIALK2
<Content>No worries       on route to Saona  
<Date>Sep 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sunshine all the way! Wasn't quite sure what to expect of a 5 star rated hotel in this area..Worry not...maybe not 5 star but hey..to these guys it's probably a lot more!! We encountered friendly,happy,smiling faces everywhere we went..resteraunts,beach,hotel lobby,nightclub,everywhere happy people! The one and only thing which I could complain about(if I had to complain about something) is the traders on the beach front who don't seem to understand that you don't always want to look and buy from their shops,in fact most of the time I just wanted to walk the length of the beach (if that was possible).I felt nothing but admiration for the locals who seem to be able to switch from Spanish to German to French to English at the drop of a hat (and we like to think we are educated).The sun shone the full time of our holiday (1st 2 weeks in August) and even though Florida suffered their first hurricane during that time we were totally unaffected. The hotel was big, well looked after gardens,plenty of staff around, lots of things to do during the day rather than just lying on the beach. Lots of organised trips to go on (if you wanted to pay extra),Buffets rather busy at all times, we got on alright though we did book quite a few meals at the a la carte. Mexican was nice, steakhouse passable, Chinese a disappointment and the Italian was rubbish.But all in all considering no extra money for a la carte the standard was good. We only spent money on tips as everything else was included in holiday, we spent a lot of time in the sea taking advantage of the free kayaks,snorkels,sailboards and catamarans.as well as find refuge from the burning sun, the beach parasols they had were lovely but they were always claimed and none became available from about 6.30a.m. until 4p.m.!! So take plenty of suncream, hats and tshirts to save your skin getting a hole burned in it ..Cos...believe me it Was That HOT!!! All in all a good value holiday which we all loved and would jump at the chance to go back again. In fact my 3(girls aged 10,11,12) reckoned it was better than Florida!!! I defy you not to come back saying Looky Looky or Catastrophic!  
<Date>Sep 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Grandma..Mummy  Wow!! Just got back last night and have to say that we had an amazing time. I don't know how people could write a bad review of this place. Everything was fantastic. The road was bumpy Yes! but it was also quite fun! The weather is always beautiful and hot...even during the scare of the hurricane, the weather held out. The rooms were really clean and we had clean sheets and towels every day. The bar fridge was always stocked. None of us got sick from the food, in fact the food was excellent. Every day at every meal there was a fantastic choices of different things to eat. Adults and kids had the pick of many great tasting foods from all different cultures including the dominican dishes. They had traditional dishes at every meal. The pool and the beach were kept clean. Yes the swim up bar is great. All of us had many drinks there. They have amazing different drinks for kids and my daughter must have tried them all. We always managed to get a sun chair in the shade there. Never a problem with that. All the staff work very hard and I found them to be extremely friendly. What ever you wanted they would run and get for you. They are always smiling and saying Hola. Even the gardeners and the painters painting the buildings and rethatching the roofs. The place is really well kept and as I said really friendly. We had a great time...Loved it, and would definately recommend this place to anybody. If you are on your honeymoon as I have read in other reviews, why would you pick a hotel that has kids there in the first place? Family's and couples alike you will all have a great time at the Sirenis!!  
<Date>Sep 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mitchy45
<Content>fantastic tropical suites (paradise)               More photos  
<Date>Aug 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a brill time I have just returned 24th August from the Sirenis Cocotal, with my husband, 2 kids aged 9 and 6. We had a good flight to La Romana airport. When you land you then had to queue up outside the airport to get your pay your $10 dollars each person and fill in your temp visa, this was a bit of a nightmare everybody trying to scramble for pens and tables to fill them in. Then came the bus ride to the complex. The bus was air conditioned bus was only small and the roads are horrific, the journey took 1hr and 45 mins which I will tell you was hell you felt every bump and by the time we got to the complex I felt ill. We were greated with a fruit drink and checked in quite quickly. You could of got the bellboy's to take your luggage to the room but my husband and I carried them ourselves.The rooms are quite big ours had 2 double beds and a single in. It was very clean and nicely air conditioned. The maid came every day but sometimes she didnt stock the fridge but my husband would go to the stock room at the end of the floor and get what we needed. We also had a knock at the door at 8.30 am by the maid which some mornings was not welcome. We had clean sheets and towels most days.There is food 24 hours a day if you want it. The buffet restaurant was excellent, plenty of dishes to choose from. We did use the themed restaurants which were also excellent. The only complaint that I had would be that you had to wait for drinks too long in the restaurants, they always brought you fresh water straight away but you had to wait for any other drink. The pool was fantastic with the swim up bar which my kids loved. You could easily get sunbeds but struggled for parasols, if you got up early 7ish you could have got one, we later found out towards the end of the holiday if you tipped the guy in the towel hut at least $20 he would get you your beds and parasol everyday. The beach was beautiful and we went snorkelling which was great. My kids went in the kids club, but it was repetitive and my 9 year old got bored the 6 six year old enjoyed it more. The reps were great girls and were brill with the kids.The entertainment at night is quite repetivite also there are a group of dancers (good ones) which do routines most nights. There is alot of different nationalities so I understand that it is difficult to entertain everybody, but it could do with a couple of professinal shows per week. The animation team were very hard working. There was something to do all day if you wanted and it wasnt pushed in your face if you didnt want to take part.We did 2 trips the outback safari and the marinarium which were both fantastic. I would definately reccommend the marine one you went snorkelling with sharks and rays. A little scary when a shark swam under you but it was worth it.The weather was fantastic we did have a few showers which were quite heavy mostly at night and the ones in the day lasted for 10mins and then it was red hot again.We had a brilliant time and would reccommend this complex to anyone thinking of booking in the south of the Dominican republic.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>WHAT A NIGHTMARE!!!!!! Where to start? The hotel itself actually has potential for being a nice establishment. It is quite large and has ample space to sit and relax with family and friends. But once you have an encounter with a staff member, ANY stafff member, you come face to face with nothing but unpleasentry, rudeness, sarcasm and lack of common curtesy. The staff is extremely unfriendly and I can count on one hand how many smiling faces I was greated with during my two week stay. As far as the food goes, well that is a whole new chapter. People, keep your loved ones away! I got food poisoning and had to be rushed to a doctor right away (not to mention my out-of-pocket expense). It just is not edible! The general appearence of the grounds can be appealing, if you're walking around at night. You walk by fountains and lights and hear music playing in the background. In the day time, the filth and dirt can not be disguised. The grounds look like they have not been cleaned in months. The pool is so dirty that in my 2 week stay I could not bring myself to enter it once! I will never go back there as I will never recommend this resort to anyone I hold dear. Don't bother to complain to the staff or management. Half the time they pretend not to understand you and the other half, they just ignore your concerns. WORST RESORT EVER!!!!  
<Date>Aug 25, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>angie
<Content>great place wonderful holiday Just got back from this lovely hotel o4/08/2004, stayed on the Tropical Suites side room L04 . The flight there was great 8 and 1/2 hours no delays, arrived at punta cana airport at about 3 thirty in the afternoon and went straight to the bus for the ride to the hotel, it was very bumpy and the driver drove brilliantly we were nearly hit by a huge petrol tanker and the driver had to swerve into the very edge of the road it missed us by inches and scared us all. When we arrived at the hotel we checked in very quickly and were offerered a fruit drink straight away which was lovely, the room a good size and very clean. The beach is brilliant and went snorkelling most days, the pool was massive and clean, we always got a lounger even though it was the busiest time. the food here was always good we ate at the buffet most days and had no problems getting a table for 4, also went to the steak house one night which was ok. We had no compaints about the staff all were very friendly and one waiter called frank in buffet always liked my sons spiky hair and made jokes every day ,the lads on the main bar at rececption were always making songs up in spanish which were always funny . in our room we always had lots of towels and when we tipped the maid one day she put flowers on the beds and made it look even better , the shows at night were always good and entertaining. If you go on a excersion go on the out back safari, marinarium and the saona island trips they were brilliant (the only thing on seona island take flip flops there is a bit of coral when going in the sea which hurt are feet ) apart from that these trips are well worth the money. Overall we had a brilliant time at sirennis and would go back for two weeks next time .  
<Date>Aug 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay Away!!! Let's start by the good sides: rooms are nice and clean, the beach is not bad. Beside that, What a terrible hotel!! The service is not only inexistent but rude and lazzy, Food is simply uneatable (even in the thematic restaurants!!), the swimming pool could be nice (big and nice shape) but is so dirty that you really don't wanna go in there (especially near the bar), the sand of the beach is nice and the color of the water ok, but there are so many rocks that you better not forget to take your bandages with you, and finally be ready to get bored to death after 9pm (all you can do is go to the casino.....). Let's sum it up: avoid the hotel!! walk a little bit further on the beach and you'll find a nice and isolated spot with a nice restaurant... it's the only way to save your vacations...  
<Date>Aug 17, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the beach The Tropical suites rooms were excellent.The food is very bad for Vegeterians.We went on three nights vacation.Could not reserve for any meals.All booked till we left.Only the manager could help us.Rest of staff very unhelpful.remote did not work.Signature vacation rep .Karl also could not do much.The beach is very nice.Calm water not too many waves.Not much activity .No entertainment whatsoever.The little that was there was not upto the five star rating.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good vacation for the money. Great place to vacation. Plenty of food to choose from, some you may like, some you may not. Can snorkel from the beach area. People are more friendly and helpful than in Cancun. The Bavaro safari runner trip into the countryside will open your eyes as to how good you have it. If you go on this trip bring items from your dollar stores (pencils, markers, coloring books) for gifts for these children and watch their reactions. Beach and pool area topless.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>melissa_laguna_mar
<Content>sirenis trpoical paradise sirenis tropical and cocotal beach resort is a huge slice of paradise i have no complaints at all the only thing i would say is if you are going to the dominican republic BOOK INTO THIS HOTEL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Aug 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous My husband and I went to the Dominican for one week on June 19th, 2004, and stayed at Sirenis Troical. It was amazing. The one bedroom hotel suite was fabulous, I could do cartwheels in the living room. The suite was lovely. The maid service if you did not tip the first day, you would lose all your flowers on yur towels (big deal) I thought it would be ok to tip after we left, but they did not think the same way. The beach was ok, very rough sand, and very hard to find a chair with shade this time of year. The food was excellent. The entertainment not the best, but not the worst. The staff were very friendly. When you arrive onto the resort the name of the hotel clearly states this is a five star. It is not a five star. I have been to five stars and this property though amazingly clean, needs to work on food. The a la catres are catered for everyone. I would definitly recoomend this resort.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hatguytoronto
<Content>Not a 4+ Star Resort If you think you are going to go to the Sirenis Tropical Suites Resort and expect top presentation, great food  great service, think again! Forgetting the bumpy bus ride to the resort (about an hour from the airport along pothole roads) as most resorts will have some sort of bus ride, the Sirenis needs an upgrade too. The Tropical Suites  the Cocotal Resort are actually the same resort which makes this place that much bigger. The walkway from the main reception/buffet building down towards the pool  beach (right through the middle of the resort) are planks of rotting wood and cracked cement with ponds/streams/fountains in the middle filled with dirty water and probably sick fish (lots of algae)! The rooms are spacious but there was mildew in the showers, broken showerheads  cracked tiles. As like the other comments I have read, the maid service is good if you are good to them. The beach we found to be pretty dirty and pretty crowded. If you want a good chair (with cushion), or just some shade, you need to get up pretty early to reserve your spot (no later than 7am I was told). The water was nice though, especially for snorkelling, but be careful of all the coral in the area. The pool area was nice too but almost impossible again to find a chair after 7am. The swim up bars were nice touch but lots of kids in the area if you plan on sitting there.As for the food...the buffets were pretty poor quality and you would be lucky if most of it was warm. At peak times, good luck getting a table! The variety was also lacking, especially at the 2 pool snackbars. Always the same stuff. The themed restaurants were great but getting a reservation to one was not an easy chore either.Overall, we did have a nice time because the weather was fantastic and we went on a few excursions to keep us busy but we were very dissapointed in the class of this resort. We actually rated this resort as a possible 3-star resort.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Place lovely - hotel dissapointing This was the fourth time we have spent our holiday in the Dominican Republic. We love the people, the tranquility and escape from our hectic lives Sadly for us, this hotel turned out to be a disappointment. A good choice of restaurants, but these lacked atmosphere. I still can't understand why the steak house and the French restaurant shared the same 'premises'. On a number of occasions, both buffet restaurants were obviously short staffed. There were many instances were we didn't have knives and forks and when we went and asked the waiter he told us he didn't have any! I'm not sure what he thought we could do. In fairness, the staff were rushed off their feet. My advice to anyone who decides to go there would be to visit the buffet restaurant at the latest 7.45p.m. in order to avoid the rush hour! We found it best to get our own drinks from the bar and take them with us into the restaurant, as five or six times we wern't offered any with our meal - again, due to the fact the staff were so busy, clearing and setting tables. Generally, the food was fine. Also a fairly good snack bar.I was disappointed with the beach. It needed to accomodate guests from the sister hotel (Sirenis Cocatel) as well and subsequenlty was more crowded than we have been used to in the past. Beach huts were provided, but if you wanted one of these you needed to go down to the beach at 6a.m. to claim one or you wouldn't stand a chance. Also, the first week there was a shortage of sunbeds. There wasn't any natural shade from palm trees as these were continually cut back. My husbands' comment was - 'They look like toilet brushes!' If you have children you need to be aware that there were four dogs roaming about the beach. I suspect they belonged to local people but one was a cross rottweiller and obviously more rottweiller than cross. The dogs did seem to be friendly but I couldn't help but be very concerned as there were alot of children on the beach. We did see one of the dogs relieving itself on itself someones beach towel. After that we complained to our holiday rep.The sand under the beach huts was not as clean as we've had in the past. One day I collected a cupful of cigarette ends (this wasn't unusual), a toy soldier, a felt tip pen and eight straws!!!!!!!!!!!. The tide doesn't come in as far as the huts and so there isn't any natural cleansing. Needless to say, people should clear their own rubbish but sadly they don't. I don't smoke and so I didn't find this very nice. Maybe the hotel could consider providing rubbish bags for people to put their rubbish in although plenty opf rubbish bins were provided on the beach itself. If not, then the hotel needs to be responsible for raking the sand daily, although its a shame that people can't be more considerate. It could consider putting polite notices in each 'hut' asking people to care about the environment.The accomodation was good but it was spoiled by the fact our patio door didn't lock and the covers were missing off all but one of our electrical sockets!! THe cable from the TV wouldn't reach the socket and so they had removed the cover and pulled the cable out of the wall. The covers were hanging on the cable, making it look like a charm bracelet. We reported this but it wasn't fixed before we left. If children are to share your room beware of simlar problems. We had very few complimentory toiletries. Over the two weeks we had six soaps, four shampoos and one shower gel. Not bad you might think, Only I didn't take shower gel with me as I intended to buy it there,. Wrong!!! The shop has VERY limited toiletries and nothing at all in the way of medical supplies. In fact it has very little of anything. So make sure you take pain killers and plenty of provision for that holiday tummy! There is a medical centre there but our rep told us it was $60 dollars for a consultation and then you will be charged for medication. Check you holiday insurance - your treatment for that holiday tunmmy could be very expensive. I never did get any shower gel! There are about four other shops there selling clothes, cigars and crafts but you will get around them in five minutes - again very little stock.The entertainment was very good. A choice of a show - the usual Dominican themes and also a piano bar in the lobby at night. This was excellent. There is also a very good reasonably priced internet access. Technology is here at its best - you can get a newspaper from your own country printed out! I've been the hotel is three years old, but I feel it is showing signs of wear. Its own rating is five star although our holiday company rated it as four star. We think three star is nearer the mark. Many facilities are offered but many of them didn't reach the standards that we have had before for similar ratings/cost. We missed tea/coffee making facilities and all the little touches that we've had in the past. Sirenis have a number of hotels in Ibiza and Mallorca. This holiday for us was Spain reaching The Dominican Republic.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>7.5 out of 10 overall i just returned home today from a week's stay at the sirenis tropical suites resort, and had a great time! the bus ride to the resort from the airport was a bit like a safari - over an hour long and over brutal roads and through trees - almost like a jungle. it was very bumpy so if you get car sick take some gravol. once at the resort, the staff greets you with a glass of cold fruit punch which is quite refreshing after the long bus ride to get there. if you are lucky, your room will be ready before you get there. however, we arrived and it was not ready for another hour so we got some lunch. the buffet food that day was horrible. very poor selection and none too appetizing. i ate a plate of mashed potatoes for lunch that day. however when we got our room, the day got a lot better. our room was in the T building and was right on the beach. our patio faced the ocean and had a nice view of palm trees. it was awesome. the beach itself was pretty good - a bit too much coral in some places but still swimmable, and very long. definitely good for long walks. however on either side of the resort's beach boundaries are local markets where they try to suck you in to buy souvenirs. the locals may seem intimidating but they are actually quite friendly. the maid service was great - treat them good with a tip here and there and they will fill your mini bar extra full and give you extra towels. overall the food was the lowest and most disappointing part of the resort. some days it was average and other days i would rather starve than eat what was there. breakfast is by far the best meal of the day. as far as the themed restaurants go, the mexican and chinese were the best. the bartenders are very personable and mix really good drinks. the entire staff there is friendly and work very hard to please their clients. be prepared to get up REALLY early in the morning to grab your beach chairs for the day. they go really fast especially the ones under the huts or right by the pool. the pool was big but not always as clean as i would prefer. the lobby bathrooms are brutal. no airconiditioning and poor ventilation. my favorite part was the disco. the resort has its own club and its great! especially on thursday, friday and saturday nights when the domenican people who work at the resort are allowed to attend. they are the life of the party and are fantastic dancers! would i go back? in a heartbeat! while i was disappointed in the food, i did not go there to eat. i went for a good time, alcohol and sun. those three things are the resort's strong points and i had a great time. i just got home today and already miss it!! if you can get a last minute deal on this resort it is definitely worth it!!  
<Date>Aug 7, 2004
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>glorified butlins The complex is extremely large and resembles a glorified Butlins. The entertainment was extremely poor and have seen better school plays. You would expect better from such a resort. The accommodation is very nice and clean with excellent maid service. The Beach is wonderful and on first impressions, so is the pool, although not cleaned enough or to an adequate standard as you would usually expect. The food in the main buffets is terrible and probably some of the worst I have encountered worldwide which is made worse by other nationalities rudely pushing in queues. Theme restaurants ok although the booking system is annoying and time consuming. Be prepared for a very early morning (before 6.30) if you want a sunbed and parasol.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>excellent ! We stayed from June 27 to July 11 2004 and had a very good time : very large and nice pool, nice beach, large comfortable quite and nice suites, ac ok, friendly staff, funny turtles and fishes inside the ressort along a promenade (my son loved them), food ok (sea food only with paella). The little shops on the beach are cheaper than inside the ressort, and the owners are nice, even if they push you a bit far. Only problems : several cases of ear infections (200 $ for consultation + med), ressort is remote from everything (1.5 h bus journey on very poor roads) and tours are tourists traps ! But we'd be ready to go back nevertheless !  
<Date>Jul 16, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very nice until you eat On arrival the hotel looks amazing. The resort is very nice but let down by the food. The restaurants were restricted and most nights you have to suffer the stewed goat served in the buffet. During our stay many other guests paid to transfer to a nearby hotel. If you get a good deal and can stomach the food, this hotel is great.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mrvitamin
<Content>Wonderfull My family spent June 19 to 26 at The Tropical,and if it were possible ,would still be there.It was with great tripidation that we went,after having read some of the reviews.This was our 5th trip to DR and 3rd different hotel, and had encouraged my brother to bring his family.It was going to be his 1st trip. The restaurant staff and chambermaid were absulutely beautifull people ,always greeting with a happy Hola! Everyone wears name tags and if you take the effort to call them by their name they respond with smiles ,even when they are rushing about.We found the buffet food good enough with a different theme each nite,the dessert bar untouchable and the supply of delicous tropical fruit unending. Try it, you might like it!  
<Date>Jun 28, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great trip, but a large resort. Was at Sirenis with my wife from June 20-27. I give the resort a good rating for these reasons: the Beach is beautiful, some rock, but plenty of room to swim. The sand is not white, but light gold. The water is a green turquoise, not a blue turquoise. Not very turbulent water. Lots of small fish for snorkling. Many needle-fish. What we really enjoyed was to walk along the beach, miles of it. The only resort near by is the Secrets Excellence. We enjoyed their beach for part of one day. Great if you love larger waves. Next for the staff. Very friendly! We had a very nice suite, 2nd floor wish ocean view.What you should know before deciding on Serinis: Very large complex. Serinis and Cocotal is the same resort. The complex itself is not very cozy. Not enough color to our taste. Bland. Wide open. Even though very remote, no quaintness. Definetely lacking in romantic character. More a family build place. Except for the beach area.Food we found to be bland. The best a la carte was the Mexican, by a long shot. The buffet is average on some nights and worse on others. But probably common with other resorts. Best food: Breakfast buffet, crispy french fries, pinneaples are incredibly tasty, and local Presidente Beer, great dark coffee.At reception, make sure they give you correct Pesos change for your American dollar. Twice I was short-changed.In all, a very good time. You'll enjoy the weather, the beach and the people. If your looking for a romantic getaway, you might consider a smaller resort, or choose, as we did, a low-season period.For an amazing Caribean experience, take the Isla Samoa trip, you'll not regret it, if you can hack the 2 hour bus trip.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a great Vacation My neice and I have just returned 6/18/04 from Punta Cuna and had a wonderful time. Sirenis Tropical Suites were very nice and the people friendly and heplful. Most of the people spoke some English so that was not a problem. The food was good and varied. I have to admit after I read some comments from other travelers I thought this could be awful but the opposite was true. My neice is already looking into go back for spring beak.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PennsylvaniaDebbie
<Content>sirenis is super! we were at sirenis the last week of april 2004...and enjoyed every minute ........we consider ourselves pretty well traveled and this hotel and grounds beach resturaunts everything is the best dont worry just go!!! .........you will enjoy yourself ......clean well kept and friendly service.........all the employees and staff are of the highest standardfood is excellent...airport is very nice and bus ride to hotel is a fun experience .......enjoy it.........we will be back .........soon   
<Date>Jun 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Brilliant! What a fantastic Hotel! l arrived on the 26th May for 1 week with my husband and 14 year old son, and although we were a little worried what the weather would be like - we need not have worried. In all the time we were there we had only 10 minutes of rain, the rest of the time was beautiful blue skies. Most staff were very helpful the slight problem we had was when we requested extra pillows from reception which didn't arrive. On talking to other guests the best bet is to ask the maids themselves who just couldn't do enough. We hired quad bikes from near the watersports area for $25 each. These were exceptional value. One of the owners drives infront on a motor bike and takes you through a village and out to see the surrounding area. We were out a good 90 minutes - worth every dollar. My overall opinion is 10/10 and we will certainly be returning!  
<Date>Jun 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Place Ever! Sirenis Tropical suites: This place is paradise! I went from May 1st to May 8th but i wish i went another week. I will tell u everything about this amazing resort: 1. The bus ride over to the resort wasn't bad, it was bumpy and hot,but it was great to see how these people live there everyday life. 2. The landscape: as soon as you come into the resort you'll be amazed on the incredable landscape. The landscape looks like it costs billions! 3. activites/beach/ water: first off the beach is also amazing with its almost white soft sand. The water is warm and very clear with amazing coreal right beside the resort. Lots of activities if ur into that, you can go scuba diving, snorkling, bana boating, kids club, beach volleyball, water volley ball,kayaking,windsurfing, katameraning, and many other activieties. The excursions are also great, i only went on the Atv excursions (four wheelers) and that was incredable( very fun). If your not into the activities there is 2 great swim up bars, bars, shade if ur getting to hot, chairs, and everthing else you need. 4. Food: i don't know why everyone is complaining about the food, i thought the food was fine, even the buffet was great along with all the A la carte restaurants. 5. Hotel rooms: the Hotel room was great, its not like your going to spending much time in it anyway! If you want extra water and coke in your mini bar (free) each morning tip the cleaner and during the middle of your stay you might get a bottle of champain as we did. 6.Service: some of the employees didn't speak english but they sure do try there hardest to speak our language. If i were you i would bring just a little sheet of spanish just to help the employees a little bit like: ser-vas-a is beer, ga-ra-cius is thank you, just stuff like that. 7.shopping: if you decide to take a walk down the beach you will probably be pulled in a shop! remeber in Dominican Republic you can bargain with these people. Stay at a very low price and don't give up on this price. We were able to bargain from 100$ american to 10$ american.You will love it! take my word on it! well... Olah!!  
<Date>Jun 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>a really great place Having read some of the reviews about Sirenis Tropical Suites I wasn't to sure what to expect but i'm glad to say it just shows that some people just love to moan about anything even whilst on their holidays.Iknow people have different opinions but me and my friend couldn't really fault the hotel after all it is what you make it!.All the staff were very polite and friendly they didn't have bad attitudes at all.I spoke to them with respect and they did the same back no problems at all.The choice of food was very good.Once a week you could book one of the many restaurants that there was, we went to the steak house,chinese,creperie,mexican and the itailian we also went to the buffett so there was always a good choice of food every day,that explained why i gained a good few pounds on my return home!. The entertainment was good aswell like i said it's what u make it,the waiters very friendly good atmosphere at the bars nice cocktails good stuff under the counter a small tip to the waiter will get u a stronger drink the real stuff. The casino was ok and we did go in nightclub open till 2a.m, there is also shows everynight at the open air theatre. The pool area was massive and the grounds were maintained to a high standard,the beach was nice too.our room was nice didn't get a sea or pool view but it was clean and comfy that's the main thing.I would have no hesitation in returning to this hotel it is a quiet location but the hotel has plenty to offer if your wanting a relaxing break or just to get away from it all.I would recommend mosquito spray and alka seltzers for the morning after!!.Cathy and Alison visited the sirenis tropical 13th May 04.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>relaxing beach resort We have just arrived back yesterday from this lovely resort, you can chose to either do nothing and relax around the pool or on the beautiful beach or take advantage of the activities that are on offer, we decided to do both, the hotel is large and very spacious so it never looked to busy when it was really the people who work there always have a smile and are very polite and helpful nothing to much trouble for them, the restaurants theres many to choose from the only problem is they get booked up quickly so its best to go early 8.30am ish to get your reservations but if you cant get in the restaurants the large buffet has a wide selection to choose from and of very good quality and always looked fresh and well presented to be honest some days i couldnt decide what to have and i stuffed my face really so the diet has started today. well i could write pages about the resort but i will leave the rest for you and your family to decide but the last thing im going to say is we had no complaints at all ,so have a good holiday.  
<Date>May 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Honeymoon Well, we went to the Tropical Suit on the 6th May for our honeymoon and had a wonderfull time. I can see some of the points in the otehr peoples reviews but i guess you can only compere with what your used to. The staff range from a bit arrogant, to helpful and happy. The only staff i found to be a bit 'off' were the reception staff and the guards. All the other staff were helpfull and happy looking. The rooms were good although the air conditioning was a bit weak and the tv was a bit 'hit or miss'. The food in the general 'day to day' restaurant was excellent and the choice was fantastic. The speciality restaurant was ok but nothing special realy. The pool was great and the bar staff at the pool bar were friendly and would mix whatever you like. The grounds are constantly maintained and look great with coconut trees everywhere so you cant forget where you are. The lounge area roof leaked a lot when the rain came down but what do you expect from a hotel in the republic. Drinking unlimited drinks and smoking cigars in the huge entrance lobbies whilst the lines of fans hummed above and the sail cloth canopies flapped in the warm winds made it feel like we were in some 1920s film. The beach is a magic place to be at night looking at the stars and listening to the sea lapping at the sand. All i can say is that if your expecting 'Hilton Hotel' luxury, go to the Hilton, if your expecting a great holiday with sun, loads of white sand, quiet secluded areas to chill out and great food served by friendly staff, then this is the place to be.   
<Date>May 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice break. Just arrived back from Sirenis Tropical Suites where myself, the wife and two and a half year old daughter spent sixteen days. We booked the holiday last minute off Teletext. we had a great deal by price cutting between firms, saved just over 拢500 inc free ins. for the child. (if its Dom.Rep. your going get the best deal, because if you don`t like it here at least you know that you saved money.) The hotel looked and sounded the best in the brochure for the Dom.Rep. If you want a quite, relaxing holiday this is the place to go. Dom.Rep was not my first choice of the Caribbean Islands to visit its just that it was all there was on offer. i don`t think i`ll be visiting again. But whilst i was here we did enjoy our stay. The flight was around 8 hours from the U.K and the Another hour and 10 mins. to the hotel. At the airport we thought the photo taking was for immigration purposes. its not, they try to sell you a jet lagged, anaemic looking photo of you when you depart. Immigration took a while as you needed to fill in paper work, so have a pen ready and $10.00 to enter. ($20 and second half of form to depart).Airport was a nightmare when we arrived, 4 luggage belts (of which one was broken) and a dozen incoming planes, The baggage halls can cope with one plane at a time, so expect a lot of angry people and reps.On to the hotel its actually two hotels joined as one the other being the Cocotal. The reps. tell you its the cheaper holiday side, this half of the grounds has all the benifits of the Tropical side, ALL INCLUSIVE. the only difference is that the rooms are not to the high standard as Tropical side. From what i seen there is very little between them. The hotel grounds are clean and very neat the only thing that lets it down is the central ponds and its fountains. The beach and the very large swimming pools ( with many depths throughout) are clean and well kept. You`ll notice a difference when you lay arond pool and the beach, There is a nice sea breeze on the beach and you`ll not realise how hot the sun is. So take large amounts of sun tan oil, you`ll need it. (Take it with you as it will cost the earth when you are there, also Note that May is the wet season and lasts for the month) If you want to lay around the pool you`ll need to copy the Germans and get there early with your towel, we noticed that the towels spent more time in the sun than the owner, many times not even seeing the owner. We arrived last week of April and hand ten days of great weather then it rained for three and a half days, a further day and a half of sun and another days rain. We noticed many persons arriving during these wet days and not seeing much sun. Our departure day the forcast for the next week was for more Rain. So there will be a few bad reviews to come on this site. The rooms were cleaned daily and the fridge filled with soft drinks. There is also a t.v with multi language channels. also air con. and bedroom fan. The resturants were okay, only thing annoying was that being from the U.K and Dem Rep being five hours behind we had to eat meals between set times which took time getting used to. Plenty of choice, but found that it does not cater for children very well. My daughter thought Christmas had arrived early when we got her home, she was into the food like there was no tomorrow. But then asked if we could go again. If you are taking a child take some treats with you. again not cheap in Dem Rep. The staff are friendly towards all, if your not polite and curtious dont expect the staff to be otherwise. Plenty of sport on offer if your in a group if not the animation team try there best to get every body involved, I don`t envy there task one bit. They do there best. On the whole a good, quite and relaxing break. I rate the hotel 3 star plus (if Dem Rep. standards rate 5 star i would hate to actually see a 3 star Dem. Rep standard)  
<Date>May 16, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good quality family vacation We stayed at this resort for two weeks with our two daughters aged 2 and 4 in April 2004. I thought it was a very good quality resort and we were more than happily satisfied with our stay. The resort is quite remote (an hour from airport or anywhere) and so we did not venture outside the resort the entire 2 weeks.We had a great time and the weather was really superb. Only a few days that were cool and cloudy but the sun always broke through. We stayed in Block B and had a one bedrm which was more than adequate for all of us. The rooms were clean and nicely decorated and we had a terrace. The TV reception was excellent, especially when the girls were tired and wanted to watch the Disney channel.Our bathtub was clogged and with one phone call it was immediately fixed. There are tiny mosquitos that come in at night but we solved that by keeping the light on in the bathroom at night so they all flocked in there and left us alone to sleep. (by morning the heat of the lights left them dead)The grounds were well kept and the beach area was very nice. The pools were excellent for kids. Two huge pools that have a gradual entry for little ones (you can even watch them as you eat lunch from the restuarant), swim-up bars, bridges and so on. The pool was amazing.The beach was golden sand (not the white we expected) but still soft and beautiful.We were generally late risers and ate breakfast around 9:30. By the time we made it to the pool, it was around 10:30-11 and we NEVER once had a problem finding a lounge chair! (or 2 for that matter) If you look around you could always find one or move a few to the area you wanted.Our 4 year old did the kids club a few times and enjoyed it. I don't think it's the best one going but entertains them and keeps them out of the sun. The mini-disco was what they liked best with songs and games for about 1/2 hr. They even participated in a kids show one night which was our daughter's highlight.I thought the evening shows were too late (to take kids to) but were excellent. Really entertaining and the dancers fantastic.The food was more than adequate. The main buffets were great with tons of selection. I can not imagine someone hating everything. Every evening was a different theme and always had a carved meat of the night. Really, the food was so good and perfect for families with kids who don't want what their parents are eating. Tons of fresh, made-to-order pastas, meat dishes, vegetables, fruits, desserts and so on. We tried a few a la cartes and they were ok. Creperie was not bad and a nice change. Chinese was about the same. Even the steak place was good. Only place I would not recomment is Italian...you can get better at the buffet.While there a few things happened...we ran out of diapers! Didn't think this would be a problem but the store on site is ridiculously expensive and does not stock much. Only size diapers were for newborns. So if you have little ones in diapers..bring as much as you need with you. We ended up getting a guy at the front desk (Robert) to buy some for us at a local town. We also ran out of suntan lotion and this costs $45-50 a bottle (CDN) at the local store! No kidding. We bartered on the beach down to about $20, so bring lots of that too.Also, our youngest did a stupid thing and stuffed a button up her nose. The doc on call didn't seem to be there but when my husband went to the front desk and they called, she was there. So sometimes late at night you need to actually announce your visit. Anyways, they got it out.We spent most of our time at the pool, everyday doing the same thing. I would definitely recommend this resort and rate it a 4 star, but suggest going for only one week due to its location. You really can't leave the resort once you're there.I think it's great for families and can't believe the bad reviews I've read. We have travelled extensively and I like to stay at nice places. This was good quality and good fun. You won't be disappointed.  
<Date>May 7, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>NEVER AGAIN I recently stayed at Sirenis the weeks of march 24-April 9 2004 and i can honestly say that i did not enjoy my stay there. It rained 10 out of the 14 days I was there and i spent the majority of my time in my room. I found most people there unfriendly and especially the workers at the front desks seemed to have a bad attitude. Servers also seemed to be very unfriendly.Since i only speak english and most people there speak spanish and french i didn't like that fact that i could not understand what anyone was saying.The food there was awful and very reptitive at the buffets. I did make reservations at the restraunts (chinese, creperie, meditteranian, mexican) but i was not a fan of any of those either. By the second week i was almost gagging and stuck to just eating fruits. This is a good place for you to be if your going on a diet. I tried numerous times to get an iced tea or orange soda when i was at the buffet but was only succesful once because they did not understand what i was saying and would bring me sprite. The beach was nice but it was impossible to get a good spot unless you got up by 8am to go put your towels down under a tiki tree. It bothered me that people would leave there stuff there but not even be back untill late afternoon. Staying there for 2 weeks is definetly 2 long. I found the most enjoyable part to be the ride from the airport to the hotel because you then see how dominican people really live. Will i ever return to Sirenis? Not in this lifetime!!!  
<Date>Apr 30, 2004
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>UNLIKELY TO RETURN My wife and I stayed at Sirenis Tropical Suites for two weeks from 24 March to 7 April 2004. We stayed in Block B next to the main building complex. Our experiences of this hotel are mixed to say the least. The majority of guests during our stay were French, or were French-Canadians. We found these people obnoxiously rude and bad-mannered. Nevermind, onto the review . . .The hotel is large with plenty of facilities and activities to keep you going for any length of stay. However the location of the hotel is somewhat isolated and we did not realise the hotel was literally one hour from the nearest town. The beach was quite picturesque after a short walk, and the pool areas were clean and well looked after. However we soon tired of the daily ritual of having to go to the pool area at 7.00 a.m. every morning in order to stand any chance of getting a couple of sun loungers or a 鈥榯iki umbrellas鈥? What annoyed us a great deal was that people would 鈥榬eserve鈥?their spot and then not even have the decency to show up until mid-afternoon. Our accommodation was spacious, clean and well maintained. No problems with plumbing or mosquitoes. The cleaning staff were friendly and worked hard to make our stay as comfortable as possible. A huge downside was the BIG bugs that entered the room under your door on a night. Keep a large shoe handy to hit them with, or stuff a towel under your door.The food was pretty reasonable and a decent choice on offer. The Gourmet restaurant was good (apart from 40 minute wait for coffee at end of meal). The Chinese received mixed comments from other guests but we found it was very nice. The buffet restaurants had a fair selection but we found this got boring and repetitive towards the end of the stay. We found the buffet restaurant in the main building was better than the one near the beach. The Mexican, Steakhouse and Pizzeria were ok. The Mediterranean (dodgy seafood) and Creperie were absolutely terrible due to the lack of any quality in the food and the diabolically poor service. We found the service in most restaurants to be poor. No matter how much we were polite, or smiled, said 鈥榩lease鈥?and 鈥榯hankyou鈥? or even tried to converse with the odd bit of Spanish, the service in some of the restaurants was appalling. I have found in most countries politeness and a smile go a long way to getting good service 鈥?it counted for nothing here. The hotel was by no means full or busy but waiters, who were usually downright miserable, often ignored us and the service was VERY slow. I have experienced 鈥淒ominican Time鈥?before, but never like this. We lost count of the times we were overlooked by the drinks waiters, or the occasions we had to wait thirty or forty minutes before someone took our order. However, the bar staff were excellent. The bars were well stocked, with several international brands and you did not wait long to get served. The staff always had a smile and made you feel welcome.During our stay we booked ourselves on three excursions. The first was the Outback 鈥楽afari鈥?which was excellent and well worth it. It gave you a flavour of real Dominican life in the countryside and the guides were informative and very amusing. We were entertained all day. We also booked to go on a boat trip to Saona Island but it was cancelled due to poor weather/choppy sea. We were given the chance of going on the next scheduled trip (next day) but had other things planned and got our money back. The last excursion was a shopping trip to the nearest 鈥榣arge鈥?town of Higuey, which was interesting enough and at least got you out of the hotel for a few hours. We鈥檝e been to the Caribbean (and the Dominican Republic) on numerous occasions in recent years and this hotel is definitely not of 4/5 star standard. We enjoyed our holiday and the time together, and at the end of the day a holiday is what you make of it. We are not moaners or have unrealistic expectations - it's just that we've been to a few places, stayed in 'good' hotels and experienced 'good' service in the past. I know this hotel is relatively new and it would have been a 4 or 5 star rating perhaps five or six years ago. However i feel it certainly should not be given such a rating when you consider there are better hotels in the Dominican Republic, with a better location, better accommodation, better food, and far better staff. It is unlikely we would return to this hotel or recommend it to our friends and family.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Gorgeous spot but... I wish I had known before we booked this resort that it is spread out away from the ocean, not in front of it. I had my elderly mother with me and she found it very difficult to walk back and forth so we took a room close to the lobby and main restaurants and in doing so it made it difficult for her to reach the beach, basically foregoing it for her. For anyone with mobility problems, this is not the place to go. The theatre, disco and casino are not in the main building. The rooms were ok but need updating with bad plumbing. The food was ok but boring...but we both had a few stomach problems which didnt wreck our trip but was uncomfortable. The beach was the best part of the hotel. Gorgeous and you could walk for miles in either direction.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We had a great time Everyone talks about the terrible problem of bugs and mosquitos - we saw ONE the whole week we were there. We never got sick either and I even brushed my teeth with the tap water. We loved it all.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Nice Trip We just returned from the Serenis Tropical on April 16 after a one week stay. Let's start with the basics, this is not North America, if you want gourmet food stay in Florida where you can dine at the Ritz (and probably pay the same amount for one dinner that you would for a week's stay at this resort). How was the food at the Tropical? By picking and chosing you can generally find something you like in the buffet style cafeteria (I think I ate more fruit during the week I was down there then I have in the last six months). If possible, make a few reservations when you arrive at the a la carte restaurants (I tried the steak house, which was surprisingly good, and the Chinese food restraunt, which I found so,so). If you wait too long to make reservations, they are booked up most nights. We also tried Il Giardinetto (which is a pay as you go, $20 US pp, for a lobster dinner), this was also decent.I must say the serving staff was always very pleasant and try their best to provide good service. Were they always beaming with big smiles, no, but when you work in a huge hotel cafeteria feeding thousands of people a day who can expect that? We do advise tipping the serving staff. They really appreciate the gesture and will provide attentive service in return.The resort itself was gorgeous, very well maintained and groomed each morning. The room was clean and generally had all the amenities required for our North American lifestyles. (Note, the remote for the television has to be obtained at the front desk). We had a slight problem with our airconditioning not working properly when we arrived, I reported it and 10 minutes later the problem was fixed.As we arrived late (10:30 p.m), we were unable to get a key for the room safe until the next morning as the office at the front desk was closed.Before we left, my wife gave the maid some shoes and clothing that she no longer wanted. The maid was extremely appreciative, but it was necessary for my wife to fill out a form and sign it, indicating what items she was giving to which maid. I guess this is to ensure that they are not accused of stealing. (So if you wish to leave any articles of clothing behind for the maid, make sure you see her and get the form, if not, she won't be able to accept it.)The beach is nice, a fair amount of topless sunbathers (old and young), so if you're uptight about these things it may not be the place to stay. There is no doubt that if you want a good spot on the beach with some shade you have to get out there early in the morning and mark your spot with towels on the chairs (7-7:30). The breeze on the beach was fantastic, swept in from the ocean and made sitting in the 30+ degree heat pleasant. There were quite a few kids, my wife and I do not have children, but we never really found this an issue. On the whole, the kids seemed to stay by the pool.My wife did the stretch and aquafit class daily. She enjoyed it, but noted that, like the dancers in the nightly shows, the instructors/dancers are self-taught, not professionals. She also went snorkelling daily. There are some coral reefs in the water (not spectacular, but fun none the less).The only real problem we encountered was regarding late checkout. We had to be out of the room by noon, but were not leaving the resort until 6:00 p.m., so we paid $40US for late check-out (which only gives you an additional 4 hours - to 4 p.m.) Make sure they re-activate your room key. We found out the hard way when we came back at 3 p.m. from the beach to get ready, and could not get in the room. It took 30 minutes to sort it out with the front desk, then they refused to give us additional time for 4 of us to get ready. They advised that if we took longer we would have to pay more. As the clock was ticking, we decided not to argue at that point and get ready. However, we took it up with our Signature rep, Franklin, when he arrived at 5:30. In the end, we got our $40 back.On the whole, we had a wonderful time and would go back again. Just keep in mind that while this is a 4-5 star resort in the Caribbean, that does not translate to a 4-5 star North American hotel. They do the best they can with what they have. If you keep expectations realistic you'll have an enjoyable vacation.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Child Friendly Resort We traveled ther for 7 days with our 4 yr old daughter. We had a great time - I think anyone that looks at these reviews must take into consideration that this is not North America. The food is OK - My only requirement is if you don;t gert sick the food is good! The drinke were fine and they did not skimp on the alcohol. They have activities for the kids - Daily program in my opinion was a bit lacking but the evening programs were fantastic - Our daughter really enjoyed the mini disco The rooms were very clean and teh grounds were superb. The beach weas clean and the pool was very nice.For the price you cannot go wrong! The only reason I woudl not travel bac is if we were looking for a quiet getaway without children - This may not be the resort best suited for a romantic getaway!  
<Date>Apr 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel but... Just got back from Sirenis Tropical Suites, april 2-9. We have been 3 times in the caribbean in the last 3 years and this was not the best place. The site is very nice, the ground are well keeps with nice flowers and statues everywhere, the hotel suites was nice and clean but we had some problems : the shower head had no hook on the wall to support it. The previous guest had tied it to a metal rack wich supposed to hold the head in place with a nylon stock, not very nice... also the TV cable was loose of the wall and had no screw to hold it in place. After a few visits and calls to the lobby and a complain to the tour representative it was fix. Also our maid who was generously tiped every day, brooke a glass on our bathroom floor and did not clean it well, so coming back from the beach my son find out we had broken glass on our bathroom floor !!! Another call at the front desk and they came back for cleaning. Since all problems were fix in a respectable 'dominican' time i don't take them in consideration in my 3 'star' score. There are few major problems at this hotel first is the unbrella at the beach,there is about 125 of them for 700 roms or so. If you want one be ready to wake up very early and go to the beach before the other to reserve your. I suggest you don't take part in that every day circus and instead go to the far ends of the hotel beach were you find less people and many coconuts trees that will give you shade, the only thing is that you will have to move whit the sun to stay under your tree's shade, also the beach towel is a major problem here, they don't just have enough for everybody so be ready to wait in line at 9:00 am. when they start to give them away, i saw many frustated people who are being told come back in a hour. The food is ok, the main buffet has good variety, but nothing is hot enough it's all lukewarm. You will find luch in the other restaurant by the pool too but less choise and lot's of people eating in their bathing suit without even wearing a t shirt for the respect of other. I did't like that. And by the way you will NOT find poutine (typical meal from Quebec: french fries with cheese and brown gravy) as other reviewer said. The staff is very friendly at all restaurant and that helped. We went to the steak house and to the creperie, wich were both very good. A la carte restaurants are fun but again you will have to wait in line to book them and they are often full when you finally arrive at the desk. Overall we had a good trip but i will not go there again, the hotel in MY point of view is to big, there is a lot a people everywhere, and line up are common so they can manage all this. Hope this help, and please forgive all gramatical mistake english is a second language for me .  
<Date>Apr 14, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Food was terrible....if your on a diet then this is the place for you!!! THE FOOD IS HORRIBLE!!!!!!! No matter what the other reviews say..the food is awful. The first night we arrived we ate at the buffet. My boyfriend and I both said we are not eating this food for 7 days. So, we went to book at the Ala Carte restaurants. After waiting over 1 hour in line to book your reservation, we booked our first three nights at the other restaurants that are included in your packeage. Every single restaurant sucked!!! The steak house was the only okay one and the steak was full of fat. We were not the only people to say that the food was terrible. Most of the couples that were on our flight said that they would have rather gone to Florida at least there you can leave the resort and go eat real food. I read all of the reviews that people wrote and a few said that the food was bad but the majority said it was good..I have just one question for those people that thought the food was good...DO YOU EAT HOT DOGS AND POUTINE ALL THE TIME..IF SO THEN I CAN UNDERSTAND WHY ANYONE WOULD FINE IT GOOD. The food was so bad that we phoned our travel agent from the resort to complain. I spoke to so many people staying at the resort and they all said that the food was not good.We had one day of rain and the animation was no where to be seen. The animation stayed by the pool and did stretching and that was about it. I will say that the resort was very clean and the beach was beautiful. My boyfriend and I just came back from a 1 week stay at Sirenis and I would never fgo back there again. It was my second time to D.R. and it will be my last. I find that the locals and some staff have a major attitude. They act like they have a huge chip on their shoulder. If you don't like to be harrased, don't go to the shops on the beach. You can't walk two steps without someone pulling you into their shop and they get mad if you don't go a nd look at what they have.I would NOT RECOMMEND this resort to anyone!!! Unless you want to lose weight.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Rick-2005
<Content>Great Time Where to begin? I have read alot of reviews prior to leaving for our 2 week vacation (March28-April 11) I can't understand the complaints that I have read. We have travelled for the past 5 years and by far this resort rates on the top of the list as far as food and drinks and hospitality.  Air Transat flight 866, the flight crew were exceptionally nice and made our flight a pleasant one, they couldn't do enough for us. This was our first time going through Signature Vacations we always went through Air Transat Holidays. It was a pleasant change, we were picked up at the airport in a small bus, there was only 9 people going to Sirenis. The drive from the airport was uneventful and took about an hour, I had asked the driver if it was possible to stop for a beer. He didn't have a problem with the request and we stopped at the first store we came across.  The check in was quick and our room was ready and waiting for us, which was really nice. The room was nice but I didn't care for the set up of the suite, maybe if there had of been a second t.v. it would have been better. People travelling with children would love this set up. Our first day on the beach the 29th of March was a tragic one, A male in his 20's drowned, A group of people tried to help in C.P.R. including my sister. The lack of medical equipment on hand in the first aide case, i.e. airways didn't help what so ever!! It was a hard image to get out of your mind and thoughts. Thats all I will say about that, I would like this review to make it to print.  We met a lot of fellow Canadians on our trip,from Ontario,Quebec and Nova Scotia and also from the U.K. and the United States,everyone seemed to be having a great time .  On April 1st seven of us booked a Taxi and went shopping in Higuey, the cost for the taxi was $65 which wasn't bad considering one that was offered at the resort was $25 per person. The food was really good and the service at both the buffets and the restaurants was really good, they were friendly and always had a smile. I had taken a list of Spanish sayings and tried using them whenever possible. The staff were always impressed that we tried to comunicate in their language. I found a lot of people didn't realize we were going to their country and we should try and speak their language. After all if Spanish speaking people came to tour our tourist areas, I'm sure they would try and learn our language.  The bar staff were great. This is the first resort I've been to that the main lobby bar had 7 bar tenders working. I've been used to seeing 2 at a time at most other resorts. It didn't matter if it was 10:00 a.m. or 10:00 p.m. they always made jokes and laughed and carried on with everyone. The pool bar and the other bars always had a full range of drinks and lots of staff. This resort was one of the first I've seen with a bar menu and I'm sure there were over 30 speciality drinks on it.  There were shows at the out door theatre and some nights there was also enterainment at the main entrance. This was a nice gathering place. The ladies waiting tables were a nice touch. They would come by clear the tables and take drink orders.  We also dropped by the on site casino, I tried to stay clear of it as much as possible. We also did our shopping at the shops on the beach, it's a lot of fun to haggle with the local vendors,they tend to expect it. We met up with Yimmey(Jimmy) cheappy, cheappy. Would do your heart good to check them out.  The pool is really nice and there is some deep areas, some places over 6' ( 2 meters) deep . Lots of shaded areas. The beach was nice the shaded areas were gone by 7:00 a.m. You had to be up early to capture one of these places. The ocean at the beach had a bit of an under tow on rough days, not a good place to leave a young child unattended. As well there was no life guard at the beach, however there was one at the pool.  The animation staff tried there best to keep everyone entertained during the day, anything from dancing to arobics and all types of games. both at the pool and the beach.  Like all good things our trip came to an end on Sunday. We left for the airport at 8:30 a.m. the ride took about 50 minutes. When we arrived we couldn't believe the line ups, it took from 9:30- 11:30 to get our tickets and go through customs. Air Transit Flight 867 was delayed 30 minutes but other than that the flight was great. There was around 100 empty seats, once the head count was completed we were able to sit where ever we wanted. Once again the flight crew were really friendly, we had a great flight.  I would be glad to answer any questions.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An Amazing Place to Stay! I stayed at Sirenis on the Tropical side for 2 weeks (March 13-27, 2004) with my family (parents, 11 yr. old brother, 16 yr old sister) and two friends (20,18). My mother and I have been here before (July 2003) and we had so much fun we decided to come again with the whole family, but after reading reviews we were scared that it had changed so much in the amount of time between. We made an unsure choice to stick with this hotel and just hope for the best. We are so glad we didn't listen to anyone because we had the most amazing vacation ever. Let me start from the beginning: the flight. It was horribly cramped on our Skyservice flight, however our flight left toronto at 6 am so I slept most of the way. We loved the Punta Cana airport (a big open hut with no walls). It takes about an hour bus ride to get to the hotel.. the roads are very narrow, and the drivers love speed.. however we were in a big bus so my mother didn't have to worry about getting sick. We arrived only to find ourselves in a massive lobby (which is such a beautiful site), and were checked in in no time. Our rooms were ready so our luggage was brought right away and we were able to go on with our day. The pool is breathtaking.. I cannot even begin to describe its size, it's just something you have to see for yourself. The beach is even better. I am not a beach person but the sand is so clean, you don't have to worry about glass or garbage or anything. During our first week down we had no trouble getting a hut for shade by the pool. We also met many people down there from England, Toronto, B.C and Nova Scotia. We found most of the guests very friendly and entertaining. We are an outgoing family so we enjoyed meeting a lot of crazy people. I recommend that you bring some stomache stuff (Immodium or Pepto) I did experience some stomache aches however out of the 7 of us I was the only one who was so lucky. The property was absolutely gorgeous and always clean, there were gardeners and workers daily maintaining this beautiful place. The drinks: bartenders will not cut you off, so know your own limits. Tips are greatly appreciated and they will be your best friend for the remainder of your stay. The only thing is if you go to the show at night that bar closes at 11 ish so just make your way to the lobby bar which is open till 12 because inside the disco and casino you pay for your drinks. We went to the nightly entertainment shows (watch out for misquitos) which we found amusing and then we went to the disco every night as well. The disco is very unpredictable: there were nights when it was packed and then there were nights when just a handful were there. The staff at this hotel are exceptional. We didn't experience any problems with rudeness or anything. The majority of them spoke english too, which was helpful. I must say that the Entertainment Staff (Animation) were exceptional. They went out of their way for us and were constantly making us laugh and truely enjoy ourselves. During the day they have many games going on the beach and by the pool. A couple of the days they had a show in the pool. I celebrated my birthday during my stay, and they put together a card, gave me a CD, bought a cake which was used to sing Happy Birthday during dinner, and they brought me on stage to sing Happy Birthday again and the song It's Your Birthday. I couldn't ask for anything more. They truely surprised me and this shows that they are good-hearted people. I can't imagine why anyone would ever have complaints regarding them. We had an amazing vacation here and would recommend it to anyone. We would definitely come back!  
<Date>Apr 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Punta Cana Vacation March 2004 I went to Punta Cana, Dominican Republic in March 2004 for one week and my stay there was very relaxing and peaceful. I will start from the beginning. The airplane ride is tight and a little uncomfortable but really what do you expect. I thought the food was decent with plenty to eat, I mean you can't expect a hot cooked meal on the plane. The flight attendents were very kind and helpful. The bus ride to the hotel was not what I expected, from reading previous reviews I was expecting a rusted out old bus with no a/c, however it was a very large newer bus the tinted windows and a/c and it even had a bathroom. I thought the ride itself was very peaceful a few bumps here and there but nothing we are not used to in Regina, Sask. They were actually fixing lots of the roads. Checking in to the hotel was very quick all of the workers there are very friendly. we checked in they gave us a map and explained where our room was and within half an hour of being in our room our luggage was there. The rooms were very large and clean, we got oceanview just like we requested. We were on the Sirenis tropical side the Cocatol is the sister hotel only it dosen's have a living room. The ocean is beautiful very aqua bluey-green with palm trees on the beach (there is reefs in the water but there is also lots of open space to swim). There are lots of chairs to suntan on but if you want some shade you do have to get up around 7:30 to put a towel under it (but who wants to sleep in anyway). The pool was very clean and it was never packed because it is so large. The grouds are kept immaculate I couldn't believe it there is literly not a wilted flower around or a rock out of place they have gardeners everywhere cleaning up. The ponds and statues are georgous to admire. The lobby is large with plenty seating. There are two buffets with a wide variety of food and I think around 7 or 8 a la cartes I recommend the steak house, seafood, and Italian I also tried the mexican and chinese and they were good to. I was prepared with pepto, immodium and tums because of reviews I read before I went and I never once got any stomach pain (it still dosen't hurt to bring medicine just in case). I also brought bug spray and I never saw one mosquito. I really enjoyed the theatre we went every night. The animation team there are so crazy. They are very easy to understand most of them speack spanish, english, french and a few other languages. The one guy sang an eminem song that was just awesome. All the staff was very nice. I never travelled with kids but the kids club was great, watching them with the children was just amazing they were so good with them. They have may activities by the pool for example spanish lessons, or you could learn there dance the meranga and much more. There are markets on both sides of the beach and some in front of the hotel the are expensive, but you can talk them down pretty good. I wanted there two ceramic hand painted suns for me and my cousin and they wanted 30 dollars for two and we got them for 12 dollars for two. I enjoyed my stay and the Sirenis tropical and recommend it. Some tips I do have is when bargaining at the market pay what you think its worth start walking away and they will run after you and finally give in. Bring lots of sunscreen and lotion, you are so much closer to the equater there that the sun is that much more intense and the lotion is for after you go in the sun so you don't peel. Bring americaln money or pesos thy usally don't take canadian and exchange it before you come because you will get a better rate. Bring a plug adapter there outlets are different (I think you can buy them at the market in front of the lobby for 3 dollars). The food is good but it is still different, the have lots of veggies and fruits but the dressings are bland so bring your own salad dressing the also only have butter so bring peanut butter of jam belive me its the little things you miss the most. Make sure you luggage isn't over skyservice charges 5 dollars for every pount you are over (which you can't blame them I still had 10 pounds to spare in my suitcase). This is a relaxing resort there is not much to do out of the resort unless you want to spend quite a bit on a cab ride. There is not much partying, they do have a disco but it is not very wild in there. So if you are looking to shop and explore and party hard don't come to this resort. Also if you want a small resort don't come here this resort is huge it took us 15 minutes to walk from our room the the theatre (of course our room was all the way on the other end). Go for a nice hour walk on the beach both ways on the left side if you walk for about an hour there is lots of waves to go body surfing and on the right side there are lots of neat buildings to look at. I would recommend getting a massage at the market on the left side the charge 15 dollars for half an hour and it was awesome. There are lots of topless girls and guys in speedos all shapes and sizes and don't worry about how your going to look in you bathing suit. Take lots of pictures there are lots of little lizards, bats at night, peacocks and flimingos and most of all enjoy a great trip of relaxation and getting served.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Poor plumming Just a short comment. We were 5 couples at Serenis Tropical the week of Feb 13-20. Out of our 5 rooms, 4 were badly leaking from the ceiling and in ours, the bath and sink were clogged all week. I went down at the front desk at least 5 time to let them know and it was never fixed. After a while, we all gave up and figured that we would have to live with it. I figured that they should have a complete report on the plumming in our room by the end of the week but no.... The funniest thing is that, the last day there, they gave our room as hospitality room for peoples to take a shower before leaving for the airport. Other than that it was OK.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hola Hola, Coca Cola!! We (Me, Wife and 2 kids aged 15 and 12) spent 2 weeks here between 11/2/4 and 25/2/4, and had a very relaxing time - just what we were looking for.The ride from the airport was something like 75 minutes. I agree the roads are bad but that is just a 20 minute section for the worst bit - still better than all the roadworks and heavy traffic back in London!The general roads are difficult - and I would only recommend the most adventurous hire a car.The actual resort area is huge, and very well landscaped. Check-in was smooth. Rooms are good - fairly spacious.Pool is massive - never felt crowded, as you could move to different areas.Food was OK. All 4 of us found something we liked 3 times a day - and the buffet is well presented with a fairly good choice.A La carte restaurants are OK too, but not as special as some others I have been to. However, makes a nice change to be brought all the food, as opposed to the buffet system.Drinks: red and white wines served with meals are awful. They may be watered down - as I have never tasted bottled wine that poor. Local spirits are poor if you drink them as shots/shooters, but are great in cocktails. If you want straight drinks, they do keep the good international brands under the counter. I suggest a small tip to your barman as a courtesy. Just ask nicely and he will serve you Dewars, JB, Baileys, Cointreau, Smirnoff etc etcStaff/Locals: We thought the people were lovely. It's a shame to read so many reviews saying howrude they are -it's just not true. Regrettably, it is fellow guests that are rude. I saw many examples of guests barking orders to staff in very rapid English, and expecting an instant 'perfect' response. This was also accompanied without any 'please' or 'thank you' If you want to get on, try a smile first. Learn some very simple Spanish words (hello, goodbye, please, thank you, how are you?, I am well thanks, Beer, White wine, Red wine, etc etc) Speak a little slower, and remember this is the Caribbean, not London, Chicago or Winnipeg. Lastly, we are all on holiday to enjoy the manana culture - so worry about things tomorrow!!We thought trips were expensive, but the resort is very remote - and it's good to see new things. Saona Island trip was Ok - very beautiful beaches and sea, nice boat trip. Outback Safari (or Bavarro Runners equivalent) was also OK - if you want to see some of the real Dom Rep. Some trips will take you out for a brief trip to a local school. Consider taking some exercise books/A4 pads/pencils as gifts (the local parents have to buy these - so it's a nice gesture)Sea by the resort is a little disappointing, but remember this is this is the Atlantic side, not the Caribbean. Lots of little reefs to look at fish etc compensate a little. Water is warm, and reasonably safe for kids too. Beach is good, and you can walk a long way in either directionResort is huge, so get used to walking a lot! Not a bad thing when you are eating so much, and why be in a hurry anyway - you are on holiday!Weather was great. We went in dry season, so mozzies were not a problem either.Would we go again? Yes. Probably prefer to visit a resort on the south (Caribbean) side. I would not rate this resort as 5 star. The buildings and grounds are 4 to 5 star, but the overall effect is nearer to 3 or 3+ stars for me.I am very glad we went - and hope you enjoy your time.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Great Spot This resort was an great spot for both my wife and I. It was our first all inclusive and we really enjoyed it. I guess it started off by getting a last minute deal from Calgary where we only paid $600 bucks each for airfare and the all inclusive. Not to mention that we had a fantastic room which over looked the beach. It was great. We did not know that the Cocotal was a mirroring resort and it was kinda neat that the two were joined and it was one big resort. It is pretty big but well maintained. We met lots of people down there and had a wonderful time. We do not have any kids and only 25 yrs old but the kids added a different aspect to it all as well. THe food was also pretty good but the buffets get repetitive after a while. SUGGESTIONS: When booking at this resort ask to be in building T if possible All the rooms with the exception of two in this building have an ocean view. Plus this building is very close to the beach  Pool so you don't have to walk far to get there. We did the OUTBACK JUNGLE SAFARI and really enjoyed ourselves. The entire truck load of people were great. It was pretty neat to visit a school and sit with the kids (oh...to bring pencils/pens, erasers, and school stuff, toothbrushes) were greatly accepted by the school. Very appreciative of anything. This trip was well worth the money. You visit a traditional dominican home, go to school, eat sugar cane, go to a liquor mart, see coffe being roasted, and the list goes on. This is a must if you are thinking of spending a day away from the resort. Bring your own snorkel and mask. The ones at the resort are rotten. We brought our own so that was a bonus. Snorkeling is just like 2 minutes away. It is pretty neat. The SHOWS in the evening are pretty funny. Don't sit close to the front if you don't want to get picked to make a fool of yourself on the stage.Enjoy your visit to SIRENIS. I read these reviews before going dow to the resort and I did not know what to expect. It turned out to be an excellent spot.Cheers  
<Date>Feb 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous Holiday!! We just returned from a glorious week at the Sirenis Tropical. After reading reviews we did have our doubts, but don't believe everything you read. The hotel and grounds are immaculate and the pool area is marvelous. The staff is very helpful and all speak English quite well. Bars are great and we didn't find drinks watered down at all. The buffets offer a great variety of food and the two ala carte restaurants we tried were both good. The beach is fabulous and goes on for miles! We have been to Cancun numerous times and loved the unspoiled beauty of the beach and ocean here. This truly was our most relaxing vacation feeling like we really got away from it all! Thank you Sirenis Tropical - We'll be back  
<Date>Feb 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful resort..go back in a heart beat My wife and I just returned from our vacation at the Siernis Tropical. We booked our vacation to the Siernis Tropical last minute and it was not only until after we paid for our trip that we came across this web site. After reading some of the negative reviews we were left wondering if we had made a mistake. But let me tell you..if after reading some of the reviews you have the same feeling...then stop...the Siernis Tropical is an absolutely marvelous resort. The rooms are suites with a seperate sitting area and balcony. They are very spacious and clean. The staff are very friendly and always willing to help. I read complaints about their attitude and that is just not the case. Many are shy and do not speak good english...perhaps those who complained mistook that for a bad attitude or perhaps were the ones who were really being rude. The beach is very clean and you can walk barefoot for miles and miles. The food, well lets just say we don't eat that good at home. We never ate in any of the sit down restaurants preferring to stick with the buffets. There is a wonderful variety of food and the offerings are very tasteful. Snacks are always available, you just can't go hungry at this place what so ever. Those who complained about the food on here really and truthfully have a weak case. The bars offer a wide assortment of cocktails and blender drinks. You'll have trouble deciding what to order next. The beer tastes remarkably like ours in Canada and is a wonderful compliment to the afternoon heat. You will be surprised how quickly you get your drinks with a $1 tip here and there. There are activities all day on the beach and if you find yourself being able to stay up past 10 pm (beer, heat and food seem to make this task next impossible) there is entertainment nightly.I could go on and on with the accolades. If you booked here and have some reservations after reading some of the reviews on here...don't...you'll love it.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>no birds singing As you filter through reviews here - don't get too confused: Remember, it's all subjective and based on personal expectations of what makes a great holiday.For me - despite the great reviews I read on this site, Sirenis did not overly impress.I am a pretty experienced traveller - non-smoker, not a big drinker and very much a nature and animal lover. I was travelling with my boyfriend week of Feb 14.The resort was very large and commercial - Cocotel and Tropical really function as one - with lots of palm trees, 3 flamingos but not enough other flora and fauna for my taste. Just A LOT of people. NOT intimate!In February, expect to fight for beach chairs, seats at the lobby bar (which is smoky as hell), beach towels etc. etc. There are crowds of smoking/drinking english tourists and french Canadians who didn't seem to mind that you could hear no birds singing in the morning - or that no shells were to be found if you walked the well-trampled though long beach. That there were no nature hikes, active natural excursions to be found or even booked. (BTW - Do go down to swim at the superior Secrets beach with lots of waves - but you won't be able to get a boogie board there - or from Sirenis - another disappointment for us)The evening restaurants feature food which is fine - decent variety. But they are all enclosed! That means - rather than gazing at the sea, you get to sit for hours between courses in often harsh neon lighting. The veggie restaurant is particularly oppressive and abysmal. Frankly - I was so disappointed not to be able to have romantic dinners in the fresh evening air.Don't get me wrong - service was fine, more or less, room clean (a little boxy and no views for us), drinks good and seemed to be family friendly - beach is long with some snorkeling - But ... well... perhaps a little too commercialized and not enough of a natural exotic paradise, for me anyway... But maybe I belong in Costa Rica...  
<Date>Feb 25, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>OLA!! We just got back from Sirenis last night... The weather was magnificent , we had half day of rain...and the rest of the week was sunshine..  I wont bore you with the details already mentioned in the other reviews, but will comment on how GREAT a week we spent, well ...(once we finally arrived in Punta Cana), and irregardless of the 3 hour flight delays from Jetsgo Airlines from Montreal, or the long bumpy ride (1 hour 1/2). We lost half a day!!!  Upon arrival, it was just as we had imagined, and more...welcomed with a drink as you register, we admired the huge entrance to the hotel, people everywhere, sitting around enjoying a drink by the bars, or just lounging around by the many seats around the lobby. Ponds , flamingoes, nice grounds, clean pools, well kept grounds,nice clean and spacious rooms, ocean was great, but not white sand or turquoise waters, good variety of food, alcoholic beverages are watered down, I never felt tipsy once on their caribbean mixes...pina colada, coco loco..for you Scotch drinkers, on the other hand...strong stuff...  Little notes: -There are no facecloths, so bring your own! -Please wake up super early (6:30 am) if you want to reserve a covered hut..and even at that...we got our towels stolen one day..and removed another, people are savages when it comes to getting a covered place under the sun, of course there are plenty of open lounge chairs available throughout the pools, and beach! -Bring your own hairdryer, if your hair is corse like mine, the hairdryers in the rooms are not very strong.. -the stores on the beach to the right of the hotel(next to the falling palm tree) are a good place to buy souvenirs, and you can certainly bargain your price by half..we did.. -internet, at the lobby..runs $6.00US for 30 minutes -Excursions are expensive, but worth it..if you have kids, let them swim with the dolphins, it will cost you about $70 US per child,but you get less than 15 minutes with the dolphins.. -Nightly entertainment, well what can I say...they certainly try their best, and that in four languages...We saw a Magic show, Michael Jackson wanna be...something different every night.. -You may want to try your luck at the Casino..dont expect anything but a small room with some tables and a handful of slot machines. -disco..great for teenagers over 16... -day activites included...strectching on the beach, spanish lessons, dance lessons, aqua gym, pool games and activites, basketball, volleyball...and the list goes on... -If you have kids, mine were 12 and 16, the game room is a fun place to meet other kids your own age and develop some interests.... -service is impeccable, the staff really does go that extra mile ... -secluded, nothing around for miles, -hotel is not directly on the beach as other resorts, alhough you can get one or two of the buidlings with beach view.. - alot of walking to do depending where you book your room, so plan accordingly.. -lots of people everywhere...if you dont like that , then dont book here..I did not mind it.. I have lots more to say....but should you need to know more, you certainly can email me.. thanks for reading me... Overall, I would go back....it truly is a great place. Have a great time!!!  
<Date>Feb 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Amanda253
<Content>Great Holiday My boyfriend and I just returned from a one week stay at the Sirenis Tropical. (Before we left, we were unclear on the relation between the Sirenis Tropical and the Sirenis Cocotal - the Tropical and the Cocotal constitute one resort - the Tropical rooms having one bedroom suites and the Cocotal having standard rooms).Positive:The grounds were very impressive, especially at night. The rooms were large and clean. The staff were very friendly.Beach: beautiful and well kept. Great snorkling just a few meters into the water. Walk to Secrets (a nearby resort) and body surf (the water is much more wavy there).Food: We ate 6 of our 7 dinners at a la cartes. We found most of these to be very enjoyable, particularly the Mexican resturant, the Creperie, the Pizzeria and the Italian restaurant. The Vegeterian restaurant has good food but was in a brightly lit room within the main buffet itself, and as such I found the atmosphere unpleasant. We did not find the Steakhouse food to be very tasty. We did not eat at the Chinese, Mediteranean, or Giardinettos resturants, mostly because they were always booked up when we tried to reserve them. Advice: eat as many dinners as you can at the a la cartes. We ate one dinner at the buffet - it was crowded and we anticipated that it would get repetitive and boring were we to eat there every night. If you're willing to take later reservations (ie 9:30), you shouldn't have a problem getting reservations - we never rushed to get into the reservation line up.Santo Domingo: we went on the day trip to Santo Domingo and it was well worth it. Santo Domingo is a large and interesting city, with history I did not know about (ie its connection with the Columbus family).Negative:The house wine is absolutely awful (both red and white). Advice: Bottled wine is available for purchase with your meal; however, during the week we were there the resort was sold out of the more reasonably priced red wine. Important: If you do buy wine, do not pay in US dollars, as you will be charged a very poor conversion rate (worse than the front desk exchange rate). Either charge the wine to your room and then pay on your credit card or pay in pesos.Front desk never had any change, ever. Advice: bring lots and lots of small US bills, as well as pesos. If you run out, go to the bell boys, who have lots of change on them and will happily break your larger bills for a small tip.Watersports staff: There is a $15 snorkling trip the hotel offers, where you get taken out to the middle of the ocean to snorkle. You go to a hut by the watersports section to sign up. Our trip was supossed to leave at 1:00 - we did not leave until after 2:00. Further, we were given no advice on how to select and put on our equipment, nor were we given any instruction regarding safety. Our boat driver could not speak English at all, and when I saw how wavy the water was where he took us, I became concerned for our safety. When we finally snorkled, there wasn't much to see (it was better at the resort beach). Overall, I was unimpressed with the organization of this trip. Advice: this is not a trip for beginner snorklers. Be assertive with the staff.Lounge chairs: In our experience, we could not go out after 8am and expect to get adjustable lounge chairs. These are highly desirable, because the flat lounge chairs the hotel has are uncomfortable. Advice: go out early in the morning - no later than 7am - and put some of your belongings (towels are sufficient) on some chairs to reserve them for later). I don't regard this as playing fairly, but it was necessary to get chairs at this resort.Road to resort: very bumpy road that takes about an hour to negotiate - made me motion sick. Advice: take some Gravol - travelling the road is worth it.Meal times: For people facing a time change (ie Vancouverites lose 4 hours), the first few breakfasts at the resort may be difficult to attend, because the main buffet closes at 10am (6am Vancouver time). While there is a snack buffet open shortly thereafter, it has a very limited selection. Advice: The buffet breakfast is worth it to attend, so try to make it.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GuntherMeister
<Content>A Great Week Away Well, after reading so many reviews about this place prior to our trip, we had to laugh. We just came back from a great week away and can understand most of the comments made about the resort. Ultimately we recognized the fact that a lot of people like to complain about things and make mountains out of molehills... The key to an enjoyable time here is to go in with the right expectations - if you know what you've signed up for, it can be easier to accept. Here is our take:(1) Skyservice provided a safe and on-time flight, despite the fact that you will be crammed into the plane and will have to pay for any beverages. Unfortunately this is becoming all too common with airlines... (2) The bus ride from the airport to the resort is very bumpy and entertaining to say the least. I thought that the hour went by quick because you get a chance to see the country. It makes the streets in Toronto seem like you're driving on glass... (3) The resort itself was well kept and the rooms were great. We felt right at home and thoroughly enjoyed the pools. Yes, if you want a good seat at the pools, you have to wake up early - but well worth the effort. For whatever reason, we did not experience the muskito problem that everyone else seemed to encounter... (4) Yes, the food is good but not great. By the end of the week we were ready for a home cooked meal. But isn't it always that way after a vacation?Overall the service was excellent - they always tried to go that extra mile to help out and were not at all slow paced or rude as some had suggested. They went out of their way to have fun with our 3 year old son and always had a smile to offer. It was clean, nicely maintained and well run. We would recommend this resort to anyone with a family or who just want to get away for a great week of sun and swimming. Enjoy!  
<Date>Feb 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Could be alotttttttttt better Everything started off really good. My family and I went to Punta Cana in August. The weather was great, it was extremely hot. Sirenis Tropical was alright, the rooms were great, but the food was a different story. They did not have much varity. My sister and I along with many other families who we met there got extremely sick, we were not able to move because of how bad the pain was and how disgusting we felt. Feeling that way really ruined the trip. It is a beautiful resort, the beach is not to great but it was ok, the food though needed to be changed. I would not really recommend it because I wouldn't want any other individuals to get sick and have a wasted trip!  
<Date>Feb 18, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>definitely not 4, 4+ or 5 star rating My husband, myself and out daughters (18 and 14) returned from the Sirenis today. We were extremely disappointed. Firstly, we flew with Skyservice, extremely crammed, have to pay for all extras including water or snacks. Meals both there and back were 1 slice of ham or roastbeef on a bun, attendants not exactly the friendliest. We did get there and back safely though. The ride from the airport to the resort is a good one hour long and extremely bumpy, huge, huge potholes. The resort is clean, well maintained and most of the staff is friendly and try hard to communicate. We had trouble with our shower and they fixed it right away. The beach is dark sand with lots of tree roots exposed, and not very well maintained. Lots of loungers on the beach but it is also very crowded. The water is rough and not a nice aqua blue colour. The pool is huge and clean. Very limited seating around the pool unless you get up really early to reserve your chairs. There are lots of different places to eat however the food is not really that good. We did enjoy our dinners at the Italian and Chinese restaurants though. The buffet is pretty simple with very limited choices. Even after three days you get tired of the same things. For the most part the entertainment was pretty good. Had a couple of shows they could do without. The activity crews try really hard to get people to participate in things like spanish lessons, aerobics (beach and water), volleyball, dancing and silly games. Actually, quite entertaining. This was our first time to Punta Cana and we'll definitely think twice before we go again. If we do go again I will definitely stay in the Bavara Beach area. We went on a snorkeling excursion there and we were quite impressed. I do realize everyone has different likes and dislikes and some people are definitely very impressed with this resort but if you have been to 4+ and 5 star resorts you know this definitely isn't one.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2004
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>boobooboo
<Content>Great Holiday We travelled to Punta Cana on January 15th for a two week stay.First off if you have a choice travel by any other airline instead of Skyservice. The flight was very uncomfortable. As in an earlier review sardine packed states it all. Also they charge you for absolutely everything including water.The resort itself is wonderful. If you enjoy getting away from everything and having a totally relaxing vacation this is the spot for you.The suites were a little smaller than expected but extremely well kept. Sheets changed daily, and our maid made us so many animals and birds out of towels that we could have opened a zoo.There are alot of mosquities so do bring some bug repellent. Also they spray for the bugs at some very strange times so if you hear what sounds like a lawn mower be prepared to evacuate the area.The beach is beautiful and well kept. Good swimming areas, but some rocks deeper in the water. Most days were very calm, but there is a reef so some waves can be expected.The pool is huge and very clean, but they do use a lot of chemicals to keep it that way so if you have sentivive skin beware.Food was very good although it got to be a bit too repetitious after the first week. There is a little beach restrauant located next to the resort on the beach. Treat yourself and have a lobster dinner there, well worth the price.Staff was very friendly, a small tip here and there goes a long way in securing good service.Lots of tours and excursions offered. We did the Sonana Catamaran tour. It is 1 1/2 hours on a bus to get there, but this also gives you a small glimpse into some of the small villages and the larger town of Higuey. The beach that the catamaran takes you to is gorgeous.Also don't forget that you can order international drinks at no additional charge. Just be sure and ask for it by name, Barcardi, Dewars etc.All in all a very enjoyable holiday with just a few quirks.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>it was wonderfull Me and my family had a wonderfull vacation. the food was good and the staff was happy and funny.the night shows were a blast and the pool was amazing.the ocean was so clear and the sand was clean. the hotels were always clean and the whole resort was always tidy. i would defenetly go back ther again and i would recomend it to anyone who wants to have fun with the family or by themselves.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dalby
<Content>paradise just returned from this hotel, we found it paradise, the staff are wonderfull, all ways helpful day or night, found the food good, rooms very spacious and clean, beach and pool fantastic, just one thing, plenty of sunbeds but not to many sunshades, we had to get up at 7oclock to get one, but hey who wants to stay in bed anyway, we where naughty on the night before our last day, we put our towles on at 12-15 night time, he he, we got the bed we wanted, would recomend this resort to any body that wants relaxation and fun, can recomend the sports bar, (even if the balls on the pool table roll to the side)  
<Date>Feb 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Doesn't Get 5 Stars With Us My family and I recently returned from the Tropical Suites. This was our third visit to Dom. Rep. First time to Punta Cana. We will never fly Skyservice again. You are jammed in the seats and you have to pay for beverages - including water. We booked our seats in advance but they gave one of our seats away anyway and the staff wasn't very personable. The bus ride was horrendous. A trip that was to take over an hour to the hotel was completed in 50-55 minutes. The resort is very large, the food was nothing impresive, the Crepe A la Carte restaurant was good, the pool was amazing, the ocen was fabulous. Beautful aqua colour and soft soft sand. Some of the staff were downright rude, not to us but to others. We did encounter a few problems with late check-out and suddenly from no where there was a huge language barrier. The rooms were big enough and clean and the grounds were very well maintained. Our room was too far off the beaten path for our liking though. The Signature Rep really was worthless in Ottawa and in Punta Cana and because of that we will never book with Signature Tours again. We weren't the only family to feel this way about that issue. All in all it was nice to get away, the weather was great. It is not a five star compared to North American standards and we are not fussy, hard to please people. Would we go back to Sirenis? Only if it was one of our last options.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>thoroughly enjoyable Four of us visited the Sirenis Tropical from January 15th to the 29th. Aside from the Sardine Plane ride on Skyservice the holiday was great. The accommodations exceeded our expectations, the drinks flowed freely, staff were friendly and quick to smile. Speaking Spanish would be a definite asset, but they all tried very hard to communicate in a variety of languages. The activities people were always trying to get you to participate and the nightly shows were entertaining. The pool and beach were gorgeous and very well kept up. I suggest bringing US dollars (not travellers cheques) as the resorts only give you pesos. The food in the buffet was fine and the only a la carte I would avoid is the Mediterranean. The line ups to get reservations are a bit of a pain.. but if you want to go to one get in line early... I would recommend taking a taxi ride to Hiquey to go shopping as the prices on the beach were pretty funny in comparison to Hiquey. All in all a great resort and a terrific holiday Kathy and David  
<Date>Feb 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Brilliant Choice My boyfriend and I visited the Dominican from 27th August to 10th September 03 and had a fab time at the Sirenis Tropical Suites. The beach was paridise, white sand and turqouise sea, amazing. The swimming pools were also gorgeous and believe it or not we actually found free sunbeds everyday. Buffet meals weren't quite 5* but more than adequate for 2 weeks. If you can only go on one trip, Saona island is a must. We also did an aquatic tour and speedboat day which were fab. The only down sides to the trip were the transfers from airport to hotel - a long time on dodgy roads, and the night life. The hotel entertainment was ok but if you can, take advantage of a 2 min bus ride to the sister hotel to use they're casino and watch they're shows. Great fun!!! In all the weather was great, rooms huge, food good and activities marvellous - just take plenty of insect repellent!!!  
<Date>Feb 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic value We stayed at the Tropical Suites from 7th to 21st Jan. We've read lots of the reviews on the Sirenis on this website and our overall opinion was suprise, did some people expect? Its obviously not a real 5 star property like you would get in Europe or North America, but it is a very good all-inc resort. Yes this is a very remote location upto 90 minutes from airport on very bumpy road, but when you get there you have got literally miles of unspoilt beachfront with only 'Secrets Excellence' resort to share it with and they're 1 mile away. Their is a wide choice of restaurants and the buffet changes daily along with the quality, but remember this is allinclusive if you dont like something about your meal go and get a different one its free!!! The grounds, pool and beach areas are huge but still immaculately maintained. All the bar staff are great but like any place some speak better English than others. Be patient and polite and they'll do anything they can. There is proper organised beach activities, kids clubs and entertainment every night plus a Casino on site you've just got to read the notice boards to find it all. Don't believe the brochure the Sirenis isn't on the Caribean side of the island but the sea was warm and clear and the beach was fine golden sand. If you really want to see the true Caribeean side go on one of the boat trips to Saona island, everyone we spoke to loved it. Best tip is if your there when its busy take your pool towels (that the hotel provides) back to your rom at night so that you can put it out early. The pool towel attendant doesnt start till 9a.m. so if you've not bagged your sunlounger by then all the best spots are gone. 2nd tip, book for 3 or 4 days at a time for the 6 A'La Carte restaurants, is saves you queing 45 minutes each morning. Last tip take US dollars and Dominican Pesos, some thing you get a great deal for USD but a lot of things are charged in Pesos especially at the airport and hotel and their conversion rate to Dollars is criminal. We had no complaints and would recommend this resort to anyone who wants good value. If you want proper 5* go somewhere else but you'll have to pay a lot more though.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mparkin159
<Content>Fantastic!! We arrived at the Serenis Tropical after a really tiring 10 hour flight followed by 1 hour transfer to the actual hotel - but it was so worth it. The heat when we stepped off the plane was unreal, I'd never felt anything like it, especially 6pm at night and in January!! We were checked into the hotel without any delay and all the staff including the bellboys were friendly and happy to help us out. We got to our room and it was spotless inside, the beds had flowers presented on them, the fridge fully stocked and a glorious view on to the gardens - what more could you ask for?? The only problem with out room was the door - around it almost everyday were dozens of mosquitos, fortuately we were pre-warned about these so we had come prepared with lots and lots of repellent which indeed worked. The hotel do have staff going around the complex with repellent aswell so you shouldnt be too hassled by them. The pool was amazing - I realised how unfit I was when I tryed to swim all the way around without stopping - what a joke!! Again the beach was fabulous, turqoise/green water and golden sands. We went snorkelling most days and saw plenty of fish, infact there were probably more fish in the shallow parts than in the deep. The drinks were ok - not much alcohol in them, but we managed. A word of advice, they have premium drinks hidden away and you have to ask for them. The food was good, I'm quite a fussy eater but there wasnt one day when I couldnt find something I liked. We tried both the steak house and the seafood restaurant. Steak house was good but the seafood restaurant was nothing special, we wouldnt rush back there. The weather was just amazing, sunny everyday, hot and I mean HOT everyday!!! All in all a fantastic holiday and would recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>barpas
<Content>Disappointed, wondered if I was actually in Punta Cana This hotel is totally isolated, with not much to do or see nearby. The grounds are well kept, however I was dissapponted in the beach area, as I was expecting white sand, and a gourgeous blue ocean.There were not enough proper beach chairs for everyone, and they nerver seemed to be clean. The pool area was nice.Now about the entertainement, quite frankly there was almost nothing, and what little there was bad. I was bored in the evenings and so were many of the other quests.The food did not make me ill, howver it was tasteless, and not nearly what you would, expect from a hotel that claims, it is 5 star.I found the people in the restaurants tried hard, to please but had lack of training, and experience. This hotel needs, better management.Oh Yeah the bus ride from the airport, is most terrible, if not unhealthy. Something needs to be done.Next time if I do go back to the Punta Cana area, I will see about staying at Bavero Beach, instead, as apparently this area is the real Punta Cana  
<Date>Jan 22, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nice resort but...... Me and my girlfriend stayed there from the 7 to the 15 0f january 2004.It was our first trip in an all included resort.The place it self is wonderfull and very very clan,nice and roomy rooms.BUT,the food was tasteless,they have a great variety of it,its very fresh and nicely presented but it doesnt taste very good.I dont know if they cut it with water or something to get bigger quantities.Ther fish pound allong the bord walk that leads to the beach would need a good clean up.The service could be better at the buffet,it was hard to get 2 glass of wine in the same evening.Enough with the complains,we spend a very nice week,got wonderfull weather and I strongly recommand the trip to Saouna island and the Bavaro Runner jeep ride.Ill try and other resort next time I im going back to the Dominican Republique.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic beach My husband and I decided to take our 22 2O year old daughter and son to the dominican for a Xmas gift this year, we booked a trip that left on the 31st of December. we stayed at the Sirenis T ropical Suites in Punta Cana It was great! the pool is to dye for and the Beach goes for miles so if your looking for those two things thats the place to go. Our daughter had been to Cuba before and she said that this Hotel was much better and that she would go back and bring her friends. Our son had not been anywhere but he had a blast! My husband and I JUST COULD NOT GET OVER THE BEACH compaired to Porta Plata they did'nt have the blue green water with the coral reefs out front mind you it was pretty windy while we were there but you still could enjoy the Ocean every day.This was a great place to go.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kellyaaa
<Content>For our first trip to the dominician it was awesome and we would absolutely return We arrived late in th evening and were given a room we settled for the evening. When we got up in the morning there was a terrible smell in the room coming from the bathroom. We let the front desk know and they said they would fix things at the end of the day it was still smelly. We complained to the desk and they gave us a new room closer to the pool and beach. This was fantastic. We found the staff to be very helpful and keen to please. The food was excellent even our fussy eater (11 year old) gained 10lbs while at the resort. We would definitely go back but want to try another island. Even when we traveled into the city one day the native people took us under their wings and showed us around. Excellent excellent family vacation.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved The hotel was excellent, beatifull, clean and the staff was friendly and very kind. I was just there for new year's and even though it rain a lot we had a blast and lot of fun!!  
<Date>Jan 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I would never go back! We just came home from Sirenis Tropical in Punta Cana. This was the worst resort I have ever stayed at. From the moment we got off the bus it was evident that the staff are extremely disorganized. There was no direction given upon arrival, our room was not ready and when finally we were told it was ready, we walked to the room only to walk into a complete mess with dirty towels on the floor, un-made beds etc...clearly not ready. The service was terrible, the majority of staff were rude to say the least and not at all helpful. They were arrogant and I felt like I was bothering them everytime I asked for a drink at the bar...when a drink did come, it was usually not what I ordered. The food was average as was the atmosphere in the restaurants (very cafeteria style). There was no entertainment other than audience interactive style and karoke in outdoor theatres. This is definitly not the place to go if you don't have kids...I felt as though I was at Disney World...The staff could never answer any basic questions about the resort or activities, you are basically left to wonder about trying to figure everything out on your own, because 80 percent of the staff don't speak English, and don't really try to. I would absolutely not recommend this resort...maybe if you have kids and have a tolerance for poor service and no entertainment in the evenings.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nicer places to experience stayed at the sirenes tropical suites from jan 01 till the 8th, nothing to write home about.Very nice resort to look at however the service we received was poor unless you slipped the bartenders or staff a little tip.Food in our opinion (9 of us) was very dissapointing, hardly any seafood and to wait in line for over a hour to reserve a la carte was a joke.One day we waited for over a hour to be told there was no more reservations available and when we did manage to get a reservation the food was mediocre.The resort was very clean, and maintained.We did travel with kids , had we not this was definitely not the place to be.We had recquested ocean view, we did not receive, we were told that for 30$ us per person per day they would move us, we declined.Entertainment was poor to say the least.Pool area was beautiful as was the beach.Also the hotel told us there was no shopping unless you walked past the resort Secrets, a 20 minute walk, when we got to the other resorts beach they would not allow the kids to proceed on their beach as this was a adults only resort.The next day we decided to walk down the beach in the other direction and low and behold 2 minutes away was 15 shops ,apparently the staff at the resort did not for whatever reason recommend these shops.We wish they would have at least let us know.We have travelled extensively, would we go back?No.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>good time had by all it was a good time had by all we were with a group of 14 people 6 kids 4 adults This resort was the most familly oriented resort I have ever been to The Children were not excluded from anything and that was refreshing the menus clearly had the children in mind I would recomend to any one with children the only problem is the front desk never had any small bills great time  
<Date>Jan 9, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MaxRegina
<Content>Blah We just returned from Sirenis Tropical Suites late last night.I should preface my comments by noting that my wife and I have visited many all-inclusive resorts over the last several years.To begin, the bus ride to the Sirenis is terrible. It is over an hour long on some very, very poorly maintained roads (two people on our bus become ill on the ride). This may also be of concern if there was an accident, or a person has a medical condition, and needed to be transported to a medical facility.The check-in was very disorderly -- the staff weren't much help -- the were very short and were barking orders at their newly arrived guests.The grounds and lobby are average. The long fish pond that separates the Cocotal and Sirenis is fun for kids, but is pretty grungy with algae and crap.The room was average, but was not very clean. The cushion on the couch looked like it hadn't been cleaned for some time and it smelled of mildew.The pool is very large and well set-up. It looks clean, but after a scuba check-out in the pool on our 4th day, I didn't go back. There was food, peeled skin and whole bunch of crap. The pool chair covers are all made of cloth and are dirty (ketchup, spilled drinks etc.). Nylon netting is much more appealing.The beach is nice -- it was difficult to tell about the the water, as it was fairly windy while we were there, so we didn't spend much time in the water. However, because the beach faces the Atlantic, it is not as blue and not as warm Carribean waters.The food was not very good. By this, I mean it very bland and the quality and preparation are poor compared to Mexico (better than Cuba though). I didn't enjoy eating here -- it was more sustenance, whereas a looked forward to eating at all of the Mexican all-inclusives we have stayed at. On our 5th day, I became ill with a stomach type of sickness that lasted for a day and half. My wife and daugher had no problems. Another thing, they have one set of salt and pepper shakers for every third table -- what a hassle trying to find these when the places are full.The service at the resort sucked! There were a few nice staff members (pool bar), but most seemed rude and stand-offish. A number of other familes we spoke to reported similar feelings.We went on an excursion to Bayhibe (on the Carribean side). The beach was much prettier, calmer and the water was nicer. The resort we visted their (Hilton) also seemed very nice.This place is great for kids (our daughter loved it) because there are so many of them. We didn't try the Kid's club. Don't go here if you want some peace and quiet or to escape from kids.All in all, we were disappoined and wished we had gone back to Mexico, the Bahamas or picked a resort on the South side of the island. This in our view is more like a low-end 3 star resort.We won't be back to the DR for some time to come.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Do Your Homework is VERY RIGHT!!!! Everything in the review is all true I stayed the same week and I had the same experience ,never again will I go there.The people working have the worst attitude i've ever seen in a resort,,I have always been to Club Med this time I said i'll ry something different biggest mistake.Before going anywere do your research don't always trust your agent.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>a little too isolated down 12-25 back 1-1-04 loved the resort, the buffets as good as the al a cartes. A little too isolated to get off the resort. The bus rides too long, too fast and too much of a hassle. Recommend the excursions. People great!!  
<Date>Jan 7, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Do your homework!!! I was at the Sirenis Tropical Suites from Dec 28th-January 04- 2004. Before I give you my opinion I want to say for the least part that I have been to many places in the carribean. Therefore I have seen plenty of hotels and resorts. For the Sirenis-I will not go back. If I had children-maybe. It is a child playground! I love children ( i do not have any) but on vacation I would prefer to see less children sreaming and shouting. The rooms are nice. Granite counters, clean rooms but the problem is the cleaning service. They would come and do our beds and change our towels but they would never sweep, clean(disinfect) the toilet and sink. I guess when we would leave from the resort it would have been done for the next guests. At first our room had 3 big cocarotches then the toilet did not work. I had to fight with front desk for them to change my room. $50 dollars later I had a new room on the pool and ocean. The food was O.K. Nothing great. They really work hard on properly presenting the buffet, but the food was satisfactory. Do not waste your time in line for over 1 hour to reserve your restaurants such as the steak house and chinese or mediterranian restaurants-THEY WERE TERRIBLE!. Stay with the buffet. Entertainment was brutal. There was this 2 man band playing music at the front bar for a couple of hours (same songs every night). The disco was nothing but immature 16 yr old acting foolishly. And thier nightly shows are the worst I have ever seen on any resort. All summed up: very little to do at night. Therefore I relaxed at night. Which was good for two or three days. The ocean is nice, nothing more and the pool is very big, but stuffed with children splashing each other. Overall I would say that if you have children and you want to relax it is a good place to go. If you are young couples wanting entertainment and some fun like us, stay away! What I really hated the most of all this trip was the rudeness from all employees and personel at the resort. I have never seen such arrogance on a resort. Everytime you ask for a drink it was like you are bothering them. I hate that! All in all, do your homework and verify what you want, if you have children and what king of group you are. Now I know and till I have children, SIRENIS will not a recommendation from myself and my friends. GOOD LUCK  
<Date>Jan 6, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great for family We just spent a great week (New year week 2003)with our family (10 adults 12 kids).Everybody has been delighted by the place,the ambiance ,the kidness of the staff and even the food (thing unusual in Dominican Rep.).It is a clean extremly well maintained hotel with a geat pool and a nice beach.We recomand this hotel without any hesitation to any family .However it is important to keep in mind that in these countries you have to be careful with what you eat or drink to avoid some stomach upsetting or worse.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cynch
<Content>had a great week Travelled to Sirenis Dec 6-13 had a great week despite the rain in the beginning. Food is ok, people are great, night entertainment stinks, you have to buy drinks in the club at night. Hopefully, you can entertain yourselves in the lobby bar. Beach is beautiful though lots of bites from sand fleas, go prepared with bug spray. Rooms are ok, our room leaked urine from the above toliet though. Thank gawd the people in the room above were only there for two days. Sping for the suite, much more comfortable. Catch the free bus to Secrets around 10pm you can wander in and watch there show, and if you take off your bracelet you can mingle and have free drinks there too. There casino stinks, very small not even entertaining. Drink the mama juana, but not too much lol! Stop and feed the turtles and fish.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>roun2it
<Content>What was all the fuss? Just stayed at the Serenis Tropical for 2 weeks from 2nd to 17th December 03 and had very little to complain about. Beach, sea, pool, food, drink, service, cleanliness and staff all of above average standard. Why have so many people on this site given such a poor review?It is a hotel that is on its own in the middle of nowhere, there is not a lot of entertainment laid on, mainly by the entertainment staff. One word of warning, we were only bitten by the mozzies on one night and that was the night we went to the outside entertainments theatre, so be warned take and apply plenty of repellant. It is a holiday destination to relax at, do nothing read a few books and recharge your batteries. If you want fun and excitment and lively atmosphere then don't book a holiday here it is the opposite.It is not a 5 star resort, in Europe, with a little bit of work, it may just about get 4 stars. The size of the pool has to be seen to be believed. The grounds of this hotel are shared on the same site as the Serenis Cocatel Beach but it is run as one hotel. We found that the main al a cart restaurant was better than the other restaurants on the site Steak House and Mexican were OK. The one that you have to pay 11 dollars for Giardinettos was excellent, the lobster delicious.For us Brits one failing was the lack of tea in a morning, they ran out on our 3rd day and never restocked so take you own tea bags to breakfast. I did manage to find a plentyful supply behind the top bar in reception, but keep that to yourself.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>FAB time at Sirenis -Montreal, QC, Cda My friend and I stayed at the Sirenis Tropical Suites for 1 wk (Dec 6th - 13th) and although we had a horrible flight and a few rainy days due to the RARE tropical storm, we still had a blast. During our stay we befriended some great people from the U.K.,France, some fellow Canadians and of course the Sirenis staff members. We had absolutely no complaints about our experience at Sirenis, great food, excellent housekeeping, friendly staff and a beautiful beach  resort脗 what more can we say!!  
<Date>Dec 17, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Resort We just returned from a wonderful two week holiday at the Sirenis Suites in Punta Cana. The resort was excellent in all respects from the happy, helpful staff, beautifully maintained grounds, picture perfect beach lined with palms, to the lovely clean and spacious rooms. The food was outstanding in variety, taste, selection, and presentation.Our daughter was married at the gazebo on site in a simple beautiful ceremony. We all enjoyed our stay and have incredible memories and photos.We felt very safe and were not bothered by anyone trying to sell us anything on the resort. This was a pleasant difference from our experience in Puerto Plata.This is a family oriented facility where one can really relax and enjoy the sand, surf and sun. The bus ride to and from the resort was an experience but gives you a sense of the way the people really live, especially if you travel by daylight.The airport was lovely and surprising to arrive at; however, leaving was a different story. It was hot, crowded and frustrating. Departures were very unorganized and we had more than one anxious moment. At one point, the board said our flight had already departed causing a flurry of panic!The only downside to our trip was the outrageous excess baggage charges by Skyservice and uncomfortable cramped flying conditions.If you are travelling Skyservice, beware! You are only permitted 20 kg of luggage per person which includes the weight of the luggage itself! It doesn't matter if you stay one week or two, it is all the same allowance. Also, your carry on luggage is subject to overweight charges! Take out that bottled water and leave anything you don't need to bring back if you are close to the limit!Liquor is included in the weight allowance so it might be best to purchase it after you check your bags at the airport. We have travelled with many airlines throughout the world for years and never had a problem previously.Domestic flights within Canada on other carriers allow 70 kg per bag and allowed 2 pieces each!We bought school supplies, chocolate, candy, personal hygiene products etc. for the children and workers. On top of the $140 Cdn dollars in overweight charges, it was very expensive. Skyservice was the grinch that stole Christmas.We like to visit different places so likely wouldn't return to Sirenis Resort in Punta Cana, but do highly recommend it.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>gorgeous my fiance and i stayed in a tropical suit for 1 week, we were amazed by the warm welcome we got from the hotel staff they were all very helpful and polite. The bus journey to the hotel was much to be disiered but on arrive to the hotel i was speachless it was so beautiful. We went on the outback safari and enjoyed the old dominican shampane (rum and seven up) the tour guides were fun as they all played a bit of banta calling each other names from truck to truck. Our tour guide was jose and the driver named carlos both of them made my journey on the outback safari well worth it and of course seeing the true heart of the carribbeen. I think this is a fabulous holiday and everyone would enjoy it given half the chance.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>fabulous!!!!! The food was wonderful, the rooms were awesome, the service was unbelieveable!!! Activities were non stop and weather was great!!! *Make sure you load up on the sun block, you can get really burnt!We're going back again this year. If I had to sell a travel venture somewhere, this is definitely it!!!  
<Date>Nov 26, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>mixed feelings Went to sirenis tropical suites on 05/11/2003 for a two week holiday after previously going to the dom rep the two previous years.First and foremost I have to say I do not agree with sirenis rating of 5* due to the previous hotels I have been to. Sirenis has a lovely quiet beach where you may walk a good 15 minutes either way without seeing another hotel,the sands are golden and sea is blue but this hotel lacks that special carribean something I've had before. Although suites are spacious, they are dark,and we were so near to palm groves that every night the mosquitos would come under the door to attack! Pool is kept mostly clean, only draw back being the matresses for the sunbeds being sponge and once wet, never dry. In comparison to the other hotels food is good, although buffet is not the best.You can usually find a piece of pizza or have a chef make a basic pasta if there is nothing that takes your fancy.Themed restaurants are good-italian, steak house, mexican, fish and chinese. They say you are allowed to each once a week but we got there nearly every night! be early to reserve though(especially the steak house which is filled quickly).I would say of the three hotels I've been to this accomodated my fussy stomach the best, plus theres snacks at the pool bar all day long. Only thing I would comment on is the service of the wait on staff at buffet lunches and dinner. They are slow to serve and often make you feel like you are rude for asking for a drink with your meal. on more than three occasions we had finished our meals before the drinks had arrived!! All in all nice holiday if you've never experienced the dominican flavour before, but, if you're not first timers to the island I'd say you'll miss that magic you become accustomed to. I personally wouldn't go back to this hotel, but I'm looking forward to looking for a hotel with the beautiful lay outs you can get elsewhere, and the friendly staff who can't do enough for you, BUT I WILL be looking for somewhere that can be on parr with the food of the sirenis tropical suites.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BIGBUMS
<Content>See you next year!!!!!!! plane journey and airport. Me and my sister have recently returned from a two week visit to sirenis, this has been our 2nd year here and would go back time and time again. our holiday started on the 13th October the plane touched down around 5pm (dominican time) from Gatwick after a long 9hr journey sadly it was raining when we arrived but we were determined that would not put us off. As we walked into the airport we were greeted by friendly airport staff who persisted on trying to take our luggage to the coach for us but experience from the previous year reminded us not to as they want tipping but the walk to the coach is literaly centimeteres away.Coach journey and first impression. I must admit the coach journey to the hotel is hell, as after a nine hour flight the last thing you want to do is get on a coach for a following two hours, maybe this was because it was dark and wet and we couldn't see the real dominican life and friendly waves and blowing kisses as you travel through their poor but friendly towns. When we arrived at the hotel (wow!) we had tears in our eyes as it was so fantastic. we were welcomed with a complimentary drink, the cases were left for the porters to take to your room a small tip is appreciated. After check in we made our way to our room. We were tired from the long journey so decided to have a quick look around to see if we recognised any of the animation team from the previous year and to see if everything was still as wonderful. Food is available 24/7 but to be honest we just wanted a good night sleep.The hotel. If you are expecting the Ritz then this is the place for you everything is immaculate and you wouldn't believe the size of the place! The room had two double beds a bath/shower, mini bar stocked daily with soft drinks and colour tv. We were lucky enough to have a sea view but most importantly it was very clean. The lobby is huge with marble flooring and has a double sided bar in the middle so you drunks don't have to worry about queuing for your all inclusive drinks. This is where our favourite bar staff Mario and Fidor worked. This is also where the main restaurant is im not joking there is food to suit everyone! not all to our taste but we soon found out what we liked by the end of the holiday.The pool and beach and Entertainment. The pool opens at nine but people are in there from seven. This is the biggest pool i have ever seen in my life and contains two pool bars, say hi to Esteban for us he works in the cocotal side poolbar bar if you give him a small tip he will make sure you are well looked after he never stops smiling and dancing. If you have any cds you want him to play round the pool he will be happy to, and by the end of the day will know all the words. All the entertainment takes place around the pool 9 o clock spanish lessons with the lovely Manuel and stretches on the beach with the beautiful Carmen Electra! Crazy games are at 10 o clock on the beach with MC Jesus you must take part as it could entail a medal and certificate in the evening shows and were also very funny. At 11:00 there will be a merengue lesson on the beach with all the entertainers followed by the club dance i can guarantee you will know this by the end of your stay. Lunch is between 12:00 and 3:00 so you can either relax by the pool or on the beach or go and stuff your faces. The beach is better than you can imagine and is like being in paradise you can take part with the watersports or swim in the turquoise waters. If you are taking small children then there is a fantastic kids club entertainer called Angelica who will take care of your naughty naughty children (as she says, )she is the sweetest person and is very funny. If you fancy going to the gym Ishmel will look after you and he also does the aerobics on the beach on an afternoon (a very sweet guy) .Evening Entertainment. After filling your faces or boozing at the bar! its show time folks! Entertainment starts at 10:00 in the theatre BEWARE to put on your mosquito sprays as these could ruin your holiday and cost you a bomb at the doctors. The theatre is where you meet all the entertainers Ricky Martin(very funny) Manuel. Jesus, Naomi Campbell, Carmen Electra, Henry, Roberto (great dancer), Ronald, Eminiem (dont know his real name but he is very good at doing the languages and he Loves-his-job. Mimi, mira, and Condorito the clown (shorts dude). After the show you can either go back to the lobby until 12:00 thats when the bar closes or hot foot it down to the disco untill 2:00am no doubt the entertainers will be in there dancing the night away they never get bored of it.There is also a sports bar in the resort this is where Antonio works behind the bar he is very friendly and has a lovely smile. there is a pooltable and foozball in here.I would recommend this hotel to anyone and will see you next year back at the Sirenis Hotel!!!Jade and Kelly. EnglandIf you have any questions do not hesitate to contact us on bigbums02@AOL.com  
<Date>Nov 14, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>bring pepto bismol We went to Sirenis Tropical Suites October 4, 2003 for a week. This resort is quite nice with a great beach. The pools are big and have swimup poolbars. Some of the Staff do not understand English at all and it can be somewhat difficult to communicate. The food is not that good. Lunch is the best meal of the day at this resort. We both got sick after the third day and I was still sick a week after we got back. Many other people I talked with also complained of stomach virus. Other that that we had a good time but if we ever went back to Punta Cana we will stay at Secrets Resort next door. We have been there before and it was 10 times as good.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Butlins abroad.... but with sunshine! 2 weeks in the Carribean and you expect the best. The Sirenis hotel was everything that we could have asked for, a fantastic beach, extremely funny entertainment (thoughts on the Michael Jackson show would be appreciated) and a really friendly atmosphere. The Animacion team work day and night to ensure you have a great time and if you get bored of the resort you can always venture out of the complex although I wouldn't suggest the local Coyote bar... they may still be snail racing (UK provided entertainment). You could even learn the hotel song whilst dancing the Merengue on the beach or stretch to the sound of panpipes! If you are heading that way this winter, you will no doubt have a fun time, relax and avoid the sand fleas at all costs!  
<Date>Nov 10, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved every minute at this resort The staff at this resort went out of their way to make it a happy  festive time for the young and old. They provided daily entertainment, spanish  dance classes, nightly entertainment along with a disco with a great dj that played local  current hits that are being played in the states. The food was excellant. I noticed they had sinks behind certain areas where cooks were handling items, such as the omelet guy  the smoothie girl. I also noticed the cooks washing their hands often  others coming out to make sure the buffet area was well stocked  neat. The bartenders remembered drinks that you expressed delight in drinking  were always smiling  very pleasant. Our room was kept very clean  we received fresh towels daily. I read every comment I could find prior to us leaving  I took heed to the comments. We overindulged with the food  liquor but we didnt get sick. We took mosquito repellant but we were still bitten several times but that didnt stop us from relaxing in the beautiful quiet sitting areas. They always had local music playing  often had a small trio of musicians poolside with live music  dance. We were thoroughly entertained. We went to the shops to price things  then went to the markets to barter  came out with better deals.If you dont find anything at the markets, then it is cheaper to buy from the store in front of the resort than it is to buy at the airport. Please take small bills. At least 20 in ones because the store in front never had change. We applaud the staff at Sirenis  I plan to return before the year is up. Go there  enjoy everything they have to offer.If you arrive between 4-6pm go immediately to the snack area by the pool to eat because dinner doesnt start until 730pm.Make reservations daily for dinner starting at 8am-noon. The mexican restaurant was delicious (so were the others) but that was my favorite along with the buffet restaurant where u can try several types of dishes. Work your way thru the drink menu. If you have any questions I would be happy to assist. Please email me. Life is short, create your own happiness!!  
<Date>Nov 6, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place for vacationing I have read too many bad reviews. I don't know what is wrong with this people I 've stayed at that hotel before and never encounter a bad employee or bad food. I think those people that complained of the service are confusing the hotels name. The first time I went to Sirenis Tropical, I was not sure if I wanted to stay there because of those bad reviews but after staying there. I got to tell you it's the best place to stay and relax. The animation team are not profesional performers but they make a good effort to keep you entertained. And when it comes to kids, they spend a good deal of time having fun at the kids club. Good work!!!! For those complainers , I did not see any insects or flies all over the food nor bad staff, the mosquitoes at night are part of a tropical country so there is nothing you can do about it but at least they are not blood thirsty insects attacking people left and right. Me and my familly like the place so much that we are going back a third time. By the way my wife is Dominican and we travel often to the Dominican Rep. and we have stayed at different resorts .There must be something good about this one because we have stayed twice at Sirenis Tropical.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2003
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>How is your Spanish?? I stayed at this resort from Oct 11.2003 until Oct 18 with my two children one 13 and the other 12. I booked this trip last minute and got it for a song. That said I expected an average resort yet a relaxing week in the sun with my children working up to the holiday season. What we were in for was an excellent room with all the comforts. We had a suite with two queen size beds in one room and a sofa single bed and desk in the other. My son was thrilled at the prospect of a desk as he brought a liitle homework with him. The food was good. We did not get sick but went prepared. On the third day we each took a dose of the pink stuff just in case. I actually got that recomendation after reading a review such as this. The pool is wonderful with a swim up bar at each end. More than one evening was spent there talking taxes with the British among other things. I don't drink alcohol so that might in part explain why I didn't get loose lets say. I'm sure if anyone drinks 15 pina coladas in a day then might get the full effects. The beach is beautiful. My kids dug a hole so deep they could stand in it. My son and me are divers so we took them up on a costal dive 3 times. Just diving in water warmer than 5 C is great for us but as carribean diving goes its an average resort. Nurse sharks, jelly fish and the various reef fish at 45 feet were just fine for us. All in all you are not taking any chances visiting this resort. I recommend this holiday without reservation and wish you a good time.Paul  
<Date>Oct 23, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place We visited Dominican Republic and stayed at theSirenis Tropical Suites hotel in January 2003, and enjoyed it very much, the weather was great and the employees were amazing and very helpful to us, we would reccommend this hotel to anyone and it is also great for kids.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Go prepared a must Four of us spent a week there at the end of Sept, 2003, 2 got sick for the duration, 1 fell ill towards the end, all from stomach problems. Suspected areas; Food handlers at the buffet restaurant are not well trained, they would use the same thong to put meat on the grill and then put cooked meat on your plate - cross contamination. Flies are all over the restaurant. Water used to mix the various fruit juices, and there are a variety of them, may not be clean. They only said that they make ice from purified water. If you are attracted to mosquito bite or insect bite, be sure to bring along Deet or aniti bug spray. Reason; the hotel is surrounded by lovely water ponds to hold small aquarium fishes and flemingos and water fowls, water that breeads mosquitos and other biting insects. Otherwise, the hotel is good, swimming area is clean and immense, the beach area has hundreads of coconut trees, water is accepatable but its not very calm and relatively clean. There are 5 theme restaurants but we liked the steak house most. The service staff is acceptable, you are better served if you tip those around you.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good and bad My husband and i arrived at the serennis trop suit on th 17th sep 2003 after the transfer from hell.It said in the brochure approx transfer time 45 mins.However it took us 1 hour and 45 mins along rough roads in a taxi without air conditioning.When we arrived we were welcomed with a much needed cold drink.check in was very swift.We were given a map showing the position of our suite(our home for 2 weeks).The bellboy brought our cases to us shortly,and showed us where the safe was and how to work the air conditioning very helpful.We were positioned so that our balcony faced the beach which was very near. The rooms were lovely they were immaculately clean and had everything that we needed.The fridge was stocked up with soft drinks and water daily.We thought we were in paradise! However a few days into our holiday my husband developed diarrheoa and stomach cramps.We took immodium which helped the diarrhoea but he still had the stomach cramps, after a few days we went to the local shop where they sell remedies for this but it was very expensive.Then as my husband started to get better,the second week i had the same symptons,and we ended making another trip to the shop for some more pepto bysmolat seven pounds a time!I was ill on my birthday!However the maid cheered me up by making a display of swans with the towels and fresh flowers!We feel very dissapointed , as we were unable to eat or drink much or participate in the activities due t being ill.We got friendly with another couple and they had the same symptons as us,we also overheard several other people complaining of upset stomachs,some person had an accident on the footpath leading upto our suite!!It is a real shame because the complex itself was brilliant and immaculately clean,the staff were very efficient and friendly and happy in their work!They also loved children and made a big fuss of them!Unfortunately it has put us off,and we don't think we will be going back to the dom rep in a hurry.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>good and bad Me and my Partner stayed at Sirrenis for a week in April 2003, the flight over was a complete nightmare 12 hours on a plane where i could not move for being so squashed [ upgrade if you get the chance] our first impressions of the hotel and complex was that it was beautiful it really was, however me and my partner ate in the restuarant that first night and by the next day my other half was throwing up blood and could not leave his bed. Was told by the RUDEST doctor ever that he would need an Ambulanve to the hospital which would cost us nearlly 150 pound [one way] and me being an idiot did not have my credit card and could not afford this so did not have the cash to fund it [ bearing in mind had 6 more days there] and also I had forgot my medical insurance info!!!! der!!! He was then given an injection and some medicine which cost in all 150.00 plus 100.00 in calls back to uk. After 3 days he was well enogh to start enjoying the holiday but other than lay in the sun all day ther was Nothing to do as we had no money left so could not do any day trips. The staff are friendly but reception staff speak very little and the site is really really clean but being 22 and wanting some nightlife there is none other than a little supposed to be nightclub but you had to pay for all your drinks and we had NO MONEY!! If you are going to this resort then please dont think its awful its not we were very unlucky but it is only for people who just wanna chill out and not do anything. And also do watch your stuff around the pool because to top our holiday off we had our cd player with about 400 pounds worth of cd's stolen and nobody wanted to help us so we just could not wait to go home. It really tested our relationship as couple, it brought out the worst in us.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JJG08
<Content>Lovely vacation Sirenis Tropical Suites .... we had an excellent experience. The staff were friendly, the food was great and the resort clean. We stuck to the buffet after trying the seafood restaurant which was limited and not what we're used to here. The buffet was excellent with lots of variety and flavour, no shortage of food here. The restaurant staff are always attentive and polite. There was plenty of bottled water. Bring an adaptor if you need to use anything electrical, otherwise you can purchase one at the hotel for approx. $2.00. The grounds are lovely. There are plenty of water sports. The evening entertainment was excellent with a magic show one night and professional dancers another night. All in all a good vacation.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It had it's ups and downs My husband and I just returned from our vacation from this hotel. I must say that the resort is absolutely beautiful. I loved the pool. I noticed that someone said that it didn't get cleaned often but I saw someone there every night cleaning, so to me it seemed clean. The rooms were huge and the cleaning staff were extremely nice.As with any vacation there are always some downs. My husband and I did not like the food much. The breakfasts and lunches were alright because it had the typical toast, fruit, bacon, eggs, and all of that but the dinners I found to be horrible. Every time I ate the beef or pork I got sick. If you do anything for dinner, I would suggest avoiding the buffet and sticking with the included restaurants. We did not like the chinese (that had us both VERY sick) but the rest were very good and we did not hear of many people who did not enjoy it.Because we were on our honeymoon we were supposed to have breakfast in bed the first day (which we arranged to have at 8am) as well as a free dinner, wine and what not. We did not receive the breakfast until the last day even though we daily booked it and waited in the room.The trips we went on were great! We went to Saona Island and the Marinarium. Saona Island is not good if you have any sort of sea sickness. One of the girls we met there was extremely sick the whole time on the Catamaran. The Marinarium was awesome. Swimming with the nurse sharks (also called sand tiger sharks) and the rays were great. If you are planning on an underwater trip, bring your own underwater camera as they cost $15US there.The staff were very nice but also very friendly. It's hard to tell if they are just really nice or hitting on you sometimes. The drinks are VERY strong so if you like a lot of alcohol they are great. If not, just ask for a little of the alcohol. They have no problem adjusting drinks to your taste. The one and only drink I really liked there was called a Caribbean Surprise (non-alcoholic). Everyone was drinking those.Overall the trip was well worth the money. Just make sure you bring some pepto bismol, gravol, tylenol etc because the meds there are very pricey.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>El numero!!! We just got back from Dom. Rep this morning, having spent 2 lovely weeks at this resort. The resort is superb, and the staff are great. The choice of food at the buffet restaurants is good, and although the food at the alacarte restaurants is nice, it can become repetative as the menu choice is limited. Being vegetarians, we did not always have much to choose from.The entertainment is superb!!!!A great family resort. We were a group of 4 adults and 2 children aged 1  3.We are missing the place already and have only been back home for 10 hours!Nik, Priti, Pratham, Nij, Aekta  Nishel 2 October 2003  
<Date>Oct 2, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A good four star at a reasonable value For me Sirenis was the first trip to the Dominican however while there I had the opportunity to join a travel agent on site tours of 5 other resorts and I came to understand some of the key differences. Applied below is my opinion.I stayed in the Sirenis Tropical suites from September 5-12, 2003 with my traveling companion.Staff:My first impression of the staff at this resort was very bad. As it turns out there were several reasons for this.1. The Front desk staff was poor hands down. 2. It was very busy the night we arrived. 3. Language was sometimes a barrier.However as the week went on we came to find that as long as we didn't deal with the front desk staff and displayed some patience with the occasional language barrier we were doing well. In fact we came to like several of the staff very much, Luis the swim up pool bartender and Willfrado the main lobby bartender.In my mind the majority of the staff was friendly and helpful with the notable exception of the front desk that couldn't anything right including sending incoming calls to the correct room.However other than one unpleasant incident with the woman seating people in the El Rancho Mexican food Steakhouse restaurant the serving staff in the restaurants were excellent. At one point we were trying to decide what had to be imported to the island and what couldnt. The person we asked didnt understand the question, though he understood everything he needed to get us the correct drinks during our meal. Even though when we realized we insisted it was nothing in Spanish he brought by a supervisor who gave us an excellent run down of what was local and what was not. Basically most of the foodstuff was local with some fruits and specialty items being imported. All the wine came from Italy, I later found out that the wine wasnt that good.We found that the front desk was unable to successfully execute wake up calls. We received one of the 3 we asked for during our staff. Incidentally I went down to the front desk two of those times to ensure they wrote it down. One of those times we received it the other we did not. We also witnessed several arguments between the front desk staff. As a general rule our assessment was the front desk staff was correct, however they delivered the message so poorly people didnt understand why they were being given the answers they were.After the first night I found most of the bartenders to be quite friendly and a smile and a greeting every time you came up seemed only to improve the service.Rooms:The suites were overall fairly nice. I enjoyed the marble in the bathrooms a lot and the beds were fairly comfortable. There were some small problems with the room in that there were a few lights burnt out, the third part of the closet door was jammed and it could be very difficult to close the balcony door and lock it from the sitting room.Once again we ran afoul with the front desk staff when reporting this. We had been told someone would be down today to fix it, but no one ever came. Later the opportunity for my companion to speak to the front desk manager arose and there was a crew down to fix the room immediately. From what I understand of the conversation we downplayed the room concerns and he indicated he was concerned it had not been written in the maintenance log. While he seemed to be trying very hard to ensure all guests happiness from the description of the conversation he had some challenges he fostered off on others. Its not my fault that they dont do what they are told. Sorry my friend as pleasant and effective as you were yourself it was your task to ensure that your front desk staff met your requirements.Food:We found the 2 restaurants we went to a mixed bag. You had to reserve you dinner location between 8:00-10:00 am or eat in the buffet, and you had to go down each day to do so. Your received one advance booking for a restaurant of your choice which you could make any day between 4:00 and 8:00 PM, but only in person. Ironically the person who handled the bookings had the best customer service skills. We also found out they take very seriously the warning that unless you show up within 5 min of your appointment it will be cancelled. This was for me one of the more unpleasant aspects. When Im on vacation I dont want to live by the clock.We used our advanced reservation of the Seafood restaurant, which was quite good, and we made one appointment for the steak house, which was passable. In the end I would say the buffet was the superior experience. If you go I recommend using your reservation for the seafood restaurant and not bothering with the rest, though I do have to admit that we didnt try them all mainly because we didnt want the hassle of booking appointments.However the buffet offered a reasonable selection of items with some variation on certain dishes coming up everyday but with new main courses. Personally I found the fruit and fish dishes to be the best. Though the pasta we often very good and was made to order in a skillet with a choice of varying ingredients. The mango was probably the best fruit I had ever had with the pineapple being the next best. It probably helped that my companion showed me how to select the best pieces of Mango.I particularly enjoyed the Monte Alto coffee that was served at the bar as a latte. It was a smooth yet flavorful coffee.Once we settled on the buffet we enjoyed our dinning.LandscapeThe landscapers were hard at work on the resort every morning. I found for the most part it was a very nice effect that was created. I noted a number of people mentioned the stagnant ponds in the middle of the causeway. I found as general rule almost all the ponds and pools in the resort we visited had the green sandy muck at the bottom of the pools. Some of the fountains were under construction when we were there and it looked like the eventually plan was to have the water roll down towards the beach end.The beach was fairly well groomed and that is where I spent most of my time, though the pool was very enjoyable as well. The sand on the shore was reasonably free of debris and the one morning I went early I was pretty certain they had taken some effort to rake the beach as it was clearer and much more fluffy.Despite some of the in my opinion minor issues we ran into the whole stay was quite pleasant. I would recommend this for people who are looking for a reasonably priced vacation and are willing to forgo the restaurants and live with the occasional hassle with the front desk. I personally had an excellent time and would go back if the opportunity presented itself.Another word of warning. If you dont like a road trip from the airport dont go. Its about an hour from the airport because of the horrible condition of the road. If you want to go somewhere other than on the sponsored tours I recommend staying somewhere other than a Punta Cana resort.If you want to go to Punta Cana but you want a more upscale resort (at a higher price) I recommend Secrets Exclusive, which you could get to in about 5 minutes by taxi for $5 US from where we were. Its a five star and I was VERY impressed by their staff and sales manager.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>One of the places to stay in Punta Cana I stayed in Sirenis Resort in Sept.'03 for a week, the resort was beautiful and the service was great. It's a great place to relax and have fun with friends or family. The only bad thing that I can say about this place, is that the food wasn't that great.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Expectations We holidayed at this resort in June 2003, I looked at all the reviews before we went and found them to be a mixed bag ,but on the whole they were good, so we went with reasonable expectations ,if before you go you take into account the cost of 2 weeks in the hotel we think it is exellent value for money , We stayed in one of the suites and found it to be excellent ,the location of the resort is beautiful, you can walk in either direction on the beach for miles and only meet the odd person this is a chill out place,I read a review this week and they said the beach was full of rocks ,what rubbish it is miles of beautiful sand ,the sea has some coral reefs so you pick where you swim never found it a problem,in fact we found the reefs to be an endless source of fun ,if you took some bread rolls you could encourage the reef fish to feed and see all their fantastic colors ,the resort is miles from anywhere so enjoy and chill out , there is a huge swimming pool but we don't use pool's as we prefer the sea , but when we where there it was always kept spotless ,the evening entertainment could be better ,we often went to the next resort by minibus and played in their casino and their entertainment was of a better standard it's only 10 minutes away and it is free , there is all the usual beach things sailing kayaks etc ,the staff are on the whole very good natured and there attitude is even better when given a few dollars especially in the buffet's ,we did not bother with the themed eating places as we prefer to eat at our own pace and found the buffet's to be good in choice and standard,we did not have any sickness and I think that was probaly as we did not over indulge as most people seem to do as it is a help youself buffet, I am always amazed at peoples expectation's on holiday most people seem to eat only the best food and live in palace's at home ,for value for money the Sirenis Suites is excellent and it will always have our vote ,when I read some of the bad reviews I can only think that the Sirenis where they stayed was some other place  
<Date>Sep 6, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great spot to relax and get away! I have read recent reviews, and i don't know what they are talking about. The resort was everything I thought it would be and even more. My wife and I went to Sirenis on our Honeymoon and it couldn't have been better.When we first arrived at the resort, it was 10pm and everyone was tired but the staff greeted us with smiles and a cocktail while we waited to check in. This took about 20 minutes and then we were off to our hotel suite. We recieved a nice room with a separate living room and large bathroom. A very nice surprise.The next day it rained so this gave us a great chance to check out the facilities inside, including the numerous eating establishments and dining areas. I have seen a lot of reviews about the food, but when you go to another country and eat different types of foods, they might not always agree with you. In my opinion, the food was great, the fruit was fresh and plentiful, the drinks were strong and tasty and I would go back in a heart beat. we were very sad to leave.As for the sun, it was 85-100 each day and I have a nice burn to prove it. The pool is enormous, always clean and very refeshing. The 2 poolbars was very convienent.The staff was great, and friendly. The only thing I would have changed was the kid factor. I found either people were there on the honeymoon or families took their kids on a trip before school started. Other than that, it was true paradise! Enjoy...Please feel free to e-mail me with any questions or concerns!  
<Date>Sep 5, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>worst vacation anyone considering going to sernis DO NOT. We just got back, and this is the worst vacation ever. first the bathroom in the room had a bad smell and each time i call to have it cleaned it would be the same bad smell until my husband took the scrubb from the cleaning lady and we cleaned it ourselves. the food was horrible, the beginning of the week nothing in the buffet menu that could be eatable only the last 3 days of the week that they had chicken, pork or beef on the menu. the beach is full of rocks and reef swimming is impossible. the swimming pool was only way, but they donot clean regularly because somebody vomited in the pool one and it stayed there for 2 days without cleaning.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hate the food...mostly pork Nice Place, pretty GOOD ANNIMATION. but when it rains there is totally NOTHING TO DO! So if you want to go there, just cross your finger that it will not rain. Food is a disaster for someone that expects quality. You will find pork in 60% of all food they offer. Very average seafood. But great atmosphere in the hotel and arround the pool. Great shows at night. Great place for kids, but not for honeymooners, Unless you don't mind babies crying when you are eating. Employees are in general very friendly. Bring small currency $20.00 at most or else they will change everything for pesos. don't try to make some US dollars change. There is very few activities you can do outside the hotel. Beware with CIGARS many are fake, and don't pay more than $15.00 For 25 cigars even thought they will star the price at $50.00. You will not be dissapointed, but it is not a four or five star hotel. LA PALMA, LA PALMA, CLAPPI, CLAPPI, (YOU WILL FIND OUT SOON ABOUT THIS)  
<Date>Sep 1, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ola! What to say. Well, this was my first visit to a resort so maybe my expectations are different from others (like the people i went with). When we got to the airport it was a little straw hut basically! The bus ride took forever! But it was cool to see the towns lit up at night (which is when we arrived). The line to check in took a while, but we didnt get there until about 11 at night, so they didnt have a lot of staff up front to accomindate the 3 bus loads of people. After we checked in we headed for the buffet. Which is open about 24 hours a day! The beach is great at night to! The first day we took to look around and find out the time when breakfast ended and suck (breakfast ends at 10 am which kinda sucks, but the restaurants by the pool are open for lunch from 12-5 with breakfast from 8-12 so there is always food). the pool was huge! and at some arears to deep for even me, and i can swim pretty good. but it was always clean and fairly empty. Other than by the pool bar. which seams to always be packed. Domingo was an amazing bar tender, we wanted to tip him but didnt see him when we came back with money. The bar staff is more polite and can speak more english than the front service staff. I found them a little rude, even when i tried to speak spanish and make it a little easier for them to understand me. we took a taxi into town with Nicolas. who is really a nice man but cant speak any english, so take a dictonary to translate with. We wanted to go to Heguay which is where the restaurants and shopping is, but the frount service man told him to go to Sabo. which is 2 hours away from the resort, and there is nothing there. so dont waste the day going there! honestly. there is a market about 5 minutes to the left of the beach, just at the atv and lobster stand. they are really nice people. and if you want to get your hair braided, maria braids hair for 25 american dollars while the resort wants 45! i would rather pay the cheaper price, and give the business to the locals! just me though!. there is another market 30 minutes to the right. same stuff as at the other market but the poeple will try to suck you in. i suggest go the the front gift shop and jewlery store before you go the market. get an idea on prices, and you can talk them down, or understand their quality. the front gift shop and jewlery store are really expensive, but their stuff is ok. the markets you cant be sure of quality and dont get a receipt, so you can get screwed over. the mamajuana works! that is all i have to say about that! the food was ok, almost the same very night, and they used a lot of pork, which was a down side for the people i was with. i didnt get sick at all. maybe i was just lucky. they do have the internet their, 7 american dollars get you 30 minutes, 10 dollars get you an hour. their are 2 computer in the lobby, and 2 in the games room out front. I really enjoyed my stay. But there was one downside. their wasnt really anyone looking out for your stuff if you left your cd player under your stuff, wrapped in a towel someone may steal it! that is what happened to a friend of mine. also, someone had 60 dollars stolen from their wallet in their room! and another person walked into their room to find someone trying on their watch! so please be careful. it is worth the money to get the key to the inroom safe! well, i hope you enjoy your stay if you are going, and i recomend it if you are looking to go!  
<Date>Aug 27, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing, amazing, amazing! Well where do I even begin....Punta Cana, D.R. is absolutly beautiful. I went there about a week ago with my mom, aunt and cousin and we had an amazing time at the Serenis resort. First of all you should know that the Serenis Tropical and Cocotal are mirror images of each other and share facilities. The only difference between the two is that the suits side has a little sitting room that we barely used. If your planning on stayign at this resort here are a few things you should know to make your stay more enjoyable. First, for a good spot by the pool, wake up early and put your towels on the chairs. There are plenty of chairs to be found, but if you want a nice spot under the shade of the little huts surrounding the pool go early! Secondly, tipping goes a long way. After the first couple days we found a great bartender, Domingo and gave him $5 US and told him there would be more coming at the end of the week, this resulted in amazing service at the swim up bar. We would call him from across the pool, jesture for our drinks and theyd be waiting on the side for us. Also if you dont get an ala carte reservation have no fear, if you go to the resaurant anyway an slip them a five they're more than willing to accomidate you. I would recomend the Italian (get the pizza) and mexican. We weren't too impressed with the steakhouse or the lobster at the mediterainian ...definatly dont order the lobster its gross, the shrimp and chicken (there dea of surf and turf) as well as the salmon are tastey. Thirdly, there is great shopping on the beach, especially to the left of the resort, good old Joe was there to give us the best deal on everything. Just remember to hagel! They expect it so dont feel bad or you'll just be ripping yourself off. Beware of the cigars though. The cohibas are fake, we didn't find that out until we got back, so unless your a real cigar conisur and know what's real and whats fake dont buy cigars. Also if your gettign your hair braided go to the ladies on the beach they charge 10-15 dollars lessi have really long thick hair and mine was only $25 US. Fourth, if your young and want to have a good time (i'm 18 and my cousin 20) MEET PEOPLE the nitelife isn't huge there, more of a family place but chilling in the lobby with other young people drinking until the bar closed was great then heading over to the disco. The music at the disco was suprisingly not bad. They played Top 40 stuff and merengue. There was an even amount of both, but dont be suprised if you hear some strange 50-Cent/merengue remix's. Fifth, bring pepto and imodium, tums, gravol everything but pepto is key because although most of the food was recognizable its still a little different. If you have a sensitive stomic expect one day of being sick. Everyone we talked to had one day of being sick and for all the other days you should be okay with pepto. I was told when I came back that they supposedly use non- pasturized milk so that could be one factor and anything that is fried , is fried in coconut oil which is a serious laxcidive. So other than that everyone is really friendly, the grounds are breathtaking, very clean, the weathers great even when it rain because it rains for about 5 minutes then drys up in about another 5 minutes, Overall staying at the Serenis resort you'll have an amazing vacation!!!  
<Date>Aug 23, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nightmare vacation In all the years that I have taken vacations, I will put this on the top of the list as the worst vacation ever. First, we had problems when we arrived with the rooms and then everything was like a dominoes reaction. The staff were the most ignorant people I had ever come across, even when being tipped, they have this attitude that says they deserve it. The entertainment was horrendous, many people had problems with the childrens activities (with children being unsupervised). Everyone got really sick from the food, it was like whatever they had out for lunch was made into stew for the dinners. Even when speaking to the manager regarding the service, he never had any time to talk or listen. All in all the resort is beautiful but the quality of food, service and entertainment was a ZERO STAR. I would never recommend this resort to anybody. If you do end up going, make sure you have medical insurance and Good Luck  
<Date>Aug 19, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great place Hi, I was at the sirenis tropical resort from 4th August to 11th August, 2003. My friend and my family with teens kids ( total 9of us ) went there on the recommendation of my travel agent. Overall it was a great trip. The food was great with great selections but we all had lots of fruit ( papaya ,mango ,etc) and drank all papaya, banana juices and also papaya, banana milk shakes. We also had fish, fries everyday. This all let to upset stomachs for all us from time to time. I had read that animal oil was used to fry things and may be that let to the upset stomach. However Pepto bismal took care of the stomachs. Reservations for the alacarte dinner had to be booked in advance. Only one booking was allowed to be booked in advance for the entire week. And for the rest , we had to get up and go to the reservation to see if any reservations was possible for that day.( at 8am ) . We managed to book in advance for the italian. And managed to get a chinese for one day. The steak was not available. When we tried to reserve for the steak, we could not get because we were 9 of us. Had we tried to book 4 and 5 seperate we may have got the booking. I felt the lady reservationist was bored with her job and didnt feel helpful.The 2 hotels tropical sirenis and tropical cocotal are twins hotels sharing all the facilities. When we checked in we all had to check in at the cocotal reception. When 3 bus loads of tourists arrived at the same time, we went to tropical reception only to be told to go to the cocotal reception. We had arrived late after 10 pm and were not informed that the restaurant was open and that we could go and eat there. We were told by a cleaner to go and eat.We were given room at the apartments P and Q. The locks were funny. It was a challenge to learn how to open the door. To open the door , we had to push the key all the way to the right clockwise and then pull the door using a wooden holder in the middle and then push the key further right and then push the door open. NObody told us how to open the door. We were helped by some earlier arrived visitors.The cost of going to the sirenis tropical was about $200 more for a week then the sirenis cocotal. The diference is in the rooms only. The tropical had a tv lounge for visitors whereas the cocotal was just like a box style with the bed room only. If u interested only in the facilities and plan to stay outside all day and night and only use the room to sleep, then cocotal was better. For 4 people I think the tropical room are better.If you a car rental, beware, there are no car rentals there , and the car has to be brought from I think the town of Higuey. If u rent it for 2 days , they bring the car to the resort free. If u rent it for one day, then u have to pay @ 33 dollars one way to go and pick up the car or they bring it to u. So beware. I rented a taxi for @125 for a day from 9 am to 5pm and it was a van for all 9 of us and we went to higuey and saw the Bavaro beach and shoped in higuey and bavaro plaza. Could not see and hotels as we were not allowed to go in .Was told that at one hotel they charged $4 to view the resort. Overall we had a fabulous holiday. Lots of eating, swiimming, and parting.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Have a Great time! August 2003Just got back from the Sirenis Tropical and a one week fabulous vacation.Traveled as a family of 4 with 2 boys ages 11 and 13.Airport Arrival The Punta Cana airport is a big straw hut. Arrival was on time and customs/baggage/boarding the bus was efficient and took in total about 45 minutes. We had no problem with the baggage carriers harassing us to take our bags. They can see that if you have small wheely bags that you don't need a porter. The bus ride is about 1 hour and 15 minutes and although you just want to get there, it is fine and air-conditioned.Hotel Arrival We were impressed with the front of the resort and the lobby. Big and beautiful. Clean and shiny marble floor. You are greeted with an non alcoholic drink (good for the kids) and check in was pretty organized and went as fast as expected. They had a lot of staff on the desk. Language was no problem, they spoke English better than I thought at the reception desk. We had requested 2 rooms side by side and both on the 2nd floor. We got exactly what we wanted! This was really important to me as the boys had there own room. Tropical and Coccotal are one and the same. Tropical has suites and Cocotal has hotel rooms.Hotel Room Clean, clean clean. The Tropical side of the resort are suites with a small living room that you really don't use. The bedroom had 2 double beds that we just pushed together. No problem. Pillows were better than I thought. I have neck problems so I was a little worried about that. Beds were firm but not hard. Best sleeps I have had in a long time. Air-conditioning worked just fine. Very nice room. Bathrooms were marble/ceramic. Clean. Water pressure and temperature was good too. No complaints. Maid service was just fine and we left $5 the first day and $2 every other day. However, I don't think the same person cleans your room every day so if you want to tip the maid, just leave a dollar or two every day.The Beach Beautiful!!!!!!!!! White sand, teal blue water. Lots of palm trees for shade. Yes, topless women. They mostly stuck to the beach when baring the boobs but the odd set at the pool too. It just became normal to us as the week went by.The Pool Huge!!!! For the most part kept very well. It may get a little cloudy near the swim up pool bars but not too bad. Please clean up your own cups when you are finished as there was some on the edge of the pool in the afternoon. Ladies, take a bikini! There were women of all sizes and ages wearing them. Don't give it a 2nd thought. Even if you don't think you'll wear one, take one anyway and decide when you get there. Swim up bars are great and were steady in the afternoon. Be patient and you will get served. Also an Hola to get there attention there and in any bar or restaurant will help. There is a lot of activities that you can participate in. There is a main board at the pool outlining the ones for the whole week. Or like us, you just snooze, swim, read and drink your day away!Saving Loungers If you need shade during the day, this is important. There are straw cabana huts at the pool and on the beach. If you want to claim one for the day, you will need to get up early. I was up by 7:30 am and down to the pool to save our loungers under a hut. You can put a towel on them, or a book or something. Once you do this you can leave it for any period of time. No one will take your chair. This obviously is hard for those who like to sleep in, but you can always catch up on your sleep on the lounger.Food Not as bad as I thought. Buffets had a lot of variety. Even picky eaters/kids can find something to make them happy. Lunch was down at the restaurants by the pool. Again a lot of selection and you can always default to fries and pizza. They have the BEST tomatoes I have ever tasted!!Dinner buffet was good too. We ate at the ala carte 4 times in the week. The Italian 2 times because they have the best pasta I have ever had. No kidding!!!! The BEST!. The steakhouse was good too. I have had far worse steaks at home. Mexican was good too. No problem in getting drinks here. Service was a bit slower than at home but not by much. We tipped $5 US at every ala carte meal. You are allowed 1 guaranteed reservation per week. The other you have to sign up for from 8-10 am. If the resort is busy, get there early (guest services in the lobby).Excursions Lots to choose from. we took the Kontiki snorkeling tour. A 1/2 day trip, lots of fun for kids and adults. Also if you want to go to the casino, there is a free shuttle to the Secrets resort. Worth the trip to see the lobby. BEWARE though as the table games are VERY fast. We won $30 US however!Tipping We did tip. Not because you get faster service but because we wanted to. These people are very friendly, happy and very poor. I took down some t-shirts my kids had grown out of and gave them to a lady there. Also I gave my toiletries I didn't use (hairspray, shampoo, body spray). We tipped when we felt like it. Take a lot of $1 US as they may not give change.Airport Departure This was a long hot irritating process for us. Really the only downfall of the whole trip. Take $20 Us per person departure tax, a personal fan from the dollar store, and lots of patience. It is a Hot and Crowded wait.Overall A terrific holiday. Relaxing and enjoyable. We would go back anytime! Have a great time!  
<Date>Aug 17, 2003
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great hotel and wonderful staff! Hola! We (my sister and I and our 18 and 20 year old daughters) just returned from Punta Cana, D.R. yesterday morning and I wanted to add my two cents worth to the list of reviews about the Sirenis Tropical Suites Hotel. It is infact, a complex that includes the Sirenis Cocotal Hotel- both hotels are practically a mirror image of each other and share the grounds and facilities. Our experience here at this hotel was wonderful. I too read all the reviews I could find about this place and with the exeception of a few minor complaints from some reviewers , all said excellent things about this place and we found them all to be true. The grounds and beach are absolutely beautiful!- lush tropical foliage everywhere. The grounds are kept immaculately clean. When you look through the coconut grove to the ocean view it looks like a tropical paradise-exquisite and breathtaking! The hotel rooms/suites are of the standard variety but clean and nice. The food and drink selection at the hotel is plentiful and varied. I worried about the food because I am a picky eater, but the buffet dinners and lunches and breakfast have a vast selection of things to choose from- and many normal things that you would likely eat back home can be found on the buffet tables- so don't worry about not finding something to eat. We found the food at the ala carte restaurants to be really great. We ate at 4 of the 5 ala carte's and really loved the Mexican and Italian ones especially. Some of the dishes (the salmon and the chicken  shrimp) at the seafood restaurant were excellent but the lobster dish and appetizers here, were not good. For a fantastic lobster dinner, try the local seafood restaurant wich is located right on the beach next to the hotel-very quaint and charming and freshly caught lobster can be had here for $10.00 U.S. per pound- we thoroughly enjoyed our dinner here for a total cost of $44.00 U.S for 4 people - four 1lb lobsters came complete with a huge plate of hot delicious french fries and large salad per person , with a soft drink each. The best thing, in my opinion about this hotel is the staff- staff from waiters to room maids to security were all extremely friendly and nice as were all the Dominican people that we met and encountered here in the Dominican Republic. They are just so darn nice!!! If I were to go back to the D.R. ( which I probably would again) the only thing that I might change is the choice of hotel simply for the fact that this is a very family- oriented hotel. We found that there were just too many families with young children here, for our liking. So for families, this is a great place but for us, who didn't necessarily want to be around so many children splashing around all day at the pool areas, next time I would choose an adults only hotel such as the 5 star Secrets Excellence Hotel, next door to the the Sirenis. P.S. - great deals can be had for souvenir shopping at the hut on the beach beside the hotel (hut on the left side of the hotel). Joseph the vendor there is a young local who is always ready to bargain and will give you a great deal. A tip about bargaining- always start at much less than half of what they are asking and then work your way up to half, otherwise you will be paying way too much. Hasta luego!  
<Date>Aug 13, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Time We had a great time at the Sirenis Tropical Suites. The resort is beautiful, the staff are nice, the food is good, you feel really safe, the weather was perfect and it's awesome not having to share a beach with a million other people from other resorts.Some of the previous reviews mentioned that the wait staff service was poor at the buffet, but my wife and I thought it was great.When your in the main dinning room I recommend you sitting back and take a look around. You'll notice that the staff are running around like crazy clearing and setting up tables for people. Sure someone does not always bring you a bottle of water as soon as you sit down or offer you something from the bar. But, there are stations all over the main dinning room where they have the bottled water set up so it's very easy to just pick on up and the bar is just outside the main dinning room.That being said we had a great time and would highly the Sirenis Tropical resort.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I miss it!  It was the best time i have had in a long time. I went to Sirenis Tropical for one week in july and i regret not staying for one more. The staff was great, and i got to meet many new and exciting individuals. I miss you Miguel!!!!!!!   
<Date>Aug 8, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the food My husbsnd and I loved the hotel, the suite, the food (lots of it) and the people. We recommend taking the Safari excursion to see the countryside and learn a lot about D. R. , swim, have lunch and have a great time. Our guide was knowledgeable and very funny. Most of the entertainment and fitness classes were done by a crew of young entertainers. I liked the fitness music on the beach although it was repetitive, and some of the fitness instructions are outdated and not safe for most people. The entertainment at the theatre, for the most part, was funny and entertaining. The only night that disappointed us and many others was their Friday night comedy act. They were not funny and definitely not meant for children. All the skits were about *** (...) Luckily we did not have our children there but many people did. I would consult with the lobby about the entertainment before going down there.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Brilliant Holiday We stayed at the Sirenis Tropical Suites for 2 weeks in July 2003. The hotel was very clean, the weather fantastic for 2 whole weeks and the beach had clear blue waters with fish swimming around your feet and the sand not too hot to walk on! We have been to the Domincan Republic before (North side) but we preferred the South.The swimming pool areas and bars were very clean, as was the hotel room. We had a mini bar in our room re-stocked with soft drinks daily.The food was superb - the best we have ever tasted, lots of variety. Anyone who complains about the food should take their own! Lots of choices for the children with chips and burgers etc. The speciality restaurants were also very good, especially the Steak House and Italian - lovely pizzas.I cannot understand the comments about the staff being unfriendly. We never experienced any unfriendliness. We found that a please and thank you (from you) now and again can go very far with the staff!!Overall I would recommend this holiday to anyone, our best holiday yet, we didnt want to come home!  
<Date>Jul 24, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>cant fault it ! I have an excellent time, i couldn't fault it the staff were excellent, the food perfect. i have only been back two days and i want to desperatley go back. 23/7/03.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Brilliant Service at the Sirenis On an allocation on arrival package we were allocated the Sirenis hotel. This exceeded any expectations I had of the Dominican Republic. The rooms were spacious and only on two levels. The maid service was excellant, and the choice and quality of the food outstanding. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Truly wonderful We returned from Sirenis Tropical on July 13 and wanted to submit a review. Like many others, we read all the reviews here beforehand and, although many were good, there were a number of complaints about the resort that worried us ... This was really a shame because the worries were completely unfounded!!! ----- The service was great - the personnel was wonderful, always smiling, singing and dancing! I have a VERY hard time understanding how complaints were made about the staff - the barmen (and women!), cleaning ladies, garden workers, entertainment staff, waiters etc... always great! And yes, they may not all be fluent in English, but let's not forget that we're the tourists in their country - they made great efforts to speak English to us, and adored it when we tried to learn some Spanish phrases!! (Don't forget that although us North Americans in general tend to think we're the most important people on the planet and that the world revolves around us... it does NOT! Over 80% of the tourists at this resort are European - most of whom do indeed know basic Spanish and of course French!!) ---- As for food - you'd have to be a REALLY picky person to complain about this, honestly. For anyone who does NOT want to try 'different' food, there's always the staple salads, veggies, pasta (which they make right in front of you), pizza, hot dogs and fruit. Admittedly, there wasn't a great deal of variety at each meal, but the food menu was changed every day, so it more than compensated! (After all, no matter how much choice there would be at one meal, you can only eat so much in one sitting anyway!). ----- Drinks - The indoor bars are surprisingly well stocked in alcohol - even if you don't see your particular choice of liquor on the menus, just ask for it and chances are they'll have it! (They even stock champagne back there!!) ----- Entertainment was far better than we expected - particularly their team of dancers!! - one evening we were actually presented with a condensed version of Cats ... which was excellent! Yes, there were 2 evenings where the entertainment was quite 'amateurish', but I would hardly complain! ----- Overall, we had a wonderful time and can't complain about anything. The hotel was impeccably clean (you could see your face reflected on the marble floors of the lobby!) and the grounds and pools VERY well kept. We stayed at the Suites .... and the rooms there were clean and very spacious (each suit had a bedroom with a king sized bed or 2 double beds, a large bathroom and a decent sized living room or lounge area with a mini-bar that is refreshed daily. Another nice plus is that, although the resort was almost at it's fullest capacity, we never had problems finding nice shaded areas to set up on at the beach or the pool (i.e. you won't have to get up at 6am to get a spot on the beach) --- Final words .... Go for it!! This place is beautiful! BUT a word to the wise, if you're going here and expecting partying, loud music and booming night life, lots of shopping and nearby cities... it's NOT the place for you. The resort is very secluded with only one other resort fairly close by... If, on the other hand, you're looking for peace, relaxation, long private beaches to walk on ....a getaway from your daily stresses... then by all means you'll truly enjoy this resort.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A trip to remember Before making our trip my husband and I read the reviews about Sirenis. Most reports were excellent, but one reported how unfriendly the staff was. I must tell you that we found this to be totally untrue. Wherever you are, you should get good service if you treat the staff with respect. The bartenders, managers, and food servers made the effort to know us by name and greeted us this way. With their little knowledge of English and our little knowledge of Spanish, we still managed to communicate nicely. Coming from America, their food was different from ours. We realized that we were on an adventure. This was part of the alure. This hotel was our answer to paradise.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>More annoying than relaxing....  I've read all of the reviews and agree with most. I just had a bad experience with the food. By the end of one week I was so overloaded with the same food over and over, I physically got sick! I did not like the food selection at all. We ate the Steak House one night and had Mexican the next- sickest food I've ever eaten- granted I'm in another country and its not made like ours. I will commend them on the fantastic fresh fruit selection. My best friend and I went on the trip alone- two young single girls. The men on the staff were incredibly forward and wouldn't stop following us around. My friend did not mind so much but by the end I turned rude to them. The last day we had to check out my noon but our bus ride back to the airport was at five. Having to get ready that early was pointless as soon as you walked out it was 30+ and humid. They offered to let us keep our room for 4 more hours only on the condition we moved all of stuff 4 buildings over at a price of $25US. That defeated the whole point. Anyways, this being my first all inclusive vacation, I will not be going back there again. I guess I'm not used to other country's ways of life. If you're young and single and looking for a place to party, this definitely isn't it- the place shut down at midnight. They do have a disco but its full of male staff scoping out the touring girls.   
<Date>Jun 27, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>place great food not overall the place was good the room was good,most staff friendly, I have read all the other reviews and most say the same, Front reception staff, should be more attentive , knowlagable, and friendly, this is the place you go for info, or if there is something wrong, so train the staff accordingly. The food is never going to be great at a buffet type place, but I think it could be better than that, Also the system of lining up at 8.00am to book a place for dinner is insane, there must be a better way,  
<Date>Jun 23, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Such a Pity about the attitude of the the staff at the Sirenis Tropical Suites The Sirenis tropical suites is part of the LARGE Sirenis Cocotal Complex although this is not mentioned in many travel brochures.The facilities are great, the hotel is lovely, the beach beautiful but the thing that lets this place down is the attitude of the majority of the staff. They are arrogant, sullen and have a definite couldn't care less attitude. One particular individual who sticks in my mind is Ivan. Be prepared to serve yourself drinks at lunchtime with your meal...he has the art of ignoring you well worked out.If you have small children, I would not recommend the Kids Club. On one occasion I found my five year old son and some of his friends in the steam room[!] and in the jacuzzi and they were unsupervised! I complained to Guest Services but still things carried on as normal. The children are generally left to their own devices, the timetable is not adhered to and also all age groups are grouped together when it is advertised that there are two Kids Club groups. You are very lucky if the Kids Club workers turn up and the mini disco takes place. Generally it was rubbish. The people who run this club are really not suitable and have no interest. The supervisor even told me that she doesn't want to work there and wants to go to Antigua instead. No holidays for us there then! It really was a shame that the staff and their attitudes were so bad in our eyes because the place itself is great. It has really put doubts in our minds as to whether we should visit the Domincan Republic again.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was beautiful! This place is absolutely beautiful! My husband, my 4 year old daughter and myself had a wonderful time. The hotel and the grounds are spectaculur and anyone who said that the food is terrible has a serious problem. There is always something that you will find to your liking. There will always be little things that are not to your liking, but let's not forget that it is not your home. I would recommend this place to anyone. The staff is also very nice. It was certainly a memorable vacation.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it, a great place to chill out! We stayed at the Sirenis Tropical Suites for 2 weeks in May. It was really excellent value for money  an overall great place to chill out  do nothing much. Food was really good, if anything the buffet better than some of the a la carte's. Best ALC was the steakhouse, we went twice  really enjoyed it there except for the mozzies!The complex is huge, but somewhat in the middle of nowhere so you are a little restricted if you want to go to lots of shopping malls etc. Some Brits we spoke to that took taxis into town for shopping said that it was pretty much a waste of time anyway! There are a few huts down the beach that sell cigars, rum, sarongs, film, suncream etc that seem to offer much better value than the official on-site shops. We took the day trip to Saona Island which was without doubt the highlight of the holiday. A leisurely catamaran trip (very big, very nice, not packed at all) drinking rum  coke, Carribean sea lapping your toes, plenty of photo's, sitting on the front of the boat watching the flying fish, speedboat to the island, more rum  cokes, beautiful beach (they filmed the bounty ads there apparently!), excellent BBQ, bit of sunbathing, more rum  coke (they do do beer or just coke as well!), speedboat to a nearby lagoon for a spot of swimming. Get the picture? A remember it for a lifetime experience. Take a disposable/waterproof camera on this trip, save dropping your expensive one in the sea! The hotel was very well kept, groundsmen working day  night keeping everything tidy. Rooms were clean,  spacious, no problems there. OK some of the staff were a little laid back, some didn't speak brilliant English, we were guests in their country after all, what do some people expect? OK, maybe it isn't a 5* hotel by European standards but hey, how much would 14 nights all inclusive in a UK 5* hotel cost? A darn sight more than this. We would definitely recommend it, maybe more of a couples place than one for kids. Its a 9 hour flight are only 2 or 3!! There were some kids there even younger than that! We didn't join in with the evening entertainment (not our thing), so can't comment on that. Every couple of nights there was a boy band on in the main bar area who were pretty good, singing to backing tapes, Backstreet Boys sort of stuff plus some Spanish songs. Not a club 18-30 sort of a place, if that's what you want, throbbing night-life, loads of shopping, this isn't the place for you. If however you just want to chill by the pool, join in with a few activities if you want, good food served all day, good quality drinks (try the lemon slush for a refreshing nice non-alchoholic daytime drink) served all day, read a book, have a snooze then you could do a hell of a lot worse than here.PS the local 151 Rum is said to be excellent for soothing those mozzie bites (applied externally that is)!!  
<Date>Jun 11, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Place But Kids Program Needs Work We vacationed at Las Sirenis Tropical the week of May 19th. The hotel and food were very good. The only disappointment was with the Kids Club. Considering we were travelling with three kids this was quite disappointing. The program didn't deliver what the timetable promised and supervision of the children was very lax. We would go to pick up our children and one would be missing and the supervisors didn't seem too concerned. Anway, for an adult getaway it would be great for a family vacation be weary.  
<Date>May 28, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>GREAT TIME! My husband and i stayed at Sirenis Resort from April 28 to May 5 for our honeymoon .....and let me just say...it was the very first vaction i have been on since i was a kid... Anyways.... i just wantd to say that we had an excellent time...we had some problems but nothing major...all in all...it was great...and i would recommend going there to anyone...We loved it..and we hope to visit there again soon.  
<Date>May 7, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Goin Back! Went to Sirenis in April of 2002 and we had a great time. The people where friendly and the service was excellent. The room and hotel grounds were well kept and very clean. Good news is that we are going back May 25th if I can get the time off work!.  
<Date>May 4, 2003
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>OMG ThE bEsT pLaCe EvEr!! I had the best time ever when I went to the Sirenis Hotels! I went with my family and a lot of my cousins on March Break. Everybody is so nice there. And everyone wants you to join in on everything like the dance lessons. Antonio, Carmen, Jimmy and everybody was awesome! I miss them so much. And Francisco (the bartender in the pool) was sooo nice. When I went there, there was a Spanish singing group called Inspiration, and they were really good.I had so much fun and I want to go back so bad!!  
<Date>May 2, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel in the sky The Hotel Sofitel is situated on the top 20 or so floors of a 50 level building. Lobby on the ground floor is in the grand style with high roofs , hidden lighting and floor to ceiling windows looking out either onto the shopping plaza (checkin) or driveway (lounge/bar). Fast lifts take your to the rooms which are set around a atrium. Ground floor of the atrium (but about level 35 I think) has another bar in the centre and a cafe on the edge of one side and a french restaurant on the other. All these share along with the rooms fantastic views over Melbourne suburbs, parks and the MCG (football ground). Rooms are generally done in dark wood overtones with olive/cream carpets and bedding. All are good size. Windows have blinds and wooden shutters but part of the attraction is to sleep in bed with the blinds up for the view. This hotel also has the best toilets with a view in town with floor to ceiling windows (who is going to see you on level 35). Rooms service is fast and prices are as expected of a 5 star hotel. Afternoon tea on sundays in the ground floor lounge is great - about AUD$29 for a buffet with coffee/ tea/ cakes, scones/ cream/ sandwiches and hot nibbles. its help your self so getting money worth is not a problem (just your weight). Small shopping centre attached (in part catering to office workers) as is a arthouse cinema and for those that can't do without, a Macdonalds across the road. Its on a tram/ trolley car route, around the corner from Parliament Underground station and about 10 minute walk from the main shopping area of the city. Location is up near Parliament House at the top of Collins Street. All in, a great treat for a weekend away.  
<Date>May 1, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We can;t wait to go back I went on an all girls only trip to Punta Cana, March 7, 2003, We can't wait to go back in three months. The resort was breathtaking, beautiful beach, swim up bars, the food was excellent you had many choices to choose from. The staff of the resort were the friendliest people we have ever met. They did not speak much English and that was part of the fun, we got to learn some of their language and they got to learn English. It was sort of a learning lesson for us and them. They were very patient and they apprieciated our patience with them. The rooms and grounds were immaculant and the service outstanding. We made sure to tip the staff that gave us good service, and left little packages for the housekeepers. We were catered to the whole time we were there.  
<Date>May 1, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>good all round place On arrival at the airport the heat was great, glad we got our visas though there we big queues as 2 planes arrived together. The hotel was joint with serenis cocotal, all inclusive food was fine much better that the special restaurants there. We felt a lack of English language spoken. There were ponds running through the hotel complex which brought loads of mosquitoes day and night! Rooms were fine. Beach wasn't as clean as i hoped, but ok. Babysitting was available, but not mentioned in the brochure 拢6.00 approx per hr. Booze for all inclusive had a good selection and all coctails were included, better than lots of hotels. Good quality food available all day and night. The entertainment staff worked hard day and evening  
<Date>May 1, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic, Great, Wonderful! Me and my family and some of relatives went there on March Break 2003. We had a wonderful time. You would never get bored, Antonio would keep you entertained the whole time! You can enjoy Spanish Lessons, water arobics, Volleyball in the pool, and a variety of games throughout the day. The food was fantastic. You could pick different restaurants, like Chinese, and the Steak House. Over all I had the best time of my life, and the only problem we had was that we wanted to stay longer!  
<Date>Apr 30, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Will never go back Visited April 13-21 with my husband and 11 year old son. The worst travel experience ever!! The location of the hotel is terrible, right on the beach but the water is full of reefs. You can't swim in peace fearing you will hit one of the reefs at any time. Kayaking was risky, people got hurt hitting the reefs! As for the hotel, beautiful BUT!! Staff very unfriendly, always in a shitty mood, asking them something is the end of the world and their knowledge of English is terrible, the hotel must invest in teaching their staff some English. Toilet seat broken from day 1, never repaired, just put back on the bowl. Leaking roof. 2ice asked for wake-up calls, 1 was 15 minits late, the other never came. We missed a day tour because of it. Front desk staff not resourceful nor sympathetic. 2 buffet style restaurants, 6 A-la-carte, GREAT YOU THINK!? You have to stand in line at 8am to make reservations for that day only. You can't make a few at once. Overall, they have 2 kinds of service, EXCEPTIONAL for the spanish speaking, and NOTHING SPECIAL for all others. Unless a miracle happens, we will never go back to the Dominican!!  
<Date>Apr 28, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place Me and my family we spent the most wonderful 3 days vacation. We are planning to go back in a few months back. The place is good for the whole family including kids.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great beach We just came back today from Punta Cana. Great hotel and gorgeous beach. The nicest beach I ever saw. If you want to get room close to beach ask for sections S, Q or P. Whole resort was very clean. Make sure to wake up early to get reservation to special restorants. The buffet was good. Too bad it did not last longer  
<Date>Apr 10, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pleasant overall I spent 7 days at Sirenis Cocotal Beach Resort in Punta Cana DR with my best girlfriend. We are both living in Canada, and wanted to take a break from our jobs and just go on vacation. For the most part we enjoyed our stay at the hotel. The beach, and ocean was very lovely. Sirenis is a very clean hotel. The maid service was also very good. Sirenis is more like a 4* hotel. The grounds were pleasant enough, and very clean. We did not care for the stagnant greenish wading water that dotted the landscape. A couple of nice running water fountains would have been nice. The flamencos treading in the wading water didn't seem to mind however. I actually enjoyed the food. I love fish of all kinds and the had a variety everyday. My only complaint - some of the chicken and lamb were too under-cooked for my tastes. Not everyone enjoys rare meat, but if you were willing to wait a couple of minutes they would cook the meat on the grill to suit your tastes. I also did not care for the hamburger at the poolside. Not you typical beefburger. The main entertainment stage was comparable to even 4* star hotel. I did not care for some of the pre-show entertainment using audience members. If you sat upfront you would require a excellent sense of humor if they got you up on stage. Once the real shows got underway at 10:00pm they were very good. The disco was fun, if you like techno, and lots of meringue, with a sprinkling of rap and hip hop. Friday to Sunday was well filled up with staff and guests. The hotel staff was very amenable to showing dance steps and having a good time with the guests in the disco. Most of the staff was quite pleasant (especially if we smiled or spoke in Spanish or French). We had some trouble communicating that we wanted wash cloths or face cloths, but they understood and supplied us with some in short order (it is not regularly supplied). We do have some tips and recommendations that we think would help make you vacation more fulfilling: 1. Take a light plastic ra almost everyday on and off. The rain was mostly followed by the hot sun. When the sun was out she was out in full force. I recommend not staying out for more than an hour on your first day, work in your tan gradually, because nearly everyone ended up peeling, and there were lots of nasty looking sunburns. Apply lots of sunscreen to you forehead , nose and shoulders. Better yet wear a hat. The sun is hottest between 12 noon and 2 pm. 2. Take money to tip. One US dollar is = to 20 DR pesos. They'll do a one way US to pesos change at the Check in Desk (so don't change ALL of your money). Tip your room cleaner if they do a good job. Tip at the restaurant and bar if you like the service. Tip the bus driver if you like his driving. Tip the bar tenders if you want. Tip the guy who carries you luggage to your room if you like the service. By all means you don't have to do it all the time, but it is nice to do it sometimes. 3. Go on an excursion, just to take a break from the resort routine. We went to Saona for the day, and enjoyed it. We also went to Higuey and visited a couple of bars. Your tour rep might be amendable to taking you, wouldn't hurt to ask. If you go to another beach away from the hotel, take some practical shoes you can walk in the water with. We saw several people cut their feet or fall on rocks and hurt their shins in the water at the two above places. 4. If you speak even a little Spanish or French it will help immensely in getting what you need. 5. If you have a sensitive stomach, take some Imodium, and/or Gravol. The food is well seasoned, and if you are only used to bland food, you might find yourself just eating French fries and hamburgers (hence the Imodium). ALL the alcohol is inclusive, hence the Gravol, and maybe some Advil. 6. Take a few long sleeved tops and pants, as it may get cool after it rains, before turning crazy humid at night. Speaking of humid, take some mosquito repellant because after the rain falls the little buggers come out. 7. Take some goggles to se hotel of course, is on the Atlantic side, and has waves - it also gets deep rather quickly from shore. But the water was lovely, and the beach fabulous. 8. At certain times of day they do not allow you to saunter into the poolside restaurant in your wet bathing suit, so bring a sarong, shorts and T-Shirt. As expected at NO time can you go to the main restaurants in swimsuit gear. Dress nicely for the evening time. Try out one of the A La Carte restaurants as well - it's all inclusive. 9. If you like to work out the gym is clean and has just the right amount of equipment. It is also built so that it lets outdoor air in, making for a wonderful workout experience. There are also several tennis courts that you can book a day ahead of time. We went for a morning run on the beach 5 out of the 7 days we were there - it was blissful. Go on and enjoy yourself! Andrea  
<Date>Apr 10, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>How About Antonio?   showReview(931314, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 8, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a beautiful property!   showReview(929982, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 4, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I loved it, it was amazing!!   showReview(922910, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 23, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it!   showReview(921498, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 20, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic!!!   showReview(917381, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 14, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>awsome   showReview(907474, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 3, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it so Much- We are moving there !   showReview(860847, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 25, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Paradise on earth   showReview(853909, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 6, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FUNCDN
<Content>Nice Suite   showReview(853618, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 6, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it! Everything was perfect!   showReview(852708, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 4, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kike78
<Content>Nous nous attendions 脿 mieux...   showReview(23307499, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>3	2	1	3	2	4	4	2	

<Author>PatMy
<Content>Complexe 脿 茅viter : usine 脿 touristes   showReview(23203423, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>katyfoucault
<Content>Voyage avec 2 enfants   showReview(23162431, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dralion
<Content>super excellent   showReview(22879393, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jblpp
<Content>tres bon hotel   showReview(22697243, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 13, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Jede Erwartung - WEIT - 眉bertroffen   showReview(22963308, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mamaoue
<Content>excellent       aper莽u de piscine  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>boudouxd
<Content>H么tel correct   showReview(21993837, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>grandduc13
<Content>Superbe hotel dand un cadre enchanteresque       La plage du SIRENIS  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>vero029
<Content>Beau Voyage       Le site  
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>4	3	2	3	4	2	3	4	

<Author>Moutnie
<Content>Fabuleuses vacances       Bar de la piscine  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>moun75
<Content>au secours !!!!!!!!!!   showReview(20789821, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	2	

<Author>duda5615
<Content>Parfait pour la famille       plage  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>libellule33
<Content>Farniente exclusivement   showReview(20149878, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	3	5	4	

<Author>berthe77
<Content>Superbe s茅jour       un des batiment  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>laufra
<Content>tr猫s d茅莽u   showReview(19519152, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	3	2	3	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Infos 眉ber Sirensis Tropical   showReview(22948206, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Jederzeit eine Reise wert   showReview(22947727, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>zelena7
<Content>Pas mal du tout   showReview(18549710, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	3	3	4	4	3	

<Author>lilote
<Content>loin de tout..........;   showReview(18126772, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>machomantennis
<Content>s茅jour paradisiaque       vue de la piscine  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mam0ur
<Content>Probl猫mes d'air climatis茅   showReview(17888237, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	5	3	3	5	

<Author>lagrandegueule
<Content>Excellent rapport Qualit茅/Prix       Le hall d'entr茅e  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>Stefan666
<Content>Wow       id茅al pour un beau mariage  
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>torcilia
<Content>1,2,3... vacanza super!       ancora spiaggia  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Annenrico
<Content>Tr猫s bon rapport qualit茅/prix!   showReview(15387814, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>nenetteduweb
<Content>Super voyage de noces       Aper莽u de notre chambre  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>horacle
<Content>plutot un 3,5/4* mais bon rapport qualit茅/prix   showReview(15196534, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>3	5	3	3	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>olichagagnon
<Content>Merveilleux voyage inoubliable   showReview(15006645, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Camarones
<Content>Hotel chaleureux   showReview(14867247, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	2	

<Author>Morena25
<Content>Simplemente espectacular   showReview(14867485, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>petitbinah
<Content>Loin de tout - plage d'Uvero Alto   showReview(14493097, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>3	4	-1	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>dofre1
<Content>Super       vers la plage  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>plume
<Content>Tr猫s beau site!   showReview(14171745, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>ColibriD
<Content>Nur f眉r Abenteurer zu empfehlen ...       Typisches Bild am Strand - mit M眉ll  
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>1	2	2	5	1	1	3	2	

<Author>geles1206
<Content>la direccion del hotel es pesima   showReview(13780938, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>French_lolo
<Content>Pas grand chose 脿 redire, presque parfait   showReview(13671514, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>Remi-Quebecois
<Content>Bon voyage       prise de courant  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sirene84
<Content>Tr猫s bon h么tel rapport qualit茅 prix   showReview(13555127, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>nad35
<Content>Endroit magnifique   showReview(13519088, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	4	5	3	

<Author>diddel
<Content>sejour Sirenis       caraibes  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>isaaa
<Content>tr猫s bon rapport qualit茅 prix       plage  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	4	5	5	

<Author>damien_barbier1
<Content>Sirenis bel et tr猫s grand hotel   showReview(12752977, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	4	3	2	

<Author>Hasan0069
<Content>Voyage de noces r茅ussies   showReview(12600380, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Ari2001
<Content>vacances magnifiques   showReview(12275209, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>natShawinigan
<Content>sejour magnifique       quel habilit茅 !!!  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nc5112
<Content>superbe   showReview(11051628, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>tof18
<Content>super hotel   showReview(10744080, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>olis57
<Content>La quasi perfection   showReview(10084779, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>chawy
<Content>pour une premiere tres sympa   showReview(10083506, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>papillon1
<Content>Super cet H么tl       Salle 脿 Manger  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bis0n
<Content>tres bon rapport qualit茅 prix   showReview(8603138, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	3	4	5	-1	

<Author>lulubox
<Content>Les chutes du Niagara   showReview(8399276, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gwen62
<Content>pas terrible pour un 5 etoile       le spa  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	3	4	4	4	

<Author>Jeza57
<Content>S茅jour inoubliable..       All茅e vers la reception  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	3	5	2	

<Author>Kang514
<Content>Excellent pour le prix, mais...   showReview(8244706, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	5	2	4	3	

<Author>diti59
<Content>h么tel tr猫s sympa       a consommer avec mod茅ration bien s没r  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>MicheleRejean
<Content>une semaine de r锚ve       le toit des trottoirs sont recouverts de fleurs  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>oce
<Content>hotel de reve   showReview(7565199, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Lina_131313
<Content>Une belle semaine reposante   showReview(7284783, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>ICam
<Content>Site extraordinaire mais loin de tout   showReview(7252916, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 30, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	2	5	5	5	4	

<Author>misspixels
<Content>un 3 茅toiles max!   showReview(7202386, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	4	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>dadey
<Content>A la hauteur de nos esp茅rances   showReview(7201870, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>jteldis
<Content>Propre et plein d'activit茅s       Fleur 1  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>ludooise
<Content>vacances de r锚ve   showReview(7010800, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SSDJ
<Content>Tr猫s beau site   showReview(6941448, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	5	4	

<Author>baboun
<Content>S茅jour g茅nial et agr茅able   showReview(6917666, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>kinou
<Content>un excellent voyage, 脿 refaire   showReview(6744504, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	3	5	5	

<Author>CHOUN
<Content>s茅jour inoubliable   showReview(6743476, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Gremlin24
<Content>Superbe site/ Merveilleuses vacances   showReview(6731590, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>picQu茅bec
<Content>Tr猫s bien, tr猫s beau voyage   showReview(6725287, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	4	4	

<Author>jeff_et_gen
<Content>C'etait Absolument Parfait!   showReview(6649472, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>B茅ronica
<Content>Cou莽i Cou莽a   showReview(6642985, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	2	3	4	

<Author>plume48
<Content>Excellent   showReview(6641079, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Polyph猫me
<Content>Une catastrophe, fuyez cet h么tel sinon gare 脿 la d茅pression nerveuse!   showReview(6568345, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 9, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>Qu茅becLibre
<Content>O霉 sont pass茅es les 茅toiles manquantes??? (3 au lieu de 5)   showReview(6546816, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	2	1	2	1	

<Author>sabelQu茅bec
<Content>premier voyage 茅pouvantable!!!   showReview(6503723, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 27, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	3	3	-1	

<Author>bruno2000
<Content>Beau complexe et beau s茅jour mais qq points 脿 revoir   showReview(5938038, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>La comida es mala y su...   showReview(11420245, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 23, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>DIDAKNOE
<Content>Si este es tan malo , 驴como sera uno bueno?       playa  
<Date>Aug 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	4	3	

<Author>monov
<Content>Habitaciones que no son de 5 estrellas como dicen   showReview(5532150, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	4	3	2	1	3	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Vacance parfaite   showReview(4727309, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 23, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Cuando llegue al hotel, el...   showReview(11420246, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 18, 2005
<Rating>3	2	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

