<Author>Alimrose
<Content>Excellent Accomodation Just back from staying in these apartment for 5 days over the new years eve period and they are great, excellent location easy walking distance to Darling Harbour and Circular Quay plus all the shops. We were very lucky in that we had an apartment on the opposite side to the road so pratically looking out onto King Whaf and saw the cruise ships come in and out each day plus as we werent roadside we had a lovely balcony which had the sun on it from mid afternoon and that was an unexpected bonus. Although the apartments werent serviced (i.e bed made or cleaned) we did receive new towels practically every day and if there were any problems the reception were very helpful straight away. I thought the apartment itself was very clean on arrival and and the bathroom was lovely to. I would definitely stay at these apartments again and recommend anyone who is going to Sydney to stay here  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>kentucky01
<Content>In a remarkable position Was amazed to find this property sitting right underneath the freeway. Turned out that it wasn't a problem at all. Our small studio apartment was incredibly quiet. This place isin a brilliant spot, a quick walk from Wynyard Railway Station which has all sorts of shops - including a supermarket. It is close to The Rocks and Darling Harbour and the Sydney Harbour Bridge Walk.We would recommend this place to anyone.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>Kiwibabe
<Content>So central ! My partner and I only had 2 nights/1 full day in Sydney so we wanted somewhere central and well-priced so that we could just walk to the attractions. So much to see in such a short time ! But it turned out the Napoleon on Kent was a brilliant choice, booked through lastminute.com so we got a good deal.Our arrival after check-in hours didn't prove a problem as we just rang the intercom outside the front door and were given a code number for the lobby safe to get our room key, and buzzed in.Our studio apartment had a queen-sized bed off the living area with full kitchen facilities and a bathroom, my only gripe being that the sofa only had one cushion so we had to burgle a pillow from the bed. But I mentioned that on the questionnaire when we left so it's no doubt been rectified by now. A very small gripe !There was a Coles Express supermarket just 5 mins walk away, underground at Wynyard train station, so it was easy to self-cater. The close proximity to The Rocks, Circular Quay, Harbour Bridge and Opera House meant we walked to all these attractions which saved on transport costs.I personally had a restless night with the traffic noise, but having said that, it was much quieter than expected - it's just that we live in a rural area and are used to virtual silence !  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>PerthMel
<Content>Good place but bad cleaning service Hi all,I went to stay in Napolen on Kent for 1 month for the serviced apartment room (with balcony and kitchen included). The room is good for value - spacious, complete kitchen facilities, and even have 1 movie channel, and wireless internet (for extra $$). The only thing broken when I went was the dishwasher but I hardly use it.The worst thing is the cleaning service which is done weekly.One time, the room's carpet is dirtier than prior to cleaning. I found a ball of dust left in the corner of the room.Another time, they did not clean the room whatsoever - I complained because I needed new towels - the next day, the towels came but nothing else get cleaned.The cleaners have never also removed the dirty towels (no idea why?) but at one time I had 6 bath towels (not including floor mat and face towel).Overall great place for money. But I would not recommend for long stay.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	1	4	-1	4	

<Author>superQ
<Content>Ok for short stay on budget My family of two adults and two children stayed in a one bedroom apartment at this property in March. I can see why reviews have been so positive - I don't think you can find any apartment type accommodation in the CBD for the prices they charge. We paid an average of AUD $184 per night for 4 nights, and this was for essentially 4 people.However, having said this, you do get what you pay for. While the apartment was very spacious, the standard of the room was about 3 star at best - furnishing was very basic and showing wear. Kitchenette was missing some items so that we ended up with only 3 sets of certain pieces of crockery instead of the usual 4 (eg. cups). While the apartment was cleaned well when we arrived, the carpet was actually quite dirty. Sure the carpets were vaccumed, but what it really needed was a good heavy duty steam or chemical clean - or even replacement. The balcony was also quite dirty and too small to be relaxing in. Having said this, the air-conditioning/ventilation was good though. The iron, ironing board and drying rack were all in good condition and proved very handy. Water pressure in the shower was good, as was the hot water system - always hot water when you needed it, and quickly too. Bathroom was great if you are not too fussed about a bit of staining in the grouting. Water pipes made noises after use of toilet and shower, but noise stopped after a minute or so. Note that this is NOT a serviced apartment. The apartment is serviced only with stays of 7 days or longer. OK for short stay, but maybe not so good for longer stays. On day 3 we were getting tired of having to organise for clean towels and having to walk over our own crumbs on the carpet. No restaurant or cafe on site or within short walking distance, but there a small Coles grocery is just round the corner next to Wynyard train station. Service was very always very smart, professional and efficient. Nothing to fault here at all.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	4	-1	-1	

<Author>Tastravellers
<Content>Good value and location We booked this hotel based on previous reviews and requested the studio apartment - plenty of space and a balcony. The overpass is literally over the top but we did not hear any noise from the traffic. Great location and value - easy walking distance to Darling Harbour, The Rocks, Opera House and City centre with Wynyard Station a block away. Only drawback was the shower wall in the bathroom needs extending to stop the water running onto the floor. Our room was not cleaned when we arrived but this was fixed within half an hour and staff were apologetic and very helpful. The rooms aren't serviced unless you stay 7 days but towels are available from reception for $2 each. We would certainly stay here again and think the studio apartment is the way to go.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	4	3	

<Author>Mbig
<Content>great location, but quite dirty I booked this hotel based on previous reviews. Although the location was great, a quick walk or train ride to all major attractions, the room was disappointing. We had a 1 bedroom apartment on the 4th floor and the carpet was disgusting. The spare blankets had stains on them and the room had an overall grotty feel. Don't think I would stay there again based on cleanlieness.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>djamesburgess
<Content>Napoleon on Kent - a place to consider       Apartment room  
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>blueskydreamer
<Content>Excellent location and value for money When I tried to book accommodation for our 2 night stay in Sydney I quickly found that for anything in the CBD I'd be paying over $300 AUD a night. Don't stay here for your honeymoon, but if you're planning on being out all day sightseeing and just want want a clean, convenient base for your trip for $125 a night. This is it!!.As expected, the NOK met all the recommendations other travellers on Trip Advisor have mentioned. The front desk were extremely helpful. We arrived at 7am and although our room wasn't ready they took care of our luggage and offered to phone us when our room was available. They gave us advice of where to explore near the hotel and places we would find interesting.Our room was a studio suite which looked out onto the street. We were prepared for this and just kept the curtains drawn at night. The kitchen was excellent. Everything was supplied - tea towel, washing up liquid, stove top, plates, coffee and tea supplies. Everything was clean and we were able to eat our breakfast there in the morning. I cooked a meal one night and the equipment all worked well.Watch out: Don't eat the breakfast kit in the room unless you want to be charged $9 for a mini box of cornflakes! I'm glad I checked with reception first.The downside: the carpets were quite stained and dirty and the bathroom looked a bit grimy. That is why I can't give this place a 5 out of 5. There is a supermarket close to Wynyard station. It is quite difficult to find by yourself so ask at reception.Airport Shuttle: Don't be fooled by the seemingly cost efficient $12 shuttle to get to the airport. Yes, it arrived on time, but went all around the houses picking up people at hotels all over the CBD before going to the airport. We were on it for 1hr 15 mins. Spend the $15, walk over to Wynyard station and take the train.Overall summary: This is a great little hotel which will be the perfect base for a sightseer in Sydney. Only about 10 minutes walk from the bridge, Pitt street and Darling Harbour. It is basic but has everything you need with helpful staff and in a safe neighbourhood. It doesn't pretend to be something it isn't - don't come here for a romantic getaway. It is a basic, functional place that is excellent value for money.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>patriciaofoz
<Content>The location saved it for us We booked our stayed at the Napoleon via the Qantas website. It sounded like a deal for $150 a night in a studio apartment room. The thing that made us go with NOK was the location. The whole purpose of our overnight stay in Sydney was to climb the Harbour Bridge so we wanted to stay close to Circular Quay without paying an arm and both legs for it. So we went ahead and booked with NOK. It was definitely convenient to be close to Wynyard Station because we always take the Airport Link to and from the City. We knew our way around the area and knew it was close enough to the main attractions. The exterior of NOK is grey and the view from the outside wasn't that appealing considering NOK was surrounded by million-dollar skyscrapers. And the NOK is right below the highway (end tail of the Harbour Bridge, I think). Reception was tiny but the people were helpful. They had a good security measure in place. Not the most inviting lobby though. We had a room one level up. It was equipped with a full kitchen. We didn't try out anything so can't comment on how updated it was. The bed was comfortable enough. We had a longue chair that was also comfortable (we took a nap on it for a couple of hours after our walk!) and the bathroom was clean. The decor wasn't spectacular - a little outdated but since we were only there for one night, this wasn't a big deal for us. The only thing I didn't like was the stuffiness of the floors (when you get out of your room). It was obviously not air-conditioned. The same goes with the elevator. But these are minor things. For the price and the location, I would recommend the NOK. It was walking distance to Circular Quay, the Rocks, Darling Harbour and Pitt St. Not to mention just 2 streets away from Wynyard Station.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	-1	-1	

<Author>samoamurphy
<Content>Nice, small hotel We booked a studio through wotif for about $125 per night. Positives: Very convenient. We left the airport, hopped on the train, got off an the Wynyard station and walked a block and a half to the hotel. Every day, we used the train station. The tunnel to the station is right on Kent St., just south of the hotel on the other side of the street. Restaurants on Darling Harbor were only three blocks away. Walking to Circle Quay was about four or five blocks. There's a free internet computer at a local convenience store about a block away. There's not a lot of restaurants within a block.Clean. Although there was no maid service during our stay, we found everything to be very clean upon our arrival.Noise: The rooms were pretty soundproof. Service: The staff was very helpful and attentive.Negatives: The View was not good. If we opened our curtains we could see people walking on the sidewalk above us. Maybe one of the 1 BR or 2BR would have better views of Darling Harbor. I don't know, but out view was not anything to brag about. We could also hear everyone outside the glass window walking to/from work.Not fancy. Not impressive. It's a small, four story building. There certainly isn't any wow factor associated with this place.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	3	5	3	3	

<Author>Swimmer_7
<Content>Wonderful location This is the second time we have stayed here and we find them perfectly located apartments. We traveled from the airport to the apartments by train this time after seeing on our last visit how close they were to Wynyard station. The staff were very friendly and helpful in giving us some ideas on what to see and do.The rooms are well equipped and comfortable, but we didn't spend much time in them as we were out and about all day. We made breakfast in the apartments each morning and some lunches. We had no problems with outside noise even though we had a room on the street level with lots of cars going past at all hours.The location provides the best of both worlds as you are just moments walk from Circular Quay, the Rocks, Darling Harbor and the City Center.For dinner we went down to Darling Harbor direction and there was a variety of restaurants to eat from. One night we attempted to find China Town but gave up after 20min of walking, only to find it in the next street! (it was a wonderful meal in the end!!)Both trips we have booked our stay through the hotel website and have been in both a studio and one bedroom apartment.Have recommended Napoleon on Kent to many people who have traveled to Sydney.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>BEEPfromPARIS
<Content>Great location       yes, that is the bypass  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Becandjamie
<Content>Great value for money, great location We stayed on 17/18 March and were quite impressed. The overpass is literally on top of the hotel but you can't hear a thing. We walked from Darling Harbour and it took about 10 minutes, also 10 minutes to Circular Quay. Its around the corner from Wynyard Train Station from where you can go pretty much anywhere. The security is good as after checkin you need a key/pass to open the front door to the building. Reception staff were excellent, very helpful. Parking is underneath so you don't have to walk to separate carpark like many Sydney hotels. We were very impressed with the room (studio) which was huge, and very clean and well laid out. No noise from roads or other rooms or hallway could be heard. Would be good for a night, a weekend or a week, good base for business etc as well. We got it for $150 per night on a Sat/Sun through wotif. Great value for money in central Sydney. Highly recommended.  
<Date>May 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>markmat
<Content>Excellent location and well equipped We got a really good rate here around Australia Day in 2006. I agree with the reviewer who said that you shouldn't be put off by the overpass. It looks really bad in some photos and on the map, but we didn't find a problem with it (although you won't be spending much time out on your balcony!!).An excellent location, and the rooms are very well equipped. One problem we had was with parking outside to drop off our luggage. There is parking outside, but it's very limited and quite expensive metered parking.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>Penny71
<Content>Great location, good price My partner and I spent a week in a studio apartment at Napoleon on Kent and while in terms of decor etc it was nothing special, in terms of convenience and value we were very impressed.We booked directly through the hotel website and when we booked, which was quite a long time in advance, this was cheaper than prices quoted through any other websites.The location is great, very close (150m from memory) to Wynyard station. If you are used to travelling fairly independently, don't consider a taxi from the airport or, worse, the overpriced and unreliable shuttle service, but catch a train. You can see on the website where the apartments are situated - directly under a freeway - which is bizarre, but was never a problem for us. You can easily walk into central Sydney and the Circular Quay/Rocks area, and Darling Harbour is even closer. Most ferries depart from Circular Quay but there are infrequent services to and from Darling Harbour as well.The night we arrived we headed the wrong way looking for somewhere to eat and couldn't find anything open - head for Darling Harbour instead (ie look at a map, don't just head off like we did!) which is really well set up for tourists and where you can eat until late. There are many cafes and pubs and a food hall near the apartments as well. We didn't actually cook in the apartment, just ate breakfast, but it was definitely very well set up for it. There is also a huge list of restaurants that deliver to the apartments.Staff members at reception seemed very helpful and there was lots of information on what to do and where to go in Sydney. (By the way, we recommend the outrageously expensive Bridge Climb, the Zoo and the tour of the Opera House especially).The laundry in the basement is very handy with heaps of machines.Overall, a very good value option in Sydney - we would go back.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Fabs07
<Content>Great Location...but a couple things The hotel is in a great location - right in the Sydney CBD and short walks to absolutely everything! However, we were unfortunate enough to have road works between 8pm and 5am (yes - overnight)! Because the rooms are right on the road, there was no escape from the concrete drilling and noise of trucks constantly backing up and moving forward. It was terrible, and needless to say, I did not sleep a single minute and was incredible angry and tired the next day. I'm sure this is a one-off occurrence, however, because the hotel is situated in a high density commercial area, bear in mind that construction is allowed to occur overnight. So make sure when you book that there won't be any road works scheduled during your stay! We were only provided with ear plugs, which did absolutely nothing! And we were also not informed that construction was going to occur, which was disappointing.When you first see the hotel, you'll wish you had chosen another one because this is situated right in the midst of two busy roads and underneath an overpass! However, even though Our room was right on the footpath, it was well insulated. However, you did get the occassional motorcycle or truck that would wake you in the middle of the night. The bed was very uncomfortable, and caused us lower back pains during our stay.The room had the stove and all equipment you would need to cook and was very well self-contained. We also had cable with heaps of movies - so that was good too. Staff was friendly, even after a night of mind-breaking concrete drilling. They gave us a bottle of champagne to compensate.Overall, am quite indifferent to this hotel. The roadworks on our first night probably tainted my perception of the place...  
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Chapas77
<Content>Really well sound proofed Went in April and to say it is under the underpass to the bridge, it is remarkably quiet inside, in fact of all he places I stayed in in Australia It was the quietest.The staff were frendly and even told me where to go for a cheap steak and beer, but werent pushy.Very centrally located short walk to the Harbour/bars and Darling harbour.The Washers and driers werent cheap but hey,All in all Great Apartment  
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Lalayna
<Content>Good apartment / awesome location This apartment is pretty good. Location gets it extra pointsLocation is fantastic right near Darling Habour and Circular Quay, all 15 minutes walk. Quiet location (well insulated from street noise) and nice comfy beds so can get some zzz's. Good place to spend a week as have own kitchen and living room and cable tv but we didn't really need it all for a weekender. Nice enough decor bit dated and curtains bit dusty, bathrooms are average (need a good bleach) and got some questionable stains on towels though were replaced apologetically. Staff were helpful and friendly.Overall not bad.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Napoleon on Kent Very helpful front desk staff . Excellent location . Convient parking . Very clean , comfortable , quiet and spacious rooms, including a well equipped kitchen . Don't let the overpass put you off . Good value . I wish I were there now .  
<Date>Nov 18, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

