<Author>Liteh
<Content>We need more hotels like this I stayed at Hyatt Summerfield Suites several times over the past few months. One of the better choices in Miami. The rooms are very comfortable, with plenty of space. The staff are friendly. Getting to the hotel from the airport couldn't be easier (for that matter, the hotel is just a few blocks from the Dolphin Expressway, so it's easy to hop on the expressway and head east to Miami Beach or north to Ft Lauderdale). The grounds are much more attractive than what one might ordinarily expect for a hotel of this class. This hotel seems to be popular with airline flight crews.Having said the above, I would rate the Hampton Inn across the street as a slightly better option, assuming you can find equivalent rooms for the same price at both places. The breakfast buffet has much better choices at Hampton Inn. I never had any internet wireless access problems at Hampton Inn, but often found the signal dropping while at Hyatt. Security was better at Hampton Inn; you have to use your room key to activate the gates to the parking garage and to take the elevator up to the guest rooms at Hampton Inn, whereas at Hyatt Summerfield you just park your car in an open lot surrounding the hotel and there is no room-key control of the elevator. (Even so, I have felt very safe during my stays at Hyatt Summerfield.) And some of the cardio equipment in the fitness room at Hyatt Summerfield needs to be repaired.While staying at Hyatt Summerfield, I did occasionally hear airplanes, not surprising with the airport being relatively close by. The noise was really not very loud and did not bother me much, but if you are very sensitive to this kind of distraction, you might want to look for a hotel further from the airport, or at least ask for a room toward the other side of the building.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Krisk0
<Content>My first 'Suite' This my first stay in this type of accomodation as we thought this would be a good option now that my daughter is getting older (15 yrs). On arrival the reception was friendly and I was soon on the way to my 1 bed suite. Innocently I looked around for the third bed, not finding one or any linen, I went back to reception. The guy said that it was all within the sofa/settee arrangement. Anyway the upshot was that he offered to give me an upgrade to a 2bed suite to make it easier for me!! Checking back in the original room it was all set up as he suggested.Anyway the hotel was great. Breakfast was plentiful, freshly topped up with hot and cold food and the staff were very friendly.Only small problem is that there is no bar/coffee shop on the premises although beer was available at a small reception shop.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>InTheWorldCec
<Content>well priced Good value for money. Stayed for 2 nights before a cruise. Was upgraded on arrival to suite with 2 double bedrooms. Free shuttle from the airport. A shuttle bus to the Dolphin Mall goes from the hotel next door for $10. Breakfast included, reasonable choice but breakfast room could get a bit crowded.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	-1	4	3	4	

<Author>kimreynerson
<Content>Nice hotel , service was not great! This hotel was nice. We had a two bedroom suite. The rooms were clean and spacious. There was no soap in the kitchen. Housekeeping did not come all day , it was late in the evening before they showed up , only because we called them. They could not speak any english. The front desk person was a bit rude to us and when we asked for a cart he was too busy talking to his coworkers that he just cut us short. We were not impressed. The pet fee was outrageous. $200.00 non-refundable! That was a bit much. But we had no choice. I liked the hotel itself, the pool and courtyard was nice. But if I had to choose to stay there again , I would not because of the pet fee and the courtesy issue. Although it was a nice hotel.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2008
<Rating>3	1	3	3	3	2	1	-1	

<Author>ryjenw
<Content>Great Hotel We stayed here the night before our cruise. This is a great hotel and I would stay here again. We had a one bedroom suite for our family (2 adults and 2 kids). It was great to have the extra room after a long day of flying. The room was clean and new. The staff was friendly. We had a small wait for the shuttle van at the airport but not that bad. The breakfast in the morning had enough to choose from. Not a huge selection but everything was replenished quickly and was fresh.There is a grocery store about a 5 minute walk away.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>bpNC
<Content>Nice spacious rooms, great staff service This hotel was great, from the staff at the front desk, to the layout of the rooms, and the breakfast in the morning.Everything was excellent, and I was surprised at the level of atttentativeness and friendliness. Also, grab dinner at Casa Juan next door if you're looking for an excellent Cuban meal. The recomendation was from the front desk, and wow was I surprised! Unassuming as the place looked, the pollo asado was right on!!  
<Date>Oct 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ikedeska
<Content>Excellent, Peaceful and Refreshing Stay Checked into this gem for four nights based on reviews from Trip Advisor and did not regret it for a moment.The room was a large one bedroom suite which was very clean and welcome with its well placed kitchenette and spacious living room as well as bedroom. The decor and ambience were great.The front desk guy (called Gus I believe) was extremely polite, efficient and made me feel truly welcome.I would gladly recommend this place to others as I had an Excellent, Peaceful and Refreshing stay.Will definitely go back when next in the area.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>silvergate
<Content>Excellent choice for stopover or longer stay Given the very positive reviews on this web site, we chose to book for a one night stay between flights in and out of Miami. Check-in was handled by friendly, competent staff, and subsequently opening the door to our room resulted in a surprise. The suite was of the size of a one bedroom apartment with fully equipped kitchen, SS appliances, a comfortably furnished living room with a large flat screen TV and a writing desk with complementary Internet access. The bedroom with a superbly comfortable bed, a second flat screen TV, and a separate dressing area left little to be desired. The well lit dressing area with a large vanity, big enough to be comfortably used by two people at once, was separate from from the bathroom. The bathroom came with a tub/shower combo, quality towels, ample toiletries, but toilet paper of a see-through quality. . All was super clean and rather new, as was the facility as a whole. Breakfast, included in the room rate was served buffet style with a surprisingly good selection of items including scrambled eggs, sausage links, French toast, a basket of selected fruit, plus the usual coffee, tea and juices.Despite the close proximity to the airport, planes taking off during the night would only trouble a very light sleeper. The shuttle service provided convenient and reliable service to and from the terminal area. All in all, this hotel offers value for the price paid and serves well for a one night stopover or for an extended stay in a comfortable suite.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>ZippyLondon
<Content>So good I've been back three times in as many weeks       Shuttle  
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>1allsop
<Content>you get much more than what you pay for! We stayed at the Hyatt Summerfield Suites for a week and really enjoyed it. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful, the rooms (all with a separate kitchen/living with a new flat screen tv) are spacious and nicely furnished. Then there is to mention that unlike many other hotels in same area (the Sofitel being one) at the Hyatt the do not charge extra for car parking, in-room wifi as well as an adequate breakfast. The vicinity to the international airport causes no annoyance and you cannot hear any plane starting or landing.Summing up: going to the Hyatt Summerfield Suites is definitely a no brainer: you get much, much more for your bucks!  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	4	5	5	5	

<Author>bonstehill
<Content>Simply The Best Suites Ever! After reading the reviews from Tripadvisor I went with Hyatt Summerfield Suites in Miami to book reservations for the day before and the day after our cruise. I am so glad I took the advise from the users of Tripadvisor! We had a wonderful stay. Our stay at the suites was better than our cruise! Everything about our stay was great. The front-desk people were wonderful, particularly Jannesse, and the shuttle service was more than we expected. Not only did we get a free ride from and to the airport, but the driver also offered to take us to restaurants around the suites. We also used Liebt Way Tours to transfer us to the port, we later used their services to take us on a tour to Southbeach. Driver Paulo was very nice to us and accomomodated us in ever way. We felt like royalty our whole stay. The breakfast and happy hour food was fantastic. The suites are beautifully decorated and very roomy for my family of five, which consist of a 11 and 13 year old. We travel alot and this was definitely the best stay ever! Please trust me and others who have written in, you will be pleasantly surprised!  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CanadianIslanders
<Content>A great place to stay A friend and I took advantage of a special web offer for an upgrade to a 2 King room unit for a very small amount per day. We were very happy with the hotel. It is in a very nice area next to a small shopping centre that had a large grocery store. The hotel was exceptionally quiet, especially for an airport hotel. It was only one storey and the rooms were great. The unit had full sized appliances and was well equipped. It was also in a good location for the areas we visited and near to the major roads. We were very happy during our four day stay. The staff were great as was the hot and cold free breakfast buffet.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>viajeraNYC
<Content>Good choice for a layover/near the airport Spent the night of a layover here and it was perfect for my needs. They have a free airport shuttle during most of the day - it's 5 mins from the airport - or you can take a $14 taxi in off-hours. The rooms are clean and comfortable - all low-budget/basic decorations and fixtures - but just fine. The free breakfast is fairly extensive given the price of the room. What I really loved was the healthy and organic food choices in their mini-grocery store!!  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	3	4	

<Author>KevinTurvey
<Content>Great for a stopover Great for an airport stopover or business trip.This is Travel Inn USA style. The suite is big enough to live in. Really well equipped and comfortable. You get a living area, kitchen and dining area and a great bedroom and bath.We flew in late and ordered a pizza into the room.Easy to find, good parking, breakfast is better than many chains.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>JPC1628
<Content>Excellent self-catring, good value In an area of doubtful hotels (Miami Airport), the Summerfield suites offer very good quality overall for $200.The suites are vast: an adequate-size kitchen with very modern and big appliances, adequate cooking implements (the counter would make it difficult for more than two adults to have a meal without being crowded). The bedrooms have excellent bedding, with plenty of shelves and drawers for clothes. Each bedroom of the two bedroom suite has excellent bedding, its own big bathroom, and a good size desk with a superbly supportive office chair so you can work in comfort.Sizeable living area, with big flatscreen TV (in addition to CRT TVs in the bedrooms)The soundproofing will ensure that you are not disturbed by the frequent departures at MIA (you can hear them, though).Around the corner is a supermarket (Publix) where you can get all foods, and dismal hot roasted chicken, passable rice and other deli hot dishes. No restaurant in the hotel, and really no food to he had (potato chips ans drinks at the desk). The free breakfast is good, no more, with acceptable variety and choice.The rooms are such that a prolonged stay should be enjoyable.The airport shuttle service is excellent, quick on pick up and on time for dropoff (every 30 mn). It takes 5 mn. to the departure level of MIA (more during rush hours).  
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Bowgreave
<Content>Beats the other hotel chains 'suites' range..... Excellent situation for Miami Airport but in nice part of town, close to a good mall with garage, banks, restaurants, etc.Got upgraded to 2 bedroom, 2 bathroom, 3 TV suite with full range, dishwasher etc.For us these are the best suites chain, narrowly beating Embassy Suites and Hawthorne Suites, our two other favourites.Only downside, weary travellers looking forwards to a drink at the manager's reception hour will have to settle for coke, etc. until their license comes through....despite what it says on their website.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>backnforth
<Content>We loved the Place! We booked 4 rooms through HotWire at a great price and were pleasantly surprised. The rooms were spacious and the beds quite comfortable. Each bed had plenty of pillows. The check-in staff was very courteous. While parking in the parking lot late at night there was a guard in a cart that patrolled the area. This made us feel our vehicle was protected, not that it was a bad area at all. We were only there for a short visit the night before a cruise, so we didn't get to enjoy the pool or grounds. We wished we could have stayed longer. The free breakfast was an added bonus and had a little something for everyone. We will keep the Hyatt Summerfield Suites in mind for future travel.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>RazorJim
<Content>Great Pre/Post Cruise Hotel       Kitchen  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>stucolleenfan
<Content>wonderful stay This was a wonderful hotel. We got a good price through Priceline for a precruise stay. We arrived and were given early check-in. Enjoyed using the heated pool and jacuzzi in a lovely courtyard setting. The hotel is located close to the airport in a very lovely and safe section of town. At 5:30 we were surprised that there was a complimentary happy hour serving fruit,cheese and crackers, soup, wings, veggies etc. This was enough for a dinner for the four of us and it was nice to just sit and relax in the dining room. Later a stroll along the palm-lined boulevard felt safe. The room itself was large, clean and modern. It seemed more like an apartment with a separate kitchen and living room. There were two t.v.s (one a flat screen)The bed was a very comfortable king size with nice sheets and blankets. Everything felt quite new. The next morning we enjoyed a superior breakfast which was included. As we had a rental vehicle - we did not use the pier shuttle service. I would highly recommend the Summerfield!  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Cruise_Lover_Too
<Content>Very Nice Hotel My husband and I stayed at the Summerfield Suites on Feb. 1-2, 2008 before leaving on a cruise. We called the hotel to request the free shuttle pickup and after a short wait we were greeted by Alberto the driver who was very friendly. Since our flight was arriving early I had requested early check-in and when we arrived at the hotel we were checked in and Alberto helped us with our luggage to our room. Unfortunately when we walked into the room it smelled of cigarette smoke which was unacceptable to us and Alberto called down to the front desk, got our room changed, went downstairs to get the key for our new room and moved our luggage to our new room which was smoke free and very nice. It was a one bedroom which was very clean. It was great having a kitchen with a refrigerator that we could use to store water and soft drinks and a microwave to heat up leftover food from the restaurant we ate at. There was a TV and DVD in the living room area and a TV in the bedroom. The breakfast was great and had a nice variety of items to chose from - scrambled eggs, french toast, bacon, sausages, bagels, english muffins, toast, danishes, yogurt, fresh fruit, cereals, juices, milk, coffee and tea - much more then we expected from a continental breakfast. The shuttle was also available to take us to the shopping center which was nearby and picked us up. Alberto asked us if we needed a ride to the cruise ship dock and he made the arrangements to have the shuttle pick us up and take us to the ship for a nominal charge.The hotel staff was also very nice and helpful. Our overall experience at this hotel was very good and we would definitely stay at this hotel again if we have to stay in Miami again.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Sandokan62
<Content>good location but a little bit run down the Summerfield Suites are ideally located if you need to be close to the MIA Apt or if you have to do business in Doral or South Miami. The Hotel is ok, the rooms are ok, but the whole place is a little bit run down. Bfst is free, not that great though (but anyway...it is free). Free Internet. You should have a car as the shuttle service is basically only available to and from the Airport. They do not take you to other places. Staff at check in is poor.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	1	1	2	

<Author>LetsPack!
<Content>Clean, new, friendly, and very accomodating! We stayed at the Summerfield Suites the night before a cruise. I had my one year old son with me. He was able to crawl all over the extremely clean new carpet in the suite. We had a standard one bedroom suite. It included a full kitchen with dishes, pots, towels, cutlery etc..... The fridge came in really handy for my baby's milk. The breakfast buffet was delicious for what you pay, all inclusive. The staff was very professional. There is a Publix (market) one block away, Burger King, Wendys, Subway etc..... Very convenient for us right by the airport, yet no noise! I would stay there again anytime for a connecting flight or cruise. I would not stay there for a vacation because of the location. Everything else was perfect including the airport shuttle - right on time.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>ian_ok
<Content>OK Airport Hotel We stayed one night in this hotel before a departing flight. Overall it was fine and the two bedroom suite was spacious. However, I did not feel the apartment had been particularly well cleaned before our arrival and the d茅cor looked tired. When we arrived we were unable to use the telephone to make a local call and despite sending someone up to the room, the staff were unable to resolve this. As there were some concerns about security in the surrounding area I wanted to make use of the room safe 鈥?but there wasn鈥檛 one. We certainly found being able to speak Spanish an advantage in the area and also with the hotel staff. We ate locally and despite being warned, found the area OK and there is a Publix supermarket very close to the hotel which is handy especially given the cooking facilities within the suites. We didn鈥檛 try the breakfast but did make use of the free internet access from our room. We would consider this hotel again, depending on the price  
<Date>Jan 19, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	2	2	3	

<Author>chocoholic2
<Content>beautiful hotel, helpful staff, walk to a grocery store My family of 5 stayed here after a cruise for 1 night. We arrived before a room was ready, but were given access to all the hotel's amenities, like the pool and computer room, and they stored our luggage for us until a room was ready. The room we were given was lovely--2 bedrooms, each with a king sized bed and a TV and bathroom. The living room had a pull out couch and another TV. We had a full kitchen, too. The next morning the breakfast was good, and the driver took us to the airport. A lovely experience. I will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	-1	3	4	4	

<Author>mmcc
<Content>Great Airport Hotel We stayed in a 2 bedroom suite with 2 other adults, 2 children, and a baby on a Miami airport overnight layover. We had to wait about 20-25 minutes at the airport for the shuttle, which was less than ideal, but the driver was very friendly and our return shuttle to the airport the next day was easy and timely. The suite felt large enough and clean. Unfortunately, the showers drained slowly and the water took a very long time to get kind of hot, so that was disappointing. The kids used the pool and ate the free dinner which made things very convenient. The exercise room was nice as well. All of the hotel staff were helpful and friendly. Overall we were happy with our choice and we felt like the hotel was a good value and perfect for an overnight with the family.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>TiredParentof2
<Content>A Good Value with Some Problems We just got back from staying eight nights at the Summerfield Suites Miami Airport. This hotel was the best value we could find in south Florida for an upscale suite hotel (in particular, for a 2-bedroom suite). Overall, this is a pleasant, comfortable hotel, with courteous and helpful staff. However, it has a number of problems as well.Cleanliness: To be fair to the property, one cannot expect housekeeping staff to thoroughly clean the equivalent of over 100 small apartments every morning. However, except when we complained, what housekeeping did each morning was make the beds, change the towels, and throw the dirty dishes in the dishwasher and turn it on, then leave. We found the suite slightly dirty (particularly the bathrooms) upon arrival, and it appears the suite would only be fairly well cleaned between guests, regardless of the length of stay. We expected a more thorough cleaning at least every few days, but this did not happen.Rooms: We had a two-bedroom suite, however, in size it was smaller than other Summerfield Suites we have stayed in, and not quite as nicely decorated. There was one clock in the entire two bedroom suite (c'mon, this isn't Vegas), and were only two telephones in the entire suite (one in each of the bedrooms). We were severly lacking silverware and cups. Otherwise, the rooms were well furnished and equipped. Both bathtubs had a small leak so they did not stay filled. The living room had a flat panel TV (37 inch), each bedroom had a TV. We had free wireless internet, although it was about as slow as dial-up. The beds were pretty comfortable, and the air conditioning was efficient, although noisy in the living room/kitchen area.Buffet: What the last review said was generally true, the buffet (which had terrible food) was overwhelmed by hotel guests. Many items ran short, particularly over this holiday period. For example, they were out of lids for paper coffee cups for three days. A hotel like this generally has a mix of business travellers (waking early, eating light) and tourists (waking later, eating more or not at all), so the buffet can usually accommodate this trickle of guests with modest provisions and a small dining room. At this location, the buffet was just overwhelmed. The smaller evening happy hour had shortages also, but fewer problems. Overall, it was best to slip in, get a piece of fruit, toast and coffee, and escape to one's room. If the breakfast is a consideration, avoid this hotel. Staff: The staff were friendly and courteous, but ambivalent about the hotel running out of items such as kitchen towels and laundry bags. The shuttle to the airport did a nice job getting us to our flight, they have two nice vans and two drivers, but it is not a 24-hour service. (It cuts off at 10:30 p.m.)Security: While we were at the hotel, a guest had their portable NAV system stolen out of their unlocked car parked in front of the hotel. However, Miami police were parking around the hotel for the next couple of days. The immediate area of the hotel seemed safe enough, and we had no problems. I would advise locking your car and being aware of your surroundings. (It is Miami, after all) Location: The hotel is located in a narrow strip of hotels and office buildings between the airport to the north and residential Miami to the south. The nice areas of Miami generally are the south (Coral Gables, South Miami and Kendall) and the beach (Miami Beach, Key Biscayne). By driving south 15 minutes or east 15 minutes, either area could be easily reached. I ventured into the working-class mainly-immigrant area several blocks south of the hotel for some Cuban food, and felt the area was fine, but it is not the best area. The hotel is pretty convenient if you have a car and are flying in and out of the area and need relatively easy access to different areas of Miami. Key Biscayne has a very nice family beach ($5.00 for parking, north-east side of the island, called Crandon Park). You can avoid crowds of tourists by dining and shopping in South Miami, Kendall and Coral Gables. Just south of the hotel there are 24-hour Walgreens and CVS, we never seemed to find Publix (the supermarket) open by the time we returned to the hotel area.Pool, Fitness Center, Business Center, Barbeques: With the exception of the business center (4 computers with super slow internet) which seemed always in use, mainly by teenagers, the hotel facilities were generally nice and available. We did not use the pool or barbeques but they seemed nice enough. This type of hotel usually has no restaurant apart from the complimentary buffet, and this hotel had no restaurant and none adjacent to it.Price: At $204/night, this was 25-50% less than what this hotel would cost if it were located in Ft. Lauderdale or Miami Beach. However, the hotel has plenty of competition, with Homewood Suites and Hampton Inn (both suites hotels) nearby. I found the cheapest price directly on the hotel website, although I believe they can be booked through Priceline for less (probably a blind booking.)  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	3	1	4	3	1	

<Author>jcparmentier
<Content>Confortable suites but inapropriate breakfast buffet I stayed 9 nights with my family in december 2007 for the Christmas holidays and we were accomodated in a one bedroom suite with 2 double beds. The suite was confortable and clean but the breakfast buffet was a nightmare every day. The place was crowded and people had to wait a long time to get to the buffet and have their coffee and meal. Most of time if you arrived at 9.30 am there was nothing left to drink or eat. If you arrived earlier there were not enough seats to accomodate everybody so the only way to have breakfast was to pick up your cup and plate and move to your room. So although the suites are spacious and clean I would'nt recommend this hotel if you want to enjoy your breakfast.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	2	2	2	

<Author>Supercilious
<Content>Good choice for pre-cruise stay We stayed in a 2 bedroom suite for one night before our Caribbean cruise on the Norwegian Jewel. This is an excellent choice for families needing a hotel just prior to or after a cruise.The suites are well appointed and spacious. The beds are firm and very comfortable with plenty of pillows. There is a large, flat screen TV in the living room but there is no hi def content. There was no ice in the fridge so we had to get it from the front desk. We had an air conditioner problem and had flooding in one of our bathrooms. The staff was very courteous and worked on the problem but it was still happening the morning we left. This would have been a bigger concern if we were staying more than one night.There is a nice pool and jacuzzi. The pool though was too hot. The staff seemed to be aware of the problem but it was not fixed while we were there.The morning breakfast buffet is better than most hotels. There were many offerings including eggs and bacon as well as fruit, yogurt, breads and cereals.The shuttle from the airport worked well and the hotel arranged for our transport to the ship as well.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>PennyBermuda
<Content>Really nice accommodation close to airport and SHOPS!!! :O) booked this last minute as a stopover from TC to Bermuda and so glad we did, i'd definatley come back. The room was clean, nice little kitchenette area with dishwasher and the beds were very comfortable.Would definately recommend this.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>ode2life
<Content>Nice place to stay Just returned from this hotel today. Friends booked the room, so I don't know about the pricing and ease of reservation, but I really enjoyed the stay here. We had a 2 bedroom suite which was very clean and nicely decorated. I felt compelled to write this review when I spent some time in the pool area and noticed how clean and well-kept the jacuzzi and pool are. I would definitely stay here again. Oh yeah, and the continental breakfast was really nice too. I only ate there one day and the menu consisted of toast, yogurt, cheese omelettes, corned beef hash and fresh fruit. Looking forward to staying here again some day.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tanorml
<Content>Pre-Cruise Stay       Living Area  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>smack31
<Content>Excellent Hotel-Great Stay The hotel is near restaurants, CVS, Walgreens  McDonalds.Their is a hotel shuttle to and from the airport free of charge.If you are going on a cruise, to get to and from the port is $27.00.The hoel is clean and safe.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Hawaii50Lover
<Content>Great for pre-cruise stay Our family of four stayed at the Summerfield Suites on August 2, 2007 for our cruise the next day. We arrived at the Miami Airport 1 pm sharp. As instructed by the hotel employee previously, we called the hotel for the free shuttle to pick us up. We were told the shuttle should arrive around 1:15pm. Later, the employee called and said the shuttle was running 30 minutes behind. He told us to get a taxi to the hotel and the taxi fare will be taken care of by the hotel. I was skeptical, but since I had no way of knowing when the shuttle is actually going to arrive, we went ahead and got a taxi. When I arrived at the hotel, I put the taxi fare receipt on the counter,. Without my saying a word, the front desk clerk handed me $14 cash.We paid $61 through Hotwire for the room. It came to $73 with taxes. We had a one bedroom suite with full kitchen. Everything looked really nice, new, and clean. The king size bed was comfortable with new linens. The kids slept on the sectional sofa bed. Our room was facing the street and a corner of the airport (I could see the tails of the planes), but it was surprisingly quiet. If you are very sensitive about sounds, you may have to request rooms in the back of the hotel.They had freshly baked chocolate chip and peanut butter cookiesin the lobby aound check-in time. We also had free dinner (Thursdays until August 31) that night at the hotel. The next morning, we had free breakfast buffet (every morning). Free coffee, tea, and soda were available through out the day. We saved quite a bit of money on dining by staying at Hyatt Summerfield.The hotel was within walking distance to Publix. We purchased many essentials that we could not put in our carry-ons. In the evening, the kids had a blast in the pool, making new friends in the process. All in all, it was a great stay.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>felotravel
<Content>Nice/ Clean Visit Pleasantly suprised. Clean and friendly. They ran out of rooms with king beds, so they upgraded us to a 2 bedroom suite with a living room/ kitchen. More than we needed but very nice indeed. Would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>chaucerquest
<Content>Perfect short stay I concur with the largely positive reviews below. My husband, mother in law, and I stayed in a two bedroom suite to break up our journey from Latin America before returning to our different home towns. The suite had two full bathrooms, three TVs, a full kitchen, and internet service. We paid $279, which doesn't sound like a great bargain, but it was cheaper than two standard rooms we could find at any comparable hotels. The suite was clean and comfortable and the bathrooms were a cut above average. For those who couldn't find the wastebaskets, they are in he cabinets under the sink in both bathrooms.We didn't use the pool, but it looked fine; more like something kids would enjoy at the end of the day than a place you would want to spend the afternoon.For dinner we walked around the block to a Cuban restaurant in the same shopping center as the Publix grocery store. It was pleasant and reasonable.The breaksfast buffet was more than ample, with many choices: cereal, yogurt, fruit, french toast, bacon, various breads (including bagels) that you could toast yourself, and crossiants.On departing, we took advantage of the hotel shuttle for the ten minute (or less) ride to the airport. The driver was helpful and acted like he enjoyed providing the service.  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>FortMacLoves2Travel
<Content>Great Rooms/Value We stayed here for 3 days pre-cruise and found it to be awesome. Conveniently located to the airport for a late arrival flight. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The complimentary breakfast was great, just make sure you get there early as the times seemed a little off. The food was good and for a small complimentary breakfast there was a good variety. The pool was very nice and never busy. There was not a lot of inside or outside noise that we ever heard in our room and I am a very light sleeper. We had booked a 2 bedroom as we were travelling with our son (16) and daughter (12). It was very nice to have the two very large rooms with enough space for all our luggage and us. The beds were very comfortable and there were two nice bathrooms. The kitchen was a real convenience if just for snacks and drinks. The only inconvenient part is the location as it is quite far from alot of the tourist type things. One way cab fare to Dolphin Mall is $25. Downtown Miami we were quoted as at least $40. If you are renting a car or don't plan to do alot of touring around, this won't be an issue. We would definitely stay here again under the same circumstances.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MiamiVice620
<Content>Loved Summerfield Miami Stayed here Mar 23 - 27 2007 and was initially skeptical prior to booking based on limited reviews and location... no much else available on a busy weekend in Miami (Doral Open, tennis, 2 music fairs and Spring Break) Trip was an RR break with spouse. As we approached hotel we both noted that the grounds were beautifully maintained and the facility was clean, modern and well maintained also. The room (2 bedroom/2 bath/2 kings) was spacious, roomy and well furnished (3 TV's) . The beds were extremely comfortable and service was friendly and professional. I have absolutely nothing negative to say about this place, it was perfect for our needs, the best part was the 'full' kitchen (stove, small microwave dishwasher and frig). The location could be a problem for those without a car, but if you have a car it's a straight 12 minute drive on 836 to SoBe, $1.25 toll one way. Amenities: Heated pool, jacuzzi, washer/dryer on site. Have previously stayed at Mandarin Oriental, Marriott South Beach, Marriott Key Biscayne, Loews, Surfcomber and Conrad Miami and Summerfield Miami Airport ranks with the best in overall satisfaction and value. Would absolutely stay here again!  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	3	4	3	4	5	

<Author>HP14
<Content>Exceptional value Perhaps the best value hotel I鈥檝e ever stayed in. Rooms (suites) are enormous and far larger than flats (apartments) that people live in in Europe. There is a well equipped kitchen, a large living area with a door through to the bedroom which leads to the sink area and finally the bath/shower room and toilet. Everything was new, clean and well cared for. The kitchen was good (there is a Publix a couple of minutes walk away) but did not overpower the living room 鈥?unlike some places where the whole space feels as though it鈥檚 a kitchen with a chair and a bed thrown in. The living room and bedroom each had a tv and there was free internet access at the desk in the living room.A reasonable breakfast and early evening snack was also included. Staff were absolutely charming and friendly, way better than in many grander places. So would I stay here again, certainly, if I had to be near the airport or for work (as was the case), otherwise the location 鈥?near the airport but not much else would make me think twice unless I had a car. However particularly given the vast prices and not necessarily great quality of hotels on South Beach (to which I decamped for the weekend in the middle of a 2 week stay) this represented exceptional value.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	2	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CruiseProTom
<Content>Good value for the money We stayed at the Summerfield for a Saturday night following a cruise. We wanted an inexpensive room that included breakfast in a property near the airport. The room (one bedroom suite) was spacious and in good condition; separate bedroom, two TV's, full kitchen. Our room was located on the first floor toward the back of the hotel. The front of the hotel faces the highway and the south runway at the Miami airport, but the noise was negligible. The included breakfast was typical for these type hotels. A full house made for a bit of a crowd Sunday morning, but the wait wasn't long to find an open table. The soda vending machine wasn't working properly, fortunately there's a shopping center with grocery store located behind the hotel. One minor complaint - it would be nice if they had extra pillows in the room, but we didn't feel like trying to track down housekeeping as we were ready to go to sleep. We paid approx. $80 through Hotwire. It met our requirements and we'd consider staying there again.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	3	3	

<Author>Breter
<Content>Good Value - Bring Your Reservation - Great value.- Big clean room with full kitchen.- Great Location.- Quiet- Security patrols the grounds.- Ate at Cuban place around the corner. Great food at a great price.- Front desk tried to over charge. Good thing we had our reservation printout.- Outside of the building is covered with mold but the inside is clean and odor free.- Wireless internet service is in the lobby and food area only.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>michiganjeff
<Content>Average at best- Front desk terrible The only positive aspect of this property in my opinion is the size of the room. I stayed with my family in a 2 bedroom unit. It was quite spacious and met the needs of a family of 4.Although the room was large, it was decorated in a dark decor and I felt that housekeeping could do a better job by providing more towels and toiletries in the room. Our air conditioner in our room went out at 4p.m. on a HOT August day. Upon calling the front desk, it took two hours for someone to look at it, and one hour for him to tell us he can't fix it. In addition, 2 or our 3 televisions were broken. I demanded a different room, which I received. The a/c was working in the other room but the televisions were not. I was told by the front desk that he would send someone out to look at the televisions. Needless to say, after three additional phone calls and being told he is on the way, I decided to call it a night. because I was not going to partake in this song and dance anymore. Upon checkout, I vehemently explained my disgruntledness, yet only received Im sorry......I will forward this to my manager.I understand that Hyatt has taken over this property....They really need to send the staff to hotel school.Next time, I will pay more and stay somewhere better.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	2	2	2	1	2	1	

<Author>joparke
<Content>Great value! I stayed here before, but this time I was able to use more of its facilities and was very happy with the service and amenities. I only stayed there the weekend (Fri night to Sun afternoon) but it was good.Check in was quick and easy. Room nice, clean and of course spacious! TV in bedroom and living room, wine classes, plates, microwave everything you need in a kitchen.For the first time, I used the pool, which I believe is heated, or maybe it was just a hot day. I also used the Spa hot tub- at 104 degrees, it was great for the body.They also have a game room, with Ms. Pac man and car racing games etc. so it was nice to see the children enjoying that.What I appreciated the most was the bathroom size, free easy parking, and the US$80 per night rate I got. But, I would pay their regular rate because of the convenience of it all.Will surely stay again!  
<Date>Aug 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>imadurl
<Content>Wonderful Experience We stayed here before our caribbean cruise in late July 2006. They gave us the option of a two room smoking suite even though we were non-smokers. The room did not smell like smoke and it was AWESOME having two rooms with two separate bathrooms. The hotel was very clean and quiet, and the breakfast in the morning was more than adequate. The facility is well cared for and the staff was extremely helpful and attentive. We would stay here again if the opportunity arises.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>natmicstef
<Content>Good value for the price I found this room via Expedia but booked directly with the hotel online for a slightly better price. Our one bedroom suite consisted of bedroom with 2 double beds, an en-suite bathroom (the shower head/pressure was one of the best I've ever encountered) and a separate sitting room with a mini kitchen (full fridge, microwave, plates and cutlery). Each room had a tv and the sitting room had a spacious desk and office chair with free high speed internet. No ethernet cable however but reception had spares available at no charge.The suite is lovely for 2 but was a bit tight for space with 5 of us. We had been relying on the sleeper sofa in the sitting room for which there was no linen on arrival. A call to reception illicited prompt delivery of linens and pillows by housekeeping. Unfortunately only when it was time for bed did we try to open the sleeper sofa to find there was no mattress...just a wooden block underneath the sofa cushions. By then it was too late to request a room change (did not want to pack and unpack at midnight) so we made do by just sleeping on the unopened sofa. The swimming pool is a nice size and there are tables, chairs and umbrellas poolside and a small jacuzzi. There is a free airport shuttle bus pick up/drop off which seems to be driven by the receptionists of the hotel and runs every half hour. We asked for dining recommendations and were recommended a restaurant 5 minutes drive away called the 84th squadron. The receptionist offered us transport to the restaurant by the shuttle bus and told us to call them when we had finished dining and the shuttle would pick us up. Very nice free service but since obviously they do this outside of the airport pick up/drop off schedule, it did cause us a wait of around 20 minutes outside the restaurant waiting for pick up. The 84th squadron restaurant was a lovely large cottage style building with good but not great food ranging in price between $15-25 for entrees. The kids and I each had a good size striploin steak for $19.95 whilst my husband had the pot roast for $14.95. The shuttle bus driver gave us a card entitling us to a 10% discount at the restaurant which was useful.The fire alarm went off at around 10pm and a handful of guests including us trundled down the stairs and back to reception to find out it was a false alarm due to someone burning toast in their toaster. We heard from another guest that this was the 2nd alarm in as many days so obviously very sensitive fire alarms or a not so sensitive guest!We did not partake of the free breakfast. The staff are courteous and helpful and I must say the $129 was money well spent for accommodation for 5 of us.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	4	3	3	4	4	

<Author>Indra_724
<Content>Nice Place..... The place was wonderful and the facilities were good. Though the hotel is situated near the Airport, it didn't have any noise. Good Place. Could Recommend to friends.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Verry good stay Been there for business in the first week of june 2006. Rooms were large en clean. Breakfast was good. The room was cleaned every day. Personel was friendly. No negative comments about our whole stay. I can reconment it for business stay.LAE  JD (The Netherlands)  
<Date>Jun 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>JBIowa
<Content>Excellent hotel near airport My wife and I, along with our 16 month old son, checked into the Summerfield Suites enroute to joining my wife鈥檚 family on a Western Caribbean cruise. The hotel is happy to pick you up anytime from the Miami International airport, which is about a 5-10 minute drive but they will not drive you to the bay/port from where cruises start. We checked into a 1-bdr suite. The suite had a separate living room with attached kitchenette and a separate (there is a door in between) bedroom with attached bathroom. The kitchen has a dishwasher, microwave, and fridge; you may want to bring your own dishwashing liquid. The infant bed was a proper bed and not just a pack-n-play; but they did not have blankets for the small bed. The shower was among the best I have ever used, in terms of adjustable water temperature and pressure. The rooms are spacious. The carpets spelt fresh even with the generally high humidity of Miami. There is a VCR and TV in the living room and a separate TV in the bedroom. There is high speed free internet access (wireless). The hotel is a block away from a strip mall that has a gas station, a pharmacy, a Chinese restaurant, a fast food place, and a big supermarket (Publix). There is also a hospital nearby. The hotel has a bunch of coin-operated washers and dryers, but all except one were non-functional for the 4 days we stayed at thehotel. In May 2006, they charged $2 for a wash and $2 for 30 minutes of drying time which seemed a bit steep. The room did have an ironing board and iron but the board was wobbly and creaky.There is plenty of free parking. The neighborhood seemed very clean and safe. There are no great places to eat within walking distance. Some of the best restaurants in the city are at least a 20-30 minute drive. There is a nice swimming pool (no laps though) and a nice whirlpool (both shut at 10 pm). The pool area seemed to run out of pool towels often. There are several outdoor grills in the pool area.The morning breakfast is complimentary. The breakfast was not great but there was fresh fruit, cereals, scrambled eggs, milk, coffee; just the usual fare. The staff was very helpful, smiling, and just wonderful. At about $160 a night, it seemed expensive before we got there. But the comforts and ease of things ultimately made us not regret the price.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>twylajane
<Content>Great place to stay. We stayed at this hotel prior to a cruise. We had a 2 bedroom suite. There were 6 adults in our party. Check in was a breeze. We used express check out. Shuttle bus service was excellent. Shuttle bus was at airport about 15 min from the time we called. Shuttle driver very friendly, and he took us where we needed to go. The breakfast buffet was very good. A lot of variety. The swimming pool was a great place to relax. We definitely will stay here again.  
<Date>May 29, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>early2day
<Content>Spacious We stayed in a 2 BDR, 2 BA, w/Sofa Bed, Suite - that accomodated 6 nicely. The problems: 1. Sofa bed sheets were not changed and no pillows for the sofa bed. The housekeeper was not in, it was around 11:30pm when this was discovered. The front desk gave me one sheet and one pillow, that was all they had available. 2. Both showers had mildew in the grout and the water pressure in the shower wasn't good for thick hair, like mine. 3. One of the mirror sliding doors had a big crack. 4. The breakfast didn't have a nice selection of donuts and bagels, the eggs were runny and the canned cornbeef hash didn't look good. So, that's why I rate it okay. Hopefully, you won't have the same experience. Those are things that can be corrected immediately.  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>2	3	5	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Feimou
<Content>Great Hotel We stayed only for one night before the long drive up to Orlando. I chose the hotel mainly due to the reviews on this site and you cannot go far wrong. The hotel shuttle collected us from the airport and the following morning, the driver took us direct to the car rental company - brilliant! If you're looking for a hotel in Miami near the airport, this is the place to stay!  
<Date>Apr 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Definitely Not what I Expected! After reading the phenomenal reviews of this hotel we decided to give it a try. We had a lovely two bedroom suite, but upon entering our non-smoking suite we found a definite strong odor of smoke. The longer we stayed the stronger it got. I had to call the front desk and was told that they were full so they would just send housekeeping up. Housekeeping sprayed. Next, after checking out the roominess of our accomodations I noticed a stream of ants crawling in the bathroom. I called the front desk again who appeared to be a bit astonished about the ants. Once again Housekeeping was sent up to get the ants up using some type of solution. I left and when I returned later that night to my dismay the smoke was even stronger to the point where it was completely unbearable. I called the front desk who assured me the next day they would look for an opportunity to switch our room. Some other things I noticed is that in our suite it appeared as though someone had ripped the smoke detecter out of the ceiling and only the wires hanging down were visible...tacky and definitely did not make you feel as safe. Could have been taken out do to the strong smell of smoke. Lastly, we could not find a single garbage can in our two bedroom suite only in the kitchen which is totally unacceptable to me. We should have definitely had one in each bathroom at minimum. I will definitely say the next day we were able to move into a much more desireable suite. However, still only 1 garbage can and I felt the suites could have been much cleaner. In comparison to the Amerisuites we stayed at a few days earlier you could definitely feel, see and smell the difference. Although, I must say the bed was more comfortable here.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>cardomon
<Content>Great Airport hotel Very nice airport hotel.We had a two bedroom suite as I knew our internal clocks would be all over the place. Everybody had a great nights sleep. The place was about a $15 taxi ride from the airport. In the morning I jumped on the airport shuttle intending to get off at the airport and catch the car rental shuttle there. The guy wouldn't let me, and took me all the way to the rental depot himself.The kids were gutted we were only spending one night here. Very nice indeed.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>babushka721
<Content>Nice hotel... We stayed at the Summerfield suites on April 1, 2006 for one night before our cruise. It was great having the hotel shuttle pick us up from the airport. The hotel is very close to the airport but we never heard planes flying overhead. The hotel was very clean and nice and everyone at the front desk was very friendly. We were traveling with another couple and booked a non smoking 2 bedroom suite. It was perfect for us and the room was very comfortable and clean! We did not use the pool area but it looked really nice.We were not interested in the restaurants that were close by so the shuttle driver offered to take us to a restaurant as long as it wasn't too far for no charge. He dropped us off at Macaroni Grill and told us to call the hotel when we were done so he could pick us up. Well, the hotel forgot to let the driver know about us so we waited quite a while. But no big deal. We weren't in any hurry.The only downfall was the breakfast buffet. It was pretty bad. Hardly any food was out and it was pretty messy. Maybe it was because we came down about 1/2 hr. before the buffet closed. We weren't too concerned because we knew that within a few hours we'd be on the ship eating non stop for a week! The shuttle service to the pier was great. We scheduled an 11 am pickup the morning of the cruise. We only paid $8 per person and they also picked us up from the cruise port at the end of our cruise and took us to the airport. The service is not thru Summerfield suites but one that the hotel uses. Overall we were very happy with our stay here and would stay again.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Netsanet
<Content>Lovely stay I overnighted at Summerfield Suites and had a lovely stay. I got a free upgrade to a 2-bedroom suite and it was clean, comfortable and well designed. The complimentary breakfast the next morning was also good. Front desk staff were very friendly and helpful. I would like to stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Good airport hotel We arrived at the hotel after a long flight from the UK. Check-in was easy but the first room we were given had a faulty door lock. We phoned reception who sent an engineer right away and he advised us to ask for another room. We did this and were given the room next door. The suite was nice (could have done with a more thorough clean though) but we didn't make a fuss as we were only spending one night. Breakfast was free and very good indeed. The pool area was nice but there were no pool towels. A nice hotel and we would return. Certainly a great deal better than the Wyndham Miami Airport hotel we stayed in last year!!!!  
<Date>Mar 26, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>randy48
<Content>visit We arrived at the Summefield suites on Friday 3/3 prior to a cruise. As advertised, transportation was provided from MIA to the Hotel. You just need to call and they will advise when and where they will pick you up.Check in was without problems. We got a 2 bedroom suite. It was clean, made up and was as advertised. They have a nice pool and hot tub. The entrance to the pool is a lttle confusing. It says to open the latch which isn't visible. You have to reach over the top and unhook it. I thought I was kind of dumb, but in sitting there, I noticed everyone had the same trouble.They have a little neccessity store by the check in. Expensive. If you leave the hotel walk about a block to the right, there is a shopping center with a Publix grocery and restaurants.Transportation to the port of Miami is at the Hotel. $25.00. That seems to be the going rate. A cab ride is the same. This is arranged through the desk.All in all I was pleased with the Summefield and would certainly stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hello1
<Content>Change of Ownership Just a quick FYI: Received an e-mail from Wyndham stating that the Summerfield Suites by Wyndham will no longer be part of the Wyndham Brand as of 01-05-2006. This Hotel (amongst others) will now operate as Summerfied Suites, a global Hyatt affiliate. I guess that I must now say goodbye to the Wyndham benefits and goodies in our room upon arrival.....I was really looking forward to that at the time I had booked under the Wyndham brand.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Handy for the airport but no aircraft noise. Arrived at this hotel with 4 very tired children after long flights from the uk. Check in was quick and easy two bed suite was wonderful very spacious. Rooms were clean beds really comfy and very quiet even though hotel seemed busy. Plenty of linen and towels etc even though there were six of us. Breakfast was very good - lots of choice and plenty to eat. Staff very friendly.Gym was great. Pool and hot tub looked good but did not have time to test them out.Make sure to make yourself a Wyndham by request member - really easy to do and free just look at the hotels web site and choose from drinks and snacks to be placed in your room for your arrival.Would definatley stay again.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>AJHStratford_Ontario
<Content>Great Miami accommodations We stayed at Summerfield Suites prior to going on a cruise. The transfer from the airport was quick, efficient and the driver was a wealth of information.We were quickly checked in, and had a pleasant surprise when we were upgraded to a 2 room suite! It was awesome!! We were travelling with 2 children...were they thrilled to see we had 3 TV's! This was the best sleep I had our entire vacation...great beds, no noise. The pool area was nicely maintained and very quiet during our stay. THe pool was a little cool, but the kids didn't mind and we enjoyed the hot tub. The breakfast is phenomenal for continental fare!I had read in another review that it is well worth registering with the Wyndham hotel VIP program (no cost). You get to choose what you would like in your room on arrival (again at no cost). We received a large platter of fresh fruit and Coors light!!At an additional cost, we booked the transportation to the port ($8.00/person, which seems to be the going rate!)Overall, this is the best hotel I have stayed at in some time. It was safe and secure, staff were friendly and the amenities were excellent!  
<Date>Dec 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>purebob
<Content>The Suite Life ! we stayed 3 days here expecting only a 'convenience' accommodation near the airport. What we got was a lovely family accommodation with real personality.The two bedroomed suite was very comfortable and spacious offering highly flexible accommodation for 2 adults and 2 kids. kitchen was WELL equipped !Pool was great as was hot tub. Breakfast buffet more that acceptable, gym is fine - all in all I can hardly offer a better review. Even the location was quiet for so near an airport, and there were eateries and a supermarket in easy and safe walking distance.Not DIRT cheap but very good value.We're staying there again in feb 2006, for a week this time !  
<Date>Dec 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place to stay in Miami Absolutely loved our stay at Summerfield. My husband and I, along with our son, stayed for 9 nights in July-August and throughly enjoyed it. The room was clean, always stocked with fresh towels and linen, spacious and modern. We had bottled water and juice in the fridge upon arrival. Easy check-in and check-out due to registering as a Member by Request, which is free. Some complain about the staff having spanish accents, it wasn't a problem for me, the staff understood me and I understood them just fine. Plus, in Miami, it's difficult to find spots that don't include spanish speaking individuals. The breakfast bar was great, delicious food. And the evening sundowner provider enough food for my son to not even want dinner out. Honey chix wings, or pasta or salisbury steak, provided a decent meal for any guest. The only down side to the place, in my husband's opinion was the depth of the pool. It only went to 5 feet. Other than that it was a great place to stay and we will be staying there again.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyed this Hotel! We stayed at this hotel for 4 nights in June, 2005 and found the suite extra comfortable. The complimentary breakfast was more than adequate and would set you right for the day. We didn't hire a car, so we were behind the 8 ball. Albert was exceptional and took us to the airport for transfers to the bus service and shopping centres. The hotel room was quiet, except when it rained on one night, you could hear the water gushing down the enclosed downpipe going through our bathroom. We had a room overlooking the pool, but didn't use the pool. The weather wasn't kind to us for looking around Miami but we did get to South Beach to admire the Art Deco buildings. We would certainly recommend this hotel based on our experience.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fishbones
<Content>Great hotel  I can not say enough about this great hotel. For $159 a night we had a two beadroom suite with breakfast and a dinner snack included,. Breakfast was good, dinner snack was ok. All of the employees were friendly and helpfull.Directly accross from one of the airport runways but plane noise was not a problem. Clean, spacious rooms. Two blocks from Hwy 836 or 826 makes it easy to get to downtown or the beach. I was there on business so it made more sence to stay near the airport. In a shopping mall around the corner we found a good and inexpensive Cuban restaurant. Shuttle service to and from the airport was great.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel! We have just arrived from a short holidays in Miami at Summerfield Suites. I just can say that we are really happy with this hotel. We were upgraded (free of charge) to a 2 bedroom suite and they also allow us to stay there at 2:00PM on the date of departure. Great hotel for travelling with children!  
<Date>May 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>trvl4funAustin_Tx
<Content>Pleasantly Surprised I stayed here one night post cruise and was very satisfied. I received a free upgrade upon checking in to a 2 bedroom suite. It was 3 of us so we each had our own tv and bed. We had bottled water, juices, and fresh fruit from the Wyndam By Request staff. The room was clean and the furniture appeared new. The breakfast was adequate with cold/hot choices, juices, and fruits. I would stay here again and also recommend it to others.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>heytoots
<Content>Not That Great........... My husband and I stayed at this hotel pre-cruise...based on the reviews of this board, and honestly.....we were disappointed. Neither one of us was looking for Fancy, but......for the money $170 with taxes.....for one night...we didn't think it was anything special.... The room was okay, but the bathroom was grungy, the furniture was worn out......blah blah blahFor the money, unless you are getting a really, really good deal here.....I would stay somewhere else in the area.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>rgberg
<Content>Disappointing The rooms are indeed spacious. However, the furniture and carpets are worn and dirty. The chair had a gash in it and what appeared to be blood stains. I'm not sure what the basis is for all the praise from other reviewers. Definitely mediocre at best.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelerjoyce
<Content>Great! Miami Pre-Cruise Hotel, especially seniors Cannot say enough good about the Miami Airport Summerfield Suites. Thanks for the tip to become a free Wyndam member, they have free drinks and fresh fruit ready for you in your room when you do. The 2 bedroom suite is great for 2 couples and makes the price very reasonable. Wish we had a week here. The staff suggestion for a great Cuban restaurant somewhat nearby, the Versaille, was a treat, we really felt like we were able to catch the flavor of the local cuisine.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>never stayed...but had to pay How sad it is in this day and age that no one is taken for their word....I booked this hotel hoping to start a dream vacation but due to changes with travelling with others I had to cancel...and DID cancel but was charged anyway!!! When asked for a reversal was told only if I had a confirmation #....unfortunately it couldn't be found (this was booked and cancelled almost a 8 months ago). I was told too bad so sad you are stuck with the $250 charge. Obviously this hotel cares little about guests....returning or otherwise--my advice....try any other hotel!!  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>zen2usa
<Content>Great Quality and Service! (See Pictures)               More photos  
<Date>Mar 13, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>"wished we were staying longer!" We stayed in this hotel for one night only in October 2004. We arrived after travelling for almost 24 hours and so were exhausted. The check-in staff were friendly and helpful. We were amazed at the room and it's facilities. We are a family of 4 but my mother was travelling with us so we had booked a 2 bed / 2 bath suite. There was plenty of room for us all with space to spare ! The beds were amazingly comfortable - yes we were tired and probably could have slept anywhere ! but - they were good. Everything was spotlessly clean too.  The breakfast is complimentary and so we didnt expect a lot but we were very pleasantly surprised. There was a wide selection ranging from cereal, fruit, bagels, doughnuts, croissants and also a cooked choice. Something to suit everybody.  The pool area is lovely and we managed a swim before setting off again the following morning.  We returned to Miami 2 weeks later to fly home. We had three days there but had decided that we wanted to stay in a beach-front hotel so had already booked elsewhere and didnt return to the Summerfield Suites. How we wished we had ! Our second hotel experience in Miami provided us with a tatty, shabby hotel that was in desperate need of updating. True, the location was superb but Summerfield Suites PROOVE that location isnt everything !   
<Date>Feb 14, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Superior--Stay Here! A stylish, well-maintained, and well-managed suite hotel at the edge of an office park, about 2 miles northwest of Coral Gables, one of Miami's best neighborhoods. This is NOT a typical airport hotel! We stayed here for a week on vacation Jan 3-10. Easy access to everything, incl. beaches, although the hotel is not near the beach. (Best nearby beach is Key Biscayne: white sand, clean, no crowds.) Close to Little Havana (= fun, inexpensive restaurants). Hotel Web site and other reviews are accurate regarding facilities so I won't discuss them. Like a 4-star hotel in many respects. You see planes landing/taking off but don't hear them. Most of Miami, incl. its better parts, is on one/another flight path, so you can't avoid it no matter where you stay. Pool area is especially lovely: nicely planted, many palms, very good hot tub. Get a pool-view room if you can, or else you face parking lot. Secure grounds with date palms, uplighting. Looks like Palm Springs (CA). Most other guests seemed to be business folks and/or airline pilots (no cabin staff, just the pilots). I wish I could live here. It's THAT good and about 1/2 the price of comparable hotels elsewhere in Miami and on the beach. No complaints, no criticism. Top drawer. Maybe the best-kept hotel secret in Miami. Will be back again!  
<Date>Jan 12, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Stayed three nights during Christmas week in a two bedroom unit. I will never go back to a standard hotel unit.This place is clean and very well maintained. The rooms are very large and very comfortable. We even had king beds. How terrific is that?Overall an outstanding property and good value.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>albertiger
<Content>all hail Summerfield Suites! Stayed pre-cruise at Wyndham Summerfield Suites Miami airport. Was surprised to have been upgraded to a 2 bdrm-2bath, full kithen, LR suite! as a By Request member there was beer and iced tea in the fridge, mixed nuts and peanuts, and cheese and crackers-also bottled water. Buffet breakfast included. suite was nice enough to move in! supermarket, liquor store, atm all around the corner and shuttle to seaport arranged for by hotel, $8pp. Well done Summerfield Suites, you've earned my allegiance!!!  
<Date>Dec 21, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome Hotel! We stay at this hotel at least 8 times a year and love it! The rooms are very beautiful and comfortable. The staff is always very friendly and helpful. The location is great; everything you need is close by! We always have an awesome stay!! I would recommend this hotel to everyone!  
<Date>Nov 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent hotel After reading all the positive reviews, they definitely held up to my expectations of this hotel. My wife and I stayed there for 1 night before our Sept. 24th 2004 cruise. If you're considering staying at this hotel, it helps to sign up as a Wyndham ByRequest member (doesn't cost anything) through their website. You can chose your preferences for the hotel, such as room location, type of room and even a complimentary beverage and snack when you arrive.Upon checking in to the hotel, they had my room already pre-assigned and my hotel key waiting for me. I had requested a room on the first floor and near the hotel lobby (upon making the reservation previously). This request was fulfilled. We had a 2 bedroom suite with a kitchenette. The kitchenette was stocked with everything you could possibly need if you were to stay there for a week and wanted to cook your own meals. They have have a free grocery shopping service - you make a list and they will pick up the items for you at no charge (of course you pay for the groceries). There were a couple bottles of water and bottles of beer waiting for us in the refrigerator (which is what I also requested). The rooms were very impressive, very clean and furniture was contemporary. The layout of the room felt more like an apartment and less like a hotel. There was also a great social gathering from 5-7pm every day where complimentary appetizers, beer and wine were served. We also ate at the complimentary breakfast served the following morning (eggs, sausage, waffles, bagels, fruit, etc).The only negative I found with the hotel was the shower water pressure was a little lacking.All in all, this hotel was definitely worth it. I haved stayed at a few hotels in Miami, and although the location is not on the beach, it's still right off the highway and only a 10 min drive to downtown. Parking is free and very accessible.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Smoked out in Miami! This hotel becomes our home base when working in Miami for extended periods, so I know it pretty well. The rooms are nice and comfortable. We always get a double suite with two bedrooms and two baths. We can live nicely in there for a long time.The negatives are as thus: First, it is so close to the airport that a cloud of diesel exhaust settles into the courtyard every day. Many times I have been in the pool or jacuzzi and had to jump out, choking and coughing and running for the indoors. I have not figured out any pattern of when this happens so as to avoid it. My other complaint is that everything is basically self-serve. I mean that no one on staff goes out of their way to provide service or do favors for you. For instance, when my partner left his credit card at the front desk accidentally, no one called our room to tell us they'd found it. We spent a day in panic searching for it. They had it and they know us well by name - this is inexplicable to me that they could not leave a phone message.Additionally, people smoke everywhere in this hotel including the non-smoking rooms. Also, if you don't speak Spanish you will have some difficulties. A lot of pantomiming just to get an extra towel or piece of soap from housekeeping - but again, it's Miami. It is all young men at the desk and they seem more intent on competing with one another than with listening or talking to customers. Isn't that part of hospitality? Service is a bit harsh. Still, it's one of the best of its type of hotel around town.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Summerfield Suites is the place to stay   showReview(2289748, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>monika.smith_123
<Content>Loved the resort!!!!   showReview(2270177, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 6, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place, but too bad for theft from room   showReview(1725451, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 15, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Hotelcritique
<Content>Great for a pre or post cruise stay!   showReview(1661694, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lovecaribbean1
<Content>Great Place for the price!!   showReview(1646231, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 11, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Our 1 night stay was pleasant!   showReview(1628538, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>what a great place   showReview(1626670, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very nice   showReview(1150561, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 28, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Value   showReview(1140251, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 20, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great stay at the Summerfield   showReview(834241, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 6, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gutes Flughafenhotel   showReview(19632351, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>speedy08
<Content>Flughafenhotel   showReview(18941008, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>nicht nur f眉r Ankunft und Abflug geeignet   showReview(18531568, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ideal f眉r die R眉ckreise   showReview(16604000, 'full');   
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Suites spacieuses tr猫s confortable pour famille avec enfants   showReview(13202424, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sehr gutes Preis-Leistungsverh盲ltnis, jederzeit wieder   showReview(11666767, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Je n'y retournerai pas   showReview(11666766, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tresbon rapport qualit茅 prix   showReview(11385288, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 9, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

