<Author>TeganThomas
<Content>As Good as it Gets We have stayed here twice now and it is impossible to fault this hotel. They arranged a flawless airport pickup and easy in-room check in so no stress. The room was great, well appointed with nice furnishings and very comfortable. The bed was huge, high and very comfortable and the enormous marshmallow pillows just swallow you up, the bathroom is elegant, well designed and functionally superb.The staff is courteous, efficient and thorough. When we accidently left our 鈥淒o not Disturb鈥?sign on our room all day we returned to fine a note explaining that they had after due consideration decided that we probably forgotten to remove the sign so they had serviced our room any way.The food in the hotel is excellent if very expensive, on our first visit we had one meal in which cost about SGD$200 this time with the exchange rate against us we gave that a miss. My husband鈥檚 birthday fell during our visit and we returned from our day out to find a very attractive (and very tasty) cake awaiting us with a card from the hotel 鈥?they had picked that up from our passports but it was much appreciated.This is the least noisy Business Class city hotel I have ever stayed in, although it is effectively on Orchard it is just far enough from the main drag that you can鈥檛 hear the traffic and music but close enough to be in the centre of everything within a two minute walk.All in all the Four Seasons is as good as it gets.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Ryan.W
<Content>Perfect from beginning to end There was not one single problem with this hotel. Perfect airport pick-up, in-room check-in on arrival, excellent modern-amenities room, luxe bath, excellent restaurant. And close enough to Orchard Road without being right in the chaos. (Exit throught the attached mall by Cafe 190 into the connected Hilton Hotel to access Orchard Road.) Taxi service always immediate, business center excellent, concierge available and well-informed. They've got it all going on.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mohammedyu
<Content>Reliable Grande Dame My latest stay was from 11/15 to 11/19. I travel to Singapore regularly both for work and play, this latest stay was for shopping. I have stayed about four times before both with my mom, my wife and by myself.If you come to Singapore for shopping, there is no other hotel of this level near Orchard. The Hilton and Marriott appear to be lower grade. I've stayed at the Shangri-La but it could not be compared to the Four Seasons. I've considered the Fullerton but it's too far from Orchard. If your prime destination is Ngee Ann City and all of the premier boutiques, nothing beats this hotel. Although the map indicates the hotel is not on Orchard, there is a connecting walkway which lets you out on the second floor of the shopping arcade inside the Hilton. Take the escalator down and you are at the lobby of the Hilton, which is directly on Orchard. All of the major shopping malls on Orchard are now no more than a five minute walk from you.Every time I've stayed at this hotel, I've noticed thoughtful evolutions of the room which were not existent or which I did not notice during my previous stay. One such development was the installation of international wire sockets -- not just in the bathroom for the shaver, but also next to the bed and next to desk so that you don't need converters for your notebook or cell phone.The fact that internet connection is still charged is a minor drawback.Otherwise service is top rate -- setting the standard for all Asian hotels. This time around I did not try the pool, the spa or the restaurants. I did have one dinner by room service and it was excellent -- dishes from the Chinese restaurant are highly recommended, though they are not cheap. I did have lunch at the lobby restaurant - they have a deal where you order a main dish and then provide appetizers/dessert by buffet - fairly good.The exterior of the hotel is another minor drawback -- but who cares about a hotel's exterior -- it's what inside that counts and I just have nothing but raves for it in this case.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jbloom26
<Content>Great hotel, as expected!!! We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights, first stop on our honeymoon. The hotel itself is well decorated, clean and the service was exceptional. The room itself was exactly as you'd expect from a Four Seasons. The concierge couldn't help enough, even when my wife drove them mad. All the staff were constantly friendly and nothing was ever to much for them. the front door staff know your name from the moment you arrive, and refuse to let you open the door for yourself.The breakfast in the hotel was brilliant, with more on offer than you could ever eat.All in all this hotel was a great start to our honeymoon, and i would definately return.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>capri_8
<Content>Loved our stay We stayed here for the weekend, and were very happy with the room as well as the service. The hotel employees were helpful, courteous and discreet. Even the staff from the housekeeping and room service departments were thoughtful and very considerate with requests, and in the manner they executed the same. The bed was extremely comfortable, the rooms kept clean, plus the design of and furniture in the room are safe for our toddler.It was a short walk to Orchard road, and the area was very safe even at night.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>gibra
<Content>A Great Hotel This is a brilliant hotel, one of the best hotels I have ever had the pleasure to stay in. was very clean, roomy and comfortable with very friendly staff. The breakfast and lunch buffets were superb, I was impressed!  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>GeorgeFarris
<Content>A Hotel Four All Seasons Our family was on an around the world voyage when we arrived, exhausted from Africa via Europe and the Levant. Upon arrival found the Four Seasons Singapore to be a hotel for all seasons. It was tastefully appointed, luxurious, we were superbly served, and it was comfortable! The hotel's mattresses and pillows were so perfect and popular that the property actually offered them for sale! The Four Seasons is centrally located and has considerable competition, but we were delighted with the respite we found. Along the way we had been conducting a cottage industry of assisting our first born in processing her belated college applications. The help the front desk and the business center provided in dispatching applications to meet our daughter's deadlines was greatly appreciated.We found the breakfast buffet at the One-Ninety restaurant offered both Asian and Continental offerings. The dim-sum at their Cantonese restaurant, Jiang-Nan Chun, was superb by any standard.Of course, rack rates at any Four Seasons property can be daunting, but shop around for better rates or promotions and the value you receive will increase.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>geraldchan05
<Content>Excellent stay My friend and I stayed in a Deluxe room for three days in June, and I must say I was extremely impressed with FS Singapore! We arrived the hotel 1am in the morning as our flight was delayed, and upon check in the agent was alreaday expecting us--seamless checkin and the porters were extremely friendly as well. Rooms were fairly large and a very nice bathroom with separate shower. Buffet breakfast( included in our package) was nice, but one would get bored easily as the selection was the same every day. This FS is relatively small compared to the one in HK but I felt it is more cozy and really genuine warmth from the staff. If you don't mind walking for a bit Orchard road is just 5 minutes away from the hotel. Will definitely come back.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>OCbusinessman
<Content>Nice hotel, decent stay I was on business trip in the region and decided last minute to book a room at the FS.I called the hotel directly, they advised me about some renovation in progress but assured it would not be disruptive.They actually put me in one of the newly renovated room which was a nice touch. The room still had that new smell. Nice layout, good size room and bath, I would say they did a good job.Some draw back in service though: I checked in late in the afternoon, went up in the room I called a colleague of mine with my mobile, the hotel phone rung but I did not pick up, out of nowhere I started hearing the front desk agent talking to me hallo, Hallo?! What the heck? Not only was this disruptive, but the agent if she wanted could have stayed silent and hear my privat conversation or anything else without me knowing about it.The agent ask me if I wanted a welcome tea, I appreciated the gesture and said yes, but her offering was odd how about an english breakfast? bare in mind it is close to 7pm. I asked for something a bit more settled for this time of the day, they should match their standard offering depending on the time of day, it would sound less robotic or scripted.After over twenty minutes wait and still no tea, I called the front office and canceled the order as it was time for dinner.Drinks at the bar was totally over priced for the product offered, Jose Cuervo gold, the worst and cheapest tequila on the market as a standard for $21++ margaritas!!! Food was ok at the restaurant.Room service for breakfast was also good (the food only).Overall it was a decent stay, all what needed was there, nothing really special though.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	2	-1	

<Author>Pacdan
<Content>Four Seasons Hotel Singapore--A great place to stay. My experience at the Four Seasons was wonderful. This stay was for a business trip. The hotel was recommended by a colleague and booked through my company travel site. But had I been staying for a vacation, I would have been equally satisfied. The room was spacious and comfortable, the amenities plush, and the staff was the best of all. They were friendly, helpful, and knowledgeable. The Concierge Desk was especially helpful in providing information, making a dinner reservation (what would have been a 30 minute wait evaporated into sitting down right away), helping with reserving a taxi and checking in for the return flight. I had only one meal at the hotel, a breakfast, and it was great if a bit pricey. The fitness center is very good, and the staff there helpful as well. The location is good, close to the Orchard Road subway station, which my colleague and I rode to the office (quicker than a taxi). The subway is by far the best way to see the city and get from one place and the other. I'd stay here again on business, and would certainly stay on a personal trip. It's a bit pricey, but worth it. Negatives? The only one is that on the 8th floor, I heard some street noise, but not much.  
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Mei_C
<Content>My Wedding Stay We were allocated a newly-refurbished Executive Suite as part of our two-night wedding package. My traditional parents were pleased to note that even the room number was auspicious. The suite is divided into two sections (living cum dining room) and bedroom. The place was spacious enough for eight of us to have our marriage solemnization ceremony and this included our photographer and videographer moving about the area. My aunt booked a similar suite and we noticed the differences between the old style and the renovated one. I must say, the refurbished one is more well-planned. For a light sleeper like me, it was considerate of the hotel to arrange the upgrading works to be not as noisy as expected and also, to be carried out after late morning.Concierge was good with security and made sure that my make-up artist, photographer, videographer was able to access my floor. Our parents were escorted up. The bell-hops were very polite and recognized us each day. Same to be said about one of the One-Ninety Restaurant staff. I can鈥檛 recall his name but I sure remember his face! He remembered our morning beverages. He鈥檚 probably a Captain or Manager etc.Breakfast is very good at the One-Ninety Restaurant. Even common items such as bacon, sausages, baked beans are displayed on hot plates. A very considerate touch.If you're looking for an intimate and still first class hotel, look no further. We're really really pleased with our stay  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>calleywell
<Content>a superb hotel a world class hotel ,close to the botanical gardensand all the best shopping areas .exellent sevice, superb accomodation and wonderful food  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GlobeRoamer
<Content>ALL as can be expected Ok ok ... 4 seasons hotels are a format ..... but what a format! yes the room decor was a little on the formal side by todays standards yet, yes, the service and facilities are ememplorary. If you have the budget this is a great place to stay and perfectly located for shopping sprees ... albeit in the luxury side of town ... orcahrd road. I,ll be back.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>doggieluver
<Content>Could have been better I have stayed at the FS in Singapore numerous times over the past few years. I have come to the conclusion that this hotel needs some renovation and the staff needs an energy pill. The decor is very typical of any FS hotel--traditional and elegant. All the rooms are very spacious. However, in my last visit, the wear and tear of the in-room furniture/upholstery was evident. The bath tub had a long, deep crack in it. I changed to another room (and got an upgrade by the manager), but this second room was not that much better than the first one. Service was ok but not top notch (not up to expectations at a FS hotel). Staff was quite slow in responding to guests' requests and often forgot to respond totally. The worst aspect of this hotel is the location, assuming your business meetings are not in the Orchard Road area. Cab rides to the business district in the morning may take over 40 minutes. The line for cabs is also long as hellll.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	2	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Kibo
<Content>Top class hotel, one of the best... Spent 4 nights here in late Feb on a business trip and this is one of the best hotels I have stayed in. Wonderful feel and sense of real calm and class. From door staff to restaurant all were great, nothing too much trouble. Room was huge and luxurious and the biggest I have had the pleasure of staying in (and as far as I know it was a standard room). Double sinks in bathroom, huge walk in shower, separate bath, toilet, etc. sofa in room, bed comfy, pillows swallowed me up......so all round could not fault at all. This hotel was a pleasure to stay in and I will most definitely return given the chance. Have stayed in 3 hotels in Singapore in recent months. including Shangri-La and Pan Pacific and this gets my vote.Unfortunately I did not get chance to use the main pool - rooftop pool fine but small - so cannot comment, but it appeared adequate, if not on scale and resort style as other hotels. On day of departure was offered the use of the changing facilities they have and this was fantastic and allowed to freshen up before flight home. Wel done FS Hotels - this is a good place, and thanks.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>ninasch1976
<Content>Nice Hotel in excellent location We, a family of 4 stayed in this hotes for 4 nights in February.I really would not say its in need of total renovation. Our suite was lovely, (Executive suite with sep. living room) and I did not see worn out things.When you travel with kids they only allow you to one small pool and not to the big lap pool near the spa. Location is superb, s short walk to Orchard and you are in the middle of it all!Breakfasts are good, only the room s really dark and with no daylight i did not like it. Maybe this is not important to some.Service was excellent, everyone had a smile and was helpful all the way.Massages in Spa were very good either.Just one really negative thing, if you use their internet its a real scam. About 7 Euros for a 15 minutes use is just a rip off. I did not see why a top hotel can not offer it for free, the prices for a room should justify it!  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>wabihongkong
<Content>In need of a Total Make Over Organized a small business conference there as my experiences in other Four Seasons establishments have been good. I was disappointed the minute I got into the hotel limousine. As my spouse decided to accompany me for the trip at the very last minute, I did not register for two guests. The driver was visibly disturbed by having an extra passenger. He called the hotel immediately to report so in our presence. Such behaviour was bizarre but we took no heed. Further disappointment when the staff checked us into our room. Her very first words weren't welcome but I had to pay extra for the additional guest or my spouse would not be allowed to stay with me. I politely told her that I would of course pay as that was the rule, but she reiterated herself defiantly almost without hearing me. I guess she must have had a bad day, or that the hotel had experienced too many guests piling into the room without paying extra. The room decor was also a disappointment. Stained carpets, dusty window that overlooked a tired tennis court. The toilet wash basin tap came off after I used it a couple of times. Almost scalded myself as it was difficult to control the hotwater temperature.The gym and sauna room were good, except that it felt like a maze when I first used it. Too many doors without any indication. The saving grace is the great concierge who was very prompt in booking restaurants. He got tables for me in no time.Oh, I wandered into Club 21 outlets within the Four Seasons vicinity one afternoon. The staff were chatting amongst themselves without any attempt to lower their voice, lest to serve me. Bizarre, considering that they are marketed as the top and best.There are better choices, such as Fullerton and Intercon. I do not think I will return.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	4	1	3	5	

<Author>tahoeMunich
<Content>Not Four Seasons quality The quality of service is at best inconsistent - not what we have come to expect of the Four Seasons brand. On our stay there we gave the staff a big Ho Hum for service. Nothing extraordinary there, though the room and pool were nice enough. On our next visit (we stayed elsewhere), the staff at the kids' club at One Ninety restaurant in the hotel (Sunday brunch child minding service) LOST OUR TODDLER and then told me they were too busy to watch every child. An assistant manager told me they weren't responsible for the kids' club staff in their hotel. Outrageous. When I pointed out that we were standing inside the FS and therefore to me everyone working represents FS, she reluctantly agreed but offered no more to appease the situation. My spouse stays in Singapore 6 times a year and not once has returned to FS. We're heading back again as a family next month but of course will avoid the FS and now also its restaurants!  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	4	4	5	1	2	4	

<Author>cflorin
<Content>A second stay at FS Singapore This was only my second stay at the FS, because I usually favour the Shangri-La on Orange Grove from where I do my morning jog to the Botanic gardens and enjoy the great pool.But the FS absolutely stands-out for very good service. I was given a room before check-in at 10:00am, the concierge arranged tickets for shows at Esplanade, transportation was promptly organized. Room service was always on-time with excellent food and some touch in the presentation. Service was prompt and efficient in the restaurant and bar.The Club features a nice gym room by the pool. The spa is convenient, even if simple and service can be booked at short notice. I found a small jogging map to run to Botanic gardens, although I would advise to double-check the itinerary on a full map before. The pool gets morning sun until 3pm or so, then it is in the shade of the building, but it is nice. I did not check the roof-top mini-pool. For transportation, it's closer than Shangri-La to the Orchard MRT and if you walk a good tip is to use the back passage that connects directly to the Hilton shopping mall on Orchard Road, rather than the main hotel entrance. Otherwise, there is always a taxi waiting.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>HuarenToronto
<Content>Good dated hotel This hotel is old! Much of the room furnishings are old and a little tired. However, the staff and the maintenance of the hotel make up for the old and dated furnishings. Very friendly staff, excellent breakfast buffet, good facilities (with 'private' lap pool on lower floor and sun tanning pool on roof top), well maintained.Would recommend this hotel in a city that is not short for choices. The bonus is that it isn't a very large property and therefore doesn't have those large crowds. Plus, it is off Orchard Road, on a slight incline, away from the bustle of the street.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>frangipani7
<Content>Great service makes it a great place to stay My husband and I stayed at the Four Seasons Singapore for 3 nights on a split visit 鈥?December 28th and January 5th and 6th. The lobby of the hotel is lovely and inviting. Our room was attractive and was very spacious, as was the bath. It wasn鈥檛 as beautiful as the rooms at the Four Seasons Bangkok, though 鈥?the generic, understated decor was more in line with the Four Seasons Sydney (without the amazing view). Our package included the breakfast buffet at One-Ninety, which was fantastic, more selections than I could have imagined and very delicious. I also had a wonderfully relaxing massage at the spa on the third floor. When we had trouble scheduling (it was part of our package for the second two nights), we called the concierge and she arranged it almost immediately. (The spa initially said they were booked up for the entire length of our short stay, which was the only glitch we experienced).What really made our stay was the service, as it always is at the Four Seasons. The staff addresses you by name from the first minute and is quick to offer assistance. Both times we arrived there was a hand-written note from the hotel manager waiting for us in the room, and 鈥?after an absence of a week 鈥?it seemed the staff remembered us, as from the moment we stepped out of the taxi on January 5th they all said 鈥榳elcome back鈥? Whether this was true or whether they had been prompted in advance of our second arrival, it was impressive nonetheless. During the week we were away, they stored baggage for us, which was greatly appreciated. Orchard Road shopping and dining is within walking distance, of course, and (this being Singapore!) everything else is a short drive away. Cabs were always plentiful. I would recommend the Four Seasons as being a great choice - a top hotel with top service.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>uwis66
<Content>Four Seasons Hotel Singapore is A+ in every way This is a wonderful hotel. The rooms are large and luxurious. The location is ideal, close to Orchard Road. The service is impeccable. I would specifically cite Edmund at the concierge desk who was extremely helpful in how to get around the city, what to be sure to see (we wanted to sightsee on our own), and in recommending restaurants. The breakfast buffet has everything you could want. The Chinese restaurant serves excellent food.Highly recommended.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dougly
<Content>great experience We had one night in SIN. Took advantage of the weekend breakfast special. Had a late night arrival from the US. The staff was welcoming and warm. The room was great, generous space and well-appointed. The breakfast was good. Nice pool. Good location on Orchard Road. Wonderful friendly staff.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kevinyaxley
<Content>Climate Change at This 4 Seasons Failed miserably to live up to the promise of efficiency, much less luxury. In need of a refurbishment and it looks like they are saving the money to do so. When you pay top dollar at a deluxe hotel, a guest expects the best, especially from Four Seasons. Whichever way we looked the cost cutting and penny pinching was eveident. The room service meals were ordinary (great milkshakes though). The bath towels were small and shabby. They had in room tea service but to have a coffe you pay SNG$18 for a pot for one. The lounge suite had one leg broken off making it dangerous and smelt of odour. After realisingafterthe first day that you had to hang a sign on the door to request a newspaper I hunted down the sign. The next day was a Sunday so apparently no newspaper?? The next day the promised paper by 0700 am still wasnt there at 930am even though room service breakfast had been delivered. Requests for NOT delivering a package were ignored along with the DND sign while sleeping to deliver a package. The service was robotically efficient but you really had to hunt for it. Reminded me more of a McDonalds store rather than a luxury hotel where giving guest service is meant to be a pleasure as opposed to a chore.My comments on a guest feedback card were responded to in an equally robotic way assuring that next time I stayed they would ensure that they would note my request for coffee. They need not worry, there will never be a not time.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	4	2	-1	

<Author>MumbaiResident
<Content>Great service!       Room Pic 1  
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>meiling_9
<Content>A Royal Experience It's hard to find fault with an established hotel such as the Four Seasons... except the price, of course.If price isn't a factor then I would highly recommend this place. The service is top notch (I even got served a refreshing glass of iced tea on arrival - my choice. I'm sure if I asked for a GT, I would've gotten it as well). The FB is one of the best around, I'm told the spread for their Sunday buffet is to-die-for. Unfortunately, I missed out. The rooms are spacious, well-light and of course, well-appointed. Ditto with the bathrooms. The toiletries are courtesy of French aromatheraphy-brand, L'Occitane. A great addition!Location, while not on the main strip of Orchard Road is still quite ideal. It's a short walk to Wheelock Place and it partly hidden, making it cosy and quiet. Taxis abound so that's not a worry.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>NicholeBa
<Content>Nicest staff, felt like royalty This was my first visit to a Four Seasons, and I thought it was absolutely wonderful. When we checked in I had a cold, and the lady offered to send up some chamomile tea with honey which came immediately, and also gave me a map with detailed instructions on how to get to a pharmacy. The room itself had one of the most comfortable beds I've ever slept in. It was impecably clean. You could make another bedroom out of the bathroom, it was so large! They gave you L'Occataine shampoo, conditioner and other products, loved the shower gel--it smelled like Orange Pez candies. And the main event was breakfast every morning. Fresh juices, good coffee and teas, eggs any way you like them, waffles with any toppings, and the pastries and bread assortment was so vast with a lot of other savory choices as well--even some Indian dishes were offered. I would eat so much at breakfast, that I would be completely stuffed until dinner. The main thing was the service though. I thought they were the absolute nicest people, always smiling, and always willing to assist you with anything you needed.I will definitely be staying at this hotel again, and will definitely look up the Four Seasons in other towns that I travel too. :)  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CLKPerth
<Content>Fantastic Four Seasons       Bedroom  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Burracooka
<Content>Wonderful Stay Have just returned from the 4S Singapore  really wanted to pass on my good experience. The hotel was wonderful in so many ways. The staff couldnt do enough for you, always remembered your name, were efficient and helpful and made an enormous effort to make sure we were comfortable at all times.A special mention should be made of the Spa, its Director and the 1 particular Massage Therapist who took care of my elderly mother. She was very reluctant and was very sensitive to her body and her recent hip replacement. The Therapist was superb to her! Very gently, helpful to the point of escorting her to and from the change room and taking her down in the Service Lift so she didnt have to walk down all the steps back to the Spa Reception. We so appreciated these little kind touches!In terms of hardware, our suite was lovely - well equipped, clean and spacious. It must be said that they could probably do with an update. As mentioned here before, they are starting to look a little dowdy! Also, the in-house TV could do with a SERIOUS revamp!Our only drama with the hotel was the checking out process and the bill. We were leaving very early in the morning so requested the account the night before so that we could settle up the majority of the bill and in the morning settle the remainders - room service dinner and 1 international telephone call to home in the morning. We went through this with the girl working out our account and she seemed to understand. Finally the bill was sent up to us with several items billed to us instead of taken off as they were items included in our package ie: 2 x massages  1 x dimsum lunch. We had to go through quite an ordeal to assure them that they were in fact inclusive items. Finally, they agreed  revised the account. Next morning we go downstairs to see the SAME GIRL - pay the last items (rs dinner  a $3 phone call) and she tries to bill us for the room tariff again for the previous night - despite having already charged us  being the one who prepped the bill the night before!Perhaps Im being petty - but I thought this was almost unforgiveable at a hotel of this standing. Also, it was the last dealing we had with the hotel - not a great way to leave our stay!Such a shame a silly thing like this should occur.Dont let it put you off though - just be very careful  check your bill, perhaps even bring your confirmation email/letter (which we didnt) just in case you need to wave in someones face!All in all - everything else and everyone else outweighed this little inconvenience.Enjoy!  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Massimo_C
<Content>Get out of my luggage Cutting a long story short, I discovered an item of clothing was taken from my open suitcase and replaced, wet. It was ruined as the colour had run. It was obvious someone had taken it out of the bag and for whatever reason, washed it. The care instructions advised against washing.When I complained, management offered to compensate me for the cost of the item. I accepted only to have the offer mysteriously retracted the following day. When I complained about this outrageous treatment, the hotel decided to stand by their offer. A manager told us we should get in touch on our way back through Singapore (as we had a further night booked) and that he would make it up to us. However, after that the same staff harrassed me by following me and demanding that I give them the ruined item, which they had already previously taken to inspect. I explained they had already violated my property and hadn't purchased it from me, but were compensating me for the intrusion and damage.We cancelled our further reservation and stayed elsewhere.I am disgusted at how poorly the staff at this hotel are trained. First, they should respect their guests' rights not to have their property tampered with. Secondly, they should be made aware how to handle incidents like this to ensure they don't make a terrible situation far worse. Stay anywhere else. Three stars would beat these Four Seasons.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	3	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>DohaRgb
<Content>Can be better When you hear the name Four Seasons, you expect a superb 5-star hotel.Four Seasons Singapore does not offer a big range of in-house dining.You need to leave the hotel to look for a varirty of restaurants.In general the Hotel is relatively small in size.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	1	2	2	2	1	

<Author>Nicholas3003
<Content>Excellent Hotel - Great Service I've stayed at the FS for three days; business and leisure.The staff and service was absolutely excellent. Had a minor problem with the in-room safe in the beginning, but it was fixed wthin 10 minutes.I had a corner room with a very big bathroom and everything was in perfect order.Used the two pools on the roof and in the Club, where you also can take a shower after you have already checked out. Nice service!The location off Orchard Road is good, too. It is much more quiet than on the big road and so easy to access via the indoor link with the Hilton Hotel. You can find the link right between the bar and the restaurant.Overall, a great stay and I can absolutely recommend to choose this hotel while being in Singapore.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Grigs
<Content>Great for a short stay Up to the normal standards you would expect from the excellent four seasons chain. Huge room, clean and well furnished. Helpful staff and very efficient. Wide choice at breakfast although service can be a little slow. It feels very much like a business hotel though - but great for a short stay passing through.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tommy0609
<Content>A Good Choice, but Need to Know a Few Things... My wife and I stayed for 2 nights in June 2007 in a Executive Floor Standard Room. A good hotel with all the virtues and amenities you would expect, but there are a few things a person should know before choosing the Four Seasons Singapore.Check-in time: The check-in time is 3PM. This poses a bit of a problem for people arriving in early morning (as we did). Usually the hotel will try to arrange an early check-in, but when the hotel is busy, then this can be difficult. We had to wait a few hours, but the reception was very diligent in trying to take care of us.Wear and tear: The rooms are quite nicely furnished (as you would expect from a Four Seasons hotel), but the hotel has fallen victim to the dreaded rattling air-conditioning/ventilation syndrome which occurs in older hotels. Annoying.Location: Biz travellers like to go to hotels in the Marina Bay area, some tourists like to go to the colonial-style (i.e. Raffles, Fullerton), and those who plan to do a bit of shopping prefer the hotels located near Orchard Road (like the Four Seasons). A minor point, but the Four Seasons is not actually located on the main Orchard Road, but is a street away. Also a bit of a distance away from the main department stores as well. Thus not as convenient as the Hilton or Marriott if you are planning to do the shop, pop back into the hotel for a short break and drop off your bags, shop again routine.A fine place to stay, but personally would consider other options in the Orchard Road area for the above reasons.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	5	3	5	5	

<Author>heewee
<Content>Our favourite hotel - the Four Season There are certain aspects about hotels that turn them from good to great. The Four Seasons is a great hotel, we are frequent visitors to Singapore and would not think about staying anywhere else. The welcome and check in are friendly and straightforward. The rooms, classically decorated are soooo comfortable. The breakfasts are amazing. What more can I say-fabulous. Looking forward to our next visit in November  
<Date>May 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>yutlufat
<Content>Shame about the breakfast Great rooms, location and staff, was not impressed with the breakfast.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>macintosh
<Content>Expense Account Heaven ... (and an acceptable honeymoon venue) To date, all of my expense account visits at the SIN FS have been most satisfactory. (Well, not one to complain, provided someone else, is paying.)Given my supreme stature within my fine firm, the Superior (and on occasion, Deluxe) room categories are for the taking. They serve their purpose: convenient for work, broadband, king-size bed, and in-room massage treatments until 11 pm. (Although, the Four Seasons Bangkok - my all-time favourite urban FS property - offers most relaxing in-room treatments until 2 am.)Have always had the best times with business colleagues and new/old friends in the FS bar (One-Ninety). One particularly sweet evening at the FS last year, I pulled a little prank on another colleague: this gentleman had a habit of flying a lady friend in from Bangkok on a budget carrier, and telling her he was flying the same low-cost airline. So, during one of his visits to the wash room, I confided to his angel that he actually flew Raffles (Business) Class on Singapore Airlines ... well, upon his return to the table, his little paramour let him have it. It was so sweet; one of those moments that makes business travel all worthwhile ... (to atone for his sins, he was obliged to buy a rather dear Hermes purse for his dearest.)Well, happy hijinks aside, the SIN FS remains one of the best, part of my personal business travel top-eight: Tokyo Park Hyatt, Bangkok Peninsula, Bangkok Four Seasons, HK Island Shangri-La, Bangkok Oriental, Bangkok Shangri-La, and yes, the centre of the known universe, the Bangkok Sheraton Grande Sukhumvit.Almost forgot to mention the horrifying (financial) conclusion to our '06 honeymoon at the SIN FS. (The majority of the Asian matrimonial monetary damage was inflicted via wedding ceremony/reception/fireworks/suite/, at the Bangkok Oriental, followed by another rather spacious suite at the BKK Peninsula.) During our tender honeymoon times at the SIN FS, we never left the property, thanks to judicious quantities of a certain performance-enhancing drug, La Perla lingerie, and my all-time favourite Barry White CD. (Gentlemen, if you knew how my wife can destroy a luxury shop in short order, you would do the same.)Love Singapore, love doing business in Singapore, and love the Singapore Four Seasons ... (But just between us: I consider the Bangkok Four Seasons to be a far better value, and I prefer Tokyo, Hong Kong, and most certainly, Bangkok (our new home), to Singapore ... but nothing - not even Cathay Pacific, First Class - will ever touch a certain Singaporean airline ... personal reasons, mind you.) ...macintosh (robert)... In this ever changing world, Singapore Girl, you're a great way to fly ...  
<Date>Jan 25, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Finlo
<Content>Unobstrusive service, good for the business traveller I've stayed at the Four Seasons Hotel Singapore three times on business trips and always find it a calm, welcoming place to drop suitcase at the end of an 11 hour flight. Rooms are a good size, both bed and bath. The toiletries offered are good quality.Nice touches are bookmark-sized fables on your pillow at turn down and a jack to plug your MP3 player in.You're within five minutes stroll of Orchard Road MRT station, or a taxi down to the Raffles Quay area will be around $10 SGD. From the airport, it's about 25 minutes and around $25SGD in a taxi.Pros - clean, smart decor in the rooms, good size. Polite staff with efficient check in and check out. Excellent chinese restaurant.Cons - have noticed the quality of room service food going down a little with each stay (or am I just getting fussy?). Lousy range of TV channels - if you're there on your own, take a good book.Having to check out in the morning and then do a day in the office before a 10pm flight home, a nice touch is that they'll store your luggage and welcome you back in the evening to grab a shower in the 3rd floor sports club. My advice - pack a LITTLE bag with your shower kit and change of clothes for this - the final approach to the club is up a flight of stairs, and there simply isn't locker space for a full size suitcase in there.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JBrown411
<Content>Very good but could be better This was the second time I stayed at this hotel for vacation with my wife and 2 kids. Our first visit was outstanding and I raved about our stay to all my friends. I rated our first stay 99 out of 100 - the only shortcoming was the concierge that was mediocre. Everything else was perfect and we were extremely happy with our stay. It is because we sere so happy with our first experience thatwe came back and stayed for 5 nights.Unfortunately our second visit was not as good as our first visitbecause the quality of their service had dropped significantly. First the good:Outstanding room  priceLike our first visit, we also got a suite the second time. Both times I thought the rooms were excellent and the price was outstanding. For the money, I felt that I got a fantastic bargain for a hotel of this caliber.Loved the restaurants - outstanding food.Had breakfast every morning at the 190 - I thought it was excellent.Had New Year's eve dinner at Jiang-Nan Chun - food was outstanding and I really liked it.Had New Year's day brunch - also outstanding and very pleased with the food.The disappointment:I repeatedly was disappointed by the service of some of the staff members:At check-in the drinks we ordered were not delivered. Incredibly I had to call them twice to remind them to bring us our drinks. I could not believe this. Was I staying at the Holiday Inn?I emailed a complaint to the hotel manager and he apologized and offered to send me some wine and caviar. This was a very nice gesture on his part and I appreciated it - but since my wife and I did not drink wine and did not like caviar I asked him if he could send us something else instead. Some tea and cookies would be fine. Well guess what happened? He sent me the wine and caviar anyway - how disappointing. The service at the restaurant on sepearate occasions was terrible. On New Year's eve I had dinner at the restaurant. I was there with my family and my brother and his family. I was the oldest of the group. Amazingly there were no plates, utensils, or glass where I sat and no one bothered to get me anything! Did the staff think I was just there to watch my family eat? I sat there waiting to see if any of the staff would do anything. Unfortunately not - so I asked for the manager who then got me a setting. I then asked for a glass of water - surprise surprise - it never came. Everyone else at the table got their drinks except for me. They got drinks for the kids but nothing for Dad. I have never been to a restaurant in my life where the waitress did ot ask me what I wanted to drink. I was the one paying for the dinner and thestaff ignored me. Needless to say I was upset and called the manager to ask her why ther staff had such a hard time getting me a simple glass of water. Fortunately the food was excellent and helped compensate for the terrible service. During breakfast one morning at the 190 the staff also just acted as if my son and I were not there. I am a very understanding and patient person - I accept the fact that no one is perfect - but the restaurant was not that busy and the staffkept going to the tables around me but always passed by my table without looking at us or asking us if we needed anything. I finally had to ask for the manager and complain to him. What garbage service. If I was staying at a cheap hotel I would not have been so disappointed, but I expected a lot more from the Four Seasons.Each time I got poor service, I was polite, pleasant, and well dressed - so there was never a reason for the staff to serve me so poorly. Maybe because I was not causcasian the staff did not feel it was important to provide me with the level of service that the Four Seasons is well known for. The concierge was also not very warm and friendly for some reason. One evening when it was quiet I went to the desk to speak with the concierge to introduce myself and to get some tips from him. I was polite and pleasant but unfortunately the Concierge did not seem interested in speaking with me even though I was the only person there. He was just luke warm and seemed like he was not interested in speaking with me.Next time I go to Singapore I will try the Fullerton or the Rtiz.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	3	2	4	

<Author>PlungePoolJunkie
<Content>Four Seasons Singapore Nov 2006       View towards Orchard Road from FS Singapore  
<Date>Dec 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tanseaway
<Content>Best hotel in Singapore - by a mile This is easily the best hotel in Singapore. Efficient staff, flawless and attentive service, best concierge in town, great fitness centre and tennis courts... the list just goes on and on. I stay here every single time I visit Singapore, and have never been disappointed.The location on Orchard Blvd is ideal - it is much quieter than Orchard Road, but sacrifices very little in convenience and ease of access to it. The link to the Hilton Hotel (which is situated on Orchard Road) is a great added convenience in this respect.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>navigator
<Content>Excellent hotel, but This is a superb hotel. We stayed from 26th Oct - 30th Oct 2006. The staff cannot do enough for you.The rooms were spacious and catered for everything you would want.The pool and club lounge on the 3rd floor are a great way to chill out away from the hustle and bustle of the city. Try the spa.I do have three things that annoyed me though. First, the price of the water in the mini bar.Second, I did not like the restaurant layout. Food is excellent but people can walk past you coming in from the shops or bar as there is only a small wall dividing the restaurant from the public area. The restaurant is not relaxing in anyway shape or form.Third is nothing to do with the hotel but the guests. I know you pay for good service but I am fed up with people who think they are above everybody else and treat the staff badly. Even speaking to them in a derogatory manner. For what you get here for the price is fantastic but I would only return if someone else booked as I cannot be around such rude people and that's the guests I am talking about.The staff are excellent in all parts of this hotel.This hotel is in a good location situated just off Orchard rd and connected to the Hilton via a small shopping mall. Entrance between bar and restaurant.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>noxioust
<Content>Out of this world! We stayed here for 5 nights to attend a friend's wedding in the hotel. One of the best hotels I've stayed in Singapore. The staff were courteous, efficient and helpful. I receive a complimentary birthday cake by surprise. The pools were clean. Breakfast was good. Good location. Rooms spacious and luxurious. Absolutely wonderful. Highly recommended!  
<Date>Oct 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PeeBrain
<Content>A good hotel BUT...(sad) The staff is really superb! Nothing is impossible. The room was light, big windows, a really beautiful shower/bath/toilet room.You can connect your pc/mp3 to cable straight to tv and speakers in bath-room. (no need to take my own and struggle with the aux connection behind the tv!)A nice desk for working BUT:They charge you 30 dollars for internet/day. Remember this is 2006. The price for the room is 500 sing dollars. Just stupid to charge extra for this basic service. (Pan-Pacific Hotel club rooms has this complimentery.)A well filled mini-bar BUT:They charge you for those 1 liter water bottles outside the bar. This is singapore, a country with a humid, really warm climate. If you don't drink you go dry... (This should def. be complimentary, at least 1-2 bottles a day) [again Pan-Pacific Hotel club rooms has this complimentery, for a room rate more than 100 bucks less]The gym is open 24 hours. You can go for their SPA, you can have massage etc. You can sit in their lounge and relax BUT:They charge you 48 dollars if you want a small cocktail.[again again Pan-Pacific Hotel club rooms has this free in their club lounge]Conclusion:I do not actually care about the extra costs, it is the principle! it gives me a feel of greed=a lot hidden costs that I don't like.In fact it annoyes me to the point that I will not return as a guest to this otherwise superb hotel.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2006
<Rating>4	2	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>agjeaton
<Content>Great Brunch We stayed here on our way to and on the way back from Bali, great service, great food, all the usual 4 seasons touches, the Sunday Brunch is the best ever! If you are in Singapore on a sunday its a must  
<Date>Oct 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Chern
<Content>Superb as always A truly wonderful hotel. Arrived in a regular taxi from the airport, greeted by name by Doorman. Checking in had been given a quiet corner room far from the elevator as I had requested during my previous stay. Even remembered to put extra pillows on the bed.Room was everything expected from 4 Seasons and the bath was even deep enough for me to soak and enjoy a homemade martini ( thanks to the shaker and empty glass that was delivered in minutes of requesting). And the next evening it was sparkling clean and waiting with a fresh martini glass on the side table.This hotel is all about personal service, ladies and gentlemen providing exquisite service for ladies and gentlemen. And doing it in a friendly and sophisticated manner, no pretense, no attitude.Great location on Orchard Blvd ( just cut thru the airconditioned shopping arcade to Orchard Road and all the shopping), quiet and nice views. Pool is lovely.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Cailean
<Content>Superb experience Stayed at The Four Seasons for three nights in April 2006. Have previously stayed at The Four Seasons in Las Vegas and Sydney so were confident of a good experience. As it was the last three nights of an eight week tour of Australasia we wanted to end the trip with a bit of style so arranged a limousin to pick us up from the airport(This was arranged via the hotel website). On arrival at the hotel about 10pm we were met at the car by the duty manager and our registration was processed quickly. We were then informed that as the hotel was extremely busy we were to be upgraded. In fact we were allocated the sleeping quarters of the Presidential Suite on the top floor.The accomodation was superb - huge room, enormous bed and a magnificent bathroom of excellent proportions.The quality of everything in the room and bathroom was of a very high standard and the service by the staff faultless. The room also had a great view of the city. We took breakfast each day and it could not be faulted. Plenty of variety and there was no chance of going hungry.One evening we had dinner in our room and again the quality of both food and service was top notch.This was our first trip to Singapore and my wife and I just loved the place and staying at the 4S was the icing on the cake. Will definately return and will probably stay at the same hotel.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>beijau
<Content>Solid value for business travelers With something approaching three months of 2006 spent in Singapore hotels, I have learned a few things. Among them is that the Four Seasons offers business travelers what they need, full stop.Most of my time in Singapore this year has been at the Fullerton Hotel for the sake of convenience. The fact is, after two stays, I prefer the Four Seasons hands down. I rate the 4S Above average relative to Singapore business hotels charging a corporate rate. The other comparable hotel in my mind is the Ritz Carlton, but once again, location can play a big factor in that choice.Chances are that the Four Seasons's near-Orchard Road location is a cab ride away from where businesspeople work. Not so bad in the morning, but a bit more a struggle in the evening. What makes up for it, in my experience, is the application of the Four Seasons standard to rooms and service at this property. The service is friendly, consistent, and responsive. The rooms are well-appointed and more comfortable than average in Singapore (or elsewhere for that matter). Need I say more?  
<Date>Aug 18, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>uryjm
<Content>The Upgraded Experience       Our ice cold bedroom.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Austers
<Content>Average Having just come from the Pen in HK and the Banyan Tree in Phuket this was an extremely average experience. The club facilities were worthless. Nice building and pleasant staff but something was missing!  
<Date>Aug 1, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	4	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>huxtable
<Content>average ! at best dissapointing and average would be appropriate terms to describe this hoteldissapointing because for the price we paid, I dont feel we got value for our moneywe booked a deluxe room, via our travel agent, wanting to try another 5 star hotel in Singapore. Previously we have stayed at the Fullerton, Raffles the plaza and the Intercontinental. We stayed here for 8 nights and hence I feel this makes us well placed to comment on this hotel.A deluxe room at the four seasons was indeed far more expesnive than any of the other hotels I mentioned aboveWhat this hotel does have going for it is exceptional service, up there with its compatriot the four seasons in Bangkok. However lets look at the reaons why I gave this hotel 31 housekeeping; the towels really need an update and almost every day, they were on the tattyside. On two separate occasions we found clumps of hair, definately not in the colour of either myself or my wife in the shower AFTER the cleaner had finished with the rooms maintenance. The drinking glasses in the room, were not clean on most occasions.2 breakfast, we had breakfast included at the 190 restaurant on the ground floor. Get the fresh mango juice, this is definately a delight !. However in terms of the quality and range I am afraid it does not compare to the previous three Singapore hotels I mentioned. The service at the breakfast was average, and really they were all to prompt in handing us the bill, but were slightly tardy in providing us with clean cutlery !3 business centre, I used the internet here on two occasions, at about USD 10 for 15 minutes, this is a tad expensive. there is a nearby internet cafe, which provides tremendous service and charges about USD 2 for 30 minutes. The service at the business centre was average and i felt the girls were more interested in getting my charges correct.I would not stay at the four seasons againIf I had to rank the four 5 star hotels we have stayed in Singapore, than I would rank them in this order, best Fullerton, second Intercontinental, third four seasons and finally raffles the plaza  
<Date>Jul 8, 2006
<Rating>3	1	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>MoodyR
<Content>Excellet Hotel but some maintenance problems       The marble bathroom  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Recommended Stayed for a weeks holiday in a superior room in late June. Hotel room and service very, very good. Staff could not do enough to help. My wife needed to see a doctor while she was here (not serious and nothing to do with the hotel) and the staff did everything but carry her there themselves - lots of chocolates and fruit for several days afterwards plus staff check-ups. Pool and Club areas excellent with helpful and attentive staff. I would rate it excellent but for one gripe - the restaurants are a rip-off. Not a major problem though as there are numerous restaurants within a few minutes walk where you can get better food at half the price. Moral of the story is get out and sample the town and dont just be a hotel person. Overall - highly recommended.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tundergarth
<Content>Excellent but....... Based on my experiences staying at five different Four Season's previously, the Singapore hotel falls a bit short. It is still a grand and excellently run hotel. However, the Premium room that I got was not up to other Four Season's standards and the view out the corner windows was quiite ugly at both views. I may be a bit picky, but as highly rated and as relatively expensive this hotel is, it should be perfect as, I found, was the case at the Four Season's in New York and Paris for instance. The policy of all Four Seasopn's of charging between $10 and $20 extra for high speed internet access is downright foolish on their part. Instead of charging $600 or $800. for a room, charge $610 or $810 and forgo the embarrassing surcharge for what should surely be part of the room rate.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bugsy12
<Content>Great stay Stayed at the Four Seasons end of May in an executive suite. It was an amazing experience. Staff knew you by name and service was friendly. However, I think the Mariott and Hyatt were closer to shops. To be fair, the Four Seasons was close to shops as well but you have to walk through a walkway to get to the shops and if you go late at night, the walkway was a little deserted. Food was great - had the curry laksa and room service was fantastic. The rooms were also spacious, very new and had lovely tolietries. I liked the little touches that the Four Seasons had like being able to check in in your room and not queue up at reception which made the stay memorable.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>toomanybeds
<Content>As good as it gets I rarely enthuse about a hotel but this one breaks the mould. Not so much for its rooms and facilities, they are fine enough but replicated as well elsewhere. No, what makes this one different is the quality of service. The staff are the best trained and motivated I have ever encountered, I think. So few chains understand the need for this to ensure repeat business. Service is personalised, discreet and anticipatory. From the wakeup call to the concierge, the transition is flawless. The emphasis on safety is also very welcome. My only niggles are the constant fiddling with the room key, especially for the lift - time they went wireless - and the room safe is too small for a laptop.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Hotel Got a last minute room here as all of singapores hotels were packed due to some aerospace convention. Had a suite that was very spacious and up to the usual 4 seasons standards.This hotel is very swish...the reception staff look sharp in their suits and have communication devices to keep in touch with other staff whilst on the move. The spa is excellent with free use of jacuzzi, steam room, suana etc. Two great outdoor swimming pools (one at spa level - about level 10?)...and one right at the top of the hotel.This hotel is located just off the top end of orchard road and is linked by a strip of designer clothes shops to the Hilton.I would thoroughly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>StephenIsleofMan_UK
<Content>Four Seasons for Fabulousness After the long flight from Christchurch NZ what bliss to arrive at the Four Seasons for a four-night stay. Swift and ever-smiling reception team at check-in (accomplished in moments) baggage arrived swiftly in our deluxe room where clothes we had had sent in advance were already hanging in the wardrobes. Great deluxe twin, wonderful separate shower in the roomy bathroom and what a benefit the separate w.c. is. Room service silky smooth. Breakfast ordered for 0830 arrives at...0830 on the dot and what an inspired idea to be provided with a toaster - no rubbery cold toast here. Everyone remembered our names, bar, restaurant and fitness centre staff wonderfully friendly. We loved the discreet service at both pools and enjoyed fabulous manicures, pedicures and an in-room massage. In summary, a superb stay we would hope to repeat.(Les Amis and Au Jardin des Amis great restaurants in Singapore - London prices but with Singaporean charm, and if you can, fly Raffles Class with Singapore Airlines - sets the mood for a great stay in this fabulous city).  
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>NNei
<Content>Four Seasons is not perfect Although we stayed for only a night and found the service and facilities very good, there were just a few annoying things that marred our experience. First, a welcome letter personally addressed and hand-written to me was a nice touch - but how difficult is it spell my surname right when it is only 3 letters long? This I can forgive, but not what follows. A week after returning home to UK, I received a letter and a bill to say that I had taken a pack of playing cards from the minibar, and they have debited S$11 against my credit card!!! Not only had I not taken the cards, but I don't play cards, and I had no time in a short stay to play cards. Would anyone in such a well appointed hotel be bored enough to play cards, I wonder! In perspective, S$11 is a petty amount of money. Why would a hotel with millions in turn over pursue such a small amount? I personally could not justify expending my time or the cost of a long-distance phone call to Singapore to get a refund of S$11. I emailed Four Seasons International - their website promised a reply within 48 hours. 4 weeks later, silence, nada. Think about it - for a mere $11 Four Seasons has paid a lot more in ruining their reputation.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>livefully
<Content>This is an excellent hotel This is one of my favorite hotels. I have been staying here since 1999 and just love it. The rooms are luxurious. The service is excellent. The food is very good, especially the dim sum. They have always gone out of their way to accommodate my special dietary needs.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ALKDVS
<Content>Great Value for Luxury We stayed here twice: several days in December and again in January. Both stays were really superb.This hotel has many admirable qualities: nicely sized and apportioned rooms, excellent service, fine restaurants, and a wonderful management that understands how to take care of guests. Though the hotel was busy, the concierge desk always dealt with requests quickly and made very fine recommendations. The bell staff was the most efficient I have encountered anywhere--and the food, from the superb buffet breakfast to dinner in both restaurants was far better than your average hotel, indeed average five star hotel, dining. The management of this hotel, in a fine location for most attractions in Singapore, really has done a marvelous job here. I'd recommend it for anyone who has to spend time in Singapore.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>LLori
<Content>Will not be able to stay anywhere else after this hotel The Four Seasons Singapore simply amazed me with their professionalism. We arrived prior to the 3 pm check-in and promptly received our room. At check-in, we were asked whether departure transportation could be arranged. The bell-hop was quick to offer refreshments or other assistance. Minutes later, the front-desk called to see if everything was to our satisfaction and again asked if we needed any refreshments. What a welcome to Singapore. The breakfast buffet was included in our room rate and had a dizzying array of choices. Western omelets, pancakes, waffles, Japanese miso soup, congee, dim sum, a variety of cheeses, pastries, bread with homemade fruits of the forest preserves and fresh tropical fruits with 6 different honey to list a few items. . . YUM隆 The room was delightful- pillow-top bed, 100% cotton sheets. Heaven. We were spoiled by the spacious bathroom, in-room Ipod stereo system, and the Club. It was hard to leave this wonderful property with excellent amenities. The concierges also work hard to give you suggestions. A+ to the Four Seasons隆  
<Date>Jan 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>stablio
<Content>Could not be faulted! We stayed here for Christmas 2005  the experience could not have been better. The Hotel  staff are a credit to the 4 seasons, within minutes all the staff knew our names  went out of their way to book restaurants, show us local attractions  even to find me a pashmina to wrap up in! (The air-con was very strong during afternoon tea) The location is fantastic with a shopping mall granting access onto the shopper鈥檚 paradise Orchard Road through the Hilton hotel. As a surprise from my boyfriend the concierge even went back to a shop where I had seen fabulous shoes earlier in the day  bought them for him to give to me! Talk about service!! This hotel is superb.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Abbyx007
<Content>Excellent Hotel Stayed for 5 nights from Dec 26th. Got a suite and it was excellent. In room check in, met at the door by reservations manager who remembered us from a prior visit. Complimentary good red wine and another bottle when air con leaked a bit one day. Extra half hour tennis time given because I complimented the room manager, free tea brought to my ailing daughter one evening when she had a bad tummy, front desk who tried hard to change an airline reservation for us, and on and on. This is a hotel, not a resort. People who stay at a hotel like this probably have a preference for toothbrush so should not expect one. The tap water is fine and so bottled water is really not needed either. These quibbles by other reviewers are for lesser hotels. I will stay at this hotel every time I'm in Singapore. The breakfast buffet is the best quality I've ever had, not the largest variety which is not necessary anyway, just extremely high quality. Good service and prompt dish removal. The rooms are not over done, in fact they are understated, so those wanting plush ornate will not like it. I found the room refreshingly uncluttered and spotless. Room rate included two breakfasts, but was given a third for my daughter. Early checkout meant no breakfast buffet but three complete Americab breakfasts were provided with room service instead. Excellent!I cannot say enough about the hotel and staff. This is a grand hotel in the European tradition, not a resort, so don't expect a resort. The gym is fantastic, too.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>GlobalRoamer
<Content>Very good, but room for improvement I like this hotel, and am inclined to agree that the rooms and the decor are indeed the best I've seen in Singapore (although I haven't stayed at Raffles - slightly different price range!)But there are a number of minor issues that could be addressed:- Complimentary bottled water is standard in most 5 star hotels in Singapore, but not the 4 Seasons.- Complimentary toothbrushes are also fairly standard in Singapore, but not at the 4 Seasons.- Some daily chocolates are a nice gesture, absent in the 4 Seasons...It's a good hotel, I'd stay there again, but I prefer Raffles The Plaza (which also is more convenient for the business traveller)  
<Date>Dec 22, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Rough Stay Not my typical Four Seasons experience, the hotel was very busy when I stayed with them for 3 nights and the lobby was a complete chaotic mess when I checked in. There were more people hanging around the lobby than at the MRT station. I had the unpleasuring experience of dealing with Ms. Fairoza at the desk who tended to my check in inquiry regarding a non- smoking room and I can honestly tell you she may have been the rudest employee I have come across at any FS. 'No sir we dont have it, are you going to stay with us'.  I ordered breakfast through room service and received the wrong eggs, when I asked to have them replaced it took an additional 35 minutes. All in all a nice hotel just small details.Cheers  
<Date>Dec 18, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Travel147
<Content>Pleasant stay...but not stellar Stayed here 2 nights and it was a pleasant stay. The service was generally excellent. The concierges provided some good nontouristy restaurant recomendations and helped us plan a day of sightseeing. The pool area was pleasant with good service.The room was typical Four Seasons, though it did seem smaller than their other locations.The only negative was the casual restaurant. It seemed to be just a step above a TGIFridays, and the service was not very polished. The bread was stale, and it took a long time to get food. At the breakfast buffet, used plates piled up on our table....never being cleared.The entertainment in the lounge was also very loud.However, these two negative would not turn me away from a future stay at this hotel....I just wouldn't eat here for dinner.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>TempLondoner
<Content>Exceptional Service  From the moment we arrived (with in room check-in) to the minute we left, this hotel met every expectation and then some. Having travelled the world, this is the best 5 star hotel I have found. The staff are incredibly helpful and will bend over backwards to assist you, the breakfast (get it included in your room rate if you can) was to die for, and the hotel itself is just a few minutes walk through the airconditioned underground walkway to Orchard Road (the main street).We booked on the hotel website and got a great deal, which included 2 nights in a beautifully appointed room, breakfast both days, a tennis lesson and a golf simulator session. One thing to consider - we thought we would eat 'authentically' on our first night, so chose the in-house chinese restaurant. Once again the service was amazing, however the food was not to our 'western' liking. This was no fault of the restaurant, it was just food we were not used to eating and would suggest that if you aren't used to authentically cooked food choose somewhere else.Definitely recommend this hotel as a stopover or for a few nights (more than 5 nights in Singapore would be too many in my opinion), and we will be going back.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ths777
<Content>Excellent Hotel This hotel lived up to my expectations. It has an excellent location in my opinion, close enough to Orchard Rd that we could walk easily, and far enough from Orchard Rd so that it was very quiet. Service was excellent in this hotel, from the moment we checked in, when I used the 3rd floor pool, when I used the gym. The complimentary breakfast was excellent. Of course, the room looks a bit outdated (considering this is not a new hotel), but they have kept them in pristine and clean condition. All in all, I was very satisfied.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Plush Four Seasons Singapore is a phenomenal hotel - although it is away from much of the fun (unless you have a fortune to spend on Orchard Road). I would definitely stay here again. On a side note, my girlfriend and I saw John Travolta in the lobby at 1AM as we were checking in!  
<Date>Nov 23, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Dalbox
<Content>Best in Singapore Have just returned from a wonderful stay at Four Seasons. This was a family trip with an elderly mother. The professional staff could not have been kinder. We(party of 3 daughters and one son with mother) stayed in two executive suites and one deluxe double. Rooms were spotless, superbly equipped and very comfortable. Concierge was amazing, nothing was too much trouble. Staff at breakfast were excellent, after a couple of days we were recognised, which was nice. Health club facilities and staff first rate.We had an early departure and the wake up call was followed by a welcome cup of tea.Cannot rate this hotel too highly on all counts. Delighted to stay again.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>weiaze
<Content>Well run hotel First, in case someone thinks I am being unfair, be aware than I am quite picky about certain things.Now, on to the review.I was attending a convention in Singapore and stayed there in June. The welcome was good - the doorman opened the taxi for me and unloaded my luggage efficiently and with a smile. I was surprised and amazed he knew my name immediately - I hadn't said a single word to him! I asked him how he did it and I can't reveal the answer here as it may be a 4S secret though I think it is very simple and obvious way and laughed that I didn't think of it.The hotel exterior is very plain and the lobby is tiny and simple - don't expect anything palatial. But the check-in staff were very efficient and courteous. In my mind - a little too aggressively efficient - I felt a bit like a part in a manufacturing plant that had to be processed as fast as possible to meet key performance indicators! The front desk man was obviously well drilled and spoke in an accent neutral, robotic voice. Being from neighbouring Malaysia and just to test how he would react I responded to one of his questions in the local accent - complete with lahs appended at the end of the sentence. He looked a bit suprised and responded by switching to local accent as well :)The good thing about the small lobby is that you don't have to run a marathon to get to the lifts. The room was large and clean but the layout/bed/sofa/cabinet/desk/lamps were standard hotel type. They did have a DVD player and a complimentary DVD that plays music to help you sleep better but I didn't use it as the music sounded wierd and not to my taste - very new agey. The marble bathroom was large and clean with a separate toilet room, two sinks with great little bottles of L'Occitane toilettries, a bathtub and glass shower stall. The front desk sent up complimentary tea (they ask you upon check in if you want anything to drink sent to your room) and called to ask if the room was ok (again, in an efficient, robotic way). Had drinks in the lounge. Service was good but the waitress didn't smile. In fact that is quite the theme to this hotel - efficient service but without smiles (except for the first doorman, none of the other staff smiled at me throughout my entire stay. In fact they looked stressed. Under pressure to perform perhaps?).Breakfast buffet was good - the mango juice was the highlight - lovely thick and fresh. However, you cannot help yourself to it, you have to ask them to pour it for you. A man who looked like a supervisor or manager walking around noticed I was using a metal spoon for my Chinese style rice porridge and quickly came over and asked me if I wanted a chinese spoon. I was suitably impressed at the attention to detail.One night I was cold so I rang housekeeping to ask for hot water. He sounded annoyed - perhaps because I didn't call to order champagne? Also there is no thermostat in the room - I called housekeeping and they said they could send a mechanic to adjust the cold air flow but I said nevermind as it sounded like too much trouble (both for me and for them).Hotel staff will not get into the same lift as you. I suppose it is part of their training to not get into the same lift as hotel guests but it does feel a bit odd, at least to me. Even though they were there at the lift first, they will just hold the door open until you get in and then stand there while the door closes.The last day, I needed to check out late and they said I could put my luggage in the store room and take a shower in one of their spare rooms (or gym I can't remember which) when I got back. When I got back to the hotel to claim my luggage they did not offer the shower to me. Fair enough, I did not ask for it either, but I thought they would have cared enough to offer it to me as I definitely looked hot and sweaty after walking around in the afternoon heat and humidity in a suit.Overall: it's a well run hotel, with prompt efficient service and great toilettries that business travelers will appreciate.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>as close to a perfect hotel as you will probably find it's tempting not to bother with a review of this great hotel since everyone else writing just raves about it. however, for anyone visiting singapore and with a desire for the best, you really can't beat it. in a city of superb hotels and service, the four seasons still stands out from the crowd, from front desk and concierge service to the restaurants etc. the location is quite important, just around the corner from the best intersection of scotts and orchard roads, where all the shopping action is closeby. a number of other fine hotels are down in the marina and financial area, great for business but not for a leisure visit. the buffet breakfast is about as complete as you can ask for, with a wide range of oriental and western dishes, and the chinese restaurant is also top class, although a bit cold and formal for my taste. they certainly uphold the four seasons standards as well as anywhere in the world. the in house athletic club and gym is a great facility also, where you can work out, hang out, eat and enjoy the tv, newspapers, magazines and all day snacks. especially for those planning their first visit to singapore, this would be an ideal place to stay for the very best example of this incredible city state  
<Date>Oct 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>moschino24_98
<Content>very nice We moved to the Four Seasons after a not very pleasent stay at The Oriental.The hotel is very well located at Orchard road , connected via The Hilton.The reception is small but luxury. The staff are friendly and check in quick. There was a really nice cake for my partner 40th birthday.We booked a weekend break which comes with breakfast and free tennis lessons. We arrived after the Sat lessons but the hotel arranged lessons on Sunday especially for us. The rooms are nce and specious but in some need of renovation. The breakfast is nice but not great.The pools are clean and relaxing. Overall the hotel is better then The Oriental, expecially based on service but far worst then Shangri-La. If you want a reallly hotel in Singapore, there is only one place: Shangri-La.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Could not have asked for better.. As title says we had an excellent time here over two nights. Lovely room (normal size). Breakfast very nicely laid out with huge variety. Staff could not have been more helpful or friendly. Superb huge shower in marble bathroom. Roof pool refreshing with views. Recommend botanical gardens 20 mins walk up the road, little india interesting as is the river area. Eat in the food halls for huge variety and v cheap prices.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>frenchandparisian
<Content>Perfect Place               More photos  
<Date>Sep 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>maac56
<Content>A really good Hotel, i'll return next year!   showReview(3901252, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Segler
<Content>Definitely THE Hotel in Singapore   showReview(3898323, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>AussieAnge
<Content>Can't rate this hotel highly enough   showReview(3701034, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MikeCMelbourne
<Content>High Quality   showReview(3543138, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 10, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jah123
<Content>Excellent hotel   showReview(3473639, 'full');   
<Date>May 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>surftraveler
<Content>A great hotel!   showReview(3346796, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>fightinghippos10
<Content>First Class Quality   showReview(3273449, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Faultless   showReview(3256836, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect location, kid friendly   showReview(2951884, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>stinger32
<Content>Excellent Property in Trendy Orchard Rd Area   showReview(2802099, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈点兗銉撱偣婧€鐐?#x201d;   showReview(20752643, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉儵銉冦偗銈广仹銇嶃倠銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(19169867, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉曘偐銉笺偡銉笺偤銉炽偤銈枫兂銈儩銉笺儷   showReview(19167562, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏃ユ湰浜恒偣銈裤儍銉曘亴銇勩伨銇?#x201d;   showReview(19164318, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈淬兗銈搞儯銈恒仾銈广偆銉笺儓   showReview(19161703, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>寰撴キ鍝°亴瑕垏   showReview(19158389, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 4, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈儶銈广優銈广偆銉栥倰閬庛仈...   showReview(19917041, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 12, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>浠娿伨銇ф硦銇俱仯銇熼兘甯傚瀷...   showReview(19916950, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 9, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

