<Author>jayjayy
<Content>Wouldnt stay again! This hotel didnt quite live up to my expectations. When we arrived it took 10 minutes till somebody strolled over and directed us to the reception desk. There was no one to take our luggage to the room. They couldnt find our reservation for quite a while there even though i had rang earlier that afternoon to confirm. There was a huge cockroach on the front desk which wouldnt have bothered me so much if everything else had been okay. Now to the room.. decently sized but there were a few attention to detail issues... The mirror in the bathroom was dirty as was the bath tub, the telephone and TV were broken, i had to go down and get somebody to come up to fix them. The champagne and the chocolate that were supposed to be in the room weren't. All the staff were great and the food was magnificent (dinner and breakfast... esp the dinner) Just a shame the attention to detail was lacking... for the amount of money it costs to stay there it just all feels a little too sloppy. And the toilets are a shocker but every other reviewer mentions them in detail so i think i will leave it at that. The views are amazing, the hotel has some real potential but....  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	5	2	2	5	-1	

<Author>liamuk2
<Content>Stay somewhere else! This was the final night of a 28 day trip around Australia and New Zealand and I booked this place to break up the long trip from New Zealand back to the UK.The Good:- Location is good right on the waterfront and if you have a view of the harbour I expect it would be pretty nice (although not as good as one of the circular quay hotels such as Four Seasons or the Marriott)- Decor is nice and modern with nice colours in the room and a big (I'd guess 32) TVThe Bad:- Check-in was only manned by one person who was clearly very busy. I checked in and was told to go to my room and given a key. Imagine my surprise when I walked into the room to find two other guests already in there. They were extremely surprised to see me as I was to see them. If I had been them I would have been very angry with someone walking in unannounced - I felt very bad about this.I understand mistakes do happen but I feel this could so easily have been avoided and put a downer on the whole stay at the hotel. The desk clerk was verbally apologetic and I asked him to call the occupants of the first room to apologize.The second room I was given was by far the smallest of all the hotels I stayed at during the trip and was the furthest from reception there was on the 3rd floor. It had a small window which was high up and did not open. This faced the street and had a view of a tiny bit of the road leading to the harbour bridge. The notepad in the room still had the previous guest's notes on it.No mention or further apology for the room incident was given at check-out or at any other time during my stay.- I was not met by a porter at the arrival door and had to drag my heavy bags up some stairs to reception and to my room(s)- Left luggage is kept behind a roped area right next to the door rather than in a separate secured room as in other hotels. I suppose this is secure if there is a porter watching it permanently but I was still anxious leaving my belongings there.- The other person in my party in another room found a cockroach in their room as they were departing.I would definitely not stay at this hotel again. Earlier on in the trip I stayed at the Marriott Sydney Harbour for a week and this is a fantastic hotel. It is preferable in every respect with far better service, an excellent exec lounge, excellent views, and better service, location and rooms.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	2	3	1	2	-1	

<Author>sarasponda
<Content>wonderful experience We went to Sydney to celebrate our 50th wedding anniversary. I did lots of research to fine the best rate and hotel.We settled on the Pier One since it was right on the water. After a grueling 16 hour flight, we arrived at the hotel. The first room we were given (because it was ready for occupancy) was not the one we ordered and paid for. It was on the 3rd floor and only a tiny high window which did not open. We asked for the room we paid for and were changed to a wonderful ground floor suite with two sliding doors. It had a nice table and chairs on the lanai and we had our evening wine and cheese time there nearly every night. We were able to watch the boats on the very busy harbor. It was right on the water with a promenade for public use. We found this to be great, since we got to talk to some of the various folks as they were passing by,and they were all very nice and interesting. Since we were to be staying for two weeks, this room was very comfortable and all was well.The staff in the hotel were very nice, polite, friendly, and most accommodating. The hotel was within a good walking distance to everything and we walked at least five miles a day.The ferry system is great and a good way to venture around and not expensive at all.We loved our time at the Sebel and would certainly stay again and would not hesitate to recommend this fine property to anyone needing peace and quiet as well as the hustle and bustle of people watching.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>jean070
<Content>Overall, I walked away from the experience extremely disappointed and would stro Overall, I walked away from the experience extremely disappointed and would strongly discourage any intending guests to reconsider selecting the Sebel as their choice of accommodation.The breakfast ,food and service was terrible. Dinner in the restaurant was disapointing,I thought the food was ordinary ,not sure if they have a chef.I thoght my dinner was prepared by a houewife not a professional chef. Please stay away form this Hotel!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	2	1	2	

<Author>CleaSan
<Content>Ok for something different Stayed here for work for two nights. The hotel is in an amazing location right on the water (over the water) and next to the Harbour Bridge.The decor of the hotel is nice and modern with some cool touches such as a glass floor near the lounge area to look through to the water below and modern touch sensative lifts however which were annoying to work out how to use at first. The toilet is noisy due to vacuum flush (similar to an aeroplane) and due to the floorboards in the hall it's very noisy when people walk past. The view was of the wharf next to us so it wasn't harbour views or anything amazing.It was different and an interesting place to stay but I don't know that I would book again.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>drconc
<Content>more like a 2 star hotel I booked a 'Romantic Getaway' experience that included a bottle of sparkling wine on arrival a box of chocolates and a Bvalgari gift pack - sounds wonderful? Well, I arrived in my KING room to find a speactular view ....if you stand on your tippy toes and squint your eyes out of the hazzy small window. I looked up and down and all around for my 'Romantic' stuff ...and it was nowhere to be found. The room looked more like a Joker size than a King and the toilet sounded like it was about to take-off when you flushed it but it was the wonderful chocolate and wine that awaited me in my room that made my arrival worth it ....ooh thats right THERE WAS NO WINE OR CHOCOLATES ON ARRIVAL!!!!!!!!!!!! So, on my way down to the lobby I politley reminded them of my package and they said Oh yes! It's all on the way, so my partner and I went out only to come home hours later and still find no special package awaiting us. We showered (and brought our own soap ...for some reason 5 star hotels can only afford the classic stinky hotel soap which is lovely if you want to stink like scratchy hotel soap) and we went out to dinner we arrived back at the hotel very late to find that there was no wine or chocolates or gift packs and went to bed in our lusciously hard uncomfortable stained 5 star bed. We awoke and got ready to enjoy our buffet breakfast only to be told to sit and wait for a table to be ready ....the breakfast was delicious - if you like old fried eggs mmmmmm. After breakfast, I then went to reception to advise them of my disappointment with my 'Romatic Getway' package only to have the receptionist bring out a form where my name was highlighted and signed to say that the package had been delivered??? So there may be a number of the Sebels staff stammering around with a bit of extra wine to enjoy and chocolates smothered over their mouths smelling like Bvalgari perfume .....anyway I was offered the wine which I knidly declined because I just didn't feel like drinking it a 10am and seeing that I only stayed the one night I didn't feel like drinking it during the day either - did I want extra lugguage? No, thank you. I was also offered an extended check-out uuumm no thank you ...I can only stand on my tippy toes for so long staring out the window with the view of the harbour.All in all ...for a 5 star hotel it was disgraceful and I am terrified of the amount I spent for one night in a room with a flying toilet a hard bed that cracks your back and detaches your shoulders and no delivery on promised packages - $405.00??? Minus the $400.00 and then we would have had a deal.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>keentraveller_8
<Content>Wonderful Fab location just off the rocks.arrived to see sun rising over the opera house and bridge...stunning.Arrived at 6.45am, early check in was no problem.Great serviceLovely breakfast on the pier outside.watch out for the seaguls!!  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ollieboard
<Content>Great location, average service The hotel is in a fabulous location, sitting on Sydney Harbour and close to the Rocks and Darling Harbour etc. This proximity to what's good about Sydney to some extent makes up for the Sebel Pier One's shortcomings in service in the areas of the car valet service, housekeeping, and restaurant staff. During our short stay the service in the restaurant was very slow with the staff inattentative and failing to respond to requests for service. In the end we tired of waiting and went to the bar to get our own drinks. Similarly, a request for towels from housekeeping staff was ignored. We were also concerned that the airconditioning controls, radio station and side mirrors of our car - left overnight at the Sebel's parking lot - had been altered by valet staff. We did complain about the car (only) and the Duty Manager advised that he would investigate the matter on our behalf. Because the hotel is literally sitting on the harbour we booked a waterview room. A word of warning to future travellers - the window in the Heritage room we had on level one was so high that you had to be standing directly in front of the window to see the water - very difficult for short people. Only the sky is visible when you walk around the room or sit down in front of the window. Unsure if this is because the pier is listed as a historic building and basic structure of the building cannot be altered. The rooms on level two have full size windows so presumably they would afford a better waterview.We will try a different hotel on the next short break in Sydney.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	2	-1	

<Author>Martin123Sydney
<Content>Sebel Pier One - The Sinking Hotel I recently had the unfortunate experience of staying at the Sebel Pier One (Sydney) on a business trip. Unfortunately, I have very little to add in the way of positive feedback as my experience was nothing short of abysmal.The Sebel appears to have serious defects in its plumbing system. Rooms on the second floor of the hotel were flooded as a result of recent rainfalls. One colleague even had what appeared to be sewerage spilling out from a drain in the bathroom!I was awoken very early one morning to loud screaming. As it turned out, one of the guests had been electrocuted from the hairdryer. I am also aware of other guests (including myself) being electrocuted from the applicances. The hotel rooms were small and oddly shaped. Whilst they were well appointed, the state of the fittings was poor. In one particular case a guest reported that the shelves in her wardrobe had been held together with masking tape and when she opened the cupboard doors all the shelves collapsed!I found that the conference rooms themselves were ill-equipped for business conferences - airconditioning was inconsistent and the accoustics appauling. This seemingly endless series of unfortunate events was promtly brought to the attention of hotel staff who simply chose to ignore the complaints that were made or were at times hostile in their response. . Overall, I walked away from the experience extremely disappointed and would strongly discourage any intending guests to reconsider selecting the Sebel as their choice of accommodation. Sebel Pier One has some serious structural flaws which should be addressed urgently otherwise it will only be a matter of time before someone is seriously injured. In addition, the staff should be more responsive to any complaints that are made rather than choosing to ignore them or view them as comical.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>duchess_bvlgari
<Content>Not quite 5 Star I thought I would surprise my then fiance with a weekend trip to Sydney and chose Pier One for its location. Being right on the water, I thought it would be hard to beat.Staff were friendly and we checked into our Walsh Bay Suite. The room was cute, with great views and the bed was comfortable enough.HOWEVER, at night, the pipes were loud and we knew exactly when the guests in the room above us were bathing or going to toilet and unfortunately we also knew exactly what they were doing in the toilet. On our last morning whilst we had breakfast in our room, I rested my leg on one of the dining chairs and there was a sharp nail lying in the padded upholstery which pierced me. We reported the the matter to reception when we checked and the girl was horrified. Hopefully, the replaced the chair!I would recommend the hotel as somewhere to stay if it weren't for the constant noise coming from the pipes, unfortunately I don't think it's something that can be easily rectified. For those of you looking for a true Five Star Experience, book yourself into the Observatory or Park Hyatt.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>mella2007
<Content>No No No! Was Expecting so much more! I searched for weeks for somewhere special for hubby and I to stay for one night in Sydney (a Sat night).I would never stay here again and am so dissapointed with the property and the service.Check in: Arrived at 7pm from our flight. No concierge waiting to take our luggage.2 very unfriendly people sitting down behind the desk at reception. The man was quite rude in his manner and was not at all welcoming.Given room key...filled out forms and gave CC. Was asked for drivers licence as apparantly a lot of fraud has been happening in Sydney! When i questioned why he wanted my licence he rudely gave me the above answer.Room: We paid for a King Harbour View Room. The window was tiny and i would have had to stand on a chair to get to see out of the window it was that high up.Corridors have seen better days..looked tired and grimy handprints on the steel like doors.Small room for aussie sizes...especially for a King room. Standard sized bathroom and facilities. Bathtub was a little old. Stainless steel sink is exactly like an airline toilet sink as is the toilet (well the sound when you press the button anyway!!)Room had fairly dim lighting. Comfy pillows, though a couple of oldish stains in the sheets and small tears.Flat screen TV with the basic Cable channels as well as pay to view movies.Breakfast: We paid full price for breakfast at $36 each for buffet. Usual selections of food, however no made to order eggs which is poor for the price.Lobby: Hotel lobby was fairly bright and bustling on morning of check out. Better vibe than the previous night.The location is good. 5 mins walk to The Rocks. You can see the people walking on the Bridge from outside the hotel.The water view from the breakfast view is pleasant on a nice day.I wouldnt stay again. The price i paid was for 5 star hotels..and this is barely a 2 star.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	4	2	1	2	1	

<Author>JenM72
<Content>Good location Stayed here for 5 night in Mid July. Location is great, with nice views to Sydney Harbour, and just 5-10 minute walk to Circular Quay area and 20 minute walk to the shopping area. Area is very quiet.Staff were ok, but not overally friendlt, Bathroom large, but old style shower (ie shower in the bath tub). Room large and conformatble, bed ok. They did not change the sheets at all though in the 5 nights I was here.Bathroom ammenitites included shampoo, conditioner, body cream, shower cap etc. In room iron, and good internet connection. Also large flat screen TV in each room.Toilet is very loud when you flush, and some colleagues who stayed on the ground floor said you could hear all the toilets flushing. Also if you have people walking around a lot in the room, your whole room moves! Also not so safe staying on ground floor. There is outdoor access to your room and is not patrolled and anyone from the street can access (and 2 rooms were broken into during my stay).  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	3	3	4	

<Author>Petal57
<Content>We loved it! We were debating whether to stay at this Hotel because of the mixed reviews on Trip Advisor. We were very glad that we did. On arrival, we were upgraded to a King water view room. It was sensational! There was a whole roof to floor wall sized view of Walsh Bay and beyond. The area is less populated and quieter than Circular Quay and you feel that you are right on the water- which you are. The Rocks area is adjacent, which is perfect for exploring and dining in very reasonably priced restaurants.The bed was one of the most comfortable Hotel beds I have slept in, and room service food was better quality than most. The bathroom was modern and well appointed. Overall, we loved it- and will be back.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>MEEEEE_8
<Content>Couldn't wait to get home Stayed here for three nights and it was very disappointing. There were several problems including: the bathroom flooded with sea water (problem with plumbing) and no apology was giving or offer to relocate to another room, rude staff and poor service, the quality of the food was very inconsistent. The room was very average, not very spacious, small window with no view, noisy room (including plane style toilet), the aircon did not work properly and the ceiling leaked when it rained. Overall it was not what I expected from a hotel with a good rating. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone and would actively discourage people who are thinking of staying there.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	2	2	-1	

<Author>JCinAtlanta
<Content>Just OK My husband and I stayed here during our vacation in Sydney. The hotel is beautiful on the interior as well as the exterior. The staff was nice and helpful. The room overlooked the harbour...so it was a great view. The bed was very comfortable and it was pretty quiet in the room at night.The only 2 problems that we encountered were:1) There is a drain in the middle of the bathroom. On our first night, the neighboring room flushed their toilet (yes, I could hear that while I was standing in the bathroom, but I was aware of this already) and when they did, the smell of sewage or some really rotten smell came from that drain. My husband said that the drain might be dry, so he poured some water in it and the smell finally went away. We should have called the front desk about it, I know, but we were exhausted from a flight and just wanted to rest.2) I saw a roach one night in the bathroom. However, I didn't complain because I realized that this hotel sits right on the water and that comes with the territory. But, I just wanted to mention that. Overall, it was a good value of a hotel to be located where it was, which is right under the bridge. We were able to walk to George St and Circular Quay really quickly.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>nerekdart
<Content>Home away from home       Bathroom 133  
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>bprawn
<Content>Third stay and still great This was our third stay at Pier One. We booked a king waterview and the room was huge with beautiful exposed beams. Although there was no balcony, which was a bit of a disappointment, the window took up almost the whole side of the room and meant that it was really light.The bathroom was enormous and although we did suffer a little from flooding showers, the floor was angled to that it drained away pretty quickly. Given it was our third stay we are well used to the toilets which as some reviewers mention are a bit strange at first!The location is great, close enough to the city centre so that nowhere is too far away, and far enough away so it is nice and quiet. We always enjoyed walking back in the evening along the water's edge, listening to the water and watching the bats. You can hear the noises from the bridge on that side of the hotel but I couldn't comment on whether it disturbs a good night's sleep as our room has always been on the other side, overlooking the water.I can understand why some people may have been disturbed by functions - of which there seem to be an inordinate number - but again we were at the other end of the hotel so it wasn't too much of a problem. For us this meant only that a quiet end of evening drink was pretty much out of the question.Room service food is great and a good jet-lag option when you can't face moving or have woken up at an inconvenient time. Bar food also good (pretty much the same menu) and efficiently served, but again needs to be timed right to avoid the function hordes.Unlike some other reviewers we had no issues with the staff who were all perfectly pleasant, although would comment that that concierge doesn't always seem to be around - luckily we know Sydney pretty well but this could be an annoyance to those that don't.  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>Morgan47Perth
<Content>Beautiful Views, Comfortable Room We stayed on the 3rd floor with gave us magnificent views of the Harbour and the Sunset. The bed was comfortable and the two large lounge-chairs were a pleasant surprise.Unfortunately, the bathroom design allowed for water to pour out of the shower cubicle all over the bathroom floor. We needed to roll a towel and pack it against the shower cubicle doors to soak up the water while showering. The problem appears to be that the floor has no run-off angle back to the drain. The hand basin was set too far from the edge of the vanity making it necessary to lean right over to wash/clean teeth. Also the mirror was too far back. with no good lighting for applying makeup. Although the vacuum toilet flush is a water saving initiative in keeping with hotel philiosophy, the very load noise wakes a partner up during the night.Overall, the reservation desk/welcoming staff lacked enthusiasm, whereas the conceirge was very helpful. The female staff member on duty did not provide one smile during our visit. When we asked about computer /internet use she abruptly asked what do you want it for. Another female staff member on the next night was very helpful and showed us the business centre to access our Qantas flight details.As the room was really well appointed and the views great our rating would have been excellent, if not for the bathroom problems and the desk staff abruptness.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	5	2	2	4	

<Author>golfEngland
<Content>Excellent location in the outer Rocks area       Another view!  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>Tatchull
<Content>Wonderful Hotel My other half and I stayed in this hotel for 2 nights when we were in Sydney for a wedding. It is in a wonderful location (under the harbour bridge), and everything about it is of a very high standard. The staff were great, the room was great, the bed was great, I loved it and would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>nbydeley
<Content>Not worth the $ While being on the waterfront was nice, we found this hotel to be awfully expensive and really not worth the $350/night. Much nicer and more modern hotels can be found in Sydney CBD, with better locations for walking in the city in general. We stayed at the Swissotel for the remainder of the time and loved it! We also got charged a huge amount for the breakfast buffet here ($60AUS for 2!) after being told when we checked in that it would be included in our price. It was not and we were charged this amount after checking out, a real rip off! Staff was nice and friendly and the one dinner we had here was outstanding, but that was about it to this place. Also, in the rooms, you couldn't open your window, which would have been nice for waterfront rooms - that's why you get one right? :)  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	4	4	4	4	2	

<Author>Kris_Brazil08
<Content>Great Location This hotel is in a great spot if you're after somewhere in the historic Rocks area.I stayed at the Sebel the night before my wedding and stayed in a Walsh Bay Suite. The suite is a lovely option with a bay window type window that overlooks the bay.The suite has a Kind Bed which can be separated from the rest of the living area (sliding doors). The living area had a double fold-out sofa bed and a massive plasma tv on the wall. The bathroom was very large, with a spa-type bath and a big shower. There were also two sinks (good for brides-maids to get ready). The only bad thing about the hotel was the noise that came from the pipes and the toilet. The first time I flushed the toilet I thought I was going to be sucked away with it! You should have seen the fright my poor 4 year old nephew had when he used it, he cried it scared him so much! And you can hear when surrounding rooms flush their toilets too. Which is not so good if you're a light sleeper. I'd suggest taking ear plugs!Overall, very happy with the hotel. Although, I had requested the room not to be made-up after getting ready for the wedding and had also left the do-not-disturb sign on the door and they cleaned the room anyway, which I wasn't happy about.I'd also recommend not ringing reservations but booking direct on their website - with advance notice you are able to get a better rate on their own website rather than using other on-line/last minute websites - just book in advance and you should be able to get a better rate.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>sarahcWestYorkshire
<Content>Amazing Hotel My partner and I thoroughly enjoyed our short stay at the Sebel Pier. The staff were friendly and helpful and the food was fantastic, the buffet breakfast is a real treat!We had a harbour view room which was large and comfortable. The room was clean however I felt the decor was a little dated.The hotel is perfectly situated for the harbour and the must see tourist attractions. We will definitely be back!  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>jmsenger
<Content>Great location, so-so service We spent a week here over New Year's. The location is great, right on the water and an easy walk to the rest of the Rocks, Opera House, etc. The front desk staff was very friendly and helpful, but the housekeeping was not. We had a big problem with housekeeping hanging a Do Not Disturb tag on our door to avoid having to clean the room several days. It was only after complaining to the manager that they stopped doing this. The concierge was generally pretty helpful for the small things, but when we needed something major - a way to get to the Opera House on NYE without having to walk in our black-tie outfits - he was useless. The idea to call a water taxi came from someone else.The food and drinks were decent, the room was good too, if a little dated.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	5	2	1	

<Author>KKATZ_8
<Content>Loved The Sebel Absolutely loved The Sebel Pier One. Great location and service was excellent! It's a very unique hotel and the lobby and it's glass floor are gorgeous. We stayed in a waterside room which had lovely views of the Harbour.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>GucciSydney
<Content>Wonderful stay My Husband and I have just spent our 10th wedding anniversay at The Sebel Pier One and had a wonderful stay. The hotel is beautiful and service was great. We were truly spoilt and will definitley be back!  
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>zerogeewhiz
<Content>Ordinary but pleasant We were given a night at Pier One as a gift so we probably shouldn't grumble that much....but...This is possibly one of the noisiest hotels I've ever stayed in. The racket from the vacuum toilets is incredible and all night all you could hear was 'whoosh' as people flushed. One hopes one wouldn't be stuck there with a tummy bug running around or it would be one long whoosh.The rooms are of average size and furnished with an odd, over-stuffed armchair in the King Room overlooking Walsh Bay. Being a heritage-listed site, the design is severely compromised, with windows in weird places.Of course, you can't beat the location, especially if you're planning a night to see either a Sydney Theatre Company or Sydney Dance Company production. Although the $25 parking charge is obscene, it's just a cage on the other side of the road, open to the elements and the yoofs that frequent the area.The restaurant is okay, but like most central Sydney restaurants is fabulously over-priced for what you get. We didn't make it in time for the buffet breakfast but by all accounts it is reasonably pleasant.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>IrishguyBelfast
<Content>Horrendous attitude, rooms and service Just very simple advice...avoid. Have stayed at many hotels and this one for a supposed 4 star hotel was severely lacking in any style , service or reception staff with manners.Reception staff were lazy and uninterested in guests and have to be among some of the most unhelpful staff I have ever met in an hotelThe rooms were shoddy and not cleaned well. The bathroom was disgusting. I would avoid staying here at all costs. We moved to the much more central and highly efficent Sydney swissotel which was deserved of its 5 star rating. Do not be disappointed- avoid this hotel . Please.......................  
<Date>Dec 29, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>jacs1261
<Content>Wouldn't rush back We stayed at the Sebel Pier One in Oct 2007 and must say I wouldn't rush back there.Our room size was average but the window ledge was so wide you had to just about crawl up to close the curtains (thank goodness for a husband with long arms). There was no extractor fan in the bathroom so whenever you had a shower the whole room steamed up. The mirror in the bathroom was not cleaned the entire time we were there which was evident by the writing that you could see on it when the mirror steamed up (left by the previous occupants or the ones before them!!!). Every time someone (probably from rooms above us) flushed their toilet you get hear it  everytime we flushed our toilet, the bathroom door would open. The mini fridge had the piece that holds things in place in the door missing so everytime you opened the fridge everything that was in the door fell out. The bed was king size  really firm, but we like a firm bed so that was not a problem for us.On the plus side it was within easy walking distance of Circular Quay  had great views, but then again you don't need to stay in the hotel to get the spectacular views.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	4	2	3	3	2	

<Author>ayshaben
<Content>Lovely hotel Stayed overnight after attending a wedding. Lovely spacious rooms, great service, breakfast buffet was nice.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Lovingagoodholiday
<Content>Disappointed After paying over $400 for a king room overlooking Walsh Bay (NOT including breakfast, parking or late checkout), we were very disappointed to find our room was directly above a function area and we were forced to listen to loud music and guests talking and laughing until after 11.30 pm. We had hoped to have a reasonably early night but it was not to be.The room itself was a good size but mediocre apart from the bathroom which was quite nice with two sinks, spa and plenty of fluffy towels. The bed was comfortable but not worth the money and the Sebel Pier One will not be on our revisit list.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2007
<Rating>3	1	2	2	4	3	3	3	

<Author>HOTELIERShrewsbury
<Content>Disappointed We were on a two month tour (Dubai/NZ/Oz/Malaysia) and have to say for the price paid (the most expensive hotel on our trip inc 5* in Dubai, and Malaysia e.g The Datai), the Sebel Pier One was the most disappointing of the hotels in which we stayed.From the initial room (a harbour view for which a supplement was paid) all we saw was a former metal crane; upgraded to a suite (after a fuss, at no extra cost) with traffic flowing passed one of the windows! The trains we expected, but not a busy main road with less-than-effective double glazing.Breakfast somewhat of a disaster with no real management; ran out of coffee, cold items etc.Charged for internet usage - in this day and age!Despite a Formal Complaint before departure, a month on there has been no feed back from the hotel.Sorry, but we will definitely NOT be returning nor recommending.This by a hotelier of 40 years standing.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	2	3	2	2	1	

<Author>Loquita23
<Content>Lovely hotel       Bathroom  
<Date>Nov 3, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	1	

<Author>briongloid
<Content>Good Location, Nice rooms       Room  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>JaneCoDown
<Content>Nice Hotel, Shame about Some Staff I stayed here for two nights while visiting Sydney, the hotel is lovely and the room was really clean and comfortable. I had a few problems with two members of staff, first of all I had requested a safety deposit box at reception, the manager was called twice in 20 minutes to arrange this for me, after 30 minutes he/she did'nt show up and as we had to be somewhere i cancelled my request. I thought this was bad service as I had some important documents and jewellery to be kept safe, in the end I locked them in my suitcase and hoped for the best. Secondly, I could'nt believe way we were treated at check out, it was rather early 5am, but this is no excuse for bad manners, the man at reception made up our bill and asked us for the money with no please, thank you or have a nice day, I could'nt believe it, I felt like asking him did manners not kick in to 9am, but instead I will write to his Manager, it left a bad taste in our mouth about this hotel and our memories of Sydney. On a posititive note, our waitress on the night we had dinner was lovely and could'ntdo enough for us.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>2	3	4	4	4	3	1	4	

<Author>Warrens_of_Conder
<Content>Not Going back! We stayed at the Hotel on the 6th of October 2007. As it was a special day for us (our 11th Wedding Anniversary) we opted for a Walsh Bay Suite. First impressions of the hotel were good, valet parking was excellent and all the staff that we came into contact with were pleasant, polite and helpful.Then we went to our room.The hotels web site photo gallery of this type of room is no indication of the room.On entering the room the bathroom smelt terrible, a real sewage type smell and unpleasant. There were numerous cracked, broken, dirty and missing tiles, the toilet paper roll holder was hanging off, hair on the floor and the shower dribbled instead of showered and leaked over the bathroom floor when in use making the bathroom floor slippery. The room was supposed to have a day bed, it didnt, the windows were supposed to open fully, they didint (and had broken galss in the window) and the air conditioning was totally ineffective.The furniture had VERY obvious stains on it as did the pillow case on the bed.The room was very noisy and we were even woken at 2am by staff cleaning up after a wedding discussing the 'attributes' of female guests.At $385 + $25 parking + $66 for breakfast this hotel is way below standard.We wont be back!  
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	3	2	-1	

<Author>koala2
<Content>A big disappointment! In desperate need of a major refurbishment, this Hotel is let down badly by its poor Housekeeping  Service standards. My room was on the 1st level overlooking Hickson St.  was dark, dingy  very tired. The room's unique architectural features of heavy timber beams  large steel trusses (from the original conversion from a historic waterfront Warehouse) make for an interesting change, but not when they are covered in 2cms. of thick dust!! The Hotel staff were young  inexperienced, lacking the polish I would have expected from a Hotel of this calibre. They seemed stressed, overworked  unsupervised for the duration of my stay.This should be a fantastic establishment, considering its location  heritage, but the Mirvac Group need to get their act together in a big way  make a commitment to restoring this Hotel to its rightful place as one of Sydney's finest.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	1	2	1	2	

<Author>Commodore
<Content>Good, with a couple of minuses Many plus points distinguish this hotel - nice setting, friendly and cooperative staff, comfortable rooms. It is also pretty quiet, considering how close it is to the centre of town.The only food I tried here was breakfast and that too was good, but rather expensive. If eating outside, however, be on your guard - those seagulls can move fast!  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>Bea8
<Content>Disapointed I was under the impression this was a 5 star hotel on Sydney harbour with amazing views... well ,I was wrong. The room was tiny, with a window the size of a show box - no view at all, in fact it felt like being in a basement. The room was not as clean as you would expect in a 5 star hotel. Scuff marks on the walls ect. However, the breakfast was fantastic. We decided to pay the extra $$ to upgrade to the suite - luckily we took a look first and it was just as awful. This hotel is in dire need of a refurb. Not a bad hotel but dont expect 5 star. I would give it 4 at a push.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>3	2	1	4	1	2	2	-1	

<Author>Katgalmusic
<Content>Unique and lovely Sebel Pier One Sydney Absolutely lovely, immaculate hotel, overlooking the waters of Sydney Harbor.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>ALJones
<Content>Love Sebel Pier One We've stayed here twice (first time on our honeymoon, second on our wedding anniversary) and both times have been excellent. It's great in terms of location and value for money (considering other hotels of the same quality in the vicinity). We had our room upgraded to a room with a view over Walsh bay which was great. The rooms are spacious and of a very high standard and staff very freindly.Location is about 10 mins walk to circular quay, 5 mins to the Rocks area.Worth telling them if it's a special occasion. We got a lovely bottle of champagne (decent stuff!) in our room on our anniversary and also a card from the managment with a comment welcoming us back. Really nice touch.The only frustration was that the bar closed early (around 11ish) and we weren't able to get a drink having returned from dining out. Apart from that I can't fault it.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>annemarienz
<Content>Let down by housekeeping Lovely hotel badly let down by the housekeeping service. When I arrived, the first room I was shown to, on the ground floor, had a broken blind leaving the room open to the boardwalk and people strolling back and forth right outside. The staff very kindly swiftly moved us to another room on the 3rd floor which was spacious with high ceilings and overlooked Walsh Bay. The staff we encountered (room service, front desk, bar staff) were exceptional. The slightly odd and noisy plumbing was slightly irritating but certainly not enough to put us off the hotel. Unfortunately the whole experience was marred by the terrible housekeeping service. Day one (we stayed for 4 nights), the room was cleaned adequately but not to a standard you would expect from a hotel of this level. Day two, I requested a change of sheets (request required in keeping with hotel's green policy) as there was a hole in one of the sheets. When we returned in the evening the bed was made to look like there were clean sheets but discovered the exact same hole in the sheet when I went to bed. Nothing else was cleaned in the room, bin were not emptied, drawers left open, toiletries/glasses/washcloths not refreshed and the towels left on the floor for replacement were still there. Day three the room was not touched at all - unfortunately we returned too late in the evening from our day out to raise it with the front desk. While 1-2 day sheets and towels can't be considered a hardship, it is certainly not what you expect from a 4-5 star hotel. While the hotel itself really was lovely and was nice to stay out of the CBD but still in easy reach of the city, the housekeeping experience has put me off returning to this hotel or any other in the Sebel/Mirvac chain.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>2	4	4	4	1	4	3	4	

<Author>Lantana_UK
<Content>A Sydney treasure on the water I have stayed at this hotel 3 times now in the last 5 years and have never been disappointed. Unless you have pots of money to stay at the Park Hyatt, this is as about as close to Sydney Harbour as it gets! The Pier One is a converted wharf that juts out onto the water.Yes it's tucked away just round the corner just past the Bridge (southside) but if you've had a full days sightseeing it's a calming oasis to head back to away from the main throng at Circular Quay.. you can easily walk round to it from Quay or get the bus to the bottom of George Street and walk to it's door.With it's own pier jetty and board walk you can sit outside and watch the water 'traffic' and have your breakfast, dinner, or drinks.The rooms are pleasingly modern -but not in a 'big chain' way - get one of the King or Queen rooms on ground level as each opens out onto the boardwalk and your own table and chairs . The higher level rooms have no outside access.Definately my favourite hotel in Sydney ! A bit pricey for a full holiday but for a few days or a weekend break it's a treat! Starting at around $250 a night- but it's always worth checking it's website for deals, offers and packages.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Dave Clarke
<Content>Beware the weddings! Great hotel for location but beware the weddings!! This is a great hotel nestled under the Sydney Harbour Bridge in the Rocks area of the City. We stayed for 6 nights from the 20 March and when we arrived were upgrared to a great large room at the end of the hotel building (Room 341) farthest away from the water (but this was also farthest away from the function suites which was great see comment on the number of events and weddings at the hotel below in this review). Large room and bathroom but was in need of a little good housekeeping (a vac around some of the funiture legs would have removed the dust rings (Hotel management if you read this, you check the dust out near the furniture!Great bar but slow staff, very slow in the morning as we waited for 15 minutes for two expresso's! Perhaps we are just used to the speed of life in North America and London? (also we had to return a glass of wine that had some lipstick on the rim and had not been cleaned properly).Check out the number of weddings at the hotel - lots and the guests hog the bar and mean that residents cannot get at the bar or enjoy a nice drink in peace! This spoils it a little as the water front is superb. If you do stop don't bother with break fast, just turn right out of the hotel main door and head in the direction of Darling Harbour, a 10 minute (if not less) walk past the dance School and inward to the water front beside the loft apartments in a great cafe that does superb food and coffee a real find!! mix with the locals is my recommendation.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GeorgiaPlatypus
<Content>The only really good part was the location. The Sebel Pier One is on a pier at The Rocks - an excellent location. However, the room we had was tiny and with uncomfortable modern decor that gives the style a bad name. For instance, the platform bed held a thin mattress that was only marginally less firm than the floor, and there was only a small table and a narrow counter type piece of furniture (which held the TV, telephone, stationery, etc.) on which to place belongings. The lighting was dim and strange (a large light in the floor?). I won't go into details about the cleanliness (lack of) of the room.The stay would have been acceptable had it not been for the bathroom. Here the designers really excelled at unfunctional design. It was huge...but had NO counter space. The sink drain was very slow and we were going to call the front desk. A little later, there was a loud whoosh and gurgle and it drained. This happened every day. The shower (no tub) was one of those that is open to the rest of the space with only a small drain and lip of tile. It was very slippery, so we wore flip-flops (which travelers should probably do routinely anyway). Of course, the water went into other areas of the bath, including the commode fitting into the floor. Rocking toilets make for an interesting experience.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	5	2	3	3	1	

<Author>Puppycatbrisvegas
<Content>Luxury by the Bay This is a luxurious hotel in a great location - just underneath the Harbour Bridge. We could walk to Circular Quay for bus or ferry, up to the Rocks etc. Was lovely being on the harbour and watching the boats go past.Rooms are very spacious with large king size bed. We expected a 5 star hotel to have table service around the bar but this did not and we had to go to the bar for drinks. It is close to a function room and there was a wedding both days we stayed and the bar area was very busy and they ran out of cold glasses - obviously they were not prepared.We had dinner at the restaurant and the service was excellent. 1 meal (out of 4) was cold (a steak) when served but cooked perfectly - all other meals were great. They did not charge us for this meal.Staff were great the whole stay. Don't know if I would stay here again as it would depend on my plans in Sydney and what I wanted to be close to.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>xksb
<Content>Disappointed... I was very disappointed during my stay at Pier One. The hotel was out of the way and not as close to The Quay as they make it out to be. The decor is very dated; balconies non-existent; very noisy. There was no cable, so TV options are limited. Quality of room service also disappointing. This hotel is over-rated and over-priced.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tayl0rs
<Content>perfect location       hotel from ferry  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>MikeBoulder
<Content>Wonderful Oasis from a busy city       Hotel is to the right of the Sydney Bridge  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>kagriff4
<Content>Great Location Stayed at the Sebel Pier One hotel in April 06. Had a superior Water room which overlooked Walsh Bay! Lovely room, very comfortable bed. The bathroom was lovely and large with all that you could wish for. The hotel was very obliging and allowed us to leave our suitcases there while we travelled for a few days and then returned back to the Sebel Pier One. We intend to travel to Sydney again and stay there.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>Tamdy
<Content>Port hole window for 400 bucks We paid for a nice room, we got an ok room (big enough) but with no window. When we booked we were told it would be a view of the harbour faicng Balmain. Sorry we got a port hole window and the staff lied about the other rooms. In the end we had to downgrade to get a view ( no money bacK).We will never go again.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	1	4	3	1	4	

<Author>JSPP
<Content>Good Location Stayed for 5 nites over New Years. Good location. We could walk to the Rocks, Ferries and Darling Harbour. Our room was very clean, faced the bridge with high smaller windows but the lobby had a beautiful view of water as rooms on that side of the building would. We never ate at the resturant (too expensive.} We would stay here again. Staff was very helpful and cheerful.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LightyPar
<Content>Room on the wrong side We stayed at the Sebel Pier One in Sydney for the last night of our holiday in Australia, because we wanted to push the boat out, but we were very disappointed.Although we got a deal by booking through wotif.com, we still paid a fairly chunky amount, however it wasn't worth it.Our room looked out on the main street and Sydney Harbour Bridge. I say 'looked out on', because the window was well above head height and you couldn't exactly gaze out of it.The building is a conversion and there was a lot of evidence of old pipe work and supports in our room (107), which made it gloomy, rather than adding character.Our worst complaint was the constant sound of the air conditioning/air extraction that was impossible to turn off. In fact it sounded like there was a generator of some sort next to our room. It's no exaggeration to say that it ruined our last night in Australia.The final straw was that an extremely simple room service order took over and hour and two attempts to get right.The general level of service was good and we'd have been delighted to get a room overlooking the water. It looks like all the rooms on the harbour side were equally badly converted. AVOID THEM AT ALL COSTS if you stay here.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	4	4	2	4	3	

<Author>CLI71
<Content>Wake up to Sydney Harbour We stayed here our our honeymoon. Arrived after a long trip at 6am and the staff couldn't have been more helpful. While our room wasn't ready we got full use of the facilities of another room. They then hung on to our bags and we went off for a stroll, Out on the hotel terrace we could see the sun coming up with the harbour bridge right above us. Then a couple more steps and to see the spectacular opera house. The area was perfect, right near all the activities. And a few dollars in a taxi brought u to Darling Harbour for some nice restuarants (try Meat  Wine Company  I Thai). Our room overlooked the who bay and was nice and modern with a big bed. While it wasn't the most plush of places it had a lovely seaside, relaxed feel - perfect! It seemed really popular with all the locals for lunch, drinks etc.We had a fantaistic time and we'll definitely be back. Tip: Book directly yourself it is much cheaper than through a travel agent.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	-1	3	

<Author>DrLPN
<Content>Beautiful hotel I stayed for a weekend for a conference. The venue is great - fantastic views obviously, and the room just lovely. The conference faciltiies and service was also excellent. I cant comment on the cost - work paid for it, not me! - but the venue was superb...  
<Date>Oct 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>rusmoke
<Content>Pretty average Stayed two nights -- for a special occasion -- over a weekend. It was expensive, but really did not deliver great value in our opinion. Why this was average? The room was not made on the day it should have. We left the appropriate sign on the door, but to no avail. We did not get our morning newspaper, and the late night room service was straight from the frozen food section of the supermarket. Small things, but for the price we paid, we expected better.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	5	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>Anniepan
<Content>Quality hotel, quiet situation - would stay again Booked the Sebel Pier One for 5 days around Easter 2006 and it was a very easy place to stay. Friendly unobtrusive but helpful staff, clean user-friendly room. We had a King Waterview room which looks down the river past the other piers, not towards the City, but had a few nice sunsets. Kept our car parked at the hotel for A$25 a day and the concierge parking was very efficient. Didn't eat there as there's so much choice around, but had a drink in the small lobby bar with glass floor insert through to water below! A fair walk round from the other side of the bridge to say the Opera House (if you're in high heels!!) and it was a shame the waterfront had roadworks at the time. Being slightly away from Circular Quay did make for restful night's sleep though and all in all we would stay again if price ok.  
<Date>May 11, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>paulosussex
<Content>Not so Great Just stayed at the sebel in a superior water view room for 4 nights. The hotel is in a good location, just a short walk to circular quay and the rocks area/opera house etc. Rooms are ok, not big and the view is mostly of pier two or girders if you're on the third floor. First floor rooms seem to have the best views. The service at this hotel is pretty poor. In 4 days we didn't manage to get the carpet in our room cleaned, cups were left unwashed, no turndown and inconsistant sheet changing. The restaurant and bar area are clamped and there seen to be events and weddings there constantly so guests don't get a look in. The receptionists and concierges are cold and uninterested. They use a vacuum system for the toilets, so the loos suck - they really do! and the place smells. In the very small fitness room both the treadmill and stepper were broken. This place needs fixing. Stayed at the Four Points Sheriton in Darling Harbour for one night and the staff and facilities were a revalation, much better for the same price. The concierges were terrific - thanks George and Frankie - a much better bet than the Sebel  
<Date>Mar 16, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Liz1953
<Content>Harbour Bridge location We recently spent our last four nights of our tour at the Sebel Pier One. It has a great location, with water views of the harbour. There were no less than three weddings held at this stunning wharf setting. The rooms are tastefully decorated in navy blue with dark wood. Bathroom towels were omitted twice, but service was prompt on both requests. The breakfast buffet choices were varied and tempting for all tastes. The inviting bar was centered in the attractive lobby. Staying under the bridge offered a romantic setting and the close proximity to the Rocks area was perfect for sightseeing. We accessed the ferry and bus system to reach outer areas of Sydney (Manley and Bondi beaches). I highly recommend this hotel for a leisure stay in Sydney.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>KullyA
<Content>New Year's Eve in Sydney We stayed here over the New Year for 6 days. It is a fairly good location as you are literally right under the Harbour Bridge in The Rocks, however slightly away from the centre of things. There are some lovely restaurants  bars all around, but you have search for them. It is best to set out for dinner early ie 6-7pm, as most restaurants close their doors at 9-10pm. Reservations are recommended. The area along the other piers is being developed into an up  coming place to be. We arrived on 30th at noon, disappointed to find that our room was not yet ready, so instead took ourselves off to get our barings. When our room was ready, it was a modern room, nicely decorated , with large bathroom  view of the underside of the Harbour Bridge. We only ate breakfast in the hotel, which was good if a little pricey.Circular Quay is about a 10-15min walk (depending which way you go), we went along the Harbour front, past the imposing building of the Hyatt Hotel. It is so lovely to see a fully operational Harbour at work. Circular Quay is a busy ferry port taking people across the Harbour to Manly, on short trips to Bondi or for a leisurely afternoon cruise. We decided to do a reckie for a good view point for the New Year Eve fireworks. A friend had recommended Mrs Macquarie point. We walked through the Botanical Gardens, looking at the amazing examples of trees, flowers  at the huge bats hanging high above our heads  then exited to get to Mrs Macquarie Point. Our vantage point for the fireworks was right opposite the Sydney Opera House with the Harbour Bridge in the background.New Year Eve is such a well organised event in Sydney. We decided we would get to our spot early  take a picnic with us. You can bring you own food but not alcohol, there is food  alcohol available to purchase. We went to the famous department store, David Jones Food Hall to stock up on goodies  then headed to Mrs Macquarie Point. If you ever get to go to Sydney over New Year - the fireworks are a MUST! Absolutely unbelievable! From Sebel Pier, you can watch people taking the heady climb up to Harbour Bridge, it looked like a challenge so we decided to conquer our fears  do it too. The climb  induction lasts about 3.5 hours and the views are breathtaking. I was slightly wary of the whole thing but I can assure anyone with any concerns that it is extremely safe  not one bit scary!Other sights to see are the Aquarium - brilliant, Darling Harbour - lots to do  see  great bar called Bungalow 8 - fab food, Oz Tower - great views, Oz Trek - slightly dated but still fun, Opera House Tour - really interesting, Manly Beach - Lovely beach, great eatery called Rib  Rump (If you love your meat this is the place for you!)We would recommend the Sebel Pier One to anyone looking for a good base location. The hotel itself slightly lacks in character  the service was satisfactory but not exceptional.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A nightmare stay at a nice location I was really looking forward to a two night stay on the waterfront of Darling Harbour at the Sebel Pier One Hotel, after a tiring business trip to Sydney. Alas, I ended up being switched to 4 different rooms over a 2 night stay due to various breakdowns ( air conditionning broke down in the first room, bathroom actually turned into a swamp in the second room due to faulty drainage, the ceiling started leaking at 23:00 in the third room).At the end I was barily unpacking, ready to be wisked out in 5 minutes notice to yet another room...Apart from various other problems such as broken internet cables, dirty windows and firetrap conditions in the first room, I was most disappointed by the total and utter indifference of the staff to all these problems and my ruined stay. This was more infuriating then anything else!  
<Date>Dec 6, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>leeson
<Content>Great location for a cool hotel The Sebel Pier One is located almost directly under the span of the Harbour Bridge. A short walk along Dickson Road, or alternatively up a flight of steps, under the Bridge brings you to George Street  the heart of the Rocks area, with Circular Quay close by. We had a waterview room at the hotel, which don't look out onto the Bridge, but provides a feel that this was once a working Wharf whilst being peaceful  calming. The room facilities were standard but good, full Fox TV service is included (you get Premiership football coverage, for those that might be interested). We must add that the flush facilities (as mentioned in a previous review) are unique, but that the plumbing can be a little noisy - this was our only (minor) complaint. We took breakfast in our room on a couple of occasions - it is possibly not worth the charge unless you get a double portion of everything which we did one morning ! We ate out each night - there is so much variety in the Rocks  for a tourist area, the prices are not at all unreasonable. There is also a lovely little French cafe - try the quiches for lunch or the pastries for breakfast. We never tired of walking round this area, even if just taking in the views. Whilst in Sydney we can recommend taking the Manly Ferry, joining an organised walking tour of the Rocks area and yes the Bridge Climb (it is expensive, but we thought it was definitely worthwhile). Whilst we were there there was a fireworks display in the Harbour on the 5th Nov which really rounded off our stay.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely Fantastic We stayed here for 6 nights during our 3 week honeymoon. The location was superb for exploring Sydney - close to Circular Quay, and you couldnt get closer to the Harbour Bridge if you tried! The staff were very friendly and helpful - especially in the bar during the evening. We were staying in a King Bridge Room - it was lovely and spacious and the double jacuzzi bath was fantastic. We never ate in the Hotel as there were so many great restaurants close by, and we went out for breakfast as it was fairly pricey in the hotel ($23 for continental). Thoroughly recommended.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>victoriacar
<Content>Great hotel, great location We wrapped up our trip in Australia with a few nights at the Sebel Pier One. It is a lovely stylish hotel - modern bar and lobby, nice rooms in dark wood and dark blue/white. The hotel is in a great location - walking distance to the Harbour Bridge, Opera House, Circular Quay, shops, pubs, restaurants...We had excellent service from the hotel. On our last night there, my husband (then boyfriend) proposed to me - the concierge helped him arrange the evening (opera, dinner, drinks, etc).We had room service twice at middle-of-the-night hours - food was good, service was prompt and friendly.The hotel also upgraded us to a water view room, which was nice.The bathroom was great - bright, clean lines, with a really cool toilet with a super flush! It was like the toilet flush on an airplane :)I would stay there again and I would definitely recommend it to other travelers to Sydney.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>JoeAtiyah
<Content>Great location, shame about the food Stayed here for a week in March 05. The room was nice but a little small compared with other Sebels we have stayed in, and lacking in storage space. Water view was good, though maybe not as good as we had expected. Service was erratic - missing items were slow in coming, though some of the staff were very helpful. The worst thing was the meal - slow service and poorly cooked food, not recommended. However, the location is very good, a short walk to the Rocks and Circular quay, but nothing much close by. A short walk will get you a bus right into downtown - Queen Victoria Building - we used this several times and found it most useful. Overall it was a good experience, but I might look elsewhere next time.  
<Date>May 23, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>rschmi1
<Content>Modern, Spacious Hotel Under the Sydney Harbor Bridge The Sebel Pier One Hotel is located almost directly beneath the Sydney Harbor Bridge. It is located in an old, refurbished warehouse and features spacious rooms with modern furnishings, in a blue-and-white motif. Despite its proximity to the bridge, we found it to be quiet and very comfortable. It is a short walk to The Rocks area, Circular Quay, and a very pleasant 15-minute walk to the Sydney Opera House.Staff was friendly and helpful. The best hotel we stayed in during our recent trip (early April, 2005) to Australia.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KyGirl-Faye
<Content>Quality slipping since last stay in 2003       Front shot of hotel  
<Date>Apr 23, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Location, Location, Location Without doubt one of the best hotels we've ever had the good fortune to stay in! The extra 10 it costs to upgrade to a Water View room is worth every penny, although some may be disappointed that this only guarantees a view of Walsh Bay and not the Opera House/Harbour itself.The location is both quirky - directly under the Harbour Bridge and excellent - on the edge of the Rocks district and an easy stroll to Circular Quay and CBD. The room was very well appointed, tasteful and modern, but making features such as beams that harked back to its past use as a warehouse. The bathroom was a good size, there was good wardrobe space and everything was clean and kept well up together by the maids. The mini bar was also very reasonable! Whilst we didn't bother with breakfast (too busy!) it did look like a pretty spectacular buffet spread.The hotel bar was never particularly busy, but it was lovely to sit outside on the water for a nightcap without the hordes of people traipsing past that you get around the Rocks or on the Opera House Concourse. Prices also compared extremely well with such venues.The staff were young and friendly, nothing was too much trouble.I can't recommend this hotel highly enough, and can't wait to go back!!  
<Date>Apr 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good location but some problems Stayed at the Sebel for four nights in March, 2005. The location of this hotel is great, especially for first-time visitors to Sydney -- it's right in the Rocks, so it's within walking distance of many of the major sights. It's also close to the bus terminal at Circular Quay, which gives you easy access to pretty nearly anywhere in the city. Negatives: the room was tiny with no storage space, so we had to live out of our suitcases, which made the room seem even more cramped. Although the room was supposed to have a water view, the window was small, and there was a large metal beam across it that obstructed most of the view anyway. (The room was on the third floor -- the view from the second floor should be better.) And the view itself was really just the warehouse apartments opposite the Sebel, not Walsh Bay as advertised.Service was also problematic. The staff just seemed very inexperienced to me, and there didn't seem to be anyone in charge. For example, our room wasn't ready until 3:30 despite a guaranteed check-in time of 2 PM -- hardly what we needed after a 14-hour flight from LA. The staff explained that the hotel had been really busy the night before and that they were having trouble cleaning the rooms in time, but plainly they just didn't have the experience to handle the situation -- it was chaos.I expect the Park Hyatt round the corner is a lot more expensive, but it would be worth looking into as an alternative to the Sebel.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2005
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>First Class... Its a lovely hotel with the modern touch right on the water's edge with great access to the Harbour and the city......We were lucky enough to stay at the hotel for the New Years Eve celebrations this year and you couldn't be in a better place for views of the bridge and the fireworks. The hotel put on a fantastic gala dinner for the night which was great. The food is very good all day as well as the staff with the personal little touches that you don't get in many big hotels. A very happy holiday maker in deed.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>frogoutofwater
<Content>Good choice for a weekend, but not business I stayed here for a business meeting held on the premises in November. The decor in the rooms is attractive (modern, trendy), the bed was very comfortable (with good linen) and the bathroom was large. I didn't opt for a harbour view (too expensive), and ended up with a window that might be better characterized as a porthole. Staff were friendly but not very pro-active in their service (particularly in terms of services associated with the meeting - eg refreshing coffee urns, cleaning up). One colleague came back to his room late to find that the bathroom had flooded a little (there is a drain in the floor) and the water had seeped out into the living area (there are no carpets in the rooms). While it was nice to be located on the waterfront, it was quite inconvenient for trips into the central business district - close to a 30 minute walk (through the touristy but attractive Rocks area) or a fairly expensive cab ride, which can be slow at rush hour (about $10). The walk might have been more enjoyable, had it not rained almost every single day. Two high-speed internet terminals (for about $5-7 per half hour). The cafe used for breakfast is fairly small, so if a group is staying at the hotel you might have to wait for a table before getting your expensive (but good) buffet breakfast. While there was nothing to really complain about, on my next Sydney visit I'll stay somewhere more central.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stunning Sebel To walk out of any hotel to a view of the Sydney Opera House is impressive, but the Sebel Pier One Hotel added class to the experience. The rooms and general areas were fantastic, the staff were friendly and helpful, and the general atmosphere was welcoming. The glass floor in the lobby area is a traet but the real luxury is the position of the hotel. Whilst doing the bridge climb we really could say we can see our hotel from here! I would recommend a stay in this hotel to anyone, and am aiming to visit again very soon.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MD_MD
<Content>Excellent location, superb hotel   showReview(2758840, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Reasonably Pleased   showReview(2695527, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 11, 2004
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>CANDD1
<Content>Thoroughly enjoyed Pier One   showReview(2614673, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Location   showReview(2449983, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>first class luxury   showReview(1762433, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>New Year Delight   showReview(1613041, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Superb situation   showReview(1499864, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 27, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>moonhead99
<Content>Great Hotel in a great City   showReview(1439493, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 6, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Superb hotel, superb location   showReview(1261237, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sebel- Pier One - Geat hotel and location.   showReview(1257762, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>?#x201d;   showReview(19160181, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 7, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

