<Author>karamac
<Content>Beautiful Resort       Beautiful gardens  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>alan48york
<Content>Safety Warning My wife and I had a wonderful holiday here and left on the 26th of November.The staff are very friendly and helpful, as are the local people, it truly is the land of smiles.We thought the food in the hotel was good, with the exception of the asian restauant which was a bit limited.The bar prices are of course high, but that you would expect.We ate and drank mostly at the Bali Collection which is an easly walk from the hotel, although the taxis are amazingly cheap, or the shuttle bus which runs hourly, or if you smile at the driver he will run you back, especially if you give him a tip.We hired a taxi for the day with drver, Ari, lovley guy very helpful and friendly with good English and local knowledge.We can thoroughly recommend this hotel even at the start fo the wet season we could still lay out in the sun but we only saw the mountains once when the low clouds cleared.But the main reason for this post is a serious warning to potential guests, on the evening of our departure I recieved a severe electrical shock when my hand touched the earth terminal of the socket outlet in the bathroom after I got out the shower, this threw me back and caused all the power to trip out in the room plunging us into total darkness.I reported this to the management who sent a maintneance guy along to test it out and reset the breakers.It was obvious straight away that he did'nt know what he was doing, and when I looked into the distribution board I was horrified at what I saw, 3 circuits into 1 breaker and they had used earth cable (green/yellow) on one.I am currently in discussion with the hotels head office in Spain, who assure me the problem has been rectified, I am not so sure so I urge all guest to exercise extreme caution when in the bathrooms standing on tiled floors or wet bath mats not to touch any electrical outlets or to use any elecrical appliances in there, it became self evident that the wiring in this hotel does not confom the the current wiring regulations, had i been wearing a pacemaker or if I had a weak heart then my wife might be writing this report.I am awaiting a response from them as we speak.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>togo5
<Content>Beautiful gardens  The gardens are mature  beautiful - they attract a number of birds and their morning calls give you the feeling that you're back with nature. Staff greet you whenever they see you  make Bali the land of smiles. The food is generally satisfatory but the fusion cuisine is excellent. Also, beach offers ggod views of the mountain range in the distance.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>BernhardK
<Content>Outstanding Stay This Hotel is magnificent. From the first moment I felt at home, the staff welcome was warm and genuine and some very courteous staff accompanied me to my beaufitul Suite room. The size of the room is very generous and I had my own terrace overlooking beautiful stunning landscaped gardens. One feels in Paradise.The service in the Restaurants is very friendly and attentive catering to your every whim. The breakfast buffet was very extensive providing such a large choice of items that it was difficult to choose.The quality of the food in every Restaurant is award winning. Very innovative cuisine and simply outstanding. I gained 2 kilos during my stay!The meeting arrangements for our group were taken care of with such attention to detail and care, that one could hardly imagine.A truly first class Hotel with excellent service, will be back for more.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>DublinIrishrovers
<Content>Who gives a twin room to a honeymoon couple?? After many hours of trawling the internet for the best honeymoon deal, we decided upon the Hotel Melia Bali.28+ hours travelling later, we arrived into Bali and made our way to the hotel without any difficulty - minus my suitcase but these things happen, it had never left Dublin as far as we can tell, unreal... We arrived at the hotel at approximately 7pm on a Sunday evening, and to be honest, we could have been the king and queen of sheba, the hotel wouldn't have cared less. We were rushed through the check in process (we reiterated that we were on honeymoon, as per our booking) and were given a room key that we assumed was for the type of room that we had booked. The bellman with the one suitcase on board brought us off to our room and upon entry into it, we realised that they had given us a twin room. Who, in the name of fortune, gives a honeymoon couple a twin room (and we were staying there for 2 weeks)? So needless to say, we made it clear to the bellman (who had approximately 10 words of English) that we were not happy with the room. He rang reception and we were told to wait in the room while they resolved the issue. We have never been so unimpressed by a hotel in our lives and we have both stayed in many locations around the world. My husband finally said that we needed to physically return to reception as they weren't bothering to sort the room out by phone and the bellman went off and got us a double room. However, there was absolutely nothing for us for being a honeymoon couple - all the special treats that you read about when booking, they just don't exist! Talk about taking us for a ride for booking with them.The holiday went fine bar the fact that the beach bar (and even the piano bar on occasions) were sold out of the main bottles of spirits on a very regular basis. I am a Pimms drinker and can honestly say that I was able to have a Pimms No 1. cocktail for about 4 days out of the 13 that I was there. Not very impressive....To cap it all off, when we went to get our taxi from the hotel back to the airport, we realised that the hotel charges 45,000 rupiahs more than the airport price - that is, it cost 95,000 rupiahs to get from the airport to the hotel but 140,000 to get from the hotel to the airport. Logic anyone?So there you have it. We were not impressed at all with Hotel Melia Bali - we would never stay there again and would definitely not recommend it to anyone - I would hate for anyone we know to have to go through the unfriendliest check in staff ever. The fact that it was our once in a life honeymoon just makes it all the worst for us.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	1	3	3	

<Author>ROROD
<Content>Fourth time in three years! Recently returned from our fourth holiday in three years at the Melia Bali in Nusa Dua and felt I had to write a review.My partner and I have been holidaying in Bali at least once a year for over 8 years; we used to stay in Sanur but changed to Nusa Dua and the Melia Bali three years ago. We have always enjoyed the facilities and the fantastic gardens at this hotel. This year however, the hotel excelled themselves; we were upgraded to a de-luxe room on the 3rd floor, provided with a de-humidifier (necessary) and a bunch of flowers for my partner. We were also given a card giving us access to all of the Garden Villa facilities (separate breakfast dining room, afternoon tea etc).For anyone who is interested, I had two suits made (and three shirts) in Nusa Dua and I have to say they were of very high quality and value! I used Rezky tailors which are just around the first left turn after you leave the main gates going out of the Nusa Dua hotel complex. The suits worked out at 拢75 each!We also used the same spa we have used on each of our visits the spa Sekar Jagat (google bali massage) - who will pick up and drop off from the hotels and are a fraction of the hotel prices.All in all, we will continue to visit Bali every year and will be happy to stay at the Meli Bali, all the time their standards are so high!  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>donnandlee
<Content>wonderful!       the pool  
<Date>Nov 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Junior9
<Content>Lovely place but be careful about 鈥淭he Restaurant Bill鈥?#x201d;       At Melia Lobby  
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	4	5	2	

<Author>tspossible
<Content>Beautiful place Melia Bali is realy a beautiful place to stay in. Respect!  
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>wingedfeet
<Content>lower standards this was my third visit to the melia bali,we last visited 3 years ago,before we booked we read the latest trip adviser reviews of this hotel and noted the many comments regarding the musty damp smell in the rooms,we found that yes there is on occasion a musty smell but you soon get used to it , it is after all a tropical climate in bali,however we noticed that the management are addressing the problem with a major refurbishment programme,this is after all the oldest hotel on the nusa dua complex 20 years old,however let me say that the standards of the staff has not in any way fallen over the years,they are the people who make the place,the hotel is showing its age in many areas,i.e. the restaurant at the beach for instance the furniture is getting tired and the daily menu specials dont change every day, the fun pub is totally souless,come on melia give it a theme or close it.thats my moans out of the way and regardless of them let me say we had a great time in bali a fabulous place,fab people who really appreciate you being there,heres to the next visit.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tcook01
<Content>Great Hotel for a Honeymoon We stayed at this hotel for 8 nights for our honeymoon...When we arrived at the hotel we had a drink and towel waiting for us after our long flight.We arrived at about 12ish and a room was ready for us straight away.We booked a Duplex suite and its well worth the money.You have sitting area downstairs and the bedroom and bathroom up stairs.The room was cleaned every day.( you also get three bottles of water free every day )The pool and beach area was very clean and tidy.Prices at the hotel for drinks and food was very expensive, the bali collection had a supermarket for stocking up on drinks.The Bali Collection is only a 5 min walk away and has a Few shops.The spa at the hotel is very expensive, we went to the bali collections and they had a spa there and it was half the price.(most of the spa treatments in the hotel and bali collections was price in US$)Overall the hotel was really nice and the staff were very helpful.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>DeeSta
<Content>Not 5 star, but nice! We stayed here for 5 nights on the 2nd leg of our honeymoon in Sept 08. We were in a superior room, which is basically a basic room and we immediately upgraded to a duplex suite as it's worth the extra money to have that much more space when staying there for 5 days. The hotel is nice, but it's not 5 star, it could be cleaner and some of the furniture and fittings are dated - especially the shower!However, the lobby is amazing and the hotel itself is lovely and cool. The pool is great and there are plenty of loungers. the hotel also organises daily activities such as aquaaerobics, cooking demonstrations etc which are well worth taking advantage of. The staff are very friendly and helpful too. We ate in 3 of the 4 restaurants that were open. The beachside one is nice, however don't have the tapas, they're mediocre. The beachside is best for the happy hour 4pm - 6pm! Lovely to watch the evening roll in. the best value and taste by far for us was Lotus restaurant - absolutely gorgeous nasi goreng!Overall, the hotel is nice, probably reasonably good value, however it's not 5star standard compared to UK etc. I'd also recommend getting out and about Nusa Dua for better value eating.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	4	3	3	4	4	

<Author>LuisManuelDaniel
<Content>Great Place! I have been to the hotel for 10 days in July and can only say it is certainly one of the best hotels where I have ever ever, anywhere in the world. A truly 5-star hotel! Excellent service, atonishing surroundings, including a huge tropical garden (it is said to be the biggest hotel garden anywhere in Asia!) and very nice rooms. What some travelers have said here about the smell in the rooms may be true, and you feel it a bit when you first get in. But this is a tropical site, so huminity is something you have to expect. One just gets used to it. The only thing I did not particularly like was the fact tjat some iguanas (sort of small crocodiles, althoug not as harmful, of course) were let free in the gardens, so we could never feel quite relaxed in our private terrace at the ground level. But anyway, this is certainly the closest you can get to perfection in terms of a 5-star hotel. I shall return here in the near future!  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Kymbilli
<Content>Wonderful stay My partner and I stayed at Melia Bali for our summer holiday. The entrance to the lobby area is very grand and if you arrive after dusk you are greated by balinese dances which is a nice. The Reception staff were very helpful and quickly showed us to our room.We stayed in the superior room, which was basic for a 4/5 star hotel but it was clean and had all the facilities needed. (the bed was HUGE)Yes there was a slight smell in the room due to the spray they use to keep the bugs away and there is a problem with in house humidity but we found the aircon sorted this out. Though in my opinion many hotels along the tropics have these kinds of problems.The restaurants are very good and despite being more expensive than the restaurants outside the hotel they were still cheaper than the average restaurant in England. With the exception of breakfast which is lovely, but pricey. The main complaint about the restaurants was that the service was very VERY slow though this is a problem through out bali's hotels and restaurants. Even people at the Hyatt, the Conrad and the laguana had the same issue with slow service.Despite being a large hotel we had no problems getting a sun bed around the pool or on the beach. Even when we didn't go to the pool untill late morning/midday. Neither were there hundreds of kinds, infact we counted 7 over the course of our stay. And all of these children were very well behaved (well done to their parents)The pool area is very pleasant and the beach also. Their are people trying to sell things on the beach though we found that they tended not to hassle you if you just said no or pretented you were asleep. This was unlike other resorts in the world that we have visited where the beach sellers just keep on hassling you.The gardens are stunning. (enough said)Melia bali is the only hotel in nusa dua to have a happy hour.Bali collections is FOUL it is like going to a florida flea market. The restaurants are cheaper than the hotels but its artificial and not the real bali, for 拢3 you can go to Jimbaran for fabulous food and feel like your in bali and for 70p you can go into nusa dua village. Over all we had a wonderful stay at the Melia bali and would recommend it to both our family and friends.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Mikitek
<Content>Wonderfull Honeymoon!!!! We spend here a great time! This was Our best holidays,exactly how it should be on a Honeymoon.Beautiful view from room, luxurious accomodation. We had access to a private pool,private beach . Superb food and very romantic mood in a restaurants.The hotel has 5 restaurants so You never be bored with your meal. Lots of performances every night,You'll be able to see real Bali culture.Lot's of things to do during the day too: every hour new activities and entertainments. Including food carving, dance lessons and many,many others! The Hotel has it's own SPA,Tennis court, you can rent a bike etc.Everybody will find something suitable. The staff is very helpful ,polite , competent and warm,they are just lovely people! Special thanks goes to The Royal Service Crew and Manager Wyn Mudatra. In two weeks of our stay here we experienced a true touch of paradise! Best regards to all of the staff from Melia Bali! We'll definitely come back here. Dorotka  Lukasz from Poland  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>keentraveller_8
<Content>mmmmm........ scarey ride form airport to nusa dua........lots of security checks due to bombing several years ago!Room was musty.Reception staff v helpfulVery big hotel so lots of people around the pool fighting for sunbeds!Too many kids!Got hassled on the beach by sellers.Bali collection is a must.......food too expensive at melia bali. much cheaper at the collectionGot hassled by taxi drivers......big time!Wouldnt go back.........we will stick to the maldives!!  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>donbri
<Content>Paradise We stayed at the Melia Bali Garden Villas for our honeymoon in 2006. After a very long and tiring flight, we arrived to this beautiful hotel.Check in was very fast and efficient and we were shown to villa no. 7(Nakula) . WOW!!! We had our own plunge pool and stunning garden - which is completely secluded. Staying in the villas gives you many perks e.g. own private area on beach, separate breakfast room, choice of bedlinen every night and fresh fruit/ pastries/chocolates left everyday. Inside your private villa area as well as your pool, you get an outdoor eating area, a massage bed, a relax area with a large chess set, 2 very large sunlougers and parasol, secluded shower and a fish pond with Koi carp. Inside you have a kingsize four poster bed, entertainment system with 28 inch tv, stereo system and DVD player and a desk area with your own personalised stationery. Then you have his and hers walk in wardrobes complete with free robes, slippers, sarongs, hats and handbag. Your fridge is stocked with drinks and snacks. Next is the large wet room, big enough for 4 people, next to that is a large sunken bathtub big enough for 2 and then a large sink area with 2 sinks and storage.All restaurants serve fantastic food - we especially liked the Italian and the Chinese. The service was always excellent.We hired a taxi for the day and was taken to traditional villages to look at different art galleries. We then went to Mount Batur - quite breathtaking. We had lunch here overlooking the volcano.Our last trip was to a tailors where we had various items of clothing handmade. Two leather jackets for 拢50.One evening we went to Kuta where you can buy anything from a picture frame to a Versace bag - the shopping is fantastic - plenty of places to eat and drink too.This is by far the best holiday we have ever had and plan to return (hopefully) in the next 3 years (need to save a lot of money - especially if you want a villa).  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Lilly84
<Content>Fantastic Bali We were a party of six which included 1 teenager at 16 1 child at 11 yrs old and 2 scuba divers. Everyone was catered for - a lovely relaxing holiday. We were half board and enjoyed the food at all times. Staff are brilliant what lovely polite people they are very tolerant and very patient. The guests are very multi national and everyone got a long fine, There is no saving sunbeds which was great so dont leave them or your things will be gathered up and taken to reception. We stayed here for 2 weeks and always got a sunbed. We went on a elephant safari, whitewater rafting, and to a monkey forest all worth a visit. We had a guide plus driver for the day, if you can arrange this it is well worth the money very good value. We felt safe at all times and my teenage daughter was at ease with the balinese males(couldnt say the same when we went to Egypt) so she would go again! All in all a very lovely holiday and would recommmend to all. The only downside drinks are quite expensive.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>bureaun
<Content>Very pleasant stay       The Library  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Esteven
<Content>Beautifull hotel, but bad service and damp room       beach  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>4	2	4	4	3	2	2	4	

<Author>Nik1906
<Content>very nice very nice hotel, and very clean!! the staff are extremely friendly. Would highly recommend to other couples and kids. The pool is brilliant with plenty to do for kids and plenty of pool activities.Restaurants are nice too.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>manefi
<Content>Just like heaven We stayed at the melia bali from the 3rd til the 10nth of July. Melia Bali was the only 5 star hotel among the hotels which we were given by our travel agent. We saw photos of the hotel on the internet and we believed that it was worth the extra money we were supposed to pay in order to ensure our stay in this hotel. We must say that, from the moment we arrived til the moment we left from this hotel we felt very pleased with our choice. We stayed in a superior room. It is the cheapest room that you can stay in this hotel, however it felt cozy and comfortable from the moment you get there. It is clean, tastefully decorated and it has everything that you need (tv, mini bar, private terrace in the front with a great view to the garden, large bed, clean sheets). However, the room was dump and there was a definite smell in it. (we found out that the smell was from the pesticides they often use in order to keep the insects away) .A s far as the smell is concerned it didn t bother us that much. Actually, after a while you didn t even notice it.But the humidity in the room was really annoying. The first day, we left many of our clothes out of our suitcase and when we woke up in the morning they were so humid that you couldn t wear them. We tried to leave the air-condition on all night long as we were advised to do, but the room became so cold that it was impossible to stay in there or sleep in it. As we read in one responce of the hotel manager to a traveller s complain about humidity in the rooms, This is Bali' s climate: sunny weather and 80%-90% humidity the whole year, and unfortunately there is nothing we can do with mother nature . So, what we could really do for this problem was only that :whenever we left the room, we tried not to leave any clothes out of our suitcase. As far as breakfast buffet is concerned, there was a great variety of pastries, breads,marmalades, omellettes.It was really good. However we ate once in the beachfront (Spanish) restaurant and, to tell you the truth the food provided there was not so tasty as we expected, plus it was really expensive in comparison to the money you paid to eat in places outside the hotel. The pool was big and clean and sunbeds were available for us almost every day.People working in the hotel were really kind and always tried to do their best to make you feel comfortable and welcoming.The gardens of the hotel are really beautiful. One stroll early in the morning or late in the evening, hearing the waters flawing, beautiful tiny squirrels coming from the trees asking for food or sitting on the beach at night made you feel like being in heaven. One incident annoyed us though, and it occured on the day of our departure. We were told by our travel agent that we should leave our room at 12 noon. One day before our departure, we asked the reception if it was possible to keep the room for a few more hours (3) because our flight was late at night, and our departure from the hotel was arranged for 5:30 in the afternoon. It would be very tiring for us to wander around in the heat from 12 til 5 o clock so we felt that we should check the possibility to keep the room a little bit longer. Reception told us that we could keep the room for a few more hours plus they told us the extra money that we should pay for it. On the day of our departure, when we went at the reception to settle our bill and pay the extra money for our keeping the room for a few more hours, we were told that it was not possible because the hotel at that day was overbooked, they expected many guests and they were very sorry for the inconvenience this fact may cause to us. We were at the hotel almost the whole day, we expected our travel agent in the lobby from 2.30 until 5 o clock and guess what: nobody new arrived. It was really annoying.Finally, our overall experience of this hotel was great and we would recommend it to others.If you want to relax and leave all your troubles behind,well this is the place.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>kipperCardiff
<Content>Marvelous melia       Beach  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Yasmine79
<Content>Never go there if you have a choice... I took my clients to attend a international conference there at Melia bali, Nusa Dua. The hotel looks alright/ average appearntly, just like any other hotels in Nusa Dua. Most of the staff seemed friendly on the first day. The problem was the interior was old, and some parts are way too old. Some reviews mention the rooms were smelly, I wich it was that simple...There was one night I woke up at 3pm by this smelly fume in my room, then I turned the lights on and realised that it was smoky in my room and I started to feel dizzy and could not breathe properly. I called the house keeping and went out to wait on the balcony. The maintainance guy came and checked the room and found that the engine of the A/C was burnt. Imagine, if I didn't wake up by myself, I might have not woken up anymore... Later, I had to switch to another room at 3:30am. Also, one of my clients left some USD notes in his pants which was left in the room. He came back in the evening, found the room had been made and the USD were gone. We talked to the manager and the security guy came to my client's room to go through every single item in his lugguge as a standard procedure of inspection. Later they told us that the staff who made up the room was a senior supervisor who had worked there for more than 10 years, and we were asked to proove that the dollar note did not slip out from the pocket by any chance. On the last day before we checked out, we spoke to the sales manager who were in charge of our group and he said that he was never informed by anyone about those incidences and he was truely sorry, that was the best he could do. We quicky checked out the hotel and went to the airport. My conclustion is that there are 1000's of hotels and resorts in Bali, I probably don't need such deadly expereinces anymore.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	2	1	3	

<Author>GayFinn-69
<Content>Rooms 2* Public areas 4* We travelled in all over south-east Asia and stayed in this hotel for 5 days in mid-July 2008.Overall the experience was not a very good one. To put it shortly the rooms were damp, had a funny smell in them and in one of the rooms we also had a problem with bugs (banana-flies?). To add to this, there is a large squirrel-population in the hotel-area and they (hopefully not rats - even though it felt quite the same) kept on running and playing on our roof during the night.We had chosen (two) suites instead of the basic rooms (as they seemed to be such good value) as me and my partner were travelling with my nephew (12-year-old) and his mother. The living-space is downstairs and the sleeping-room and the bathroom are located upstairs. The surface materials are stone and wood, which makes the space noisy and not very home-like. I suppose it should be easier to keep clean the way it is. The level of cleaning is average.The restaurants are fine, but the breakfast is not too impressive, even though there is plenty of variety available. Fruits were excellent though - as one would expect.All the services are overpriced, restaurants, taxis etc. so i would advice to order the taxis through the travel agency, which is located in the premises (it is a separate company). We paid 450 000 INR (apx 50 USD) for 8-hours driver + guide through the travel agency (and 100 000 INR - 11 USD - for airport transfer) through the travel agency, when the prices through the hotel for e.g. airport transfers were 25 USD. Do pay attention to the bills you sign at the hotel restaurants: we used to have an ice cream every day at the hotel bar. usually the price for four was around 200 000 INR, but one day we were given a bill of 600 000 INR for the same ice creams!!! The food in the restaurants was okay, but as previously mentioned, very pricey. And they were not gourmet-quality by any means. The pool is smallish but fine. The beach (Nusa Dua) is fine but to be honest - not awfully impressive (we were expecting white sand and palm trees - which we never saw).All in all we were disappointed in the resort and next time - if I ever get to Bali again - I definitely will not stay in this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	2	3	2	2	3	

<Author>Andreas08
<Content>Average stay We visited Melia Bali on honeymoon just a week ago. The hotel has beautiful gardens and the public areas are large and well designed. The rooms though is the problematic part of this hotel. They are damp and smelly and seemed quite old although we were assured by our agent that as honeymooners we should get the recently renovated ones.When we complained at the reception about the dampness they turned the air-conditioning on while we where away. This made the room extremely cold everytime we returned. We had to leave the doors open in order to warm up the room which allowed the mosquitos to come in...Breakfast had large quantity and variaty (everything from pastry to chicken and pork) but quality was overall average.The seafront restaurant we tried had awful food while the Sorrento (best and most expensive at about a 1million per couple in this hotel) had just good quality but average taste.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	3	2	3	2	

<Author>juls8
<Content>Melia Bali FAB HOTEL Recently stayed at the Melia Bali for our Silver Wedding Anniversary. The Hotel is absoulutely beautiful, the nicest Ive stayed in. Although a bit worn in places (bathroom and furniture) the overall surroundings and settings more than make up for this. The staff were fabulous, nothing was too much trouble. We did have the musty smell for the first day but never noticed it after that. The only problem I found was not with the hotel but with the Hawkers outside - if you wanted to eat outside the hotel or go to the Bali collection shopping area or just wanted to walk to the supermarket you where constantly hastled by taxi drivers who stop and beep you for a fare and hawkers who wait in goups on the roads outside the hotels wanting to offer you transport. I felt uncomfortable around these people especially late at night. Overall I really enjoyed my stay at the Melia Bali and would recommend it.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Salop83
<Content>Wonderful Honeymoon My new husband and I stayed in the Melia Bali for 8 nights in August for our honeymoon. On arrival at the hotel we were instantly impressed. Our arrival was annouced by a loud gong and there were traditional balinese dancers in the lobby. We paid a little extra for the Duplex Suite and this was well worth it. I would agree with others about the smell in the rooms. There is a definite smell. However, it is not unpleasant and we think it was due to the insect repellant which was sprayed around the hotel every couple of nights. As Honeymooners we were allowed access to the Garden Villas pool which was absoluetly devine. Some days we would have it all to ourselves! The main pool area is not as nice and we were not so keen on the noise generated by the volleyball and aqua-aerobics that took place there everyday. The Spa was lovely. I went for the full body traditional balinese massage which was fantastic. The whole experience of the spa was very serene. The restaurants were nice and not over-priced. I would compare prices to the UK. However, we ventured out of the hotel and into the small town one evening and were amazed at how cheap the food was. The only disappointing aspect to this hotel was the beach. It is by no means a paradise beach. There was certainly no snorkelling to be done. I think you probably have to go elsewhere on the island for that. I should also mention the hotel medical centre as I had cause to require their services due to a severe case of heat stroke. The doctor and nurse that came to see me were absolutely fantastic and spoke very good English. The staff were very friendly and polite. We were amazed at how quiet the hotel was (very little evening entertainment) but this only served to add to the serene and mystical ambience. We loved the candle lit pathways...so romantic!  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Artimis_hk
<Content>Great Hotel I have just finished my 5 days trip and returned from Bali. Melia Bali is a wonderful hotel. It has a large beach, swimming pools, jogging trails and fitness room.The facilities are fine, walking on the beach is relaxing, except some hawkers will walk in the private beach and break the peace.Breakfast buffet is delicious although lacking variations, having breakfast outdoor can hear the birds sing. However, cutleries are not clean enough and the tables quite dirty, better check carefully before you use them.No free Internet access...Exchange rates they offer are quite low, almost the same with those in the airport, you should prepare some before you travel  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	5	2	

<Author>Holiday_Obsessive
<Content>Beautiful Hotel       Our Room  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>MEXAMexico
<Content>Loved the Melia Bali We stayed at the Melia Bali as part of our honeymoon, and we loved this hotel! when we arrived in the afternoon, they received us with bali dancers, the hotel is amazing! is beautiful! green areas enerywhere, gardens, flowers, water, wood, really this place is magical! the staff is very nice, friendly and helpful. The rooms had balcony, were great! every day left on the room flowers and fruits, the pool really is great! the massages in the spa were perfects! the beach is like the pool, the only thing I didn麓t like from the beach is the seaweed.The food is delicious, the lobby is really breathtaking,If you want to spend the most relaxing and great vacations, this is the place!!!  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>fredric_fd
<Content>NOT THE ONE On the last two times I went to Bali, I stayed at Grand Hyatt during my first visit back to Oct/Nov 2007, and the last time I stayed at Gran Melia. If you are confused which hotel you should stay at, I recommend you to avoid this hotel. I'm not saying that this hotel is bad, but I found that the room is quite crampy and the bathroom is not up to a 5 stars hotel standard! I stayed there during my trip with my schoolmates..The lobby is nice, still I prefer Grand Hyatt's because at Grand Hyatt I had this 'free', 'escape' feeling. Then, on the way to your room, especially at night, the hallway is SCARY! It's like there's no one around but you feel like you're being followed. This might sounds a bit ridiculous but it's true. Both Hyatt and Melia are huuugeee resorts, but it's not supposed to give you this 'scary' feeling. I enjoyed walking alone at Grand Hyatt, but at Melia it gets scary.The room is much smaller than Grand Hyatt. I'm comparing the standard rooms. I've heard that the villas at Melia are awesome, but as I've never stayed at the villas, I think the room is rather a big disappointment. The bathroom door is locked traditionally which is supposed to be a nice touch of Balinese feeling, but it got cramped and not well kept, so the wood are showing its age and the bath is not that clean. While at Grand Hyatt, the bathroom is very spacious and luxurious! Sorry if I compare Melia with Hyatt so much, but hopefully my review helps those who found themselves in doubt whether or not to stay at Melia OR other resorts next to. The breakfast was awesome! Not disappointing at all. But if you order foods to be delivered to your room, its a total rip off!! The prices are way too expensive! The foods taste excellent, but the price doesn't go with it! I ordered fried rice for Rp 120,000. I don't expect a cheap fare for foods at hotels, I know the standard. But here, it's way too expensive! and they don't have cashiers at midnight, so you have to have the exact amount of money to pay, or charged when you check-out. The person who delivered my meal was very friendly and willingly help me.The facilities are greaaat though! The garden, pool, private beach, tennis court - these things are the reasons why staying at huge resorts is sooo great! The private beach is clean, and it's romantic to lay down there at night with your couple, or anyone. Hanging out in the pool is nice. There's a live music at the cafe beside the pool at sometimes at night. The welcome drink is a nice touch.One night, me and my roommates forgot to bring the keys, so I asked the reception to give me an extra key. The staff were not that helpful, they were not polite, and the others were just talking to themselves. The security was nice btw, I told him my name to get the extra key, but he rejected it telling me that it's not my room, but then I told him my roommate's name, then he gave me the extra key. In the end,, I'm not coming back here. I prefer Hilton and Grand Hyatt! The hallway is so damn frightening!  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	5	3	4	3	4	

<Author>safircraze
<Content>Affordable wifi, great staff I was booked for four-night stay at Melia by my travel agent because i couldn't get reservation at another Nusa Dua Ayodya hotel where i should've stayed for a conference. Got a deluxe room, 2nd floor in the building III, with nice huge four-poster king size bed, adding a romantic feeling. Amenities complete, and good tv channel choices. The first moment i entered, i could smell how damp the room was, but after the aircon was switched on, it was ok. By the second day, guess you get used to it.Building IV is the one closest to the beach/pool, while building 2 is the closest to the lobby. The hotel has many sunlounges/beds on the beach, so you don't have to rush early a.m. to reserve one, i love it (unlike other hotels in seminyak or nusa dua). Too bad i was there for a conference so only enjoyed laying on the sunlouge for 10 minutes. All food i bought here tasted great, and the staff were one of the most helpful and friendlier i've encountered in Bali. Breakfast has wide choices, beside the usual omellette, nasi goreng, cold breakfast and toast stations, it also has japanese and spanish options (churros yummmeeee), and the fruit selection was very yummy. For work, i bought four-hour wifi internet vouchers for only 121,000 (vs discovery kuta 50,000 an hour) each that you can use intermittenly, say four times one hour each. Or you can buy one block 24-hour one at 180,000 rupiah. The wifi connection is much better and much more reliable than say, in Ayodya hotel (where my conference took place), All in all, for the price i paid, i am very happy i stayed in this hotel.  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>e_athens
<Content>AMAZING! Hotel is located in Nusa Dua, a golden-sand beach. The facilities are just perfect, with traditional balinesse furniture. Rooms are spacious and all of them have garden view. Hotel gardens are absolutely amazing!Hotel staff is very polite, with smiley faces and this really makes your mood!!! Delicious coctails and excellent food is available in all hotel's restaurants and pool bar. Breakfast can cover any taste, since it provides a wide range of food  fruits. SPA services are also excellent!!!! This is the perfect place to be in case you want to relax! You can rent a taxi from Reception in order to make excursions to other Bali areas, like Kuta and Ubud. Bali is definately the island of Gods!!!  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>primavera3
<Content>Great garden       meliabali entrance  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Chiepet
<Content>Relaxing honeymoon and beautiful Nyepi I stayed at this hotel for our honeymoon for 6 days in March, one of which was Nyepi, or the Hindu New Year in Bali. 1. We got upgraded to the garden view room which has a balcony. Bathroom and room was spotless!2. Indonesia is a hot and very humid country and we found the air conditioning in our room was not cool enough eventhough it was at max and we still felt some humidity in the room, but it was not so bad that we eventually got used to it.3. The hotel has amazing grounds, with beautiful landscapes and clean facilities. 4. Breakfast was included in our package and it is worth getting it! It has an amazing variety of food. 5. The beachfront was a little disappointing to my standards, the sand was not so white and the water not very clear, so we spend most of our time in the pool. 6. The hotel offers many activities which can keep one entertained. 7. The staff is definitely very polite and helpful. Nyepi was an interesting day, known as Silence day to celebrate the new year. All traffic stops, cars, planes, machines, no music in the air and minimal electrical light at night. We spend the day in the hotel grounds and nightime was quiet and quite magical. The hotel prepared special dinner and events by the pool. It was overall a great honeymoon!  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Debsnottsuk
<Content>I loved the Melia Bali!!! The Melia Bali is a beautiful hotel set in fantastic surroundings. Nusa dua is very quiet and there isn't alot to do at night other than go out to eat!I read some of the reviews regarding the rooms smelling musty and was prepared for this before i went. Yes the rooms do smell a little musty but I found after being in the room for while you didn't really notice the smell - only really for the first few minutes of re-entering the room. Staff at the hotel were very friendly and helpful there were plenty of sunbeds and parasols - we did go in the rainy season so the hotel was probably not as busy as summer but still there seemed to be plenty of beds.The beach is lovely. Looks man made but they try to keep it free from the seaweed which unfortuntely builds up.There is a lovely promanade along the beach front in front of all of the hotels which streches right to tanjung benoa where there are lots of lovely restaurants.One negative thing that I would say is that the food and drinks in the hotel are very overpriced!!! The food is ok but nothing special which is not what you would expect for the prices you pay! There is a local supermarket so we purchased drinks/water etc from there as they were half the price of the hotel, and used the mini bar in our room to keep them cool!Nusa dua village is only a 5-10 minute walk away and there is a restaurant there called tropical. They do lovely food and the prices are very reasonable. There is the bali collection which is only a 5-10 minute walk from the hotel which also has a good selection of restaurants. Catch a taxi to Jimberyan (Not sure if I have spelt that right) and there are 26 restaurants along the seafront which all specialise in seafood which is absolutely delicious!!! And very reasonably priced! A return taxi there will only cost about 拢10.Overall I thought the melia bali was a lovely hotel and enjoyed every minute of being there and would definitely recommend!!  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>TRV11
<Content>Truly paradise!!!! This was a second trip to the Melia in Nusa Dua. THe first time on a hotel inspection with a group of travel agents, and I chose it for my vacation from that trip. C'mon people, a little musty???? If we had 100% humidity everyday, then things would be a little musty around home too. Turn on the air conditioner as high as you can and let it do it's work on the humidity in the room. THis is a sub-tropical climate, so know what you are getting before you arrive. If you want it like home, then stay there!!! The food was fantastic!!! May have been priced a little higher, but the quality of the food and the preparation that the Melia chefs go to, makes it worth every penny...presenation is half of the meal for Asian Cuisine. My son was treated like a little King, and he was greeted by all the staff and given special seating for the dancing and the activities at the resort, as were all the children, but there were not many while we were there. The resort is immaculate!!! Grounds couldn't be cleaner, the rooms were spotless, and the staff amazing!! Everyone greets the guests and they smile and will do anything for your comfort. The pool area is divine, large, lots of chairs and great big beach towels to dry off there. There were activities listed around the hotel so you could join in whatever you liked. The breakfast buffet that was included was one of the most plentiful I have ever seen, and it was fantastic. It seems to me that every time I read one of these reviews, there are more and more off the wall comments every time, damp rooms in a sub-tropical climate and below average toilet accessories??? This place is absolute paradise in the middle of nowhere, and the people are unmatched anywhere in the world. If I have to tolerate a little discomfort with humidity or soap, I am SOOO willing to do that. This is an excellent resort, and I will definately recommend it to all of my clients.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>C-from-UK
<Content>Melia Bali Lovely hotel right next to the beach and nice gardens. The only problem we had was that the room did get a bit damp. If you turned off or down the AC when you were out it seems to help a little. The hotel food was very pricey for Bali being a 5 star hotel so we ate out every night. There was a great resturant about 15 mins walk along the beach (turn left).Not much to do Nusa Dua espically if your a young couple so we got taxis to Kuta and other places. Taxis are cheap so getting about isn't a problem. We hired a taxi for a day (about 7hrs) to take us up into Ubad to look at monkey temple, painting galleries and woodwork shops which cost us about 拢25.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Eyeluv2Travel
<Content>Good Bet in Nusa Dua       Rooms  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Indriani
<Content>Smelly Rooms... We stayed there for a colleague wedding in Bali. The lobby  surrounding are nice. However, once we walked in to the room soon the problem started. The room was smelly, you can feel the dampness in the air. They put a humidifier in the room when we complained, but still it didn't really help. We moved to other room the next day, still the room was smelly  damp despite the effort to air it during the day. We had a strong complain to the management for the problem, then they move us to another room which's better (but we can still smell a faint smell).Breakfast was not extraordinary, considering the price they charged.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>troodaki
<Content>Fab hotel great location When we stayed at the Melia they were preparing for the conference, but they still made us very welcome,. Rooms still a bit damp but this is getting better.We did not use the spa inside the hotel as very pricey but we did use a local spa who will pick up and drop off as requested and the owner actually teaches Balinese massage , hence all the therapists are experts !!! find them at www.bali-massage .com Sekar Jagat Spa  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>xareu
<Content>Beware of the smell of humidity, the rest is good. We spend 10 days in this hotel for the honey moon.Arrival was fine, the hotel is a bit resorty and of some age, but it looks well looked after and I liked it. Until we walked into a room, it was a punch in the face of the smell of humidity. Even after airing the room, it was impossible. Worse night ever. Therefore we asked to have the room changed, we had to try 3 rooms and eventualy we got upgraded.The upgrade was a larger room, split level, which had just a faint smell. We also asked for two dehumidifiers which we had running 24-7. That helped. But it was a twin, not the best for honeymooners!The rest of the time was great, loads of sun, beach and pool. We had arranged already some guided tours, basically a van, a driver and a guide. Interlacing them, a day at the hotel, a day of tourism another of hotel relaxing.I recomend having a 2h full treatment in the spa when you arrive, it will set you in the perfect mood. We had it on the 3rd day and it was wonderful.The breakfast was really good. We had half board, worth it, the restaurants were all very good. We tried them all. Our favorite was to dine by the beach and have a light lunch of freshly cut fruits.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>workingforaholiday
<Content>Not to its five star rating. I had a lousy experience.       Deserted beach with no water sports in sight  
<Date>Dec 6, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	1	4	1	3	-1	

<Author>Flyawayy
<Content>Perfect Honeymoon! We stayed for our honeymoon at one of their Suites and have to say it was just fantastic! Staff was great, friendly, smiliing with attention to details. Recognized you when they saw you and went out of their way. We loved to have a lazy cocktail at the pool bar or just hang out in some of their beach cabins. Really great!The food was just fantastic, we tried each single restaurant and were amazed by the flavors and service staff.The Managers in the restaurants were all very attentive and made real efforts to talk to the customer. Very appreciated.Overall a hotel which can be recommended for sure!  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>JBrands
<Content>Mass toerism After one week staying at Meridien Nirwana we moved for another week to Melia. As we arrived we were surprised by all the loudly people laying at the pool and the beach. It seemed we arrvived in Spain or Turkey. Really this hotel is not worth a 5 star rating. After one night staying we packed our bags and left the hotel.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SandeepBhawana
<Content>Bali My room was half a kilometer from the reception.Only complaint is the toilet accessories were of very inferiorquality. Maybe the supplier is short changing them or ???????????????Rest everything was cool.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>johal789
<Content>Too good but rooms damp I went for my honeymoon. I was greeted in the most courteous way possible. The room was amazing. I booked a deluxe room and they gave a corner room in block 3. The problem came that the room was damp. I called the people and they put a de humidifier machine which worked but then the air conditioner wsnt working properly at night. They offered me another room or even an upgrade to a suite at a very nominal rate which i refused because the corner room was actually the best room in the hotel with the most spacious balcony. The ac worked the next day but they gave ame a 25% discount on all food. the spa was excellent. The private beach incomparable. A Dream Resort. I would definitely recommend  
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	3	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>bn2001uk
<Content>Loved the Garden Villas My wife and I have just returned from our honeymoon in Bali where we stayed at the Melia Bali. It was fantastic!!!I initially booked a duplex suite via the website and then whilst I was there I upgraded to a Garden Villa for our last 3 days of the stay.Yes the Duplex Suite did have a funny smell to it due to the air conditioning however it doesn't affect you that much...well it din't us.My recommendation is - if they are available - upgrade to a Garden Villa. There are only 10 of them but the service and facilities are second to none. You get a private pool at the villa, your choice of linens and pillows, flower arrnagements in the rooms, an outdoor shower at the vialla, the members only pool which serves canapes and tea at 4pm, a private area of beach and the pool attendants bring you cold water and towels whenever you want them.....absolute bliss!!!All hotels in Nusa Dua are bad value for restauarants but you expect this. Go to the Bali Collection for a real mix of good value restaurants, go to Jimbaran Bay for lovely seafood (quite pricey by Bali standards but eating on the beach is great), go to the Bumbu Bali or Warung Sate restaurants in Tanjong Benoa for authentic Balinese food. We also did a cookery course which was really enjoyable.Use authorised money changers for the best rates - there is one on the Nusa Dua road - they are much better than anywhere else.Go mountain biking or hiking ot see the real Bali - taxis are Ok too but try to use someone recommended to you rather than just any old person who stops and asks you.There are lots of shops selling fake t-shirts, bags, jeans etc but beware of the quality after the first wash.The Balinese people are so lovely and I really look forward to reurning there again.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Vityu
<Content>Best Holiday We have just arrived from Melia Bali yesterday 03. Oct, fromour honey moon! It was great-great-great!We have been in garden rooms, it was enough big with a big balcony! Excellent service-polite staff, and a wonderfull GARDEN!I go back asap!Viktor Egenhoffer-HUNGARY-BUDAPEST  
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>grahamg3
<Content>Just fabulous The Melia Bali must be one of the most beautiful hotels in the world. I would give it 6 stars if I could. Every vista is a wow!. The gardens are amazing and the setting is divine. The hotel is all marble and hardwood and the quality is excellent. The staff are very friendly and helpful. We were there in early September and the climate was perfect; it was hot but not too humid which was a surprise to us as we had expected it to be like Singapore. The hotel is so wonderful that it is hard to drag yourself away for the occasional excursion, but it is worth it to see the lovely countryside up in the hills. We saw terraced paddy fields and also saw coffee beans, pineapples, vanilla pods, pepper corns, cocoa beans, ginger and ginseng growing on our trips out.The Nusa Dua complex comprises about a dozen 5 star hotels and a restaurant and retail complex called Bali Connection. There is a free shuttle bus from the hotels to Bali Connection, where there are about 20 restaurants, most with some sort of live entertainment. The quality of the food is as good as the hotels so you can eat without worrying about getting ill. There are also a number of other restaurants within easy walking distance of the Nusa Dua site, which are quite safe to eat in. Be prepared for the immigration officer at Bali airport to demand a tip before he stamps your passport. This is on top of the entry fee of $25 each and exit fee of 100k Rupea each. Don't arrive with just large notes in your wallet otherwise you will have to hand over one of those. Not everyone suffered this injustice but it initially soured my impression of the country. However, the Melia Bali will ease your troubled mind into a calm and relaxed state in no time at all.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>TravelDIVA3
<Content>Unbelievable! Unbelievable! this was our second return we stayed for 4 weeks. We were treated as royalty! My husband loves the activities, scuba, water polo, archery, there are actitvities every hours, For me: cooking classes, fruit carving classes.The rooms are EXCELLENT! 2 story loft, the service and willingness of the staff. Highly recommend to have your breakfast included it is fabulous, freshly cooked omelettes and other wonderful options, plus inside or outdoor options.This is a wonderful resort, we highly recommend staying here and going out for day trips to Ubud, countyside, I really like the security and the hotel amenitiesThere are many options, walking on the beach, lying on the beach. Find out when the Nusa Dua Festival is being celebrating, we have been there for 2 years, it is a MUST DO in September! Ask and request the hotel re; this event.Enjoy!  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>machosSheffield
<Content>melia to die for mark sheffieldmy freinds and i have just arrived back from melia bali and the only words i can use to express our holiday are fantastic,paridise,and extreamly pampered. we stopped here for 14nights and i can honestly say its one of the best places i have ever stayed, the hotel is spotless you could eat your meals off the toilet floors the gardens are full of exotic plants aqnd flowers and are very well kept the pool is an exellent place to pass the days away and you dont have to move off your sun bed if you dont want to be fed and watered the service is second to none. i had read that the food was expensive in the hotel but i dont know where these people eat back home but for 拢75.00 we had starters,main course (which was t-bone by the way) and drinks all night for six people what do they want?. you can also eat in the local village or at the bali collections which both are five minutes away it is even cheaper here.the beach is brilliant and is swept daily as the tide goes out b y the locals,you can also get some good bargains on the beach from the loacals selling their goods i bought an armarni watch for 拢3.50 how good is that ? but you can also get localgifts like wood carving and shell plates which are beautifully made ..on the down side if you can call it that wacth out when you are signing for drinks and food round the pool and bars this will get charged to your room ,with therer being 6 of us we liked to pay for what we had drank and eaten on that day before we left the pool but did not realise that if you sign the bill it gets put to your room and therefor we had a bill when we checked out but we sorted it and the staff were greatall in all a fantastic place ill be going back  
<Date>Sep 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lesley26
<Content>8 out 10       View of the Gardens  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	4	5	3	

<Author>iloveorlando
<Content>the Melia Bali - heaven on earth!       front of hotel  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jonatey
<Content>Friendly but dampness and porr reception staff let it down.       The pool  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ChinaMin
<Content>Will never find a better resort anywhere in the world!!       Part of the show for the birthday girl  
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Tj169
<Content>Melia bali - Honeymoon Just returned fro a 2 week stay at the melia and we have not a bad word to say about this fantastic hotel or this beauiful island.Nusa dua is located to the south of the island around half an hour from the airport, Nusa dua is also very safe and secure with every vehicle being checked over by security guards as you enter through the gates and again when you enter the hotel grounds, But please do not be worried about walking round in bali as it is all very safe and friendly, There are some fantastic authentic resturants just outside the nusa dua gates or for a good resturant inside the gates there is a shopping center called bali collection which has a free shuttle bus from all the hotels ( just ask at reception)The Hotel is set in a fantastic location right on the beach the rooms are very nice and spacious with a very traditional modern balinese feel which is carried on through the hotel there are also many resturants in the hotel grounds, Styles include japanese medeterainian, tapas and world cusine.Our stay at the melia was truley unforgettable and bali is such a fantastic island.Tj  Sarah  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>baliliving
<Content>Wouldn't stay anywhere else! We have been travelling to Indonesia twice a year since 1998 and always take some time (usually 12 nights) to relax at the Melia.It's not difficult to understand why this hotel gets so many good reviews - magnificent gardens, excellent location and beautiful friendly people. Some of these people are what we'd class as friends ... seeing their families grow, visiting their homes, picnics together etc.Why stay there so often - the hotel goes out of its way with unexpected touches - bathrobes monogrammed with our names, our name on a plaque outside our room, invitations to the general managers cocktail party, special themed dinners all gratis and just a thank you for staying with them.We know people that have been going to the Melia every year since 1988. In fact, when we were last there in June, there were five different couples that we recognised from previous visits.The hotel obviously has a magic that others have found too!!  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>sue1280
<Content>My second home       Bali paddie  
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SF_Export
<Content>Honeymoon in Paradise We stayed at this hotel for 5 nights before heading across the island and it was magnificent! We booked a royal service suite which was a bit pricier than a regular room, but gave us access to a private lounge (with free cocktails), private pool, and a private beach area. However, the regular facilities were fantastic as well. It was ideal for anyone that wants quality time with someone special. That being said, remember that Nusa Dua itself is very secluded and totally separated from the normal daily activity of Bali. If you want to be around the buzz, then you'd be better off staying in Kuta or Seminyak. Nusa Dua is meant for traveler isolation.The service was prompt and friendly. People were available for anything that you might need. The morning buffet is extensive and quite good, but somewhat pricey. Try to get it included in the price of your stay because you won't have any other options for food in the morning, unless you want to drive into another town. Some of the reviewers had remarked about a slight odor in the rooms. I noted this before I booked and did experience this while at the hotel, but that is not the whole story. First, the odor is very slight. It is caused by condensation in the air conditioning units. Second, nearly all hotels with aircon that are near the equator will have this same problem. Overall, this was one of the most pleasant stays I've had in all my travels.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>antic
<Content>Wonderful Honeymoon I have stayed at this beautiful hotel with my wife for 10 days. It was a perfect honeymoon.About the area: Nusa Dua is completely separated and can only be entered through the main gate (you can only leave the area at the other gates by car but can not enter), where there is a 24 hours service with armed guards. They check every single car/van/truck so we felt that the place is really secure + there is another check at the entrance of every hotel. This is also the case at Melia Bali.The hotel was really nice and basically all Melia hotels we visited have been a positive experience. The hotel interior is great. You can really notice that the hotel was built somewhere in the 80s, still the welcome and the huge lobby with the ponds around is really amazing. The interior of our room was also great, we had a nice terrace overlooking the garden: the most amazing part of this complex. You can notice the smell of the AC (possibly damp) however you can live with that and it is not that bad as others have written. Some extras: many retsaurants and a bar within the hotel - they are expensive, but also good ones. Also try the hotel's beach restaurant. Yhi Spa is the hotel's Spa center: it is really fabulous but quite expensive, therefore we only tried once: the center was just refurbished in June 2006 - made on a very high standard. We also tried some other spas in the neighbourhood pretty good ones - still far from Yhi Spa's level (however also cheaper). Finally the beach: unfortunately Bali is not for beach lovers: the hotels's beach is in a quiet bay area, and there are dams which stops big waves, therefore the water is still but you can only enjoy it until tide comes, when it gets so shallow that you can easily walk to the dams (around 250 meters from the shore). Anyway the hotel has a great pool area, so nothing to worry about.  There is a shopping center in the nearby, however it is a bit expensive + there are at least 4-5 good restaurants at the main gate with many shops and exchange offices. Only use the offices of the biglocal brands, cos some private offices/people offering exchange services on the streets try to cheat. Most restaurants offer free pick-up and return to the hotel: it really works. There are some really good seafood restaurants in the Tanjung Benoa area: try some!Hotel staff is very friendly, the breakfast is also nice: you can eat outside next to the garden ponds + there is a great variety of food and drinks. Good advice for romantic people: in the atrium of each wings of the hotel there is a field with sand. You can ask the hotel to put a beautifully drawn message (with Balinese ornaments) to the one you love. Enjoy your stay in Melia Bali in case you decide to visit!!!  
<Date>May 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>filliot
<Content>Lovely place We stayed in this hotel for 3 nights and wish it could be a longer stay. The hotel is fantastic with every corner elaborately arranged. The garden is so beautiful, the staff is so friendly. And there are many activities such as pool gym, dancing everyday. We were pleasantly surprised by everything. If we return Bali one day, we will still choose Melia Bali.  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ninazainal
<Content>Love it all The 4 of us went for a quick 5days 4nights stay at this hotel in their Duplex Suite. It was nice, but the room appeared to be a bit damped and you are advised not to leave your balcony door opened for too long. This will cause the marble floor to condensate and slippery. The view is lovely. Suprised with many tv channels including Star Sports, ESPN, BBC, I think Star Movies if not HBO.The food pricing is a on the high side and I figure they convert US$ to IDR to make up the pricing. Don't worry too much about the hotel food pricing, as there are plenty of outside eateries to choose. We did. Cheap and more options. We love Bali Collections and very impressed with the high level of security check there. Even when we entered the nusa dua security check points. We immediately felt very safe. They are security officers patrolling the beaches as well. We've been to Bali for 6 times before the bombing and my husband's 8th soon after the bombing, it took us good 5 years to re-consider Bali again. When we heard about how the local Balinese suffer for not having tourist, we decided to give it a trial 'return' and chose this lovely hotel. We did not make the wrong choice. It was absolute beautiful, friendly staffs, though a bit slow during check-in due to lack staff at that time, but the room were, at least, ready when we arrived. The Spa is marvellous! I like to Spa Buffet where you could have different treatments as many as you want from 9am till 1pm. Fantastic!We are returning to this perfect resort in July 2007. Yes, that soon. This time grabbing 3 rooms. It's worth it. You'll never regret it even something happened to you. We didn't.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>mtlcatcher
<Content>Wonderful place My partner and I stayed at the Melia this past March. Everything you would expect from a 5 Star resort, except I must point out now that although I've stayed in a good many resorts in my time, I have never received such genuinely warm and gracious service in my life. It was amazing, we were blown away. Perhaps it's just the Bali way. Yes it was humid but ,you are afterall just south of the equator, and if you follow the hotel guidelines and keep your balcony door closed, no problem, very comfortable. Yes it is pricey for the bars and restaurants, but the hotel offered a very good deal for a discount on drinks and meals purchased in the hotel. The best bet to save a bit is to go to the new shopping centre ( the name escapes me), about a 10 minute walk from the hotel, although there is a free shuttle. There's great shopping and about 8 restaurants, quite a variety, and about half the price or less than eating at the hotel. Most of the restaurants allow you to sign the bill to your hotel account. It's true as others have said the breakfast really was not up to 5 star standard but it was really good nevertheless. By all means, take a spa treatment at the Yhi Spa, on the grounds. We had a couples massage, 2 persons, 1 1/2 hours, $90.00 U.S. A great deal and it felt wonderful. The masseusses are really good. All decent and above board. Finally, we will return there one day, only this time it will be a longer stay. It was pure pleasure.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>debs64Stratford
<Content>steer clear unless rich Hotel looks lovely as did the rooms. But it is true about the damp. It stank and the bed was damp most nights. Asked nearly every day to change rooms but was told there were none available! - so lived with it! Bathrooms and house keeping excellent. Prices were exhorbitant - they had you over a barrel as there was nowhere else to buy snacks/drinks during the day (unless you want to walk for 15 mins) . Recommend eat out at night - you can get a taxi but the walk is nice and you dont get too bothered by people trying to get you in the taxi - just say no thanks. The balinese were wonderful people (and genuine). Dont recommend the massage! My partner had parts massaged that shouldnt have been (if you know what I mean) and was in quite a lot of pain. He wouldnt complain as he was too embarrassed. Very weird - maybe they were having a laugh with him?? No pubs/clubs/bars that we could find in Nusa Dua - so whilst a very nice place, not a lot to do in the evening.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	2	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>carlb360
<Content>Another reat Stay In Bali Excellent Hotel freindly staff good food ( drinks can be expensive) stayed for 2 weeks with friends ( their first time in Bali) Booked the Duplex suites - smellt damp Firends changed their rooms ( smellt worse than ours) I think it's because people left the balcony doors open. Rooms comfy, beach massage a lot cheaper than the spa ( but you get what you pay for Left leg got a lot more treatement than the rest of me) Good food ( excellent in the mediterranean restaurant). Bar staff friendly but a bit aloof / shy. Nice walks into the local village for meals etc. Overasll good fun place on the beach  
<Date>Feb 7, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>emabusybusy
<Content>Ideal place for Ideal holiday We returned from our 10-day stay at Melia 3 days ago and we are still under impression. The hotel is fantastic, beautifully arranged and maintained, and the staff is absolutely great and always smiling. Our every wish was immedialtey fulfilled and we got a lot of free stuff as it was our honeymoon. We loved every moment of being there and can higly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>sooticaHerts
<Content>Absolutely beautiful        our suite  
<Date>Jan 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>CplSA
<Content>Great Hotel       the beautiful pool  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>N00
<Content>Weddings @ Melia I got married at Melia Bali in September 2006 and stayed at the hotel for 3 weeks in total. The wedding's at this hotel are out of this world and the wedding co-ordinator Made is the friendliest most helpful lady you will ever meet. Nothing was to much trouble and we got married at the Balinese wedding house on the beach front which was stunning. I would recommend this hotel for anyone wanting to get married in Bali - you just won't believe all the effort that is put in to make your day special. Not like the conveyor belt style weddings in the caribbean. The hotel itself is gorgeous and we stayed in a split level superior room and the garden villa on our wedding night. I just can't praise this hotel enough. If you need any more info just get in touch!  
<Date>Dec 29, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>haniver
<Content>melia bali we stayed at the melia bali for two weeks from the 26th nov to 10th dec what a fantastic place , we has a royal suite room and i could not fault it at all , it was clean and damp free. the hotels gardens are fantastic and the pool is great to, there are plenty of sun beds and it has the sun all day long , the hotel was expensive for food and drinks but if you get a taxi out side the front gates ( not inside as they are also expensive ) and go to the village eigther laguna gargen side where we spent most of our time as its great food and very entertaning staff, or bali bistro side which is also very good as is the tropical very cheap and really clean .its a fab place and i will be returning next year .  
<Date>Dec 12, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Simon Pepper
<Content>5 Star Bali Stayed at the Melia for three weeks, the hotel is in a gated compound shared by 6 or so other hotels of similair standard. As the Melia had a very good deal (two weeks for one) it was the only one anywhere near half full ( no australians returning yet). Resteraunt facilities and bar facilities were excellent although you do pay for it compared to outside the hotel but service and quality were superb. the grounds and and all buildings were immaculate and very atractive. Our room was a perfect size , nice balcony overlooking the gardens, very nice indeed.However! be warned, all of the rooms are under airconditioned by normal standards and therefore damp, ask reception and they will either offer to upgrade you to a suite (also damp but bigger) and all suites are on the top floor or simply ask for a de humidifier for the room which they will supply and empty for you through the day. There are no better rooms I did look, the dampness is not a problem at all providing the balcony door is kept closed and the dehumidifier kept empty.Altogether a very nice typicaly luxuriouse SE Asian resort hotel with good staff and facilities, a nice situation and a beautiful safe calm shallow beach/bay. Lovely walks and suroundings and a thriving resteraunt/shop trade outside the gates to the compound.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	2	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Aspian
<Content>A nice hotel but there is room for improvement 1. Damp - on arrival we were shown to a ground floor room  upon entering; the damp stench took your breath away.! We went back to reception  were immediatley offered a different room which whilst the smell was still there it was much less noticeable  improved with air con. The receptionist dealt with this very well  explained until they have enough 'feedback' the hotel is powerless to get the matter resolved. He actively asked us to write in about it  complete customer satisfaction form. Overall I would say the decor is tired  dated.2. Lovely staff - at all times the balinese staff were very polite  always helpful, we found this throughout our stay in Bali. Also the housekeeping were very good  always very clean.3. Cost of food  wine - the Melia is overcharging for food  drinks especially when you can walk along to other 5* hotels and the same wine or food is cheaper and in a nicer hotel / restaurant.3. Spa - we did the 'Balinese Memories' spa package for 2, this was lovely and the spa is very well set out  reasonable prices. 4. Access to the other hotels - from the Melia you can walk along a beach path to 3 other lovely 5* hotels (The Laguna, The Westin  Nusa Dua beach htl). All have lovely bars  restaurants we had lovely meals at each and the Sands Bar at The Laguna was great with live music each night whilst looking out to sea and enjoying your drinks laying on the gazebo's and lovely staff (say hi to Pandhi).5. Conferences - The Melia has many major conferences  this restricts the pool area  during the day this can include noisy team building on the beach. 6. To see the island book a car with a driver, we did this and it worked very well. Cost $60 per day.7. We went in November for 10 days  it was 90% humidity with temperature mid 90 - 100 degrees every day, occasional shower.Overall Bali is a lovely place to visit  we did really relax  enjoy it. Would revisit Bali but a different hotel.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>AlexanderG
<Content>Value for money I spent 1 week in Melia Bali in March 2006 and have mixed feelings about the trip. Of course, 70 USD per room is a very good price but there are several things to remember:1. The hotel is located in the forest, so you are back to back with nature. The views are amazing, but this results in very wet conditions everywhere. And there is nothing anyone can do about it. Neither the conditioner nor the staff can help. You just have to know that wet clothes will never be dry again; that paper will be also kinda wet. As for me it was no problem, it was like living in a jungle wood.2. The sea in Nusa Dua is very quiet. It is not good for diving etc. It is also a shallow and you should not forget about ebbs and flows. For us it was no problem since we used to swim close to the rocks (150+ metres from the beachline) with big waves.3. Staff is great. They will bring back the moon by your request.4. Food is also nice but of course overpriced as compared to the city.5. Rent-a-car is good, you can explore the island which is very big for several days and pay 25USD per day.6. No LAN in the rooms, however good set of TV channels. Internet is available in the business centre (but expensive like in most of asian underdeveloped countries).To conclude: good and very well priced but not for everyone.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	3	3	4	1	

<Author>dieta_zanda
<Content>Wonderful resort Nice resort, beautiful gardens, and good rooms.Bathroom could be bigger, beds also average size.Staff amazingly friendly and always smiling (the norm for Bali).Delicious breakfast.Hotel pool too shallow to swim.Located at beach, with nice views to be enjoyed from chairs.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Galerie167
<Content>A lovely hotel       Our Room  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Pflege
<Content>Daylight robbery I'll preface my comments here by saying that we had reserved a junior suite for 10 nights. On arrival and, after inspecting the room, we immediately consulted our travel agent and were able to transfer to another much nicer hotel. My review is therefore based on a one night stay. I have also included all of the comments below in a letter to the management of Melia Group.Having read all of the reviews of this hotel on this website, I knew there might be a few problems. The odd thing is, almost all of the complaints in my review and others are actually listed on a notice board in the hotel reception area, with management comments beneath. The hotel management therefore knows about the problems and is either powerless or too greedy to remedy them. Big, old, tired and very smelly basically summarizes the condition of this hotel. Management needs to understand, and potential customers should be aware that, at a room rate of US$200 per night, the following are just unacceptable. 1) Dampness of the rooms (why we checked out): Many reviews comment on this - let me expand. As you walk into the room you are physically assaulted by the humidity. The furniture, bed and walls are soaking and smell like something stored for 20 years in a cellar. Management states that this results from the physical location of the property by the sea. We stayed all over Bali and no other hotel had this problem. Incidently, about 1 hour after we informed the hotel that we intended to check out as the hotel did not meet our expectations, a dehumidifier appeared in our room (we had not mentioned the damp). As an indication of the depth of the problem, I emptied a litre of water per hour from the machine.2) Food prices: The hotel's restaurants charge prices that are enough to make your eyes water. Management's assertion that it has to charge these prices to secure food quality and hygiene is ridiculous. Bali is a major tourist resort with a solid infrastructure and, probably, thriving wholesale market. This is not a remote desert island location where food is flown in periodically. Other hotels do not charge these obscene (鈧?0 for an 8 pizza) prices so neither should the Melia. 3) Evening entertainment: We were invited to the hotel animation which takes place in large windowless underground room. Aside from the fact that there appears to be a differential pricing policy for drinks in the room (鈧? for 250cl of beer, compared to 鈧? in the lobby bar) the entertainment consisted of barely-clad twentysomethings gyrating to Madonna. Hardly the stuff to entertain young children and not really traditional balinese ballet either.4) The Villa Pool: Having booked a delux suite we were entitled to used the private villa pool. Aside from the fact that almost every other guest around the pool spent most of his/her time on a handphone (not really the hotel's fault) here too were problems. You are invited to afternoon tea which is served around the villa pool. This tea consisted of a couple of digestives and some rather sludgy coffee served by a man in a boiler suit who looked like he would have been more at home as a baggage handler at Denpasar airport. The pool was really rather more of a hot bath and was not the place to get a refreshing soak.5) The beach: We arrived at midday and asked whether it would be possible to swim in the sea. Unfortunately, it appears that frequently you can only do this after dark as the tide often goes out during the day.6) Complex in general - there appears to be a huge mismatch between the number of rooms 388 (and therefore anticipated number of guests) and the facilities available to entertain those guests. I can only say that you will not find any privacy in this hotel and it is most certainly not suitable for honeymooners or couples looking for a relaxing break. The other big problem is that it is desperately in need of refurbishment. The hotel is built less in the style of a paradise resort, and more in the style of a soviet union utilitarian housing block.7) Staff friendliness - we found in general that the staff (with some exceptions) at the hotel where the least friendly of any hotel we stayed at during our visit. Furthermore, at reception one member was actually rude to me because I didn't wish to complete a registration form for the Melia Card Points Program.There are some positives about this hotel - it is probably reasonable for children and the gardens are quite attractive (although no better than most other hotels on the island). The problem is that for US$200 a night it is simply very poor value. The hotel seems to be content to rely on customer goodwill. I would ask other reviewers here why they were willing to put up with these problems when they really could have had a nicer hotel in Bali at a similar or lower price. I really cannot stress strongly enough that couples should consider other far nicer resorts such as the Ritz Carlton in Jimbaran, or the Maya Resort and Spa in Ubud which deliver far more value at the same price.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>Matilda7
<Content>Beautiful pool area When initially arriving at the hotel after a very long journey we were received at the hotel reception in not too much of a nice welcoming manner which was unfortunate as we must have looked very tired and weary. Check in was quick and the room was ready. Having read the previous complaints about the damp smell we noticed this immediately; however, we thought that we would probably get used to it so we didn't take any action at that point. Well, the damp smell was one thing, the damage it eventually did over the next few days was another. All our clothes started to feel damp and the bed clothes were also damp. We complained about this and eventually we were offered a suite. It seems that the management of the Melia believe that if they tell you that Bali is a humid country that you will accept this; however, as my husband told them (who is an engineer); the air conditioning system needs a complete overhaul as it is not doing an efficient enough job. The rooms are not cooling down enough and as a result the moisture is not being dealt with. The suite was cooler when we finally moved, but still not cool enough and the humidity was the same with the damp sheets and clothes. When we moved onto another hotel where the AC was much better and promptly informed Melia Bali of this!Apart from the room problem we had a lovely time! The breakfast was excellent and there were huge choices and always space available to sit when we went down. The grounds of the hotel were amazing and the pool area was outstanding and there were sunbeds available for the majority of the time. We didnt eat in the hotel other than breakfast as we wished to go out to dine and we would highly recommend taking a taxi (couple of quid) to the North Gate of Nusa Dua to a restaurant called Mai Mai. We ate there 4 nights out of 6 and it was delicious food, amazing service and fantastic surroundings. We ate mainly indonesian food but there are all kinds for all tastes to dine there again. They would take you back to your hotel when you were ready for no extra charge and you could get them to pick you up free of charge if you wished.We would definitely go back to the Melia if we heard that their AC problems had been sorted.Must mention the Jungle Pub which was our night cap place in the hotel. It was a place where you could listen to good music, have a chat, watch premiership football, play pool and darts and have a dance. Great friendly staff, drinks 2 for 1 after 11pm!!  
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	4	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>Gazpacho
<Content>Nice but too isolated I stayed at this resort with my girlfriend one week in April 06 and we were quite surprised to see that occupancy was barely 50% (probably due to the recent terrorist attacks) but nevertheless on the other hotels nearby it was even lower. I remember entering the Hilton beach area (as there is a walkway along the beach that links all hotels) and seeing absolutely no one. All in all it was a very sad view as Nusa Dua is a totally touristic-focused area and if there is no people around rather than being convenient (which in fact it was) it felt also a bit odd.The good part is that all services, restaurants, taxies, shops, etc were at our convenience without the need to book at all.About the damp feeling that allegedly impregnates all rooms, we stayed in a baseground one, and turning on the air con solves the issue, as the atmosphere gets drier.Rooms are average for this type of resort, although a bit worn and quite dark. The gardens and common areas are really nice and very well preserved, there are flowers dropped everywhere daily. Service was excellent and all employees always had a smile in their face. They spoke many different languages so anyone can feel at home here.The massage and spa area was under renovation but we had some treatments in one of the villas that had been specially appointed for this purpose, which was even better as it is a very private area and you feel being in heaven there, with the small pool.The only negative point was that prices of drinks were a bit too high, especially compared with the local deals that you can find a short walk from the hotel.The Nusa Dua area is on the south of the island in a small peninsula which means that any trip to the rest of the island has to go through Denpasar and the airport area, which adds for a longer drive wherever you want to go.I would not recommend Kuta at all as it is a McDonalds and Hard rock cafe spot infested with booze-eager teens, so anyone willing to meet th real bali should avoid this. On the other hand Ubud is such a melancholic and bohemian place that is really inviting. I only felt such a thing in places like Pipa in the north of Brazil. Those places where you would like to stay for ever and forget about everyhting. Next time I will book a hotel there as it is well worth to trade the beach for staying there.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>NicolaFyfe
<Content>Top Tips for Holidays at Melia Bali We stayed at the Melia Bali as part of our honeymoon. We had previously stayed at Alila Ubud in Ubud which would take some beating. Melia Bali and indeed the rest of the hotels in Nusa Dua are part of a purpose built tourist area. Therefore the hotels are big and quite commercial.However, the resort was beautifully manicured with lovely gardens and ponds. The hotel was probably too big for a really personal service but the staff were always friendly and helpful.We had read some reviews prior to going and were a bit concerned about the damp smell that others had mentioned in rooms, but our room was fine.We had a great holiday at the Melia, the pool is lovely and big, there are loads of activities and the beach at the Melia is fab.However, in order to make the most of your stay I would recommend the following;1. When you book a taxi through the hotel, ask for a public taxi not a hotel taxi as they are cheaper.2. The restaurants in all the hotels are predictably expensive, but if you fancy a stroll outside of the main Nusa Dua gate, there are a number of very good and much cheaper restaurants, my favourite is Balidine which is about 50m outside of the main gate on the right hand side.3. Another top tip is to walk about 40mins along the beach, going right from Melia and you will find the Nusa Dua Grill. It has a beautiful location looking out to sea and the food is great! The staff are lovely and they serve food all day including some amazing breakfasts! If you don't want to walk, they will come and pick you up from the hotel and drop you back when you are finished.4. Make sure you go to Jimbaran beach for seafood on the beach as it is amazing and the location is very romantic. We went to Seastars (I think) twice and really enjoyed it. Although you should sit a couple of rows back to avoid the hawkers selling pearls, etc if you don't want to be bothered.5. Kuta beach is very comnmercialised and a backpacker haven, but its worth a visit to try surfing, rental should cost you about 拢3-拢4 for half a day and its great fun. 6. If you have a craving for Italian food (not very cultured I know!) then go to Maccaroni in Kuta. Its just down from the memorial on one of the main streets. It does a really good deal where you get a pizza or pasta plus a beer for something like 拢4, which is a perfect meal after a tiring day of surfing!  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>BUD123
<Content>Nice hotel but needs a revamp We stayed at the Melia for 9 nights in July as part of our honeymoon and had an enjoyable time. The complex is quite big and you can get a little lost in it at first. The pool area is quite nice and has a bit of a jungle feel to it with all the palm trees etc. There are several restaurants in the complex which are not bad, but they do have very good buffet nights which are better value. The restaurant prices are extremely high, so it is much better for you to go to the 'Bali Collection' shopping centre next door which has nice restaurants for half the price.Reading the other reviews there were loads of comments about the damp. We figured it out!! When we got there we refused to stay in our room as the sheets were damp and the smell was disgusting. So we complained and they moved us to a bigger room where it was not as bad (but was still there). When we went into the room it was very cold and we turned off the aircon....the next day the damp was gone and the room was fine. When the cleaners came in each day they kept putting back on the aircon and we kept turing it back off!So if you have booked to go to this hotel remember to keep the aircon off!!For activites we recommend the 'Waka Land Cruise' which brings you in a landrover into the middle of the island so that you can see the real Bali, and we also went on a 'castaway cruise' with Bali Hai cruises (this was the best day we had on our whole honeymoon!!)  
<Date>Aug 8, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	3	2	3	3	3	

<Author>Benjybobber
<Content>Beautiful Hotel but very damp room! We have recently returned from a 9 night stay in the Melia Bali following 6 nights in Singapore. The grounds of the Hotel are stunning and the staff are very friendly - particularly the entertainment staff who could not do enough for the children. The stay was spoiled by the dampness of the rooms we had - although we complained, nothing was done about the problem. I learnt from other guests that they had insisted on having a de-humidifier in their room which they had to empty three times a day. All of the clothes that we hung in wardrobes and did not use had a white mould on them when we went to pack. A small rucksack placed on a table was also mouldy! The Hotel was also quite pricey to eat in, though a taxi (15,000 rp) will take you to nearby restaurants including the new Bali Collection retail area where you can eat for half the price of the Hotel.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	5	2	5	5	-1	

<Author>MichFran
<Content>Wonderful gardens and very pleasant staff We stayed for 5 nights at the Melia. from July 12th . Our room on the ground floor, as expected after reading reviews in TA , vas a bit smelly and damp. As it wa not very hot we could get away without the air con at times and opened the patio door. We also asked for a good clean (recommended by our travel agent) and indeed the smeel and dampness almost vanished. The gardens are really very nicely maintained and abound with water fixtures and wildlife. A recommendation though: if your hear a loud engine noise before dusk and see a cloud of smoke: run for cover! They spray the place with quite a pungent insect repellent.True, the food is expensive if you conpare with the restaurants outside the Nusa Dua complex. Those are only a short walk out and some of them drive you back after a meal.(the Lotus gardenis a very nice place). We ate in the hotel Lotus restaurant which offer dishes from the whole of South Easr Asia. The food was very tasty and the service great. Buffet breakfast was plentiful but very expensive and they did not have breakffast in the beach cafe anymore probbly because it was too popular.It was quiet when we arrived but fiiled up the day before we left.We never had a problem to get a lounger on the beach but we are early birds. It was odd at times with the people selling stuff on the beach but if you keep your eyes in a book or out of contact , they leave you pretty much alone and in any case they were not that persistant. The spanish guests of the Melia (spanish owned hotel) were good customers buying all sort of stuff and it was quite funny to listen to the negociations. Service was very good all over the resort. It is easy to escape the hotel: by the promenade along the beach so you can spy on other hotels on one side, the other side leads to a small peninsula with a shrine and to the public beach; or to the village (cheaper shops for souvenirs than the Galleria or Bali Collection which is quite deserted of customers and full of closed chops) and restaurants.Overall the Melia Bali is very nice, big but with lots of space, tastefully decorated throughout and immaculate.Nusa Dua feels a bit unnatural with beautiful avenues and big resorts. This is not Bali as it could be anywhere else in the world. For that balinese feeling go to Ubud.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautifull Hotel Fantastic stay! My wife and I stayed at the Melia in June this year for a long awiated honeymoon for 2 weeks. The Hotel was fantastic and nothing was too much trouble for the staff to deal with. The Hotel is surrounded by lush gardens and large ponds. The pool was fantastic with too bars to choose from. The beach is situated right next to the hotel and you can look across the beach and sea from the bar, it looks impressive. I have never experienced a hotel quite like this and was not dissapointed by our choice to go there! Some people have complained about the damp smell in the rooms so I will just like to put my view over of this. Bali is a tropical island and is very humid, the slight damp smell in the rooms comes from the air conditioning supply but is hardly noticable once you have been in the room a few minutes. Dont forget this is a humid tropical place and this will happen. My wife and I did not even notice a problem and found the room to be fantastic. All in all we found the hotel to be fantastic and there is lots to do there including the Spa.The hotel resturants and bars are a little expensive but do what we did and have a couple of cocktails in the evening before going out to the resturants scattered around Nusa Dua. We ate out with drinks for about 拢30 a night and we had some amazing meals. All the resturants around the area will pick you up and take you home free of charge as well which was a nice touch. We are coming back next year in June as we loved this place so much. The people are lovely and so friendly and you WILL fall in love with the Melia.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not For Us NUSA DUA - We stayed at the Melia for the first 6 nights of an 18 night holiday on our 1st visit to Bali. We knew it was the quieter, more relaxed part of the Island, but had no idea that everything literally shut at 10pm. We wanted to chill down from the long flight and relax into the holiday but we had no idea that we would be going to bed before 11pm because there simply wasn't anything to do (unless you got a taxi into Legian or Kuta).Nusa Dua is definitely resort/hotel based with not much else outside the 'hotel zone' to keep you occupied. If you do venture outside the hotel (which we did most often) you are limited to basically one road, on which there are a limited number of restaurants but from what we could see - no bars.Being a young couple we enjoy good bars and restaurants and if this also your thing - we don't suggest Nusa Dua.MELIA - The Melia is a lush hotel, with an impressive pool area, lobby and reception, however for me it was an 'International' hotel in Bali. If you took out the staff I'm not convinced that you could guess what country you were in. Its a 5 star hotel, with international 5 star prices, you don't get any discounts for being in Bali. Breakfast was 155,000IDR for a continental breakfast, 2 eggs, breads, fruit etc etc but with tax and service added on at 21% you ended up paying 190,000IDR (aprox) per person for breakfast, which at the exchange rate we got 15,000 to 拢1 was aprox 拢12.60 per person.The food was dull and we only eat at the hotel a few times before venturing out. The food outside the hotel was of a much better quality. Try Tropical, or there is a nice restaurant in the Bali Collection, which is in the shopping complex, just opposite MS, can't remember the name but try the Mahi Mahi in Banana leaf, it was to die for.Most restaurants outside the hotel will pick you up from your hotel and drop you off again. The spa was under renovation - so no pampering there.The rooms were damp, everyone on here has noted it and yes its very true. We stayed at two other hotels in Bali and neither had this problem. Drinks - 172,000IDR for 2 JD and cokes 拢11.40ish - including tax and service - cocktails 60,000IDP each 拢4 each.Gym - well equipped and the activities were well laid on.Guests pretty much kept themselves to themselves.There is the Jungle Bar, which is the late night hotel bar with music, but pretty sad really, no one was ever in there.All in all, not for us. Its personal preference as to where you want to stay in Bali, we spent the second and third leg of our stay in Seminyak and Legian which I would recommend, they are far enough away from the centre but only a short taxi ride away. You get to see the real Bali here.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>monlous
<Content>Dream honeymoon at Melia Bali Villas (villa review) My husband and I stayed in one of the private thatched villas (Laksamana Villa No.3) at Melia Bali for our honeymoon in May. I can honestly say that it is the best place we have ever stayed in! As soon as we were showed into the villa we knew that our honeymoon really was going to be a dream come true.As you enter through your own private front door, you walk onto decking which takes you over your very own huge koi carp pond which my husband loved. The decking then leads you into your private garden which was spacious, with two huge sunbeds, umbrella, a lovely sheltered outdoor dining area and two further sheltered areas for lounging. The private swimming pool was bigger than we thought it would be and the lush garden was immaculate, we were very impressed! Inside the villa was just as impressive, a huge four-poster bed, marble flooring, teak wood furniture, writing desk, TV, CD stereo, DVD player, dressing area, full sized fridge and a truly luxurious bathroom with his and hers sinks, huge sunken bath and seperate wet room. There is also a traditional style outdoor shower which can be accessed from either the bathroom or the garden. Every evening you completed your requests form to decide which bed linen, fruit, pastries and flower arrangements you wanted the next day, the service here has to be seen to be believed! As a honeymoon couple, on arrival we were presented with a celebration cake which was delicious, a bottle of wine, a huge fruit platter, a beautiful flower petal arrangement on the bed and a flower bath which was heavenly! As a villa resident you have access to various other extras including another large private swimming pool for villa guests only which is just set back from the beach, your own private area on the beach, seperate private breakfast area, free tea, coffee  pastries at 4pm by the villa pool and free soft drinks, beer  wine in the Royal Service lounge.The Melia Bali really is a fantastic resort and the gardens are beautiful. There is a good choice of restaurants including a lovely beach restaurant which was perfect for lunches. Food  drink at the hotel is on the pricey side but that's what you would expect from a 5* hotel so you can't complain, the cocktails are a must! I would also recommend opting for the credit facility, there are various options available. We initially went for the lowest (pay $75 and get $100) but that soon disappeared so we then went for one of the higher options, think it was pay$150 for $200, well worth it though. The spa is currently being refurbished and has temporarily been located to the presidential villa. We booked the special 'Day of Leisure' package which was a whole day of top to toe pampering including massage, body scrub, reflexology, facial, indian head message and lunch was also included, this was definitely a highlight for me!A 10 minute walk from the hotel takes you to the 'Bali Collection' which is an outdoor food and shopping centre with a variety of different restaurants to choose from. Our top 5 recommendations for Bali sightseeing etc would be:1) Elephant Safari at Taro - book with Bali adventure Tours2) Traditional Balinese cooking school run by Bumbu Bali Restaurant3) Uluwatu temple - go in the evening for the sunset and Kecak dance, watch out for the monkeys!4) Seafood dinner at Jimbaran Bay5) Shopping at Ubud  KutaBali really is a beautiful place and the people are so friendly and welcoming, we would definitely go back!  
<Date>Jun 6, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>meo
<Content>A relaxed stay Just returned from a 4 night stay at the Melia Bali Villas and overall it was a pleasant experience. We were celebrating a special anniversary and in our room was a cake and flowers wishing us a happy anniversary. For the fitness minded, just a note that the fitness center was superior, it just reopened in Jan 06 after an extensive renovation, so all equipment is new and of great quality. I was there every morning 鈽?Didn鈥檛 go to the spa, but I know they are currently building a brand new facility which looks quite nice. We found many more affordable spas just a short drive away which were equally if not nicer than the hotel spa. Gardens were beautiful and very well maintained; hotel occupancy was about 65 to 75% so they are definitely picking up.There was traditional Balinese music nightly in the lobby, a free welcome drink at the bar, and have a credit special used for food/drink鈥ou put 75.00 down and they give you 100.00 in credit. Breakfast buffet had a great selection, the pool was big, fun and active, the beach restaurant (although costly) was nice for lunch and people watching. Just a 10-15 min walk brings you too more affordable eateries in the Nusa Dua shopping area鈥ot a great place to shop, as prices are double to triple than in other areas, but o.k. to dine.  I do have to agree with most of the previous posts about the damp musty smell of the rooms, so all those who are extra sensitive to smells this may not be the place for you. The musty smell from our initial room was just too strong, so after looking/smelling 3 other rooms we found one that was acceptable (deluxe suite on 4th floor). The staff and management were very accommodating and friendly regarding our request and move. Since we didn鈥檛 spend a lot of time in our room it was fine. That was the only downside as everything else was splendid. Enjoy  
<Date>May 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	2	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>lovely hotel let down by damp last part of a three part holiday we arrived at the melia bali to a spectacular lobby we arrived around 11.00 pm and were allocated a room when entering the room there was a strong smell of damp and the bed sheets were wet we complained to the management who over the next day moved us to three other rooms unfortunatly this smell and dampness was in all the rooms they put this down to climate but personally speaking i think it is the air con. All besides this the hotel was pleasant the pool area lovely and the spa was lovely the daily activities were also varied and enjoyable we didnt eat at the hotel as a bit pricey but all in all an average hotel from speaking to severall aussies that had been to nusa dua before the sheriton next door comes highly reccomended.If honeymooning or wanting a good meal there are 3 Exeptional restaraunts in Semiyat these are Warisan, Ku da ta and Trattoria they are very high end restaraunts at reasonable prices but will need to be booked and are dressy.  
<Date>May 19, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a disappointment I stayed at the Melia Nusa Dua about five years ago and decided to take my sister this year. We booked two rooms. What a disappointment.We were treated badly from the moment we got there. Staff insiting that the hotel was full and that they could only put us in rooms with tiny single beds. This was not the case and after much discussion with the front desk finally shown to rooms with the King beds we had paid for. Sadly it went down hill from here. Problems with leaking toilets and blocked baths, the TV satellite was down more than it was up and the prices of the at the various resturants food were outrageous. The rooms were very tired and in need of a good renovationI feel really sorry for anyone booking a romantic honeymoon here. The Spa was under reconstruction so massage was delegated to a guest room. At $US50 you are much better to walk next door to the Sheraton and have a fabulous massage (I recommend the one with the hot rocks!) for $US38. This also gives you use of their water retreat with hot tub and sauna.Beware of the Melia pool volley ball which gets underway each afternoon about 2pm, There is only one pool for regular guests. there is a second pool for those staying in the villas - but each villa has its own pool - so while this pool is empty you will be removed pronto if you attempt to swim in it - away from the maddness of the main pool.When we went next door for massage - we almost cried at the beautiful paradise pool at the Sheraton. After the first few days we never ate in the hotel restaurants because they were too expensive. Go and explore the other five star hotels at Nusa Dua. I can recommend - the Hilton for Japanses - fantastic and very reasonable. The Conrad - Spice - So good we went there twice!The motto for the Melia is everything is possible My response it ...But nothing much happens the way you want.If you have never been anywhere else in Bali you may find this a good hotel. But for those who are used to luxury and service good luck finding it here.  
<Date>May 7, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Hotel       Beach Restaurant  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>yapnelann
<Content>it was a good trip       view at our balcony from the hotel room  
<Date>Mar 11, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NellPrz
<Content>Lovely Hotel Excellent hotel. Very friendly staff. Lovely grounds and beach. My only complaint was the pervasive damp. The room smelt damp and the bed felt damp. We were told this was the humidity but we stayed in Thailand in the wet season and didn't have this problem. Nusa Dua is a purpose built tourist resort so you don't see much of the 'real' Bali unless you make an effort. The food is not too expensive but the drinks are. The hotel says this is to pay for extra hygiene measures!!  
<Date>Mar 1, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The most beautiful hotel we have ever stayed in We have just spent the most wonderful nine nights at the Melia Bali.The staff were so friendly,nobody walks past without saying hello,not at all false (like i read in one review) just genuinely grateful that you have come to their lovely country after the recent bombings.For anyone concerned security has been really tightened there.The food in the hotel was fantastic, it was more expensive than eating outside which we did do a few times but you got what you paid for and they do offer 25% extra free food and drink credit if you buy up front.The beach, which i read some criticism about(i think it was the same review) does get a lot of seaweed on it.This isn't a problem though,the hotel has beach boys who spend all day raking and burying it to keep the beach looking lovely for guests with nothing better to complain about.The sea although not as blue as the Carribean is by far the warmest i have ever been in.Our first four nights were in a duplex suite which we were more than happy with but we took advantage of the special offer and moved to a garden villa.If you get the chance and you can afford to do it it is worth every penny.You get a lot of extra touches and your villa garden is something else.Which ever room you stop in though you are guarenteed the best service in the most beautiful hotel we have ever stayed in.While we were there nobody we spoke to could fault it and in our opinion anyone who can should stop at home in future.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Essex_mike
<Content>The Best Holiday You Will Have We stayed as a family of 4 in two deluxe rooms at the Melia Bali from the 12th to the 26th July 2005.Rooms: Very good if a little small but then again you spend so little time in the room. I wouldn't bother upgrading the rooms at all. Most people who had upgraded to a junior suite and even the villas said they wished they hadnt bothered. Although these upgrades are very very nice people hardly spent any time at all in their rooms so the extra expense just wasn't worth it. All rooms are cleaned and tidied daily and have an excellent if little expensive mini bar. Air con was a bit tempremental and if you had it on too cold did cause the bedding to feel damp. Once you get to grips with the controls and settings then this isnt a problem.Staff: Absolutely fantastic. Everyone was so friendly, polite and helpful. It is a real privelege for a Balinese man or woman to be offered a job at one of the 5 star hotels in Nusa Dua and therefore the hotels really do pick the best of the bunch. Our favourite waiter was Dewa (prnounced Day Wa) who at the time was working in the beach bar or restaurant. He was so friendly and attentive.Hotel Reception/Lobby: Absolutely magnificent with a really classy feel about it and a beautiful piano bar. The cocktails in the bar are fabulous.Restaurants: We were room only and therefore breakfast wasnt included. If you have breakfast in the restaurant in the main building this will set you back 15 US$ per person per day. A tip is to avoid this and take breakfast at the beach restaurant where you can have breads an omelette orange juice and coffee for jst 6 US$ per person per day. If 2 people want to share breakfast with say 1 person having the breads and pastries and another having the omelette then this is not a problem. The beach restaurant was our favourite and you can eat there quite reasonably. Something like a mixed Sattay or a Nasi Goreng or even something basic like a pizza or burger (big) will cost around 7 - 8 US$. Drink prices aren't bad with a beer costing around 4 US$ and a glass of house wine (Australian) around 5 US$. All meals and drinks are charged to your room and you settle up at the end of your stay. If you put some money on your account at the start of your stay you will gain 25% discount. For instance ask them to charge your credit card 300 US$ and they will credit your room with 400 US$. We spent 2 weeks there and our total bill for food,drinks and other hotel services came to around 1200 US$ for 4 of us. We did however eat out regularly in the evenings at the local restaurants in the village. Our favourites were 2 restaurants called Kampung Bali and another I cant remember where a family of 4 can have a main course each, a dessert each and several drinks each for 拢 20 - 拢 30 UK sterling (40 - 60USS) that is total not per person. Invaribly our bill came in at around 拢 17 - 拢 20 for the 4 of us. You have nothing to worry about either. The food outside of the hotel is superb and the restaurants very clean. We were worried about catchin Bali Belly but this never happened. Dont be afraid to venture out you will be fine.Bars: Beach bar, pool bar and piano bar are superb. All offer good drinks and snacks. There is another late bar called the Jungle Bar which to be honest is a bit sad. Its very noisy and not very popular. It has a bit of a night club feel about it and is certainly the place to over indulge. The bar is quite big but only attracts 10 - 20 guests per night although this is a good place to get to meet new friends and the noise does not travel through the hotel. Most of the bars offer a happy hour at various stages in the day where you get 2 drinks for the price of 1.Overall: The best hotel I have ever stayed at. This holiday got me hooked on Scuba diving and since returning to the UK I have now qualified as an Advanced Open Water Diver. Give it a go in Bali and they will look after you really well. Also hire a private driver for a couple of days to explore Bali. This will set you back about 30 US$ although I gave them more like 50 US$ as I just couldnt see them earn 30 US$ for a days work. Dont bother with the Elephant Safari as this is very expensive for what it is and although a conservation project I was appalled to see them put on an elephant show at the end of the day with the elephants performing tricks. Definitely go White Water Rafting. This is a fantastic excurssion which takes you on a 2 hour white water rafting journey through the most spectacular jungle and water falls. It is a bit tiring and gets quite fast at times but it is very safe and exciting. You will love it. Also try the water sports that the Balinese people try to sell you on the beach. 4 of us spent 5 hours doing various water sports including Parasailing, bannana boat, donut rings for 60US$ and they brought us back to our beach on the back of Jet Ski Bikes for no exra charge.This is a magnificient country, Hotel and the people are the worlds best. We would go again but split up the journey with a couple of nights each way in either singapore or kuala lumpa as the flight is a killer 18 hours and journey from door to door can take up to 26 hours.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Melia Bali is Magical Our family stayed at the Melia in Bali in early October 2005. We arrived just hours before the last round of bombings so consequently we spent more time in the hotel complex than we would have otherwise. Overall we were extremely impressed with the hotel and have never experienced such impeccable service, friendliness and fabulous surroundings before. It really is a special place and everyone is keen to return soon. The arrival gong is the beginning of an unfogettable stay and all the activities offered meant there was never a dull moment.In particular the entertainment manager Aris was really great.Having read the other reviews on this site before we went we were wondering about the damp smell in the rooms mentioned and I have to say that the first room we went to did have this feature - although not everyone in the family noticed it. It seemed after a day or so though to be barely noticeable and when we upgraded to a family suite for entirely different reasons there was no such smell at all.Definitely the price of food and drink at the hotel was a lot more expensive than outside of the hotel but if you take advantage of the 25% discount offered for prepayment it is not so bad. We were just grateful that there was such a variety of restaurants particularly when we had been advised by the Australian Consultate, straight after the bombings, to remain in the hotel. The security surrounding the hotel was excellent and we felt perfectly safe there.We eventually felt safe enough to venture out to the monkey temple and elephant safari park both of which were great and worthwhile and the shopping in Nusa Dua and surrounding districts was fun.I would definitely recommend this hotel to everyone and I am sure we will one day return.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>laneycakes
<Content>Great Place to Stay Stayed at the meila bali for 2 weeks from november 2nd 2005. Its a great hotel - lovely complex with a fab pool, and close enough to the main gate to explore the shops and few restaurants of nusa dua without melting completely! Nicely spacious rooms (we were in the standard/superior rooms on the ground floor) and lovely staff. The pool was great if a little shallow! and the activities were good too.Only critiscms would be the cost of food and drink at the hotel - it was at least double what we were paying just outside the complex (Bali Bistro was our favourite - fabulous food and drink and great service - best chicken Satay!). We ended up going to the tragia supermarket and buying beers for teh room (only 9000 rupiah as opposed to 30,000++ in the hotel bars). Its worth picking up the cards for restaurants as they offer free transport from and to your hotel. we ate at Bali Bistro, Tropical, Nusa Dua Cafe (great pizza and nasi goreng), balidine and lotus Garden. There are also restaurants to the north of the resort in benoa - again get the cards and get free transport (we tried Casa Bella). Food price...A pizza at the hotel was 72,000...at the nusa dua cafe the same pizza was around 30,000. Other suggestions for Bali - Hire a driver - we hired Dean (*who's mentioned on and off on trip advisor) who was fab - cost us 400,000rupiah a day and was well worth the money. The volcano and the monkeys were my fave! Also go to Kuta for shopping - things are a bit cheaper over there. Costs about 70,000 rupiah each way in a bluebird taxi. White water rafting and dolphin watching were both fab too!Over all a fab hotel, great service, nice cocktails (happy hour between 4-6 at the beach bar = 2 for 1!!!) and a great place to go on holiday - would recommend bali to anyone.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kimij
<Content>fantastic time If you are looking to stay in Nusa Dua you really should be looking at this hotel!(we have stayed in the Inna Putri and the Hilton and the Melia is best)! I was slightly put off by the fact that it is one of the largest in the area but our stay there was superb! There was always room and a bed around the huge pool which is landscaped so that it offers lots of privacy!Our room -standard deluxe was certainly big enough for my husband,I and daughter.For me a bathroom makes my hotel room and can make such a difference!It was clean spacious and had no signs of visable mildew (my pet hate)there were plenty of products left for us too.You may be visited on your balcony by squirrels so I would keep your door closed! The staff were always pleasant and helpful(as are all Balinese)and nothing was too much trouble.For us, most meals were taken out of the main gates usually to Bulau village where the costs are amazigly cheap! Ming garden was our favourite-it is also worth noting that you can arrange transfers with some of the restaurants, where they will pick you up and return you to the hotel at no cost.However lunch was mostly taken by the beach bar where the view is wonderful and the service is exceptionally fast!Unfortunetly my daughter fell over on the last day and cracked open her chin,we rushed her to the main lobby where they in turn took her to the hotel Clinic(which we didn't know 'til then exsisted) The staff there were fantastic and saw to her immediatly she was cleaned up steri-stripped and gave the best care and attention.Our holiday took place after the terrible bombings and I can say that Bali was very quiet. However you should be aware that security has been stepped up and the hotels, especially this one, were taking everything quite seriously and guards were being more careful, even guards were on the beachside,this could put some people off.We felt very safe within this hotel- please travel to Bali the benefits of this beautiful island by far outweigh any terror.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Melia Bali a great place to stay in Bali My wife and I were in Bali for 3 weeks in September of 2005. We stayed in Melia Bali the first week and in Melia Benoa the 2nd and 3rd week.We just have great things to say about Melia Bali. Our rating is 5++++hotel.Nothing went wrong because of the personel staff working in the hotel.The service is unbelievable. Each time that we needed something, someone was there to assit us.At the pool, in the restaurants, at the beach, everywhere the service was excellent. We want to say thank you to all the staff at the hotel, especially a special thanks to Nita for the service at the pool and at breakfast in the morning and Ayu at the lobby bar at night.We had a very special trip to Bali because of the place and the people.We love Bali and the Balinese people. We were very sad when we heard about the bombing in Kuta and Jimbaran, but it will not stop us from going back to Bali one day.Thank you again and we hope to see you again soon.Robert and Diane from Canada  
<Date>Oct 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic honeymoon destination       Jimbaran Beach  
<Date>Oct 17, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Dudley
<Content>Don't be put off by the bomb Just returned from 10 days at the Melia Bali; we flew home a day after the bombing which, unfortunately, will devastate their tourist industry.We found the hotel to be wonderfully clean and well organised. We have been to Bali 3 times before and our friends who we travelled with were on their first visit. The first rooms they gave us smelled slightly of damp so we asked for different rooms and they changed them straight away; another couple also had a room that seemed damp but liked their room very much so the hotel provided a de-humidifier for them which cured the problem.The gardens and the pool are fantastic, worth the trip for them alone; the staff are very attentive, helpful, and plentiful.Like all hotels the food was a little expensive but we found a local restaurant (The Tropical Cafe) 10-mins stroll away which served a fantastic range of local  european food at half the hotel cost and gave a free free taxi service both ways. If you are still thinking of going to Bali, GO. The Nusa Dua area is very safe  secure, just use common sense when going elsewhere, after all we have had bombs in London recently but still get on with our life without giving in to irrational fear.The hotel said that after the last bombing 3 years ago they were offering rooms at cost price just to keep staff working and the hotel open so bargain hunters will have a field day.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Falz
<Content>Fantastic Hotel - Shame about the future       Hotel Entrance and Driveway  
<Date>Oct 5, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful We stayed at the melia bali hotel in june this year and it was absolutley brilliant, the staff were amazing(they just couldn't do enough) and the facility was so clean you could eat off the floor almost.The swinmming pool was lovely(plenty of sunbeds) and the team who ran all the activitys were fab!The only downside to this hotel was the smell of damp in the room and the bedding was wet, we stuck it out for a few days and then changed rooms, all our clothes smelt horrible, although the staff were very helpful and did move us there were alot of guests who thought this was the norm and didn't change rooms, Its not!! ask and they will move you if they can.The restaurants in the hotel were great although a little expensive, about the same price as home. If you walk just outside the complex you can hail down a blue cab and they will take you to any restaurant you want to go, we found a few and the food was a quarter of the price, it is much much cheaper to eat out and so easy.In the hotel you can get a deal on food, you buy a card,E.G if you put 50 dollars on they give you the same back which works out cheaper for you, but my advice is eat out.Be carefull about people offering you cheap trips out, we went with our tour guide and found that it was much better and pretty much the same price as the others offer anyway, at least if you go out visiting you know you will get back.Haggle for everything you can get presents so cheap especially on the beaches and even in the shops.We absolutley loved Bali and would return, and would stay at the Melia Bali again as it was out of this world.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	2	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>E_Hemingway
<Content>Brilliant beachside resort The enclave of Nusa Dua is not as nice as Jimbaran Bay (being on the west, it gets the sunset). It is a close second though. Set amongst the Westin and a number of other hotels, the Melia is on the far end so you get a lot more beach. Being from Sydney, I know a good beach when I see one and this is not bad. Shallow water and no waves means relaxing sunbathing only. Suferes will want to head to Kuta or wonderland.Most of the guests were European which was good in a way as I didn't want to spend my holiday with loud Aussies. However, beware the German habit of reserving beach side huts first thing in the morning by placing towels and a few non valuables on them. It didn't bother me as I just moved them and argued later. The service is beyond compare and security is ever present. We had a junior suite which is recommended unless you can afford the villas. The variety of restaurants meant you didn't need to leave if you didn't want to, but we did, heading to Jimbaran bay. Eating at the Ritz Carlton there is a must. If you want a day tour, a number of drivers hang around the lobby. We negotiated one down to AU$50 for an entire day. He had a new 4wd and was very pleasant. Don't book through the hotel.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Clarkie2323
<Content>Beautiful Bali       Childrens Pool leading onto lagoon pool  
<Date>Sep 26, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nusa Dua - Not for beach lovers or people that don't want to get ripped off. Just returned from a 10 day stay at this Hotel. Not a bad hotel and they do the best to make you feel very welcome. We upgraded our room to a 'Junior Suite' which was worth it for the extra space, or rather came in handy when my wife got 'Bali Belly' from something we ate in the hotel or from 'Ice' in the drinks. Note a strangely high number of guest seemed to come down with the same illness as my wife during our stay.The Beach is utter rubbish, for the Cornish around think of Portwrinkle. When the tide goes out it goes out, not even enough to cover your big toe. Stay away from the Nusa Dua area if you want Sea and beach. I will say that the sand area was clean and we where not really bothered by hawkers.Food and Drink at the hotel is expensive compared to other places around the Island and not particularly good quality. If on a budget get a free pick up to the Lotus garden or one of the other local restaurants. If possible also try to pay for bed and breakfast instead of just board as the breakfasts is about 拢10 each. Though if you do pay when you get there, pay to cheapest option as you go in for breakfast as nobody checks once you are inside the breakfast bar and you can choose what ever you want.At the hotel you will notice that the garden villa guest get all the luxuries and you may feel like a second class guest compared to them.If you do visit the beach, (we still did nearly every day) go the right hand side of the beach bar. it is a lot less crowded on this side and there is less coverage from the fawna so you get get some more rays.hotel staff are extra friendly almost to the 'have a nice day' American fakeness. But are polite and do all they can to help you.The island of Bali is amazing and do get out and explore as much as possible. Never pay the first price for anything and barter as much as you can.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2005
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>karenandbecs
<Content>lovely hotel Have just returned from 10 days at Melia Bali. We thoroughly enjoyed the hotel our room was lovely and we had no complaints about damp as reported by other guests.The hotel is in a beautiful setting and staff very pleasant. It is however very expensive food and drink wise, breakfast is main restaurant was 拢10each and was not good value.We had breakfast in the beach restaurant a couple of mornings for 拢5 pp and this was much better value and less hurried with lovely views.The other days we walked out of main gate and ate in Bali Bistro for 拢3 for the 2 of us. It was every bit as good as the hotel.and the locals really appreciate your custom.I agree with other reviews that you could be anywhere as Nusa Dua is purpose built but take time to go out to the little village outside the gates and meet the local people. All the meals we had outside were excellent and very good value with more atmosphere than in the Melia. All outside restaurants offer free transportation.That said for comfort service and relaxation we would go to the Melia again as for room only accomodation at 拢270 for 10 nights for 2 with Travelbag it was excellent value for money.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>newMrsD
<Content>Nice but expensive hotel, shame about the location We stayed atthe Melia Bali for the first five nights of our honeymoon this summer. The hotel was nice enough - beautiful gardens, lovely pool, nice rooms (but annoyingly damp - all the bedding smelled damp which was very unplesant), but Nusa Dua itself was a dreadful disappointment. The hotels there could have been anywhere in the world, only the fact that the word 'Bali' appeared on signs gave you any hint as to where you were. The resort is gated, no local people live there, they only come there to work. The whole resort is landscaped like a garden and all felt extremely artificial.I would not recommend eating in the hotel restaurants as they charged at least three times as much as the nearest non-hotel restaurant and the food was no better - in fact the hotel food was bland - dumbed down for tourists fayre. A simple nasi goreng was charged at 95000 rupiah in the hotel, and around 22000 everywhere else. It will cost you less to get a taxi all the way over to jimbaran beach and eat there rather than stay in the hotel - and the atmosphere will be better too.If you are looking for lovely surroundings and don't care that you are in Bali then this may be the location for you, but we flew halfway around the world to see Bali and couldn't wait to move on to our next hotel in Ubud.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2005
<Rating>3	1	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Gomes
<Content>Lots of issues 5 Star Hotel?! Well, in the 80鈥檚 and in mid 90鈥檚 it might have been, but not now!The rooms are quite small, the furniture quite old, bathroom old-fashioned, and my shower was so low that I had to crouch to wash my hair.They had complementary water, coffee and tea in the room, like all other hotels we鈥檝e been in Bali, but unlike others, once you token it, they didn鈥檛 replace it.The breakfast is nice, various and well done, bun there is a notorious lack of staff, and you shall always miss something on your table鈥?a fork, a knife, a cup鈥?br/>There aren鈥檛 many chairs on the beach, so if you want to save your place there, go before breakfast and claim it with your towel and a book (till 8:30 you鈥檒l still be able to get a pair). Now the Beach there is quite funny, the sand is better than Kuta, but in the low tide you can forget about going for a swim, cause the ocean recedes about 100 meters and what remains is very shallow. That wasn鈥檛 a problem for us, cause we already knew about it, what we didn鈥檛 knew was that the hotel practiced outraged prices on everything, wile luxury hotels in Ubud and Kuta area were 4 and 5 times cheaper! (I must say the other hotels were much better then this).The cherry on top of the cake came when we asked for our bill at check-out, and they tried to charge us for a chocolate and two other things I am still trying to figure out what, that we didn鈥檛 take from the mini-bar. When we complained about it (and asked for a manager), they took about 15 minutes to check god knows what, and finally issue the new bill. Are the problems finally over?! You wish!!! Their just getting started, now I ask to pay card鈥?VISA, quite normal in a 5 star hotel, right?! Wrong! Mr. Your card is denied!... What?! They tried my 2 VISA cards and my girlfriends VISA card and they always said it came back denied! The funny thing is it was only about 40鈧? I asked if there could be a problem with the connection to the bank and they phoned the bank. Not speaking Bahasa, I couldn鈥檛 understand what they said, but it didn鈥檛 solve the problem. After more than half an hour passing 3 cards trough 2 machines that would obviously wouldn鈥檛 run, the Spanish general manager came and said the following 鈥淒O IT MANUALY鈥? So we finally paid our bill almost 1 our behind schedule to get our flight, without a single express of regret from any of the hotel staff!This is Spanish management in Bali, the only thing they know how to say when things go wrong is 鈥測ou鈥檙e in Indonesia鈥?  
<Date>Aug 16, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Paradise on earth! We just returned from a 2 week stay at the Melia Bali and the place is simply UNBELIEVABLE. We had a standard room and experienced no problems with the air con/lifts whatsoever. Everything was simply perfect beyond belief. Yes the beach is not great in low tide but that's nature, nothing to do with the hotel, the huge pool makes up for it anyway. The food at the various restaurants is great but there are many restaurants only 5 mins away (on foot) which are much cheaper (you often spend half the price and eat more!) and they offer both Indonesian and international cuisine. Even if you have eaten and are just going for a stroll, do take their business card if you like the look of them as most of them have a free pick up and drop off service in the Nusa Dua area, yes they do come and get you  return you to the hotel after dinner for free. Simply give them a call 10/15 mins before you want to leave. (Local calls, unlike mobiles, are not expensive). I would like to recommend Tropical (Main Gate Nusa Dua) - tel. 772 046. Their grilled tuna steaks are unforgettable, we just kept going back for more!! The restaurants at the hotel are very, very good, the Italian one is to die for (and I'm Italian) and the Sateria (the beach restaurant) does great food as well. I do recommend taking out the early bird offer mentioned by the other reviewers. Taxi wise do take a walk outside the hotel and you'll be approached by tons of driver to will take you wherever you want to go at a fraction of the price. Be prepared to bargain (they expect it) and make sure they have a van with air con if you're going for a longish trip! We used a bunch of them and had no complaints (you can even hire one for a whole day for about 300.000 rupees). The massages are great, if you want a Balinese massage and pay the masseuses located by the pool (not in the Spa) cash, you will not be charged the service charge on top. Do stop by and ask if there any discounts as they seemed to make up special 20% discounts out of nowhere! We paid 26 dollars instead of 32 for an hour long fantastic massage! If I go back to Bali, I will definetely return there. Hope you find this helpful!!  
<Date>Jul 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>entin
<Content>This hotel is the real deal - more Bali than any of the other ones we've seen       outdoor gazebo  
<Date>May 22, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Does what it says on the tin !!!       Looking from the pool to towards the beach  
<Date>May 16, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The territory is the best in Nusa Dua, damp smell is a problem       Melia and Sheraton beach  
<Date>May 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>bb-blues
<Content>Beautiful Setting, Friendly Service, Truly Bali   showReview(3398088, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 22, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not sure....   showReview(3357135, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 14, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	2	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Typhoon
<Content>Beautiful Hotel beautiful people   showReview(3318063, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Spidie22
<Content>Absolutely fantastic   showReview(3303451, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>davidsmith007
<Content>heaven on earth   showReview(3010617, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 16, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Haarlem
<Content>Great end to a Bali holiday!   showReview(2786626, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>銇ㄣ亾銇?> 銇ㄣ亾銇?</a> </div>
<Content>銈枫儳銉冦償銉炽偘銇渶閬┿仾銉屻偟銉夈偊銈㈠湴鍖恒伄銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(23235984, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>3	4	2	5	3	4	3	3	

<Author>nene-nono
<Content>璀﹀倷銇屽幊閲?#x201d;   showReview(23153432, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>zohei
<Content>銈堛亱銇ｃ仧銇с仚   showReview(23070773, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>supernikita
<Content>el paraiso       Garden villa  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Tweaky92
<Content>superbe hotel   showReview(21893470, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>AlpokatAlpokat
<Content>銉曘儹銉炽儓銈广偪銉冦儠銇蹇溿亴鑹亱銇ｃ仧銇с仚銆?#x201d;   showReview(21417419, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	5	4	

<Author>kanamix3
<Content>銈广儜銇屾湰褰撱伀鏈€楂樸仹銇椼仧锛?#x201d;   showReview(21208601, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>cha-chan銇優銉?> cha-chan銇優銉?</a> </div>
<Content>绶戙亴涓€鏉紒銉偣銈傚彲鎰涖亜锛侊紒寰￠／銈傜編鍛炽仐銇勶紒锛侊紒   showReview(21158856, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈广儜銇屾渶楂樸仹銇椼仧   showReview(21744913, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>shinchanmama93
<Content>銈炽偣銉堛儜銉曘偐銉笺優銉炽偣銇簚瓒?#x201d;       鍎泤銇亷銇斻仜銈嬮潤銇嬨仾銉椼兗銉?/a>  
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Hotapon
<Content>銉偩銉笺儓涓夋槯       閮ㄥ眿  
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>銇裤仯銇°們銈?905
<Content>銉涖儐銉仹涓€鏃ユソ銇椼倎銇俱仚   showReview(20605846, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>jozen
<Content>Le plus bel h么tel de Nusa Dua   showReview(20464772, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈嗐仯銇忋倞銇с亶銇俱仐銇熴€?#x201d;   showReview(20752911, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>abrildaol
<Content>DECEPCION , NO ES UN HOTEL DE LUJO   showReview(19859415, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>銇°伋銇俱倠
<Content>銈广儜銇屾皸鎸併仭銈堛亱銇ｃ仧锛?#x201d;   showReview(19730243, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>madrilena_8
<Content>estuve hace 2 a帽os, parece que sigue igual.   showReview(19068862, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	5	5	5	

<Author>patriciawillmann
<Content>Tr猫s bel h么tel   showReview(18380518, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ivanparadises
<Content>Antiguo, caro, y habitaciones con mucha humedad   showReview(18369054, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>2	1	-1	4	3	3	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>too quiet and isolated   showReview(18540421, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉愩儶銇ф硦銇俱倠銇倝锛侊紒   showReview(19914170, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>balireisen
<Content>wunder sch枚ne Lage       Strand vom hotel  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>pabrigarcia
<Content>Muy recomendado   showReview(15692499, 'full');   
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tres bon 4 etoiles   showReview(15573980, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏅壊鏈€楂橈紒锛?#x201d;   showReview(19913954, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Wir kommen sicher nocheinmal   showReview(13982103, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>2姝炽伄濞樸仺琛屻亸銉愩儶宄?#x201d;   showReview(19913603, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇椼倎銇ｃ伣銇勩仺銇勩亞銇伅鏈綋锛?#x201d;   showReview(19913403, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 16, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Supersch枚ne Hotelanlage - jederzeit wieder-   showReview(11315775, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>gaditana
<Content>Un hotel con encanto   showReview(10823751, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>5	3	4	5	4	4	3	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇ㄣ仸銈傝Κ鍒囥仹銇椼仧   showReview(19913255, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 3, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>rfeijoo
<Content>Buenas instalaciones   showReview(10453218, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Atlante0
<Content>Inolvidable.       Melia Bali desde la playa.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈搞儯銉炽偘銉伄涓?#x201d;   showReview(19912917, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Coramora2006
<Content>Bienvenido al paraiso       Chillouts del Laguna Resort  
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇ㄣ仸銈傞亷銇斻仐鏄撱亜銉涖儐銉仹銇椼仧銆€澶т汉鍚戙亼銇嬨仾锛?#x201d;   showReview(19912639, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Nunuca
<Content>Hotel encantador   showReview(8716054, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>搴冦亸銇﹀揩閬?#x201d;   showReview(19912276, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JETValencia
<Content>Encantador   showReview(8231412, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>4	3	2	3	5	4	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉愩儶銇洶鍥叉皸婧€鐐癸紒   showReview(19911708, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈广偪銉冦儠銇儠銉兂銉夈儶銉笺仌銇劅鍕曪紒锛?#x201d;   showReview(19911701, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>charlette100
<Content>Superbe h么tel   showReview(8138842, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉淬偅銉┿亴鑹亱銇ｃ仧銇с仚銆?#x201d;   showReview(19911525, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Rosedew78b
<Content>Bien   showReview(8111005, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	2	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鐧掋仌銈屻伨銇椼仧銆?#x201d;   showReview(19911373, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Silvimf
<Content>"Perfecto para terminar la Luna de Miel"       Detalle de la zona de relax exterior con juego de ajedrez de cristal y conexi贸n a internet.  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Elle80
<Content>Precioso, pero algo antiguo   showReview(7184693, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>4	3	2	3	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈嗐仯銇熴倞   showReview(19910997, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏃ユ湰浜哄銇姏銈掑叆銈屻仸銇勩伨銇欍€?#x201d;   showReview(19910801, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 15, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>vfrrc36
<Content>Traumhaftes Hotel   showReview(5935068, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 10, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇勩亜銉涖儐銉仹銇椼仧   showReview(19910387, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 3, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉°儶銈儛銉?#x201d;   showReview(19910293, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 24, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏂般仐銇忔敼瑁呫仌銈屻仧銉儠...   showReview(19928863, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 10, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉欍儵銉炽儉銇儶銈广亴鏉ャ仸...   showReview(19925272, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 18, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>搴冨ぇ銇暦鍦般伀寤恒仱銇撱伄...   showReview(19921581, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 23, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉°偩銉嶃儍銉堛伄閮ㄥ眿銇渶...   showReview(19920936, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 31, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇俱仛闁嬫斁鐨勩仾銈兗銉椼兂...   showReview(19918442, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 26, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉勩偄銉笺仹銇椼仧銇屻€併亾銇?..   showReview(19916715, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 29, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

