<Author>DeniMu
<Content>Would stay again in Apolo - for a little less money Stayed over the new year break for four nights. I assume this time of year is pretty expensive to stay in the city as what I paid was well above what I normally would pay and while the hotel stay was pleasant and I have no real negative things to say, the price was overinflated definitely for the standard of this hotel. For a lesser price though I would have been very happy. It is supposed to be four star business hotel 鈥?for me it is more like a very good three star. The hotel check in was smooth and efficient. There were no issues with the booking or the pre-payments which had been made. We were able to check in before official check in time of 1pm which was good and on the day of check out they stored our bags securely for the day until we returned that evening to collect them. Service at all times was excellent from the reception staff to the porters, security, restaurant staff and maid service, and very friendly. The reception staff spoke excellent English and we were provided with a map of Barcelona on arrival. The room we were allocated was at the back on the hotel so it was quiet enough. The room was as seen on the pictures they use to advertise the hotel except that I asked for double bed and got 2 twins pushed together which was the only bad thing. The room was ok size, one English news channel on tv, expensive mini bar 鈥?but was as expected. The room and bathroom were very clean and in good condition, and maid did respect the do not disturb sign every day we were there. There was air conditioning and heating which you worked yourself so we could control it which was fine. Not too hot or cold. The bathroom d茅cor and facilities were new enough.There is a lobby bar which is very small and the hotel has a caf茅 next door. We didn鈥檛 use either though. The breakfast was from 7 until 10.30 which is good for late risers like me. It was a very good buffet of hot and cold items, was very well supplied right up until the end and with good service for tea/coffee to the table. As regards location, it is well located or not so well located depending on your opinion. It is on a very busy road about 5 minutes walk from Port Vell. It is right beside a metro station which was great as we used the metro a lot. It is walking distance of a lot such as the port, Plaza Espanya, the Montjuic Park, Las Ramblas, Gothic Quarter, shopping areas and Plaza Catalunya so you do not always need to take metro and it is possible to walk at night out to restaurants and bars and back again so no need each time for taxis. It is about 10 mins walk to Las Ramblas down Nou de Rambla which is the side road opposite the hotel entrance. And we did walk a lot. However, what I did not realise when booking was that this hotel is on the edge of El Ravel which is the red light district and a not a great area in general. This area is in between the hotel and Las Ramblas. It did feel a bit intimidating on some of the streets in the area both day and night. However, we got used to it, and Nou de La Rambla was actually fine at night to walk through 鈥?it also has a police station on it so I guess that is why people say to use this street. We walked about at 2/3am in the morning with no problems. Some people may prefer though to stay in a nicer area at the other end of las ramblas nearer catalunya. Las Ramblas also towards the port area did get a bit intimidating at night. I was not impressed with Las Ramblas at all. I think I had a more romanticised view of what this street was about. The other streets around it are far nicer to walk down. And what is the story with everyone trying to sell cans of beer on the street??! Thankfully the rest of Barcelona was much nicer than Las Ramblas and I needed far longer than 5 days to enjoy it. However, where was all this great nightlife I thought it had? I guess you really need to know the places to go. I found the nightlife and selection of bars and restaurants disappointing and it did not live up to my expectations of a hopping all night scene in and out of bars and clubs. Then again, I鈥檓 used to that being normal at home. In summary, I would stay again in the hotel as it was very central and I had no complaints about the hotel itself, especially if it was cheaper at a less busy time of year. And Barcelona was great city with plenty to see and do so I hope to get back to visit those places I didn鈥檛 get to on this visit.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2009
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>iRiSHbLaGGeR
<Content>Bad tryp check in was ok, but from there on it went downhill, the reception staff were friendly and spoke excellent english, the porters/doormen not so much and were very unhelpful.the room itself was a average size(twin beds pushed together) but with well worn toilet seats and hand basin,shower was in good condition and had hot water when turned on. the room was very warm and stuffy. the heating seemed to be on all the time as it did throughout the entire hotel, opening a window was not an option as the traffic noise was appauling even with it shut, air conditioner had no life in it.breakfast had a wide range of options with excellent fresh rolls and fruit each morning. the location of this hotel is its saving grace as it is just yards from a the underground, and a 10minute walk to le rambles if you disect the adjacent streets, also there is a small taxi hold outside the hotel which always had 4-5taxis, maids did not respect the do not disturb signs but were friendly and did a good job  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>1	2	1	5	2	4	4	3	

<Author>Goonerne
<Content>Good Hotel and Base We just come back from a wonderful stay in Barcelona and chose this hotel for what looked like a great hotel base to explore. The hotel its self was just perfect from the check in to check out. The staff were very friendly and helpful and any request i asked for was granted eg. extra pillows. The breakfast was just great the best we have had in a city hotel across europe. The rooms were very clean and tidy as was the hotel in general. If i have one little complaint i think the bar is a bit small for the hotels size and gets a bit noisey when full, but all in all i think this is a great hotel to explore Barcelona with the main streets just minutes away and right on top of the metro system.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>DanielDP
<Content>Perfect Location The Single room I stayed in was nothing to write home about, although it was clean and quiet. Cleaners are very noisy and didn't respect the do not disturb sign. Tiny shower inside a square little bath-tub.The check-in/check-out was fine if a tad cold, let me stayed in a hour longer without problems. The best part of this hotel is the excellent location, just in front of the Metro Parallel (2 stops from Espanya and 10 minutes from Sants Station, 20 euro from the airport by taxi), and within walking distance from the Rambla. There are a lot of choices to eat locally.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	3	-1	4	

<Author>Adz99
<Content>Good and Bad Stayed here for a conference with work and it has good and bad points.Good Points:The location is excellent with the port and La Ramblas in walking distance, The beds were comfy, The staff are very friendly and efficientBad PointsA group of 120 of us and they needed a scan of each persons passport - thus check in was a long and complicated affairThe carpets and bathrooms in the rooms are in dire need of refurbishment. the bathroom especially was not good. Units and taps from the 1970's with all metal worn down from the years of cleaning. No fan either so some of the ceiling was rusting.Random screwdriver stuck in the ceiling...Breakfast average. Wouldnt choose to saty here again.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	2	4	3	

<Author>Germanz_on_tour
<Content>Go somewhere else there are better places for that price Well I wonder about myself that I did land here, maybe because of the nice photos on their page and the fact that it is close to all the relevant places you want to go in Barcelona.But the money you have to pay to get that goody is by far too much. The hotel has seen it`s best time during the Olympics in 1992 I suspect and since than there was not too much done on the interieur. The carpets are disgracefully dirty and I really have seen cleaner places before....The service at the reception can not be called as such, customers obviously have to apologize before they get served. I will not write comments about the quality of the breakfast and the food in their Bar/Restaurant otherwise this report will be deleted. Hhmm, to what I have seen else I am afraid this can happen in other places in Barcelona as well. Too much guest for the capacity of the towns hotels, might end up in a rip off (here it was definetely)  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	3	

<Author>cottea
<Content>wheelchair facilities       rust  
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>3	2	1	3	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>gcjambo
<Content>No complaints at all! we booked this stay on the hotels own website sol melia and got a great rate! convenient hotel right next to parel-lel metro station. we had no problems with noise but i think we might have been at the back of the hotel. loved barcelona as a city and cant wait to return!  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Ian_&_Allison
<Content>Fantastic Breakfast We stayed at the Tryp Apolo for three nights from the 10th to the 13th June. There were 6 people in total in our group occupying three double rooms. The reason we chose the Apolo was because they were offering three nights for the price of two which worked out about 拢80 per night per room. This price didn鈥檛 include breakfast but when we checked in they gave us a card which we could use in the restaurant to get two breakfasts for the price of one. The cost of breakfast was 18 euro so we thought we would try it out on our first morning. I have to say none of us were disappointed and all of us agreed that it was one of the best breakfasts we have had in a hotel. My friend particularly enjoyed his smoked salmon with scrambled eggs. I liked the fact they made omelettes on request with fillings of your choice in front of you. Well worth the money.The rooms were very clean with mini bar but no tea and coffee making facilities. The bathroom was stocked with free soaps, shampoo, toothbrush, comb, razor and shoe polish kit. The location is excellent with only a 5 to 10 minute walk to The Rambla. The tube station is literally outside the main door and is very handy for getting around. We found the staff very friendly and helpful. Would stay there again if the price was right.Only down side of our trip was that my friend had his wallet stolen within 10 minutes of getting on the train at the airport on our way to the hotel. One of the ladies in our group nearly had her bag dipped at the same time. Obviously this is no reflection on the hotel but Barcelona itself.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>PerthPensioner
<Content>Barcelona is the place. We booked this hotel at the last minute through a travel agent. She told us there was a continental breakfast included. The breakfast was much more. From fruit, juices, meats, cheeses, tortillas, sausages, tomatoes, scrambled eggs, muffins, biscuits, chocolate slice, expresso coffee,fresh fruit. I could go on and on. It was excellent. The room was more than adequate although there was only one english speaking channel, CNN. The bathroom was very clean but in need of refurbishment. The shower was excellent. Staff spoke English and were very pleasant. I would definitely go back. Only a 5 - 10 minute walk from the port end of La Rambla. It was easy to eat out and saunter back in the heat. All in all we were very pleased.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dorothiefay
<Content>Great Location My husband and I just spent 5 fabulous days in Barcelona. The location of this hotel is perfect for exploring this beautiful city.The non-upgraded rooms are clean, but nothing special. However, we would rather not spend our weak US dollars on a the excellent food and wine in lieu of a room.I would highly recommend this hotel. We did not experience the noise that other people have......but, we also never made it back to the hotel before 1:00 am ( Barcelona hops all night).  
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Shaun L
<Content>Good base for exploring but on a busy road       Lounge part of suite  
<Date>Jun 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>shroppiefly
<Content>Okay Hotel Stayed for 2 nights 18th April.Its a business class hotel. Its find for a bed  breakfast type of stay. The location is not too bad really,10 mins from las Ramblesnice easy walk to Plaza Espana (30 mins) and 5 mins from Harbour / beach.Breakfasts are fine,a good choice(not too much)but more than adequate.Just a point if folk don't know.There is a water shortage in Barcelona which is likely to carry on for a while(until it rains for 40 days etc)they have turned off all fountains,showers on beach etc.The Magical Fountains to be found in Plaza Espana are only on from 7.00pm to 8.30pm.Its really pointless as you'll not be able to see the colours.Hear the music yes.Enjoy  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>jenialexis
<Content>What a wonderful hotel! I meant to write this review for a long time...the hotel is really great and I would feel guilty if I didnt mention anythingThe room are wonderful and spacious....extra clean with beautiful bathrooms. Although the location itself could be more central, if you dont mind walking a bit, you will be at La Rambla in 10 minutes or soBut the best part is the impeccable service....thank you Miguel for making our stay perfect  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>yschoy
<Content>It was okay but not great Stayed at Apolo Tryp for 2 nights and was pretty standard though the room was a fairly good size and the beds were comfortable but the bathroom seemed a bit dated and as some reviewers had noted, rust was building up - not a pretty sight. Also not impressed by their Lux shower/hand gel pumps in the shower and near the sink as it made the hotel seem a bit cheap and not a 3/4 star hotel.Also, we arrived in the morning and it turns out that we advised not to use any water as they were doing water treatment that day but we were not told this, we had to read this ourselves upon check-in. No big deal I guess, I could just be washing myself with highly chlorinated water ... The location was good though with it being a 10 minute walk to the La Ramblas and directly outside, there is a Metro stop which means everywhere is accessible.It was good value for money though but might not stay here again unless I get a good deal.No comment on the restaurants as I didn't eat there at all - there are far many better places to eat!  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Huuhkaja
<Content>Standard hotel       Our room - Tryp Apolo - facing narrow side street.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Holmegate
<Content>Fabulous family room This was my second stay at the Tryp Apolo and will definitely be booking again in the future.We booked a Spiderman themed family room which sounded a bit tacky but it was a good deal. In reality it was a very well thoughtout room (Room 575). It was spacious and clean. The children had large bunk beds in a room containing a desk, TV and armchairs, separated from mum and dad by sliding doors. The Spiderman theme was subtle ... pillowcases, cushions and a few posters.It is probably one of the best family rooms I have stayed in. (Also stayed in the Pere IV in Barcelona which is also a good family hotel but the location is not as good as the Tryp Apolo.)I booked direct through solmelia.com. This allows you to join the MAS scheme giving you additional benefits when staying in any of their hotels ... complimentary newspapers, special deals etc.The room had a mini bar although no tea and coffee facilities. There is a TV, air-con, safe, pillow menu, bath robe, slippers and an extensive supply of complimentary products including the usual suspects, and a few nice touches like a 'tired foot kit' etc.We didn't eat in the hotel on this visit, however during my last stay I had the breakfast which was excellent ... buffet style with lots of choice.This hotel is so well located. You are literally minutes from the port and la ramblas. We found a short cut which takes you along the back of the maritime museum and onto la ramblas.All in all I would recommend this hotel and look forward to our next visit ... hopefully very soon.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>mugseybear
<Content>great stay at this hotel!!!! stayed here with my boyfriend in july for 5 days,its a great hotel, lovely inside with 5 lifts to the upstairs, great little bar downstairs and it has wonderful internet access aswell.one problem we had was that the lights and elctricity went out one night and we were actually in the lift when it happened!!scary!!! it was due to the musical chicago being on next door and the electricians cut some wire or something but it was grand the hotel dealt great with it and power was restored within twenty mintutes.rooms were great, spacious and big but a bit old and not as modern as some of the hotels we had stayed in. location was good but could have been better as it was a ten to 15 min walk to the ramblas. so we decided to get taxis instead!!!great value for money and would advise neone to stay here as its a great stay!!!xx  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>omer2710
<Content>a wonderful hotel- highly recomended! We stayed at the hotel at the beginning of January 2008 for a long weekend in Barcelona.The hotel is clean, the service is kind and helpful, the location is one of the best in the city - close to the port and right next to parallel metro station, where the funicular to montjuic is also situated.also in the vicinity of the hotel - Apolo theatre and Disco, plus number of inexpensive and quite good restaurants.The breakfast was good and satisfying, and cost only 10 euros per person.Rooms were always clean, and there was no noise from the street.All in all -I have nothing but good things to say about the hotel, and will surely come back to it the next time I'm in Barcelona.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>ATrivialWord
<Content>Tryp Apolo: What am I paying for? In a hotel, especially one in a foreign city, one requires very few things: sleep, a shower, and occasionally some help from the front desk staff. At the Tryp Apolo, we received none of these. The hallway, admittedly, is clean and adequate, but the room was not. After a completely sleepless night due to noise and temperature issues, I rose earlier than expected to take a refreshing shower, only to discover that the shower changed temperature approximately every 15 seconds. The soap dispenser (not a bar, but a body/shampoo soap dispenser) was annoying to operate and made me feel dirtier when I was through. Each time we asked at the front desk for tourism help--including the opening hours and days of certain landmarks--we were given conflicting answers, none of which turned out to be correct. Breakfast was promising, with a good variety of foods. Additionally, the hotel's location makes touring easy, being a few minutes walk from Las Ramblas and virtually next door to a Metro station. However, when we returned to our hotel room, we discovered that our temperature, which we'd spent the first 24 hours adjusting, had been changed although the room was not adequately cleaned. Finally, after paying the exorbitant rate of 22 euros for 24 hours of internet, when it ceased working we went downstairs to ask about how to get it to work. The front desk staff was not only unhelpful, but following a lengthy discussion, which clearly proved they were not listening, we were told that it was an external service and therefore not their problem. The last time I was in Barcelona, I booked a 6 euro per night bed in a 16 bed hostel room, and I had a better experience there. I am very disappointed in the Tryp Apolo, and the location and breakfast do not make up for this appalling experience. Even without a refund, checking out early was the preferable choice.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>1	2	2	4	2	3	1	1	

<Author>Tam Carr
<Content>Slightly disappointing.       Room 212  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>kaisatsu
<Content>Inexpensive and Convenient (esp to cruise port) We booked this hotel for a few nights before and after a roundtrip cruise from Barcelona. I got an alert through a travel deal newsletter that the parent company Sol Melia was having a huge sale on off-season rooms, and we were able to book our stay for less than it would have cost to stay at most 2-star Barcelona hotels. For such a low price, I wasn't expecting much, so I was very pleased with the value we got.The hotel is just out of the well-tread tourist area, but it's an easy 10-minute walk to La Ramblas. The walk isn't the most scenic - passing mostly kebab shops - but I didn't feel the area was particular seedy or dangerous. The hotel is also right at the Parallel metro station, which is convenient for longer trips and the Montjuic funicular. Having stayed farther north on a previous visit to Barcelona, I actually enjoyed being farther south with quicker access to the Gothic Quarter. The hotel was especially convenient for our cruise transfer, and the taxi to the ship was just a few minutes and a few Euros.The hotel itself is a fairly non-descript business-style hotel. The lobby is well appointed, although the hallways and rooms could use a bit of refurbishing. The rooms are on the small side but not tiny. Ours looked out over the inner courtyard for an uninspiring, but quiet view. The bathrooms were reasonably equipped with the generic hotel fixtures, including a weak wall-mounted hairdryer. However, during showers the water temperature fluctuated enough to be annoying. The television aired no English channels except a payment-required film channel.One fun feature is the pillow menu that allows you to phone the front desk and order one of a half dozen varieties of pillows according to your tastes. We used this service for both our stays, but on the second, they simply brought us additional versions of the standard pillow rather than the type we'd requested.Overall, my impression of the hotel was extremely generic. The location is decent if you don't mind a short walk, and for the price we paid, it was a fabulous deal.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>3	5	2	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>gtscad
<Content>Good hotel - nice and central We booked this hotel on special offer for only 50 Euros a night directly on the Sol Melia website. We were expecting it to be noisy but the friendly receptionist found us a quiet room at the back of the hotel away from the traffic and street noise. In fact, we were able to sleep with the window open. There was some noise from other guests returning late (very late!) but it wasn't bad considering the hotel is used by package deal companies.The hotel is immediately next to a Metro station entrance (Paral-lel) and a short walk to La Rambla, Plaza de Espana and the nice Port Vell area. We didn't have breakfast at the hotel as there are several cake shops serving nice pastries and fantastic coffee very close. (Coffee + pastry 1.70 Euros!)Our slight complaint would be that it is only marginally 4 star, more like a superior 3 star. But it was excellent value for money.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>Jeryl
<Content>Nice Hotel for family We enjoyed our stay at the Tryp Apollo Hotel in Barcelona! We arrived at 8:30am and were permitted to check in-really nice after 8 1/2 journey from the US! We booked two rooms for our family of five (two adults and three teens) and were quite pleased. We did in fact have five nice comfortable beds-NOT just a pull out couch or cot! The hotel rooms were spacious and clean. The bathrooms were nice and spacious too. We got new towels daily and rooms were always cleaned. The buffet breakfast was included and was delicious complete with: a variety of fruits, breads, croissants, meats, scrambled egges, fried eggs, fried vegies, salad, cheese, three fruit juices, an omelette station. Coffee is VERY strong and I like Starbucks so be warned. There were many English speaking employees to assist us. The Metro is right outside the front door and really is a must. The Metro system in this city is excellent, clean, safe and easy to use. We never took a taxi the entire trip except to the airport!My only complaint-just as the reviews in general on this site warned about Barcelona-it is a very noisy city! We were on the third floor and although the night was quiet on Wed-the night we arrived, it was very noisy Thurs-Sat! If you have a choice when you check in, make sure you do not face the building under construction. It is also where the car garage, night club and casino are located. I'm not kidding when I tell you that Sat. night there were large crowds lined up for a 3:00 am show-right below our window. Also, still noise at 6:00am!!  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>rcbeeson
<Content>Hungry traveler-still hungry We had friendly and helpful service. The room was clean.The breakfast buffet we had on arrival was ok but way too expensive for what was served and the waitress was not very friendly or helpful (impatient).Finally, due to our early departure, our pre-arranged breakfasts were changed to picnic boxes. That was acceptable to us except that when we opened them in the cab (on our way to the airport) we found the boxes filled with someone's leftover garbage. We called the hotel from the airport and asked to have our bill credited for the breakfast. We were told to call back to talk to a manager. We called back several hours later and talked to a manager who was aware of the problem but said she would have to check into it and call us back. I asked if our bill would be credited and the manager repeated she would have to check into it. It's been almost a week and we haven't heard from the management.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Isladeiona
<Content>Close by the action Stayed here for 2 nights. Found hotel to be very clean. Staff were pleasant. Rooms were average size but have no balcony. Most of the time we kept the window closed anyway due to the traffic noise as the hotel is situated on a main road, also there are street activities opposite hotel.For breakfast there was a buffet with ample choice. The one complaint here is there are no milk jugs, when you order tea and it arrives you then have to go back to the buffet bar to pour your milk. Very inconvienent, easier to pour some milk into a glass as you choose food.The hotel is in a very good location and within easy walking distance to La Ramblas and also the Port.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	5	3	4	5	

<Author>k9fun
<Content>Nice hotel not far from the part We travelled with a group of 12. Stayed one night at Tryp. The hotel was very nice. Not far to the port which is at the end of Las Ramblas  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>frenchy1124
<Content>Great location, but not a 4 star This is a great location if you want to visit Las Ramblas. Its only a 5-10 minute walk. The room I stayed in was pretty good for European standards but could've been a bit bigger. I was only here one night and from what I could hear there was a lot of street noise.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	3	5	

<Author>TerryLondon
<Content>Nice hotel but Front Office Staff not trustworthy I recently stayed there from the 20-22nd Feb for 2 Nights. The Hotel was nice, but 1 member of staff 'ryan ford' was a conman. We were there to see the barcelona / liverpool football game. Tickets were on sale at the stadium for 73 euro. Ryan Ford Charged us EUR 200. He first told us that he could arrange tickets for us but at a EUR 30 premium - which was fine. He then informed us the next day (after giving him money) that it was impossible to get tickets but that he would keep trying. In the meantime we were able to buy tickets from the football club itself. Later that morning, he called us to say he had tickets, but the price was now EUR 200. So, what do we do.....? we had to pay him more money to get tickets we didn't want and then we had to sell the tickets to other people for EUR 200, even though tickets were available at the stadium.If you ask me, i think and feel that this was a very good scam. I would not recommend staying at this hotel as I do not trust Ryan Ford.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>2	4	4	4	4	4	1	3	

<Author>schoolgirlsweekend
<Content>Lovely Hotel but street noise is a big problem Four of us stayed for 2 nights (Wednesday and Thursday) and our rooms were located on the side of the hotel. The noise from young people talking, shouting, laughing, drinking etc. from approx. 3.30a.m. to 5.30/6.00a.m. on the pavement/street outside our window was unbearable and kept us awake.This problem must be addressed. If we had been staying for longer we would have insisted on moving rooms.The hotel otherwise is excellent. Breakfasts are delicious and the reception staff spoke very good english and were helpful.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2006
<Rating>2	4	2	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>JourneyKat
<Content>We loved the Tryp! My husband and I stayed at the Tryp for 4 nights, and it was one of three hotels that we stayed in while we were in Barcelona. It was the hands-down winner for nicest place we stayed. We wish we could have stayed longer, but it was fully-booked for some of the nights of our visit, so we had to move.The rooms were quite nice and we heard no noise coming from the halls. There was a bit of street noise (we were on the 4th floor), but nothing that kept us awake.I was able to schedule wake up calls through the television, which was very convenient. Internet access was expensive, but reliable.Breakfasts were lovely, but were not included in the price of the room. This was okay, as they were reasonably priced.The rooms were very clean and attractive, and the staff was very helpful.We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>wisekatebushfan
<Content>not a bad hotel       hotel from street  
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>anjiej
<Content>Hotel Very Good location dodgy Stayed at this hotel in August 2006. Accommodation good and clean, breakfast very good, bar prices high. Our room on 4 floor looked onto a building site and the noise from thousands of young persons leaving a nightclub at 5.30 in the morning was incredible. Traffic noise most nights from the main road outside the hotel was loud. The area surrounding the hotel seemed quite intimaditing and we felt you had to be careful making your way to either La Rambla or the waterfront. Thoroughly enjoyed the hotel just the location slightly off putting. Would consider staying their again. Staff friendly although they would not change currency for us.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	2	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would recommend We flew in a day before our mediterranean cruise and stayed at the Tryp Apolo which was recommended to us by our travel agent. Had no complaints. The staff was friendly and helpful. The room was clean and true to the picture on expedia. Location was great, metro stop just a few steps from the hotel, within easy walking distance of Las Ramblas and the waterfront, short cab ride to cruiseships.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>luxurytraveller21
<Content>Not bad, not great Stayed here late May 2006 for a works conference, so I had no choice over the location or price. Our group of 26 arrived and in front of us there were a group of 40 checking in so it took a while but we had pre allocated rooms so it wasn鈥檛 too bad. A gentleman on reception gave a wondrous recommendation for a nearby lunch restaurant which served tapas (and I don鈥檛 even like tapas) I wish I had kept the name.The rooms are really average for a 4 star hotel more like 3 star but no major complaints. Don鈥檛 expect much of a view; mine was of a building site. I know you don鈥檛 come away to watch TV but I do like to have English station on sometimes and the majority are French and German. Also a warning for parents is that there are some 鈥榟ardcore鈥?channels just on regular TV, which was a bit shocking for this English prude.My first time in Barcelona, but I didn鈥檛 really get to see anything because of work. The hotel is within walking distance of most areas.A previous review said the bar prices were expensive, I didn鈥檛 get time to go to the bar but I can say walk out of the hotel towards the port and in under 5 minutes you have a supermarket where you can buy chilled drinks for next to nothing.Taxis seemed to be quite reasonable and plentiful around town.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mediocre Stayed here for two weeks through May-June 2006. Some food for thought:- Very noisy if you are in a room that faces the street. Be prepared to wake up to ambulances and partying (on the weekends, partying is until 6am)- Hotel is a bit run down, but from what I understand, is still in better shape than many. The beds are like sleeping on box springs and very low to the ground.- The area surrounding the hotel is not the greatest by any means. Pickpockets, live sex shows, you name it....a guy was arrested on the steps of the hotel while we were there (pickpocket).- Breakfast consists of a wide selection of ham, salami, cold cuts, tomatos and pastries. - Customer service at the front desk is hit or miss. Some very arrogant, some very polite. Ryan and Miguel were nice, while Vanessa and the other female at the desk were downright rude about anything, no matter how uncomplicated the question.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Hotel, Bad Location The hotel staff was accommodating when it came to speaking English, they made every effort to speak it. The breakfast was good, a lot of choices and clean. However, the location is a bit mind boggling. We stayed on the third floor and about 4:00 in the morning, a club closed and all of the people from the club remained outside and was very load and it made it very hard for us to sleep. This continued on for about 2 hours, we were not the only ones complaining about this loud ruckus.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>WorldCruzr
<Content>Nice Downtown Barcelona hotel While visiting Barcelona for the 2006 F-1 race we stayed at Tryp Apolo with another couple. Hotel was very nice, rooms adequately spacious, bathrooms clean and nicely appointed. Some degree of street noise but not terribly objectionable. Location is convenient to walking to the waterfront and Las Ramblas area (15 min.) Staff generally helpful though a bit brusque. Doorman's recommendation for dinner nearby was excellent and the Front Desk staff suggestion for dinner at the waterfront (La Fonda) was absolutely superb! Would choose this hotel again.  
<Date>May 20, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Twingomine
<Content>Ok Hotel I stayed at Tryp Apolo for 4 nights. The hotel in it self is quite ok, little run down but nice people and good service. The hotel is close to WTC but to close to La Rambla for my tast. The connecting roads to this area are in the late evenings and nights a dangerous place to be. If you like quietness, as I do, ask for a room at the backside not fasing the street and higher up. The hotel has maximum 6 floors. Do not expect a excellent view, but you cant get it all. And quietness is worth something I think:-)  
<Date>May 14, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>THERESA
<Content>Very Nice Hotel Stayed at this Hotel for 2 nights with a group of 45 Students. They were very nice to Us and the Rooms were very clean and well stocked with whatever is needed. The Breakfast served in the Morning was Fantastic. I really took advantage of the wide varitey of Foods that were served. I especially enjoyed the Salami's and Ham's they had available. The bake goods were outstanding and all very fresh and made right there at the Hotel.The only thing I could possibly complain about was the NOISE. My God it was awful. There is a Movie House next door and the line was very long and noisy. I couldn't believe the Loud mouths out there all night just talking, yelling, singing and just plain loud. I mean we had 45 People in our group 7 Adults and the rest Teenagers, and We didn't make any noise. In fact several kids complained about the noise. So You know it must be bad...But I would stay there again. All the action is right there, and it's not a bad area at all. I felt safe all the time. So didn't take the reviews regarding it being a bad area. They are full of it.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>clio3
<Content>excellent hotel just back today from barcelona, and we stayed at the tryp. excellent,i would recommend this hotel to anyone. have read other reviews about the area and so forth, but i think they were over exagerated, the area is fine, with a straight road past the police station to the ramblas, and the hotel itself is first class. we stayed out most nights till at least 2am and we never felt threatened once. i would certainly stay here again. ellie  
<Date>Mar 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nice, but you can find better I stayed in this hotel in december 2005 , five nights, including new year's eve.The hotel is very close to la ramblas , but the neighbourhood is not very safe, the underground train is next door and my advice is to use it, especially in the night.The staff was nice, but only one receptionist was speaking enlish, so, they couldnt help too much.anoter important thing - they never told us that on new year's eve, barcelona's taxi service is not working at all, so you have to book one few days before, otherways you take the train or...walk.You can find better hotels in barcelona and pay the same money.In my opinion, barcelona is The most beautiful city in europe, the city tour is very good, the food and drinks amazing.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Decent Hotel, not the best location We stayed there just afer Christmas 2005. The hotel itself was decent enough, the choice for breakfast was excellent. The area the hotel is in is not the best, during the day it is fine but at night there are quite a few dodgy characters hanging around. Having said that, we never experienced any problems. There is a metro station very close to the hotel (Parallel) so you don't have to risk the streets of the neighbourhood if you don't want to. Overall I would say it's a fairly decent hotel but I don't think it was value for money as I was told it was a 4* but the room was fairly basic. I would suggest your money would be better spent on staying at a hotel right in the centre.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Gibfamily
<Content>Nice hotel, but........ This hotel was quite nice for the price we paid. The staff were very efficient and polite. Unfortunately, we were dissapointed with the breakfast, the variety was very poor compared to other hotels in the Sol/Melia/Tryp chain. The coffee served was terribly weak too. Location-wise, its pretty central but just off the main areas to provide some peaceful sleep at night. The english channels on the TV were all pay per view, and you price includes 4 movies, a bit too much unless you are planning to spend your holiday in the hotel room! The other channels are mostly Catalan, Spanish or German. All in all, I would stay at the Apolo again but only if they had a VERY special offer.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>gordie 123
<Content>Surprised by the poor reviews! Have just returned after 3 night break between Christmas and New year and can only praise this hotel. Location is first class. We were concerned about reviews highlighting area round about but walked to and from La Rambla day and night, using back street opposite hotel. Never felt threatend once (maybe its because of the main Police Office being in the area) and in fact used several of the small bars and retuarants which were great value. Try the 101 in the steet opposite the hotel or the local bakery directly opposite the hotel on Par alel....great coffee and pastries for 1.50 euro at brakfast time.O.K. there are a couple of strip clubs nearby and the area is a little run down but it all adds to the charactor.Room and service in the hotel was great, room was clean well decorated and quiet (try to get a room at the back)and is used by mainly business people and air crew.Bar area is only disappointment with little atmosphere and closes early never the less if you want good location and comfort can't see past Tryp Apolo  
<Date>Jan 2, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointed with the Apolo Stayed at the Apolo for 2 nights in early December 2005. To be fair to the hotel the biggest problem this hotel is its location. Located near to the bottom end of Paral-lel its in a decent location for Port-Vell etc but the area around the hotel is pretty run down and you do not want to be using any of the streets that cut across to La Rambla at night or even daytime for that matter. Not a massive problem but it means that you really have to think twice about taking a walk down Rambla at night as there is no really safe way back to the hotel.The biggest saving grace this hotel has is the Metro line just 20 yards from the front door. Once you figure out how it works the Metro is superb allowing you to get the better areas of the city easily and back to the hotel in relative safety. Buy a 10 trip ticket, its well worth it.Drinks in the Hotel are expensive and the lobby bar very quiet. Note the drinks prices are not on display anywhere either. Funnily enough though Room Service was reasonable and there was a dial a Pizza feature too. There are a few bars in the area around the hotel but to be honest they all looked a bit grotty which leaves you with the hotels inflated prices or a trip on the Metro elsewhere if you want to go for a drink.Staff were pleasant and helpful and the rooms comfortable and in good condition. Breakfast was ok but there wasn't a massive choice of hot food, maybe because it was the off season?One last point is to beware of the taxi drivers. We were ripped off totally from the Airport to the hotel. The driver suddenly losing all understanding of English he understood perfectly well when we got in the cab. Driver on the way back was 鈧?0 cheaper so make sure you get a rough indication of any fare and any supplements added before you get in and beware of getting the grey haired rip off merchant with the Citroen BX when you get a taxi at the airport!  
<Date>Dec 20, 2005
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location Excellent value for money in a great location. The hotel is 20 metres from Paral-lel metro staion on the green L3 line. Our only problem was we used the map provided on the expedia web site which suggests it is by Poble Sec train station.The hotel was in immaculate condition, well maintained and all staff were fiendly. The breakfast was excellentand served till at least 10.30. Check out was a mangeable 12.The Ramblas is just 5 minute walk away or 10 minutes to Placa Reiel. From the airport you can either get the bus via Catalunya or the metro via estacion sants. You can even use the t-10 ticket (book of 10 for c.6 euro) which makes it a bargain.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>MMStingray
<Content>Everything OK! Easy acces from the airport. Taxi is about 25 Euro, bus 3.50 Euro. Altough the hotel is located on one of the main streets of Barcelone, the rooms are quit. We stayd at the 6th floor in a standard room. It was a room as you may expect: clean, quiet, everything working. Only one tile in the bathroom was damaged. We reported a powerbreak, and is was repared in 5 minutes. Hotel is mainly visited by cruise passengers and businessman. This means a quiet, mostly older public. No shouting or running or crying babys. The breakfast is overwhelming: Jamon serrano as much as you want, show cooking bar (omelettes), fresh juice and open till 10.30.It is an ideal basis for tourist. Main metro line (L3 - green) stops in front of the hotel. Placa Catalunya only 3 stops (5 minutes). We are - definitively- coming back to this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Samejesse
<Content>Great Buy - good pre-cruise hotel We stayed at the Tryp with a large group traveling from all over the US and going on a Royal Carib Med Cruise. I was not sure about the location, since I have never been to Barcelona, but it was great. It is just a few blocks from Las Ramblas and right across the street from the hotel are lots of little sidewalk tapas cafes. You can also see the water right down the street from the hotel. I had to help check in our large group and the staff could not have been nicer or more helpful. They spoke English and were just very professional. Check in was easy. The rooms are modern and clean, clean bathrooms. Don't be surprised at the beds - if you get a King room it will be two small beds pushed together - but very comfortable. I thought the breakfast buffet was the best I had throughout our entire trip and we stayed in Europe for a long time after the cruise and went everywhere. Spanish cheese and sausage, pastries, hot eggs, omelets, waffles - a little of everything. Oh - a tip - to turn on the power in your room, stick your key card in the slot inside the door - no one knew how to do this - very modern way of conserving energy and keeping track of your key! I am young and like to stay in the middle of everything and this hotel was just right - Las Ramblas was just too touristy to actually stay on.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>luceo
<Content>Good City Hotel Close to Barcelona's Las Ramblas and Poble Sec, the Tryp Apolo was a good value option for a six day city break.The location is excellent although the double glazing could be a little more effective in keeping out street noise, especially at weekends. The hotel is generally well appointed and the well trained and courteous staff did much to make our stay in Barcelona a success. We will certainly recommend this hotel to our friends and we will use it on subsequent trips to the city.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ThePaz
<Content>Good base for a lovely city We stayed in the hotel over the Easter Holidays in 2005. The rooms were spacious and clean with all the facilties you could need. There was a fantastic buffet breakfast which could keep us going till dinner. We were allowed into the room early which meant we could throughly enjoy our first day. There is a metro stop right outside the Hotel which is a good way to explore this beautifull city.The only bad thing about the whole trip was Barcelona Airport. It seems to be very badly organised - allow plenty of time to check in. There was even a fight in the check in queue!!  
<Date>Aug 15, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>excellent hotel very well situated hotel, Iwas a bit concerned going to this hotel because of some bad reviews, but all I can say is there are some fussy people out their. Excellent location next to the Rambla, excellent buffet breakfast, get a lovely omlette made in front of yours eyes. Lovely clean rooms, nice decor, maid service was spot on. Really enjoyed Barcelona, it was my 2nd time there. We did the 2 day tour bus,enjoyed it very much. Take my word and visit this hotel I will be visiting again soon.  
<Date>May 29, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Find a better hotel in Barcelona We spent five nights in the Tryp Apollo with a group of 18 people - we were the leaders. This was the worst of the three hotels we stayed in in Spain, the others being in Seville and Barcelona. The biggest problem: Location. Though it is close to the waterfront and the Ramblas, it is in an unattractive, edge neighborhood with no nearby restaurants or shops. As others have mentioned, it is not an easy walk to the good part of town, even though it is relatively close, since the neighborhood one must pass through is universally considered unsafe. Why stay in such a gritty part of town when Barcelona offers such vibrant neighborhoods nearby?Second problem: Sloppy service. I haven't compared notes with our group yet, but just in our room, the hair dryer fell apart, the bathroom door handle fell off, the towel bar came unscrewed, and room service failed to provide any bathroom linens one day. Two of the four public computers were broken for several days, even after reported (one was simply frozen and needed a reboot). The front desk could not find a package that had been dropped off, and had no one who could speak English on the graveyard shift, when the cab that appeared at 4:30am for the airport run was smaller than what we had asked for, and we had no way to make our needs known. The staff had an attitude that they would do what was needed, but no more.Third problem: Aesthetics. This is a typical sixties hotel, with large public spaces with no character, and an ugly exterior on an ugly street. The last issue was not directly the hotel's fault, but perhaps reflects on the neighborhood: the last night of our stay, a loud salsa band performed until 2am right across the street on an outdoor stage, and no one on that side of the hotel got any sleep. It was not clear to us from our conversation with the desk how often that happens, but I would avoid a room on the avenue.The only good thing about the hotel is the subway station right out the front door, but you really have no choice, since you can't really walk anyway, especially at night. Find a better place, even if it costs slightly more $$$.  
<Date>May 21, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great stay We could not find any fault with this hotel, our room was spacious and had every amenity.The Hotel was was spotless and all the staff were helpful, it was also very quiet at night with good air conditioning. Breakfast buffet was excellent- in all a very modern hotel of 4 star standard as you would find in any European city. We do agree that the short walk to Las Ramblas or to the port may seem a little dicey, as there are a few sordid looking dives on the way. In saying that, we did not feel unsafe and saw no evidence to support a feeling of unease.By the end of the stay we felt quite relaxed about the walk- after all you do pass a large Police Station on the way! We must add that were back at the hotel (exhausted) by 10.30pm latest , but any walk home after midnight in a city must be viewed with caution. We would stay at this Hotel again because it was very good value for money , and we had a fantatsic holiday.  
<Date>May 10, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>midge2475
<Content>Good hotel, great location My fiance and I stayed at the Tryp Apolo in December 2004 to see in the New Year in Barcelona. We found the hotel to be very clean and comfortable, the staff were friendly and helpful, there was everything you could possibly want to eat for breakfast and the room service was prompt.The hotel is directly outside the metro stop 'Paral-lel' from which you can depart on metro lines 1  3 and the funicular, which we found to be the only lines we needed. Barcelona itself is a very beautiful city, I would recommend a gentle stroll around Parc Guell, a visit to Castell de Montjuic for excellent views of the city and, if you're fortunate enough for your visit to coincide with a performance from the Font Magica (Magic Fountain), then it should not be missed!!We would love to go back to Barcelona, as we didn't manage to see everything we wanted to in the three days we were there, and if we do we will almost certainly stay at the Tryp Apolo again.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This 4 star hotel is just EXCELLENT ! After taking the caotic train experience from the Barcelona airport to dowtown it was very easy to ask for the Tryp Apolo Hotel. The Paralelo avenue is well known by all the locals. What amazed me was to find out that the Paralelo exit from the subway is almost right in front of the main entrance of the hotel! How cool is that!Guys at the front desk are very friendly. The foyer is spacious and so was the wonderful room. The breakfast room was very big too and the food was... DELICIOUS! It reminded me a lot the new Hilton in Buenos Aires.About the location, the hotel is a 10 minutes walk distance from the Maremagnum area and beside the subway station just outside the hotel there is a bus station where you can catch buses either to the beach or downtown.This is my absolute recommendation for lodging in Barcelona. Enjoy!  
<Date>Jan 8, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great base My hubby and I spent 3 nights here last week.It's away from the madness of La Ramblas and Catalunya, but close to it at the same time.The metro is on the doorstep of the hotel and we found it really easy to use, fast and unthreatening. You are only 2 stps from Catalunya (about 5mins on metro).I would rate the hotel as a basic 4 star or superior 3 star, we were initially disappointed at only interior rooms being avail and asked to be moved next day, however we chnged our mind, the interior rooms are so peaceful, we could sleep undisturbed with window open. The rooms are smaller than the photo they use on Expedia, but comfy and very clean.The reception staff are all very helpful.I'd use this hotel again based on standard of accommodation, value for money and location.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>vivvy
<Content>Loved this hotel and will recommend My Daughter and myself stayed at this hotel about 10 days ago and we had an excellent stay. The staff on the reception desk were very courteous and when I asked whether we could change rooms they did their utmost to please us. The breakfast was superb and very comprehensive. The location of the hotel was good also. Hopefully, we shall be back.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great hotel great for being close to attractions, very clean and friendly, breakfast excellent would highly recommend it, swimming pool next door to hotel. a little inconvenient  
<Date>Nov 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great base I took my 10 year-old son to Barcelona last February to take in some football. We stayed at the Apolo and it was the perfect base - so close to the Metro station and within easy walking distance of Las Ramblas and Montjuic stadium. We stayed 4 nights and didn't notice any strip joints nearby. Didn't feel concerned at any time. Would recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2004
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>shaftesburygym
<Content>2nd Stay/ Great time Another great stay. Very happy with every aspect of hotel. ( No tea/coffee making facilities in room. Mini bar instead) Hotel clean, tidy, smart and excellent breakfast. Good location within walking distance of everything. Air conditioning only in summer. Other months ask for room away from main road as if you want your window open you will be disturbed by traffic noise. Highly recommend. Good value on solmelia.com  
<Date>Aug 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Melia Confort Barcelona Ideally situated for la ramblas and shopping. ten minute walk down to the harbour. Staff friendly and professional , very clean couldn't fault hotel in anyway. Would stay there again and recommend.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>IOMtravels
<Content>Good value Stayed at the Tryp Apolo for four nights at the end of May. As other people have said I had reservations after reading some of the other reviews. But I was pleasantly surprised. I found this hotel to be clean and well presented. I asked for a room at the rear of the hotel a way from the noisy main road, this request was accomodated without question. Room at the rear lovely and quiet, breakfast excellent. As for the location the metro stop is a few steps from the front of the hotel, Ramblas and the promenade a ten minute walk. The receptionist recommended that we did not walk down the side street to the Ramblas but instead walk to the Columbus statue and up that way, this was apparently due to pick pockets and theives. I would stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>geztek
<Content>Decent hotel, great location Stayed here on 27-30 May. The location of this hotel is great. Just a hop and a step away from the Port area and a short stroll to La Rambla. Some say the area is seedy .... not really. Yes, there is a strip joint across the road but you can say that about some of the great cities in the world. An extra bonus is the metro station right outside the hotel. As for the hotel itself, it's clean, elegant in places and functional. Yet it's like 3/4 star hotels the planet over - little character of it own. But then it's just a place to rest your head between visits around this fabulous city. The breakfast is excellent in its range and quality. We got a resonable deal though you can get cheaper. All in all, if you want a good, convenient base for your visit to Barcelona, the Tryp Apollo is just fine.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Truth! Hello, I came here with my girlfriend for a short break and booked this hotel on the internet. After reading a number of reviews we decided to book this hotel and were not disappointed. The hotel is ideally located right outside the metro station giving easy access to the whole of Barcelona and only a 5 min walk away from La Ramblas. The area is generally quiet. There are strip clubs across but the area is perfectly safe.The hotel rooms are clean with ample space, mini bar, cable TV, shower and bath. The hotel also provides fitness room, jacuzzi and swimming pool but this is located outside the hotel in a separate building next door.Overall we recommend this hotel although there are plenty of cheaper alternatives elsewhere in Barcelona.  
<Date>May 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel I stayed here last week with my boyfriend and got a great late deal. The room was huge considering what we'd paid for it and had a mini bar, cable tv, bath, shower and a huge bed. The buffet breakfast is amazing, and even has a good selection for vegetarians, unlike the rest of Barcelona! We had no problem with the area and felt perfectly safe walking around at night. There's basically a couple of strip clubs in the area but they seem to be everywhere in Barcelona. The weather was terrible and didn't stop raining so the hotel more than made up for it. The only problem was when we checked our bags in on the last day and 2 of them were missing when we went to pick them up, and one of the managers was to busy dealing with another complaint to even acknowledge mine but they found them after 30 mins and we got to our flight on time.   
<Date>May 18, 2004
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Value for money May 2004 - my husband and I are just back from 5 days in the Tryp Apolo. Before going had read this review site and were not looking forward to going - had tried to change hotels with Globe Span but , due to the excessive charge which would have been applicable - had no option but to 'stick with it' -... a twenty minute taxi ride from the airport- 28 euros including 2 bags - and we were there. The extrance to the hotel looked fine - although the 'automatic turn around' entrance door had an out of order sign posted - which looked like it had been there for some time - the door was never available during our stay there and the side door was used - a pity because it was our first impression of the hotel. The receptionist was professional and helpful and we asked for a room without too much noice - we were allocated a room on the 6th floor (noise difficult to suppress because of the busy road below) very clean, comfortable beds, linen and bathroom clean - although a quick lick of emulsion on the walls would have made a difference. Breakfast was included in our package - and that was really good - all that you could want to eat and efficient and friendly staff. Smoker side of the restaurant has the best view - the other side looking over the road below. Location was definitely seedy if you crossed over the Paral-Lel with some doubtful characters around - but if you turn left out of the hotel, 10 minutes pleasant walking and you reach the Columbus Column and from there you are almost at La Rambla- great fun and a 'people watchers' paradise. The Para-lel metro is just outside of the hotel and so is the bus stop. - no problem getting around from there to all of the sites in Barcelona and fare is really cheap. Would consider using the Tryp again for a short break and for value for money. Oddly enough the taxi fare back to the airport was only about 17 euros. Have a great time!Nick and Mags  
<Date>May 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Well Located This was a fine hotel, but nothing magical. It is very well situated near La Rambla. There is also a tube stop situated next door. The area between La Rambla and the hotel is clearly poorer, home to many immigrants, and has it's share of social problems. This might put you off, but it felt safe compared to London.   
<Date>May 10, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good for Weekend breaks Having read some of the previous reviews I was not expecting much, however, the service was prompt and curteous, the room was comfortable and quiet, the wide selection at breakfast was excellent and the location is ideal for those wanting to explore the city. For anyone wanting a good place to relax after a long day sightseeing over a weekend, the Tryp Apolo offers good value for money.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>staying at the tryp   showReview(1640232, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 9, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stag Night   showReview(1637497, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 7, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mixed Reviews   showReview(1554558, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 16, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Tryp should not be part of your trip   showReview(1504240, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 2, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel for tour group   showReview(1434244, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 2, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PStewart
<Content>Definitely worth a visit   showReview(1422962, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 27, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This Place is OK   showReview(1422510, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 26, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Thumbs down for the Tryp Apolo   showReview(1401396, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 22, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sand_200
<Content>I'll return to the Tryp!   showReview(1268940, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Tryp Apolo aka Melia Comfort Hotel   showReview(1235982, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>anitaSevilla
<Content>mucho ruido   showReview(22722954, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 14, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>ellembi
<Content>Valida sistemazione per visitare Barcellona       la camera  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Eddoko_girl
<Content>Un eccellente 4 stelle!!!!   showReview(21975147, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ciline
<Content>g茅nial!   showReview(21297524, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel tr猫s bien situ茅   showReview(20552352, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>j'y s茅journe 脿 chaque fois que je passe par barcelone   showReview(20552353, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sehr empfehlenswert   showReview(20552351, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel agr茅able   showReview(20552350, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon plan pour passer qq jours 脿 Barcelona   showReview(19631584, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bonnes prestations, bonnesituation   showReview(19631583, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo!   showReview(19631582, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel recommand茅 !   showReview(19631580, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un hotel   showReview(19631585, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Albergo comodo ai monumenti e ai divertimenti   showReview(19631578, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>j adore correspond aux 4 etoiles   showReview(19631577, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>defne84
<Content>barcellona 猫 fantastica!   showReview(18879004, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	4	3	3	4	

<Author>Sbubbi
<Content>Tryp Apolo...ci piace!   showReview(18528232, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>reyhecken
<Content>Tr猫s bon h么tel, tr猫s bien situ茅   showReview(18474145, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sch枚nes Hotel an guter Lage   showReview(18525328, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Optimale Lage f眉r St盲dtetour   showReview(18525327, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>tatiana40
<Content>ideale per famiglie   showReview(17553985, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un buon albergo   showReview(18525325, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>kann man empfehlen   showReview(18525326, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr zu empfehlen   showReview(17430851, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Zuteuer f眉r das was man bekommt   showReview(17430850, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	4	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hat alles wunderbar gepa脽t   showReview(17430849, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent valeur 脿 l'argent   showReview(17430847, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Perfetto per le vacanze e non solo   showReview(17430848, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>superbe   showReview(17430846, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>satisfaction en g茅n茅ral   showReview(17430845, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon hotel   showReview(17430843, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Buon riferimento per altre visite di Barcellona   showReview(17430844, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr猫s bel h么tel tr猫s bien situ茅   showReview(17430842, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sofort wieder buchen   showReview(17430836, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Top Hotel in Top Lage jederzeit wieder   showReview(16601695, 'full');   
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr猫s bel h么tel   showReview(16601693, 'full');   
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un peu decu   showReview(16601694, 'full');   
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder..:Empfehlenswert   showReview(16601684, 'full');   
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tout pr猫s du port et du m茅tro   showReview(15564716, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Fu脽weg zur Innenstadt; direkt neben U-Bahn; Fu脽weg zum Hafen   showReview(15564715, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr gerne wieder.   showReview(15564714, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>C么t茅 rue, avec des boules qui猫s...   showReview(15564710, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un des elements qui ont fait la reussite de mon sejour Barcelone   showReview(15564709, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ottimo   showReview(15564712, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Optimal f眉r einen St盲dtetrip   showReview(15564713, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Buon Hotel, Buona posizione.   showReview(15564711, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nella media   showReview(14730273, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon h么tel propre et calme   showReview(14730272, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(14730271, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ci tornerei sicuramente   showReview(14730270, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Lage   showReview(14730267, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent s茅jour familial au Tryp Hotel   showReview(14730268, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gut gelegenes Messe- und Urlaubshotel in der City   showReview(13977713, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon rapport qualit茅 prix   showReview(13977712, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Empfehlenswert   showReview(13977709, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gerne wieder   showReview(13199185, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Laut ,Laut ,Laut   showReview(13199182, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	4	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr茅s bon plan   showReview(13199181, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>best place to get to know BCN   showReview(13199183, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ritornerei volentieri   showReview(18525329, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Angenehmer Aufenthalt   showReview(11302724, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gutes Haus   showReview(11667016, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Kann ich weiter empfehlen   showReview(11667017, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11438941, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gentillesse et confort   showReview(11438930, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Buona posizione   showReview(11438928, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gute Lage, Freundlicher Service   showReview(11436605, 'full');   
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Svenora
<Content>im grossen Ganzen gutes Hotel   showReview(7434630, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Judith1983
<Content>sinceramente, un hotel sin renovar y con moqueta....   showReview(7418630, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	2	1	3	3	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>閮ㄥ眿銇簝銇曘倓娓呮綌鎰熴仾...   showReview(19927779, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 1, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>閮ㄥ眿銇簝銇曘€佹竻娼旀劅...   showReview(19927751, 'full');   
<Date>May 30, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉戙儵銉儷椐呫伄銇欍亹杩戙亸...   showReview(19921366, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 17, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

