<Author>mandiandhappy
<Content>Best Wedding Ever! Our main purpose for this trip was to get married and have a fantastic trip with close friends and family. The food was grand, and the drinks were plentiful. The wedding coordinator was amazing and she went above and beyond helping us have a fantastic wedding. The wedding coordinator was Isyuney Peguero. Great lady! She met with our crazy group of 23 and was able to organize all of our requests. Everything was in order in a day and the wedding went as planned. I had some doubts when organizing our trip and was concerned if everything would run smoothly but it did. We will defiantly make another trip to this resort again.We did get an upgrade from our friends the day after our wedding and stayed at a different part of the resort called The Royal Suites Turquesa by Palladium. This section was adults only. Really quiet over there and a bit snotty but we enjoyed our fancy restaurant away from everyone else. You need to stay at this resort for at least 10 days since there鈥檚 5 different resorts on this property. Way too much to discover and enjoy. You won鈥檛 be disappointed when going to the Grand Palladium, it鈥檚 a fun place, great staff and they will give you a great wedding as well!  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>AddictedtoDR
<Content>Great holiday, wish I was there now       Minibar  
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>MGSS21
<Content>Just OK! Arrived on Thanksgiving Day with my wife and 4 college age children. I had been asking for rooms in the 2000 or 3000 section on an upper floor months in advance. It was largely ignored by the very pleasant gentleman at check in. He put us on the first floor of the 7000 units that were a little far from the beach. These units had a smell that was very hard to get used to. The inside of the closets had a very strong urine smell.The kid's room had black hairs and blood stains on the sheetsthat were not changed but, just turned over, until we insisted thenext day that they be changed. We did leave a tip every day but, it did not seem to garner any better service from the maid. My girls slept in zipped up hoodies the first 2 nights. I had to call the front desk 4 times over a 24 hour period to have more bottled water stocked. Considering you can't brush your teeth without it, this was not good. I did go to the bar and get my own water but, I should not have had to at a 4 star resort. We also had to call many times to get an towels for my children. We had 4 people in that room but, they only had 2 towels. We had to use the pool towels to dry off the first 2 nights. The beach was very beautiful but, you better put your towels out early. Get ready to see lot's of skin at the beach. The sand and water were incredible but, I am not OK with men in thongs and naked 4 year old boys. The European's dominate this entire resort and made us feelvery uncomfortable at times. When we walked onto the pool deckwe felt like we were on display. A simple smile from these people would have made us feel a little better. My 2 girls look a little like Dallas Cowboy cheerleaders but, the stares in the USusually are followed by lot's of positive smiles and not blank stares.We had difficulty finding food worthy of more than a poor ratinganywhere in any of the 3 resorts. The Italian was fair so we atedinner there 4 out of 5 nights. The wait was 2 to 3 hours but,at least we felt some consistency with the pasta. All of the meatdishes we found to be very chewy. The hamburgers were a mystery meat.The grounds at the resort were truly beautiful. It felt like Disney World in Florida the way they kept things so perfect.We took 2 excursions over the 5 days. The Saona Island excursions was hard to take because it takes 3 hours to getto the boat and 3 hours to get back. The 4 or 5 hours on theboats and Island were memorable but, the constant houndingby vendors ruined that part of the trip to.The half day ATV tour was much better but, still took 1.25 hoursof driving each way through some of the poorest, dirtiest townsI have ever seen. This tour should only be taken if you are in good physical health.We met with the Turinter rep for transportation back to airport2 days in advance to confirm. They showed up an hour lateonly after we finally reached him on his cell. We were very nervous that we were not going to make the flight. Thefront desk personnel that day were non English speaking andno help at all. I really feel I am being very honest with this review. I would neverrecommend Punta Cana to anyone. The constant hounding bythe locals from the moment you step onto the tarmac gets very old after a few days. I must have said No Gracia's over 1000times in 5 days.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	1	3	1	3	

<Author>scooter81
<Content>Really Enjoying the GPPC A group of 9 friends (aged 27 to 30) travelled to the GPPC for a week of sun and fun in lovely Punta Cana from Dec 13 to 20th. Some of the reviews were a bit surprising and it made me wonder if in fact these people stayed in the same resort. You have to remember you are going to a country probably not as well off as your home country so things will be a bit different. If little things are that annoying to you, don鈥檛 travel. On to the review鈥ts long so be forewarned.FlightWe flew Skyservice from Toronto. No problems at check-in but we weren鈥檛 given seats all together, no problem, we were going to be with each other for the next 7 days, 4 hours apart wouldn鈥檛 kill us. Being a charter, the seats are really tight, so don鈥檛 expect lots of leg room. The on-flight meal was beyond gross, but what do you expect when it comes in a nameless foil package and is described as an 鈥渆gg sandwich.鈥?Welcome drinks were served on the plane, some people don鈥檛 take theirs so if you are near the front or back of the plane, extras are easy to come by.AirportReally nice and quaint little open-air airport. Deplane onto the tarmac and into the customs and luggage carousels. Very inviting from the moment you arrive. Customs was super fast and luggage came at a reasonable pace. Once you get your baggage, hold on tight as many Dominicans will be coming up to you to carry your luggage for you to your waiting bus. If you use these services expect to tip that person. If you do not a simple 鈥渘o gracias鈥?will leave you on your way. When you leave the airport, head to your bus and avoid taxis and timeshare people. If you are thirsty, you can get a Dominican beer outside of the airport for your bus ride to the resort.TransferTour group transfer was quick, efficient and polite. Brief explanation about the country and orientation session on the bus and then a quick 30-min bus ride and you are there. Check-inSince you are arriving with a bus load of people and perhaps other busses depending on when you get there, it could be a quick or longer process. Our process was nice and quick although our rooms were not ready (it was noon when we arrived, check in is at 3pm). No problem, they tagged our bags and we were shown where we could change if we wanted and where the bar was. Grabbed a quick drink and we were off. Luckily one of our group had their room ready so we went to the room to change and get ready to go for lunch.GroundsImmaculate. It seems that there is not a blade of grass out of place, palm tree needing a trimming, or walkway needing a washing. They are also very expansive so if you don鈥檛 like walking, you should be ready to take the free resort train shuttle or the smaller 鈥渢ip鈥?golf-carts. Certain days the groundskeepers are taking coconuts down from the trees and they will cut you one to drink or to use as a beverage holder. They are appreciative of a buck or 2.RoomsVery nice rooms. Some rooms had the bathtub in the bathroom, others were in the room, depending on the type of room you had. We were in the 2000 block closest to the Punta Cana main pool and closest to the beach and Villa 74. Rooms are clean and nicely decorated. The plugs are a bit annoying. Behind the TV are better plugs in case you want to charge something up. If you have a lot of electronics you might want to buy a $1 extension cord from the dollar store before you leave if you don鈥檛 want to have to pull the tv out from the wall a bit. The beds were a bit harder than I would like, but there were extra pillows as needed. Usually we were so tired from a long day that the beds didn鈥檛 really matter and we just fell asleep immediately. TV has English and Spanish stations. Every channel has a different volume, so a high volume on one channel may be a low volume on another so careful. There is a free safe as well. The fridge is restocked daily with beer, soft drinks and water, if you don鈥檛 get any item, just call reception and they will send someone pretty quickly. Don鈥檛 use the tap water for anything except for showering.PoolsWe only made it to two of the pools, both of which were at the Punta Cana section. They are both very large and nice and cool (maybe 78-80F). The one closest to the beach has the smallest lounging area around it and is where the activities took place most afternoons. So if you are looking for a lively scene with lots to do and see, this one is best, but you have to get there early for a lounger as there is not a lot of space. The other pool was much larger and had a separate kids section and also a smaller circle pool. There was a lot more lounging space and more loungers so it is easier to get spots here, but you still have to be early. The pool bartender here, William, was the best! Also, there is a deep part of this pool in the middle, watch out if you are walking to the swim up bar, if you aren鈥檛 paying attention you could be getting a lot wetter than you wanted haha.BeachBeautiful white sandy beach with very warm (warmer than the pool) water. Lounger are everywhere and the beach gets busy from the early morning till early afternoon (when the sun is at its highest). There is a consistent breeze which can either be annoying to some or nice and refreshing to others. The water is relatively shallow, but depending on how wavy it is, it could get deeper earlier than later.DrinksBars are everywhere, so you don鈥檛 go thirsty. There are 5 kiosks on the beach and at least 2 at every pool plus in the lobby, casino, disco, theatres etc鈥?Not having a drink is not a problem here. Liquor is not brand name that you will recognize, but after one or two they taste the same. Beer is draft and is Presidente. It isn鈥檛 the best, but its not undrinkable (tastes a bit like a bud light maybe or something like that). Try a mamajauna they are very excited when you order one. If the service is good or you are ordering a large number of drinks at a time, a tip here and there is appreciated but not necessary in order to receive service. Three times a week there is champagne breakfasts with champagne and orange juice. There is also wine served with lunch and dinner. Pop is everywhere and bottled water is as well.ShowsThere are nightly shows at one of the two (or three?) theatres. They are ok and usually involved a bit of audience participation, especially the Mr. Palladium show (we were in it鈥?for 3 hours almost鈥?it was a lot of fun and we scored a bottle of rum for our troubles). The Michael Jackson shows is the most entertaining and they do a really good job. If you go to any of them, I would recommend the Michael Jackson show for sure.DiscoThe disco opens every night at 11pm and goes until about 3am. On Saturday we noticed it was mostly local music. Other nights it was a mixture of local music and dance, hip hop, RB, pop etc鈥?but nothing very recent within the last year or 2. The disco is what you make of it. It gets loud and can get very busy, but if you are outgoing and want to have some fun it鈥檚 a good time. The animation team is in there to get people dancing. There is a second floor if you want a bit more peace and quiet away from the action.FoodThere are buffets and a la cartes for your dining needs. For breakfast and lunch only the buffet restaurants are open. There is a wide assortment of food that should accommodate any and everyone鈥檚 taste. Remember, you are in a foreign country so their food may be a bit different than what you are expecting. It was not hard to get a table at any of the buffets, especially being a group of 9. For dinner you have the choice of the buffet or the a la cartes. This resort uses a pager style system so in essence you have unlimited a la carte dining experiences if you don鈥檛 mind waiting a bit for them. We ate at the Italian, Mexican, Spanish, and international a la cartes. All of them were excellent. With regard to waiting times, we had to wait for all of them because (a) we were a group of 9 that wanted to be seated together and (b) we went at peak times (around 8pm). Waiting is not a problem in my opinion as we would hang out in the lobby bar or walk around the resort a bit. The longest wait by far was for the Italian. The shortest was for the Spanish and International (the international is a bit out of the way and remote, so it had the smallest line, but also some of the best food鈥?steaks and lobsters and seafood). A word about the food, if you are unsure about it and think you might get sick if you eat it, then don鈥檛 eat it. Just because they have a great looking filet of fish but you don鈥檛 normally eat fish, don鈥檛 order the fish. No one in our group got sick from the food and we all ordered very different meals each time. We ate at the buffet twice. Once on Dominican night and once on Italian night. I wasn鈥檛 a fan personally of the Dominican selection but everyone else enjoyed it.General NotesThere are a lot of Europeans at the resort so expect not a lot of English, a lot of toplessness, and a lot of speedos. Either join in, move your lounger location or relax and enjoy your vacation. There are lots of people on the beach selling stuff from timeshares to excursions to pictures with wild animals etc鈥?If you are interested, they will talk to you if you are not, then a simple 鈥渘o gracias鈥?will suffice. If you look busy or sleeping, or reading, you will not be bothered. PositivesThe wide selection of food and drink opportunitiesThe cleanliness of the resortThe size of the resortThe amenitiesThe beaches and poolsConsBathroom locations are hit and miss. They are not where you would logically think they are (e.g., in the theatre, in the disco, in the restaurant). Rather, they are outside and around the corner, or a 300m walk from the beach. Not a huge deal but a bit of an inconvenience.Room noise can be a bit much if you are on the ground floor in the 2000, 3000, or 4000 blocks as they are closest to the pools so lots of people coming and going and the early morning grounds keeper activities.Lounger game. Yes it鈥檚 annoying, but it鈥檚 at every resort. If someone wants to get up at 6am to go and reserve their spot by the pool, which is their prerogative. If you want the same spot, you should do the same. I was an early riser in our group so I would go to the beach or pool and set aside a number of loungers for our group until they came to join me. But I would usually go to the less than prime areas, e.g., direct sun, not under a palapa or not directly poolside but a 10 step walk to the edge.Excursion. We booked an excursion to Catalina Island off someone on the beach and it wasn鈥檛 what we thought it would be. While we saved a lot of money vs. booking with our tour operator, we felt that the value and experience wasn鈥檛 what it was cracked up to be. Catalina Island is very nice though.Pool / Beach side food. There was no snack bar or other place to get a quick bite to eat while pool side. I have been to other resorts where there is some sort of snack by the pool and beach should you get the munchies between meals.Overall it was an excellent vacation; hope the long review makes it easier to choose where you spend your vacation dollars.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>r0ving
<Content>great resort We arrived as a large group at check-in and they immediately put on more staff to accommodate us. Initially, I was disappointed in our room, which was in the 2000 block, but after a couple of days, I was happy with how close it was to both the pool and the beach. Our jacuzzi tub was enclosed in the bathroom which I liked since I was traveling with my female friend. The beach and the weather were both great, which can be said for most of Punta Cana. This is my fifth trip to the Dominican and I can honestly say this resort was one of the best I've stayed in and I have never stayed in less than a four star. The room was clean, the beds were comfortable and the jacuzzi tub was great. We did experience some shortage of hot water, but eventually we got some. The pillows are flat and not very comfortable but they will bring you some better pillows if you call customer service and ask for them. I have rarely stayed at a resort in the Dominican that offered face cloths, bring one with you and leave it there. As for the towel game, who really expects to find a prime spot on the beach or the pool after 10 am? If you want a prime spot get up and stake out your area, this is all part of the Dominican experience. This resort is big, but once you know your way around you can walk anywhere, but try the train once it is alot of fun. The food at the buffet was great, if you can't find something here to eat, you aren't really hungary. The drinks were plentiful and tasted great after a day in the sun. If you have booked this resort ignore the bad reviews, this resort does not deserve them, if you are looking for a good solid resort go ahead and book this one, you will not be disappointed.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Jezandmandy
<Content>A great experience overall       The lovely room  
<Date>Dec 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	3	4	5	

<Author>Halo11
<Content>A bit disapointed This was our second stay in the D.R. (we stayed at Ocean Sand in February 2008) so we had some kind of expectations.On first view it's obvious that the Palladium is a big resort however as two healthy adults there really is not a necessity to use a train if you are staying in the Punta Cana section as you are in the middle of all three resorts (we used it once on our first night to try and orientate ourselves). We could walk anywhere in 5/6 minutes and with all the food you're eating, it's no bad thing!!We had booked a standard room and were initially allocated room 2002 (one of the blocks leading to the beach). When we got to our room, we were really disappointed - after seeing all the lovely pictures of the rooms with the jacuzzi tubs in the room our room was really dark, on the ground floor and had a really small balcony.I understand they can't meet all requests, however I went to the front desk that evening to see if we could move - was told resort was fully booked, no can do! So we thought we would make the best of it as we don't generally spend that much time in the room.That night my husband got up to use the bathroom and found cockroaches on the bedroom floor. I understand that in hot countries you get bugs, but we were here for two weeks and there is just something so horrible about cockroaches,Next day we went back to reception, saw the same guy, same response until a manager happened to come walking past, and somehow that triggered a well we could move you to a villa room today. Perfect! We were moved to room 6518 and couldn't be happier.Buffet Food - All lovely apart from the standard of the meat. Saying that, I am a picky eater so you may go there and love it. I ate pretty much as a vegetarian as the meat was fatty and chewy.A la Carte's - Starters were fantastic, main courses were not so good. In the Mexican we ordered one of each of the four starters (between us) and skipped the main course.People - Very friendly staff and we didn't feel the necessity to tip for every drink like at the Ocean Sand (probably due to a lot fewer Americans).Punta Cana section is around 80% German, Spanish, French. It was very rare to hear another English, American or Canadian accent.Sunbeds at the pool - oh my goodness, we have travelled pretty widely and never before have I had to set an alarm for 6AM (!!!!!) to get a sunbed. If you were any later than 6.20am you would be lying on the concrete. This may have been a really super busy week, but was a bit of a nightmare. You feel absolutly stupid walking around in the dark at 6am putting out a towel but after a couple of days of laying on the concrete you will be doing the same!Beach - this hotel is situated on a very slim stretch of sand and was pretty packed, so maybe don't go expecting to take quiet romantic walks down the beach.I hope this doesn't sound like a really negative review, as I'm sure if you go here you will have a good time, we did, but I'm not sure it deserves to be marked on here as 10th best. It's a good budget hotel - and obviously if you get a good deal then a couple of weeks away from work having somebody cooking your meals and cleaning your room is never bad.I think one of the earlier reviewers hit the nail on the head it's like Butlins but 1000 times better - if you're comparing it to Butlin's you will think it's fantastic. If you are comparing it to another 4* in the Caribbean, you may be disappointed  
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	4	2	

<Author>Biggyhiggy
<Content>An Average Resort... My husband and I returned from the Grand Palladium Punta Cana yesterday. We are in our early thirties and this is our second Caribbean experience, our first in Cuba/Varadero. We booked our vacation through Signature Vacations and flew with Sky Service. Sky Service is of course not the best airline to travel with, but one gets what one pays for. We arrived at the resort at 1 o`clock in the afternoon. Our check in was fairly quick, however, our room was not ready for an hour after our arrival. While waiting we had lunch and couple of drinks and thought the hotel grounds were well kept and very nice. Our room was 7325 which was close to the Grand Palladium Punta Cana Pool and not far from the beach. It was also really close to the Punta Cana section dining buffet. Our roomwas spacious and very clean. The king size bed was very comfortable, the fridge was filled with soft drinks and beer (replenished every other day), and there was an iron and ironing board as well as a hair dryer available for our use. Although we were somewhat satisfied with the resort and what it had to offer, we had a few bumps in the road. We thought the weakest point of the resort was housekeeping; in particular we had some issues with towels. They took our towels away after the first day and didn't give us even hand towels until our 4th day. If I hadn't asked for bath towels, we likely would have been without any towels for a number of days. Each day We left a dollar tip for our chamber maid, and one day she simply took the tip and didnt touch anything, not even making our bed.Beach towels were free and you can refresh them every day, so no need to bring your own beach towels. In my opinion,the biggest obstacle was to get a chair at the pool or even at the beach. If you wanted a chair under shade you had to get up at six o`clock in the morning to reserve them. There is enough space around the pool, but not enough chairs. It is impossible to get a chair at the pool after 8am! We actually prefered the beach over the pool, but in this resorts case we had to opt for the pool as it was extremely windy at the beach. Maybe it was the season but it was very windy. The punta cana section pool was a little inland and therefore was protected. I was a little dissapointed with the beach, as it was sort of small and there was not nearly enough chairs. I think due to the season it was extremely windy and the ocean was rough. I was expecting to enjoy pristine water, but thatdidnt happen. The food was not great, although definetely tolerable. I am a very picky eater and I usually found something to eat. We learned a lesson from the previous Caribbean experience in not experimenting with the a la carte restaurants. I think you have many more choices at the buffet and you can find something you can tolerate or even enjoy, if you dont like your food at the restaurant you end up hungry and frustrated.. The hotel staff was very friendly, and we didnt encounter any problems at all. I think if you approach them with a nice and friendly attitude they will respond accordingly. One problem with the staff was that, with the exception of the reception, they dont know English well, but getting by shouldn't be a problem. We noticed people didnt tip after meals or drinks when they leave the table, please do tip them a dollar or two, they work really hard!There are a couple things that really annoyed me that I feel obligated to mention: We didnt have hot water in our room on our last night until 9 oclock at night. The other thing is, we saw a coachroach in the hallway and the next day in our room, which was very surprising considering the cleanliness of the resort.We took 2 excursions, one called Bavaro Splash and the other Saona Island. I would recommend the both of them. One can enjoy riding a private speed boat and some basic snorkelling with the Bavaro Splash/speed venture. You could also have a great day experiencing the Saona Island tour. YOu should bring some water shoes for the Saona Island trip as it is fairly rocky on the island beach.All in all, we were satisfied with what we got for our money. You should know that, although it was advertised a 5 star resort it is more like a 4 star.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	3	3	2	

<Author>littledonut
<Content>Grand Palladium can be better. Food -Nothing special. Seafood was horrible but meats were good. Drinks -Too sugary and by 3-4pm, you'd feel like you couldn't have anymore. After 5-6 cocktails, we didn't even feel a slight buzz. I'd recommend the exclusive wine list available at the a la carte restaurants even though you have to pay additional money and this contradicts the idea of an all inclusive but they are totally worth it. The wines that were included under the all inclusive were truly nasty and I'm not a wine snob.Cleanliness -2 thumbs up. Service - Okay. People were friendly and courteous. My bf and I really liked some of the waiters there from the a la carte restaurants because they were more attentive. I've seen more enthusiastic and friently service in other all inclusive resorts.Beach - 2 thumbs up. Beach was gorgeous.Most Frustrating #1-Place was stingy with their towels. On the first day, we only had someone's USED towel. We requested additional clean towels from front desk and it took 1.5 hours along with an additional reminder call to front desk within that time. The rest of our stay, they never gave us face or hand towels - only 2 body towels.Most Frustrating #2-Sunbathing chairs. On the hotel information sheet, provided in your rooms, it's stated Do not reserve sunbathing chairs with your towels. However, the place doesn't even regulate their own rules and ppl there wake up at the crack of dawn to reserve chairs. Around 10am, practically all the chairs have already been taken. People just leave their towels there for the whole day so they can have access whenever they want. The hotel does nothing about it.Summary -We still had a good time on the beach. Resort food and service can be better but the place served its purpose - we were still relaxed and got some sun in a clean and sunny environment. There should be better resorts out there.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>liljoebs
<Content>Beautiful Resort This Resort is Beautiful. We went to this Resort as a Romantic Getaway and we were not disappointed. Had a wonderful time walking the beautiful grounds and enjoying the beautiful beach and water. Never left the Resort and really never felt the need too had plenty too see and do on the grounds. We just loved it and will be going back soon.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>welshnames
<Content>3rd visit coming-up We were there Nov. 2006 decided to return Nov. 2008  have just booked for Jan. 2009 this time bringing family with us. The only complaint we had was shortage of sunbeds on the beach  around the pool areas. We have stayed in block 2000  last time in block 3000. All the staff we met were very friendly  helpful. Looking forward to the Jan. holiday. Any question feel free to ask.Carol  Gwilym Williams  
<Date>Dec 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>La_Mujere
<Content>Awesome as always! My husband, son and I stayed at the G.P. Punta Cana the first week of December. This is my 4th time at this hotel in the past 2 years and I was once again impressed with the service and the facilities and accommodations. I have stayed at other hotels in Punta Cana (including the Gran Bahia Principe, the Majestic Colonial and the Tropical Princess) and I must admit that the Grand Palladium far exceeds my expectations especially with regards to service. Particularly, the service at the Reception is what brought me to book again at the Palladium: it is friendly and efficient! We did encounter a problem with the room we were first assigned and we therefore asked for another room (the seal on the patio doors was broken and moisture had accumulated inside them making it difficult for us to see through them and enjoy the beautiful view of the pool). Rafael, the manager at Reception is extremely efficient and immediately re-assigned us to another room and gave us VIP bracelets to compensate for our troubles. Rafael then later checked on us to make sure that everything was ok and that we were satisfied with our room. Now that is what I call personalized, friendly service! Rafael certainly helped make our stay a very enjoyable one. The service at Reception is very important to us because we realize that not everything can be perfect (at any hotel) but that if you have Reception staff that are attentive to your needs and are ready to rectify any problem that comes up, it makes a big difference in being able to enjoy a stress-free vacation.As for the amenities, the rooms are spacious, clean and well furnished. The beds are a bit hard, but comfortable enough. The fridge is stocked every day. The water pressure and temperature is very good. The food is delicious and well assorted. There is a different theme every day. We ate mostly at the main buffet restaurant (Belhique) and the beach restaurant (Uva). We did not try any of the A la Carte, so cannot comment on them, but overheard other tourists making very favorable comments. I am a very picky eater, but I always eat very well at the Palladium. The choice of food is very good, and the bread is very delicious. The service is always very friendly and efficient. Some of the waitresses and waiters actually remembered me from previous stays! Again, the personalized and friendly service is remarkable!The pool and pool area are very clean and very beautiful. But the beach is really what brings us to Punta Cana. It is absolutely gorgeous and paradise-like! I personally prefer the G.P. beach to the one at the Gran Bahia Principe because it never has any build-up of sea grass in the water. (The beach at the Gran Bahia Principe where I have stayed twice sometimes has huge accumulations of sea grass in the water that makes it unpleasant to swim on certain days. But I have never encountered this problem at the G.P.) . As for reserving lounge chairs early in the morning, this is true of any of the hotels I have stayed in Punta Cana, including the G.P. However, this seems to be less of a problem at the G.P. (you can still usually find chairs past 9:00 a.m.).Overall, our stay at the G.P. has always been very enjoyable and I highly recommend this hotel, especially for its friendly service, very clean amenities and well-designed layout . And also, you get a lot of value for your dollar at the G.P. compared to other hotels that are more costly, yet not really nicer or better. I have already sent quite a few of my friends to the G.P. and they have all come back with very positive feedback as well.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Rafstafarian
<Content>I wouldn't go back 4 stars? I think not.Truth be told, Punta Cana is a beautiful place but I probably wouldn鈥檛 go back there anytime soon. This is because of the terrible service and attitude we received while we stayed at this resort. The simple truth of the matter is all the negative and bad things that happened to us while we were there outweighed all the good things.For starters, the layout of the resort is stupid. You have hotels on one side of the resort, and you have the restaurants and sports bar on the other side. To get to these attractions, you need to wait 10 minutes for the train to come. Then you need to find a seat on this packed train (or wait another 10 minutes for the next one), take a 15 minute train ride to the other side of the resort to visit one of the a la cart restaurants. Once there, you will be told that there is a wait time of anywhere from an hour to two hours (for a party of 5), and that you will need to take a pager and they will call you. Oh yeah, they also don鈥檛 take reservations (unless you stay in the suites).Sunchairs. Every review I read said there were plenty available and were not an issue. Every morning someone from our group would wake up at 6:30am to reserve 5 chairs. Otherwise, by 8am there was not a single chair available. We learned this the hard way the first day.鈥淒o you like to snorkel? Scuba? Dune Buggyy? Atv? Speedboat? Fishing? Be prepared to say yes or no a hundred times!! My God, I have never been so annoyed in my entire life. We were seriously asked if we wanted to participate in one of these activities at least 20 times a day. This is not an exaggerated number. Sometimes you鈥檇 get up to go to the washroom and in a span of 100 meters 3 different people would come up to you with their binder trying to get you to sign up for something.Service overall was hit and miss. Some of the waiters were very nice and we tipped them extremely well. By far the best bartender on the entire resort is William. He usually works the swim up bar in the pool with the deep end. All the other bartenders are hit and miss. Sometimes the drinks taste the same, sometimes they don鈥檛. There鈥檚 no consistency. But that鈥檚 just the bartenders. The lobby waiters who ask you if you want a drink are nowhere to be seen. That鈥檚 more of managements fault though because there was usually only one person working the entire lobby. Restaurant waiters were hit and miss as well. Browlio (who works at multiple restaurants) was the only good waiter in my opinion. The rest of the waiters were just doing their job as far as I鈥檓 concerned. The waitress in the Mexican a la cart showed up with this attitude and asked 鈥測eah what do you want鈥?which was her way of saying 鈥淗i welcome, what can I get for you?鈥?br/>The maids... Here is where things get interesting. The rooms are nice, and relatively clean. But there are some issues. The bed covers are not washed between guests (you can tell because they smell funky). The white bed sheets were clean though. Towels were ridiculous. No consistency what so ever. One maid would come in the morning (9am) to remove your towels. Another maid would come later to give you fresh towels (hopefully). I have a feeling they did things this way because they didn鈥檛 have enough towels to go around and would rewash the same towels every day. Otherwise this was just impractical. Another maid would come to make your bed and I guess tidy up. So when you tip the maid, I鈥檓 not sure who exactly gets this money. Two funny side notes, 1) there was a half drank bottle of beer next to my tv for the entire duration of my visit. One of the previous guests must have left it there. I was curious to see how long it would take the maids to clean it. It was still there by the time I left. 2) The maids don鈥檛 knock (hola/hello housekeeping is not in their vocabulary). One of my friends was on the toilet while the maid walked into the room and then the washroom (without knocking on either door). The rooms in general were quite nice. The pictures are a little misleading though. The jacuzzi is your bathtub and it is in the washroom. In the pictures I saw prior to going, it was located in your main room. This might be the case in the suites. Not a huge deal, but it was a little disappointing.Food. Not bad, but not great. Food is one of these things that many of us might disagree on. What I might consider great, you might consider disgusting, and vice versa. So I鈥檒l keep things very generalized. The selection at the main buffet was great, but it was the same menu every day. Everything is fried. Pan fried, deep fried, it has a lot of oil. The a la carts are a bit better in terms of quality. But try getting into one without a reservation (one hour wait minimum if you show up after 7:30pm). I didn鈥檛 get sick, but two of my friends did (2 out of a group of 5 鈥?those aren鈥檛 good odds).On a side note 鈥?take gravel, tums,  pepto bismol with you. You will definitely need something for the heart burn after all those citrus alcoholic beverages and all the oil you will consume. There is a store in which you can buy these things (as well as sunscreen, sunglasses, clothes, souvenirs, etc), but be prepared to get ripped off. Tums which cost $2.50 CND, was $11 USD there. Sunscreen - $5 dollars here, $20 there.The shops in general were pretty stupid. Very over priced, bad service (big surprise), and don鈥檛 go by the hours in the window because they don鈥檛 believe in them and neither should you. If you鈥檙e going to buy alcohol, wait until you get to the duty free in the airport.I could keep going, but I think I鈥檝e made my point. The negative outweighed the positive. All the things that are suppose to make this resort a 4 star were not there.Final point 鈥?I would recommend this place to families because the staff loves kids. This was very obvious and I was glad to see them treating someone right. I went on vacation with two couples. Single guys 鈥?this is not the resort for you. lol. I cannot stress this point enough. Punta Cana is very much a couples / family destination.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	5	1	1	

<Author>Cassandra23
<Content>Disappointed...Don't waste your money! We just returned from the Grand Palladium Punta Cana Resort  Spa, and we were quite disappointed. We have stayed in Punta Cana one previous time at a lower-rated star hotel, plus trips to Mayan Riviera in Mexico and Cayo Santa Maria in Cuba (5 stars). We also did a lot of research prior to booking this particular resort, and thought it would be a good option for the money. However, this was easily, by far, the worst resort we鈥檝e ever stayed at. Here鈥檚 a synopsis of the good points and the bad points.Check-in was quick and easy. We arrived late (10pm) and room keys did not work the first time, but that was rectified easily. Bell boys seemed fairly good, were friendly, courteous and did their job. After that, things seemed to slide downhill 鈥?fast.The room was fairly nice and spacious (nothing exciting, but acceptable); however, like other reviewers mentioned, the mattress was hard, the pillows were lumpy and the linens were absolutely disgusting and smelly. I had to spray the linens with my perfumed bath spray every night just to get rid of the smell, so that I could sleep! Although we tipped the maid each and every day, we always received inconsistent service. We never received any face towels, only a floor towel once (the first day we got there), hand towels twice and were forced to use our regular bath towels as hand and floor towels. No cute towel animals or decorations either.The service overall at this resort was terrible! Good service was few and far between. It got to the point where we would be shocked if someone even approached us at the lobby or bar and asked us if we needed a drink. Most servers at the restaurants, lobbies, or shows were indifferent and didn鈥檛 seem to care either which way if they performed their jobs or not. Apparently it is also incomprehensible when someone asks for hot tea and milk! Food was OK 鈥?nothing terrible, but nothing great, just the standard all-inclusive fare. (Although I did enjoy the cr锚pes at dinner and frozen ice-cream at all the buffets.) We couldn鈥檛 really comment on any of the 谩 la carte restaurants, since their 鈥渘o reservations鈥?policy is absolutely ridiculous!! We typically really enjoy 谩 la carte restaurants, and at other resorts we have stayed in, we always diligently made our entitled 3 to 4 谩 la carte reservations the first day we arrive, so that we can try a large variety. We had heard the Italian 谩 la carte restaurant was quite good and arrived early at 6:50pm so that we could get in. By that time, there was a line-up out the door and we were told we would have to be put on a list and handed a lighted pager that would flash once a seat became available (but with no estimation of how long it would take). After an hour and a half, the pager went off, and we were finally seated. (Please note I had to go the buffet before that to get something to eat, because I was so hungry and couldn鈥檛 wait anymore.) We received our food after about 45 mins. after being seated, so the total wait time was over 2 hours! The food was OK, but no food is worth wasting all of your precious time sitting around waiting.Another irritating experience was the lack of beach or pool chairs! Never in our lives have we experienced such a frustrating experience! Each day, around 8:30am or 9am, we would take our customary stroll to every single pool and at least a 30 minute walk around the entire beach, just looking for some beach chairs. Now, since we are not super-early risers, we do not expect the best choices available and don鈥檛 expect any seats under the teepees/huts either鈥owever, at other resorts, we have always been able to at least find something or a chair within 5 to 10 mins of arriving. And it is not for lack of space either鈥he pools had plenty of space available and so did the beach, but there were just no chairs to be found anywhere! We felt like it was some sort of 鈥済ame鈥?each day鈥e had to constantly keep our eyes open in case someone left their chairs, so that finally we could pounce on them before anyone else did. A lot of times, people were forced to lay their towels down on the grass by the pool or the sand on the beach.They also had a trolley come by supposedly 鈥渆very 10 minutes鈥?to take you around the resort, but it was really at least 20 to 30 minutes at least. We were late for the shows and couldn鈥檛 plan proper dinner appointments, since we could never be sure of when the trolley would show up! You would either be 30 minutes late or 30 minutes too early, depending on when the trolley would even show up. Between the hours of 6pm and 9pm, you would be lucky if the trolley wasn鈥檛 piled full of people. Please keep in mind we like to walk, but during dinner hours, if you are dressed up, you don鈥檛 necessarily want to walk 15 minutes in heels just to get to a restaurant.Other overall comments:The resort was extremely full and busy during this week and there were a lot of European travelers. A lot more French and German and Spanish being spoken than English. We don鈥檛 mind the resort being full, as long as the service levels are good, but it clearly wasn鈥檛.They also advertise it鈥檚 like having 3 resorts in 1, but we are not sure this was necessarily a good thing. This means you have 3 times the amount of people using the same resources, such as the gym, the spa, the pools, the trolley, etc鈥?br/>The size of the various pools was quiet small compared to other resorts we have stayed in. The gym was quite nice and well-equipped for a resort (can鈥檛 expect top notch equipment like at home) and the sports centre was quite impressive and one of the biggest we鈥檝e seen. You can play tennis, ping pong, mini-golf, badminton, soccer, and badminton鈥ut keep in mind that tennis is extremely popular for some reason and you can only make reservations 24 hours beforehand and not 48 hours ahead. All the courts are always full between the prime hours of 3pm 鈥?7pm. The newly renovated spa we also enjoyed with free access to the steam room, sauna, Jacuzzi, and pool, however, you also had to reserve 24 hours in advance and couldn鈥檛 reserve more ahead than that, so it was likely you were stuck reserving for a time that wasn鈥檛 convenient. I also saw a sign advertising a hand and foot massage special, and when I inquired about this service to book a time, I was told by one person that you could only book between the hours of 12pm and 3pm. I came back the next day and asked another person about the massage special and was told this time, that the special was old and last month鈥檚 special. Just another prime example of how something so simple can be so frustrating and irritating. That would basically describe our overall experience the whole time we were there: Irritated and Frustrating. Although the one thing that really stands out for us: The resort was very clean. All the bathrooms (even the one by the pool and beach) were cleaned numerous times per day. Apparently the Grand Palladium has managed to hire really great cleaning staff, but not much of anything else. The weather was fantastic, the beach and white powdery sand were gorgeous almost every day, but this had nothing to do with the resort. We still think Punta Cana in general, is still a great place to have a vacation, but please do not waste your hard earned money and time-off at this horrible Grand Palladium resort. We will never again stay at any Fiesta Group owned and managed hotels  resorts, and we hope you won鈥檛 either.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	4	3	1	-1	

<Author>Buzzy82
<Content>Fantastic Vacation! Had an absolutely fantastic time at Grand Palladium Punta Cana Resort - one of four hotels in Grand Palladium complex located on the Bavaro Beach.Beach: Awesome white sand beach with turqoise waters. Lots of space, at times was a bit crowded, but I suppose this is expected from such a popular resort in winter time. Beach chairs get reserved very fast early mornings, so making it to the beach by 8 a.m. is good time to find a spot (probably even earlier in peak travel times). Beach towels are provided.Food: Nothing to say but great. Lots of variety. 5 a la carte restaurants available - reservations were not required, just show up. Buffet breakfasts, lunches and dinners available at different locations throughout the complex. Dinners had different themed nights i.e. spanish, italian, american, etc cuisines.Rooms: Quite spacious and well maintained. Mini-fridge was filled up everyday, as opposed to 3 days a week as was indicated in the description of the package. IPod docking station available. Safe is free and works on electronic code.Grounds: Beautiful and also well maintained. Lots of vegetation.Entertainment: Although we did not do that much, nightly shows are performed in the theatres. Casino and disco also located on premises. Fine just to chill at the bar or in the lobby with a few drinks. Daily activities by animation staff, I guess, are standard like in other hotels - sports, dance lessons, contests etc.Staff: Staff was friendly.Shopping: Some stores are located at various parts of the complex - from basic needs to souvenirs etc; nothing fancy I guess.Would definately come back to this resort and stay longer!!!  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>EmmettsMum
<Content>Fabulous Family Vacation!!!!       Pool  Pool Bar in Punta Cana section, near El Behique buffet  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>laurapNorfolk
<Content>Great holiday We have just returned from 2 weeks at the Grand Palladium Punta Cana Resort and Spa. The hotel grounds and public areas were kept very clean and the gardens were amazing! the only thing that let the hotel down was our room! we paid to have a junior suite with a seaview but were put in a loft suite with no sea view advised reception we were in wrong room and the rude reception staff told us to pay $20 per person per night to get our seaview which we were not happy with. On arrival in our room the mini bar was empty, had no bath towels and tiles had fallen off the wall near our jaquzzi bath our bed sheets were stained and had holes in also the shower leaked also tv did not work very well and we experienced 3 power cuts each lasting around 10 mins there were no emergency lighting in the rooms or in the public areas so there was a complete blackout! also our hairdryer plug did not fit into the wall properly so experienced a few unsafe sparks! This was our only complaint with the hotel. The evening entertainment was the best i have ever since fantastic dance acts especially michael jackson you must see this show! the food was of a good standard we only ate in the buffet every night as there was always a good choice of food. They always had chips and a pizza/pasta bar, salad bar and a good choice of good hot meats and deserts are amazing so be prepared to put on a pound or two! the buffet staff were sometimes plesant but did like to shout animal noises across the restaurant which we did not think was appropriate! i have been to 2 other caribbean islands and this has the best beach! there are so many excursions to choose from we did the buggy extreme. You can do anything from watersports to a monster truck safari, the beach always had security so we felt really safe and the only people on the beach othe that tourists were the excursion sellers they hardly approached us but when they did we politely said no and they left you alone. The mini train is great fun and a great way to get around the resort. So a great holiday overall the only thing that let it down was the room! and a few staff members mainly reception staff!  
<Date>Nov 28, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	5	5	2	3	5	

<Author>rushboyz
<Content>Can you give a place less than one STAR       Broken Sign  
<Date>Nov 27, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	1	

<Author>GSD1
<Content>Terrible RoomsWe booked for 2 weeks at Grand Palladium Bavaro hotel and was put into a double room in Punta Cana. There are three hotels in the complex and you can be put into anyone of these hotels, regardless of the hotel you book.The jacuzzi bath didn't have a plug, the hairdryer overheated and was dangerous. The safe didn't work. The room was dark and there was only one light bulb working. The hotel is 15 years old and badly needs renovating. We complained and we were given an alternative room 3 days later.FoodThe food was awful. Meat was very salty, fruit and veg was bland, although the pineapple and the bread is good. In general food was lukewarm. We tried the Mexican and Oriental al a carte (there are 5 al a carte鈥檚 in total) and couldn鈥檛 eat the food. We didn鈥檛 even try the other al a cartes鈥t was too embarrassing to leave whole plates of food, even though it was inedible.Also, you cannot book a reservation鈥e prepared to wait for up to an hour for an al a carte.EntertainmentThe entertainment is the awful. Even miming is beyond the entertainers. MusicMusic was played throughout the day around the pool, which is fine, except they played the same three songs over and over.There is nothing to do outside the hotel. Trips are expensive. For instance, to swim with Dolphins cost 拢300 through Thomson rep.We don鈥檛 usually turn the TV on during holidays, but there was so little to do, we thought we鈥檇 give it a go. However, the tv/satellite didn鈥檛 work.SunbedsYou鈥檙e not supposed to, but people must get up in the night to lay their towels on loungers. Be prepared to claim one by 7.00 am (you鈥檒l find many have been taken by then).Swimming PoolHad a yellow froth(?) in the Jacuzzi partStaffSome staff (waiters, entertainers find it amusing to bark like a dog, neigh and make cat noises. Were they trying to tell us something?Service was extremely slow even when tipped and in the main we found them unfriendly.TripsBe warned鈥?The hotel staff don鈥檛 seem to know who is in their lobby selling day trips. Some people bought day trips from people who were set up in the Bavaro reception, but when it came to the day of the trip, they found out that they had been scammed. In one instance the hotel did pay up after being pestered everyday for a week.On the up side鈥?br/>the hotel is very clean, the toilets are the cleanest we have ever seen. The gardens are stunning and the beach is lovely.Finally鈥n the past we have been to Cuba, Barbados and Mexico and have had a fabulous time. If the Dominican Republic had been our first trip to the Carribean, we would never have tried it again.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	3	4	2	-1	-1	

<Author>Sako1327
<Content>Fabulous Getaway       The Pool  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	2	5	3	

<Author>Ave4one
<Content>Relaxed at the Palladium We just got back from the Palladium Punta Cana. We did a lot of research and read lots of reviews and this narrowed our search to go there. This was the first time for us in the Dominican and have to say it was a great trip with few problems. We were 2 families of 4 including 4 teens. We left Toronto on Skyservice and they have great service. Arriving at the airport you are greeted by 2 lovely ladies for a picture taking which you can pick up on your way back for $8 or more. Got our luggage and were told to stand in a line with hundreds of other people, in the heat, to find out what bus to load on for transfers. Our friends decided not too and found the bus on their own. They came and got us out of the line and we were off to the resort on air conditioned bus. The trip there was about 20 - 30 minutes. We got our rooms right away but our friends had to wait for theirs so we put their luggage in our room, changed and went to the buffet for lunch and explored the grounds which are so beautifully maintained. Make sure to take a train ride to get an idea of how big the property is and where everything is. Rooms: First thing we noticed in our room was a musty smell but once we turned the air on for a while the smell was not so bad. The air and lights will only work when you insert your room key in room so try to get an extra card. I did have a problem with the bed feeling dampish all week. Found the beds and pillows hard as well. I brought my own pillow and was so glad I did. I should have asked for another room but did not feel like going through the trouble. Other than that the room was very spacious and nice. The jacuzzi tub was in a very big bathroom and preferred that than having the tub in the middle of the room. We did find it a little hard to communicate with the staff but we managed to get what we needed and they worked very hard cleaning our rooms and making all those towel animals. May be helpful to learn a few Spanish words before you go like 'facecloth' and 'remote batteries' which we ran out of. Other than that we loved the location of our room. Block 2000, right by the pool, beach and buffet restaurant. Great for running back to your room for bathroom breaks. Beach: So beautiful and clean. Lots of chairs but you had to get up pretty early to reserve ones under the huts. Luckily we had early risers with us and were able to GET THOSE HUTS!!! Still lots of shady spots under the trees and a nice ocean breeze to keep you cool. Also loved the big waves to jump in.Restaurants: There were lots of restaurants to choose from and lots of choice. Did not need reservations for the a la cartes, but waited almost 2 hours to get into the italian since it was hard to accomadate our group of 8. We also tried the oriental(got in right away) and the seafood(not so great for my taste). They have beepers so you can walk around, so we decided to have a snack(well maybe more than a snack) at the buffet while we waited. The buffets are great though and have lots of choice and would have been happy eating there every night. Entertainment: We went to the shows every night and I have to say that they were interesting. They had the typical dancing, 'cruise type' shows. I don't really want to say anything bad about them because they worked very hard on their routines and costumes and did their best to entertain us. The Micheal Jackson show was our favorite, as many have said. The theatre is not air conditioned(outdoors), lots of smokers and got very hot so keep that in mind. Also mostly Spanish spoken during all the shows.The Animation Team worked hard at keeping people busy and entertained. Hearing CANADA and STEPHEN HARPER (They made sure to remind us he visited at the Royal Suites and tipped very well) echo towards us wherever we went was funny. You can tell they love their job and they would always notice when our daughters did not make it to the aerobics on the beach. The staff is very friendly wherever you go.We went shopping along the beach to the very pushy vendors, but you can get great deals if you like to bargain. Do not go alone, have a plan on prices you are willing to pay and have smaller bills so you don't have to ask for change. Its easier to tell them you only have so much to spend. We got a price of $36 for one item and bargained them down to $15. DONT FORGET: Adapter for electrical items, Small bills for tipping, Pepto Bismo (just in case), Don't brush your teeth with tap water(plenty of bottled water in room and at the bars)Overall we had a great time and we all loved it.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	3	-1	

<Author>SharronCanada
<Content>3 stars at best!!! - And that's a stretch. In four years, this was our seventh trip to the Dominican and fourth to Puna Cana, from Nov. 9-16. The Gran Palladium Punta Cana was the worst of the resorts we have stayed in. We had very good vacations in two Bahia Principes, the Grand Ventanna and even the old Occidental Allegro in Punta Cana. For us this resort simply did not live up to the other reviews we read or the brochure presentation.The room wad dated and damp, fresh towels were hit or miss and the pillows were the flatest ever seen. Even though we left small gifts and cash tips on the flat pillow every morning- we did not once get towel animals or flowers on the beds. Such a small thing I know, but still in 7 vacations this is the only time we did not see them.Food in the buffets was typical Dominican resort fare - not bad- not great. The a la cartes were a joke. They say no reservations needed but try to get in - very busy and you are handed a beeper with no indication of how long it will be.We did manage to get seated right away at the International restaurant (on the Bavaro side of the resort) and on the recommendation of another guest ordered the T-Bone steak. We did receive our appetizers and soup then waited and waited and waited. After 45 minutes a question to the waiter revealed that there was a mix up and some one else got our steaks. Isn't it a waiter's job to keep track of his orders? Finally, an hour after ordering they arrived. Medium steaks were rare and medium rare was blue rare. Not only were they tough and had to chew but the knives were so dull it was almost impossible to cut them. Three at our table ended up sharing the sharpest of the dull steak knives.As the resort is 3 in one and very spread out it is necessary to use the little train to get from one area to another. We don't really think there is a set schedule and they are few and far between. One hot sunny day at about three pm we got on the train after a long wait and after going maybe four stops, the driver stopped, told everyone to get off ( a dozen people) and that another train would be along in ten minutes. No explanation was given as to why - He just kicked everyone off and left. After half an hour in the hot sun we walked up to the Bavaro lobby and got a bellman to take us in a luggage cart to the Punta Cana lobby..Beach was OK but be warned there is quite a surf and the water is rough. The pool on the Punta Cana side near the buffet was fine but the other pool closest to the beach was dirty looking and had many tiles missing. This is the pool where the animation team finally seems to start moving at about 5 pm. This was the least animated group I've encountered. The leader had the same old response over and over to finding out someone was Canadian Stephan Harper - oh my god. There are two theatres and the shows on the Bavaro side were not bad but the ones at the Merangue on the Punta Cana side were pretty pathetic.If and when we return to the Dominican it will not be to the Grand Palladium. The best value for money is still the Bahia Principe in Rio San Juan (Peurto Plata) and the best we have stayed in is still the Bahia Principe in Punta Cana.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>easytopleaseToronto
<Content>great beach, good food and staff always bending backwards to please Just got back from the Grand Palladium Punta Cana(Nov 9 - nov16). I'm sure you will read good reviews and bad reviews and after a while, you will be just as confused as I was before I went for my vacation to this resort. I left my bag of complaints at home before I left, so I have nothing but good things to say about the facility! The beach is endless with no rocks or shells and beautiful soft white sand. There's no sign of any fish so if you plan on snorkeling, this is not the place.There are a lot of bare breasts on the beach and in the pools, but they are not dangerous and they don't bite! so just relax and go with the flow.The complex is huge with three hotels which are accessible to all guests, so you can have a choice of where you spend your time. You can choose a busy pool with lots of activity or a quiet area with little action.The room was clean, comfortable, roomy and well stocked with drinks such as water, soft drinks and beer. There's a jacuzzi in the room but the water pressure is so low it would take forever to fill up so plan on taking showers in the tub.I know that many reviews complain about the buffet restaurants but I found that there was plenty of choice (better than many places I've been to) and if you can't find something to please you, then you must be very picky. you can go to 4 different a la carte restaurants if you prefer and no reservations are needed.To conclude, it's a beautiful place with a great beach, decent food, good service and lots of nice people from all over the world to meet, so just go and enjoy.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	3	5	3	

<Author>HankSkonto
<Content>7 days of awesome.       Saona Island  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>J-oakville
<Content>We loved it! We were at Grand Palladium Punta Cana from Nov. 1st -8th. I can't say enough great things about the resort. I read plenty of reviews before going and I wasn't disappointed.The resort itself was beautiful. People talk about how big it is, and it is, but you don't need the trolley train to take you around. We walked everywhere, never more than 10 minutes and only took the train late at night when we were tired. The grounds are always maintained. We were in block 2000 on the third floor right above the pool and seconds to the beach. Definitely ask for 2000 or 3000. The pool was a lot of fun and we would sit there every afternoon (or by the pool bar - have Banana Mamas - they are addictive). We sat by the beach every morning. We didn't have problems with towels on the beach chairs as we were there at 8 in the morning and it wasn't busy season. Although there are several pools we liked the Punta Cana pool the best. Lots of activities around - I didn't participate but my boyfriend did (especially the daily beach volleyball).The buffets weren't bad. The one at the Bavaro was the best one (Le Cathedral). La Uva next to the Punta Cana pool had the least selection. We did 2 a la cartes - Italian (not bad) and International (food good but service horrible). After dinner we went to the Bavaro lobby. Always the busiest and definitely the place to go.We met some great people there and really had a lot of fun with them. We miss them already. It is possible to find english speaking people.The staff were great. The rooms were fine for what we needed. One day I tipped the guy who stocks the mini bar fridge (left money in there) and it was overstocked that night! Bring money for tipping - a lot of people didn't which was disappointing to see. My only 2 minor complaints:1) the beds are really hard - we hurt by mid-week2) it would be great if they had a grill by the beach so we wouldn't have to get dressed for a formal lunch every dayWe truly loved the resort and didn't want to leave. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone!!!!  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>bagghira1
<Content>Not 5 star at all!!!! We just got back from the Palladium last week and was a great disappointment! It was our 3rd trip to Dominican Rep, and certainly the worst.First of all, I can't understand how can they say they are 5 stars, when (in European measures) they are hardly 3!To be precise:ROOM: we have stayed in a twin room, as it was 2 of us going, the room has a whirlpool bath, which would be great, but not in the middle of the room! You simply dont have a bathroom, just a shower.For the 2 of us, there was not enough space in the wardrobe at all.The rooms are cleaned daily, we tipped the maid at the beginning, still no clean towels, she simply folded the dirty ones. The balcony door was full of dirty prints from the previous guest, hasn't been cleaned in the 2 weeks we've been there. The table is full of ants, no way to get rid of them.The mini bar was NOT filled up daily, however, that's what we have been told.We wanted to upgrade to a junior suite, for $15 pppn, but at the guest services they couldn't care less. We were willing to pay an extra $350, we arranged 3 viewings, but got turned downs as the guy at the desk couldn't be bothered. ( nice service!)RECEPTION is a nightmare. I have read in previous views how useless they are, can't agree more.After the first week, all of a sudden our roomkeys didn't work. We re-set them, but every day we had to and re-do it,which was annoying.One day, after a disaster day trip, at 6 in the evening, we couldn't get into our room again. (that was the 5th occasion!)I got down to reception, I was tired and [-] off, and asked the girl to do it. She said I have to wait until she checks in 8 guests. Now that is the sevice you get!!!POOLS are nice and cool but extremly dirty and stink of chlorine. After 9 no chance to get a lounger. BEACH is beautiful, but no housekeeping. No loungers after 0900.RESTAURANTS are wonderful, the food is excellent, great choice.I hope I was helping, I really dont want to sound as I can only critisise, but if you pay and expect a 5 star hotel, please choose another one.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	1	2	3	

<Author>Birch393
<Content>Very good Stayed at the Hotel for 15nights at the end of October with First Choice holidays. The weather was fantastic, couple of showers during our stay but other than that it was hot. The beach is beautiful but not very wide for sunbathing, we were always out there by 8.00 am and you could choose your spot unfortunately the second week everyone was up reserving beds by leaving towels on them then disappeared for ages. I felt sorry for people coming onto the beach to sunbath and all the beds were taken but no-one to be seen. I think that most of these people had beds by the pool as well. The rooms were spotlessly clean and the mini bar well stocked daily. We were in block 2000 which was central for the beach and restaurants. The a al Cartes generally were very good, reservations weren't required but we usually dined about 7.00 pm so was pretty quiet at that time but did get very busy later and people queued to get in. The food could be a bit hit and miss depending on how busy they were. On our last night we went to the Steak  Fish restaurant which was already very busy when we got there. We ordered T-Bone and Pork medallions with pepper sauce. We didn't have to wait too long which surprised us as it was so busy, unfortunately it was quick because the food wasn't cooked. My husband ordered his steak well done as from past experience in the restaurants this would mean rare to medium but the steak was literally raw, the outside was just about sealed but nearer the bone it was uncooked as was the same with the pork. It came in one big lump with sauce poured over the top. The outside edge was cooked but the rest was raw, not wanting to get food poisoning (uncooked pork) I left it. When eventually the waiter came to remove the plates we told him we were finished as the food wasn't cooked so he took them away and threw them in the bin and said nothing, so very disappointed and hungry we left. The staff were excellent especially in Hemingway's Bar and the drinks always served to perftection. Overall had a brilliant holiday and would reccommend anyone to go.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>tabowser
<Content>Holy Cow Increditble food and favilities couldn;y ask for a better place  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>daveandchrisplayer
<Content>This place is fabulous!       block 3000 as viewed from our room  
<Date>Nov 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Terrie202
<Content>Honest down to earth opionion from a Canadian eh! Lets cut right to the chase..Food-we are food snobs and enjoy home cooked meals with the freshest of ingredients, if you expect this you will be dissapointed. DONT GO FOR LOBSTER-TERRIBLE. Stay away from all the restaurants, they are worse than the buffet. Go to Jellyfish restaurant, its a 14.00 cab ride away and the resturant pays your way back. Lobster is fabulous! Jellyfish is right on the beach perfect for romance with an incredible ambiance. Room-Very clean, quiet. Bed was very soft. All channels and shows on t.vPool-Clean, perfect balance between activites and quiet time.Beach-AMAZING, this beach would meet the expectations of everyone. However there was no beach hut to grab a bite to eat while in your bathing wear. Staff-o.k not friendly or rude, They get the job done. Markets-don't go ..scary! Excursions-Dolphin Island 100.00 good not great but you get to touch dolphins and see them do tricks that's it. We took a great snokleing excursion for 30.00 right off the beach at the water activites hut. They took us on boat to a spectacular coral reef for 1 hour. SPA-Go and book the deal of the day. Monday's is 2 massages in tandem for 100.00 , you won't regret it. Summary:I would not go back but it served it's purpse, I had a very relaxing honeymoon and didn't have to worry about a thing! ahhhhGood luck!Terrie  
<Date>Nov 6, 2008
<Rating>3	5	5	4	5	4	2	4	

<Author>km224
<Content>Beautiful Resort!       Lobby  
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>staceyLeeds
<Content>Fantastic hotel, would go back tomorrow!!!!!!!! Myself and my fiance stayed at the Grand Palladium Punta Cana resort from the 6th - 20th October and i must say neither of us wanted to leave. We stayed in block 2000 which was close to the beach, reception and the lobby and our room 2128 was perfect. Our mini bar was stocked everyday with water, beer and soft drink and the maids cleaned the room everyday.The resort is huge so the train is a must if your a little lazy like me! It takes about 15 minutes to get around and you can just hop on an off as you like. The food in the main buffet restaurant was amazing with something different everynight. The only thing that we found a little annoying was the fact that my fiance didnt pack any long trousers so we couldn't dine in any of the a la carte restaurants, we thought he might have got away with wearing 3 quarter trousers but they were having none of it! nevermind the food in the buffet was very nice and there was so much to choose from we never got bored. The drinks in all the bars were really good an were pretty stong definately not watered down. The staff on the resort are brilliant there gave first class service from the guys at the beach and pool bars to the waiters in the restaurants there work so hard for very little money. The do appreciate little tips which we gave them every couple of days.All in all we had a fantastic holiday, met some great people and did some great trips, the monster truck, saona island and a catamaran cruise and were planning to go back for 2 weeks in 2010. Wish we could go back next year but were on honeymoon in mexico!!! Any questions don't hesitate to get in touch.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>AmberDalziel
<Content>ABSOLUTELY AMAZING!!!       nice spacious room in the 4000 buliding  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>missmee
<Content>Would go back in a Heart Beat! My girlfriend and I stayed at the Grand Palladium Punta Cana the week of October 14-21. We had a great time!! She had never traveled outside of North America before and had absolutely no expectations. The resorts grounds are amazing, and huge, thank heavens for the train that runs around the grounds letting you get your bearings as well as seeing the whole area. We used it many times for going to dinner at the a la cartes as most are located in the Bavaro section of the resort. Our room was wonderful, the beds were actually the most comfortable I have had at any resort in the Dominican. The only thing that I did not enjoy about the room was the tub/shower. I guess I just don't like not having a door/curtain, as well as not enjoying looking at myself as I shower in the mirror over the sink. The closet accomadated two women travelling, which was good, the safe is located on one side while hangers are on the other. We were in room 2022, and overlooked the pool, and very close to the beach. The pool was really nice, and always clean. Never had an issue getting a lounger, or shade as there was plenty to go around. I will say this, that the towel guys every morning would go around and place towels on loungers, so those of us who have been around would think the loungers where taken, however being as we were both early risers I can tell you if you see a towel all neatly folded on a lounger chances are its not taken. Very confusing to us seasoned people. Beach is as always amazing, clean, white, and soft. The water was so warm, and just a great place to sun and people watch.Food-we had absolutely no problem with the food. Enjoyed pretty much all of it. I will say that we ate at the Italian on two nights and the first was so much better, but I guess you can just figure it depends on who is in the kitchen each night. I would say our favorite was the Asian, then the Italian, Spanish, then the Steak and Seafood. Did not make it too all of them however we tried, as they close one or two each night rotating them. The buffet for breakfast always had many choices, and I love having a omelette bar!  Shopping, on the resort is very limited, however the prices are not as bad as they are at some others. Coffe is $6US at the resort for a pound, $8US at the airport, and $3US at the grocery store found just up the beach. So depending on how addverturous you are is what you will pay. Venders are as they always are a little bit pushy, Hey pretty ladies Cheapie cheapie, if you are not into bargaining don't go. They have venders that do come to the resort as well for an evening, but they too are a bit pushy and really turned me off.  Would I go back, absolutely. The staff, the pool, and the beach were wonderful. I would try the adults only section next time I think, however saying that there really were not many kids, and it was a great time!  
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>searlefamily
<Content>loved the grand palladium My husband and my 2 year old boy stayed at the Grand Palladium Punta Cana between 10th and 24th October 2008. We had a fantastic time 鈥?the hotel was stunning 鈥?very large grounds with all 3 hotel complexes combined, but the little train that takes you around all the complex is very frequent and quite a treat for the youngstersThere were a few restaurants closed and a pool closed due to the hotel not being full, but there will still plenty of places to eat, and the food was plentiful and very tasty. The staff always refilled the trays as soon as they start to get half empty and you can eat as much as you like.There is a great sports bar in the Bavaro complex which serves hot dogs, nachos, sandwiches etc throughout the day.There are a number of a la carte restaurants on site, which don鈥檛 need to be pre-booked, and are well worth a visit 鈥?we went to the oriental and the Italian and the food was fantastic, and the service great. You don鈥檛 have to pay any extra, but would easily pay 拢50-60 if you were visiting a similar restaurant in the UKWe stayed in a basic room which had its Jacuzzi bath in the main room, with a shower and a toilet in a bathroom. The room was a larger than average size for a hotel, and was cleaned everyday to a high standard. We weren鈥檛 able to keep the room on at the end of the holiday as we had to check out at 12, and weren鈥檛 leaving the hotel until 5pm, but we had to pay US$35 and they gave us another room which we could use from 12 until 5pm.The beach is a golden sand beach with lots of loungers and beach bars for you to get your drinks from 鈥?try the Coco Loco and Banana Mama drinks 鈥?frozen fruit mixes, absolutely addictive, and they will add rum if you want.The pools are plentiful, and there are lots of loungers available, although we found a few selfish families would put towels out the night before to keep the same loungers all week.The only downsides of the holiday were the cleanliness of one of the childrens pools in the compex, which was dirty on the floor, and had a few sharp bits on the sides of the pool.Definitely recommend this hotel for families and couples  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	4	

<Author>NatScott
<Content>Wonderful, relaxing vacation! Definitely will go back!       What a beautiful beach.....goes on forever!  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lizzie63Mississauga
<Content>Absolutely Beautiful My husband and I just got back from Grand Palladium Punta Cana, We went for our 28th wedding anniversary. This place is amazing and our every wish was met at the hotel. Flowers in our room everyday, mini bar stocked daily and our room was clean and comfortable. We stayed in the Deluxe Room and for us it was all we needed as we were hardly in our room.As it was low season it was only about 1/2 full and there was no problem with getting beds around the ocean or pool. Also some of the restaurants were closed, but we found the buffets and did these everynight as there were different theme nights and always new types of food to try.The Dominican people work very hard and very long hours and always, always had a smile for us. It really helps if you tip as they are greatful for the extra money. Also if you try even a few words in Spanish they appreciate it. Interact with them and you will be rewarded.All in all we were impressed with the Grand Palladium and would go back again.lizzie63  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	3	5	3	

<Author>cubaneedshelp
<Content>Had a blast ! Six of us were at the Grand Palladium Punta Cana Sept 20th 鈥?27th. Let me start by saying that we loved this resort!The buffets are good and the Mexican restaurant was excellent but I wasn鈥檛 crazy about the Italian restaurant.There are lots to do at this resort rain or shine .It rained for 3 days straight and the animation staff kept us well entertained. They work very hard to keep you smiling no matter what.The ocean is absolutely gorgeous and there are plenty of chairs. The disco was a lot of fun and pretty busy most nights. The casino is ok but don鈥檛 go thinking you鈥檙e going to win big on the slots. It鈥檚 just more to pass time and blow 20 bucks. lolI would go back to this resort and recommend it to family and friends.Have fun , relax and try the banana mamas at the pool bar.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>georgie1girl_8
<Content>loved it just back from this amazing place couldnt fault it the food was good, the room was comfortable and clean the hotel and surroundings were beautiful, this country has a lot of poverty to come to this hotel and nit pick when or if you venture outside on a trip you will see why this hotel is classed as a 5 star, the rep in the hotel for thompsons is called heather she is brill and there if you need her the staff work very hard for very little money and are always smiling overall you are visiting a developing country go with an open mind yes you are going to get bugs every country has them just take bug spray this is a fantastic place to visit once been i am sure you would want to go back there is everything you could possibly want in this hotel drink what you want eat when you like, loads of sunlounges round the pool and on the beach you are there to chill so go for it HAVE FUN  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Missy-M-and-Mr-W
<Content>Not a 5* hotel! Great beach though Ola!We have just arrived back from the Grand Palladium Punta Cana. Travelled with First Choice, stayed from 11th September to 25th September. We travelled Star Class Premier, and was it worth it! Although the flight was approx 8 hours 45 mins, it seemed to go quicker this time, probably because we were more comfortable in the larger seat pitch. Punta Cana airport is different to any other we have travelled through, you will see from fellow travellers pictures it has a thatched roof, so looks quite quaint. Be prepared for the heat to meet you as you exit the plane, we have never experienced anything like it. There is NO air-conditioning as you go through arrivals, it was uncomfortably hot when we arrived. Photo's are taken with locals in 'traditional' costume which you can purchase on your way out of the country (think they are $8 each). Remember to have your $10 ready with your completed blue immigration form. Also, a handy tip is to keep any bottles of water you get on the plane as I didn't see anywhere you can purchase drinks as you go through arrivals (I may be wrong), and you will need a drink handy in the heat and long queues.Transfer to the resort was quite quick, approx 20 minutes. As others have said the roads are quite bumpy. What struck me as we drove to the resort was what a poverty stricken country it was, people were working in unbearable conditions and what looked like little resources, makes you glad for what you have really.Ok, now for the hotel. Mostly ok, but a few problems/areas that require improvement as will try to detail below. In our opinion this was definately not what we were expecting for a 5* hotel. We would give it 3.5* at best. It might be a dom rep 5* but its definately not a british 5*!!The lobby for our side of the resort was large with plenty of seating area, check in was really quick, greeted with a fruit punch. Initially they gave us one room card but I insisted we had another one as there were 2 of us, this was given to us with no problems.Shown to our room 6518. First impressions were it was a nice room. However!!!! We soon discovered it was infested with 2 different types of insects/bugs. The room was totally crawling with minute little insects, they were so tiny you could hardly see them, what there were I shall probably never know but they made my skin crawl. Secondly there was some insects eating all the wooden furniture away. I had noticed piles of stuff that looked like eggs under the wooden furniture and in where the tv sat, as fast as I was clearing them away more would turn up. After much investigation and searching we discovered that these were dropping out of holes in the furniture!! I shall never know exactly what these were but my guess is the furniture was riddled with woodworm and these piles of things was what they had passed through them/chewed up. Either way there was no way I was spending another night in that room, no way sirree! We had a word with front desk and they offered to fumigate the room for us but we said we would rather just move room. We moved across to the next block, room 6626, and didn't have any problems with that room, yes there were a few little insects but nothing like the first room. We saw new people had moved into our old room, whether the hotel had it fumigated first I don't know!A word of advice!! Check what is on your patio before you open the door, stupidly we opened the door too quick and a frog came bounding in, which took nearly an hour for us to extract! Another night we had a gecco on the ceiling which they kindly sent someone to remove for us, didn't really fancy that running over my face in the dark! You do have to expect this sort of thing to happen in this kind of country, it wasn't totally unexpected and we just had to deal with it (or rather get someone else to come and deal with it for you!).So, after our encounter with the insects and moving rooms we could get down to enjoying our holiday. The temperature was really hot, one of the locals informed us it was in the 40's. Not sure how accurate this was as couldn't locate a thermometer on the complex, but it certainly felt that hot.The grounds are absolutely immaculate and this is 100% down to the hard graft the gardeners put in, we saw them working at all hours. One night we come out of dinner to find one of them had rigged up a light and was painting a bench in the dark! They put in so much effort, we saw them working from the minute we got up till last thing at night, they must've been the hardest working staff on the resort. The resort is huge and it will take a few days to suss it out, the exercise is good though! We even went for a jog round the perimeter of the complex one morning, that was punishment! The bell boys will take you between the lobbies on their 'carts', slip them a dollar or two and they are well happy.The beach was beautiful, there was no 2 ways about it, powdery white sand, clear bright turquoise water, so clear you could see fishes swimming round you. The beach is lined with palm trees, very idealistic. Plenty of sunloungers. The palappas go early, however you could always find a space under the pretty bushes set in between and behind the palm trees. A couple of bars along the beach, not enough toilet areas along the beach front in my opinion, but perhaps they just expect people to go in the sea?! I dunno.Ok, so thats the good stuff taken care of. Now for the grumbles!We were offered DRUGS within the first hour of being at the resort!!! We went down to the beach for a wander and were offered cocaine and smoke!!!!! I could hardly believe it. The hotel seriously needs to address this issue. This is not good enough in my opinion that you have these kind of people on the resort.Rooms - Not clean enough, the floors weren't cleaned properly, the dirt that was there in the morning would still be there in the evening. The sheets on the bed weren't terribly clean, we had sheets with a dirty brown footprint on them, it looked like someone had stood on the bed whilst probably adjusting the ceiling fan. The top bed throw I could put money on isn't changed between guests. It didn't smell fresh and had some mouldy marks on. The pillow was flat as a pancake and also smelt greasy. Might be worth taking some febreeze to try and mask this smell. Seems to be wiring issues around the resort, sockets with bare wires hanging out, temperamental sockets etc. The tv signal in our room was exceptionally poor, no matter how much you fiddled with the aerial nearly every channel was snowy. We tipped our maid loads of times, but only had flowers twice, first time when we got there, then again in our last week, rather disappointed. Our mini bar was filled up haphazardly, but no problems if you collared the mini bar guy if you saw him in the block and asked for some extras. Not quite enough coat hangers for a couple, I should say about 15, most of my stuff I doubled up on hangers, my poor fella lived mostly out of a suitcase!Pool areas - needs maintenance works, there were large areas of missing tiles in the swimming pools and plenty of rusty columns.Entertainment team - we found particularly annoying. Who wants to go on holiday and as you walk round the pool they shout out england really loudly so everyone looks, or gordon brown!!!, they did the same with other countries too, it just got tiresome. They try to pull you off your sun lounger, grab you in the swimming pool or chuck water in your face, they are far too familiar. I saw one of them trying to get someones attention by sticking their flip flop on some guys head as he lounged in the pool, they think they can do what they like sometimes, and sometimes they cross the line. Nearly every day they asked us if we liked the music and then tried to flog us a CD for $10! The word no just didn't seem to get through.When it rains the floors are really slippery, even walking into your accommodation block is hazardous, I wouldn't recommend this resort for elderly people or those that would be particularly at risk in the event of a fall. The roofs leaked really badly, all the lobbies, bar areas and buffets had leaking roofs, not just little leaks, really big leaks! Instead of putting buckets down they were putting towels down, which were so soaked the water was just spreading and making it quite hazardous. Gym - wasn't as well equipped as I would have liked, specially for a resort of this size. 2 benches, limited free weights, 2 treadmills, 2 cross trainers, 2 bikes, 2 steppers. Most of the cardio equipment would be in full use shortly after 7.30 with people waiting round to use the limited equipment. The floor was made of interconnecting rubber tiles and didn't have much grip, to make matters worse they would then spray loads of room spray in the air which in turn created a slippery film all over the floor. I would fully expect in a supposed 5* resort that the gym would have bacterial spray and paper towels to wipe down the machines when you had finished, but there wasn't any.Food. The buffets actually had a surprisingly good amount of options, but as with anything, the novelty soon wears off. La Cathedral we found to be the best. We only went to one a la carte - bamboo, but we found it to be so poor we didn't bother trying any of the others. Ironically the night they served the oriental food in the buffet was much better than what they served in the a la carte (try the sweet and sour pork)! My main issue was with the flies!!! Too many flies on the food, I appreciate in this kind of country there are going to be flies hanging around, but this amount?! No fly strips or fly lights in evidence. Also several chipped plates and broken glasses.The staff were really helpful though in the buffets, your glass would never be empty and they promptly removed finished plates. Special thanks to Melina in the behique buffet.A major issue for us was we both had stomache cramps the entire holiday, not sure if it was the food or drink. We felt really ill quite a lot of the time. Beware the bottled water, don't drink if you can't break the seal, you will be ill! Casino - the girl that served us the night we visited had issues!! I have never met such a little madam in all my life, talk about rude and sullen! The amount of smoke in the casino was too much for us, even though we are smokers it was totally unbearable. Hoorah for the now smokeless bars and clubs back home!If you can buy all your toiletries before you get here!! The shops are really expensive!! Approx $30 for sun tan lotion (approx 拢16), approx $14 for non brand shower gel (approx 拢8). You can buy most medicinal tablets etc here but again its expensive. Hardly any magazines/papers etc in english, think its first come first served.The above said we did have a mostly good holiday thanks to the great weather (with the exception of the last 3 days!), the wonderful beach and sea and some of the staff. Oh the pizza was good too!! We also met some great people on holiday - hi to lisa and andrew, greg and jane. Also hi to lisa and darn if you are reading this in canda (im the girl you chatted to in the pool on your last day!).We probably wouldn't go back to dom rep, there are so many other countries we want to see. Would I go back to this hotel if we did go back to dom rep? No.Top tips:Take loads of single $1 billsTake enough toiletries for your durationDon't go over your luggage allowance - $20 per kg on the way home!Don't drink the bottled water unless you can break the seal - if you can just unscrew it easily don't drink it - you will be ill - I was and also a couple of other people.Drink 6-8 bottles water a day, otherwise you will be dehydrated - someone went to hospital during our stay for this reason.Try to learn a little spanish before you go!Don't open your patio door without checking firstWould suggest jungle pray or equivalentThere are duty free shops at airport on your way out, but expensiveWhen filling the spa bath in your room make sure you have filled the water line past the jet holes before switching them on - otherwise they will shoot water right across your bed far enough to hit the patio doors lol!!To note - there is no room service (we would have liked this option considering the monsoon weather we had for the last 3 days of our holiday!).Everyone has different expectations/standards and we are entitled to our opinion like everyone else. Im sure there will be some people reading this that had/will have a different experience to us but we have to report what we found - there would be no point to trip adviser if that wasn't that case. If you have already booked it then I hope you have a good experience, if you haven't booked yet, then you might want to consider somewhere else...We just expected a little more....I think thats covered it but any questions get in touch.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	2	4	2	-1	

<Author>CooperCooper
<Content>The Best Resort in Punta Cana This resort was outstanding. Nothing but good comments about it. The resort is absolutely huge and I was spoiled for my first getaway. Lots of activities and things to see. Upkeep of this resort should be credited to the ground keepers which are up at early hours each day to rake the beach and maintain the ground. If your up early enough, you can see them high in the trees cutting down leaves, while only hanging from a rope and supporting themselves with their bare feet. On your walk around the resort you might catch the odd worker cutting open coconuts with his machete{very cool} You may also be surprised by the two main pools, both supporting a swim up bar with exceptioal staff there to make your day by the pool a memorable one. The suites are fantastic, however my girlfriend and her husband had a main floor room which they said had some everyday bugs, due to the fact that they were at ground level. So the reccomend staying second level and higher to eliminate this problem. Nice jucuzzi tubs for your pleasure in your room. Beach is beautiful. Manicured very nicely. Water was actually warm getting in. Made the ocean a beautiful place. Your walk down to the near village is 5 minutes on the beach. The border between the resort and the village is guarded by one security guard with a camera, but the villagers seem to be respectful in not crossing it. However I was quite uncomfortable with the pushiness of the village people so I suggest keeping your shopping along the beach if you do not want to be extremely hassled by them. There are enough stores along the beach to get what you want. I would also reccommend that you do alot of your shopping in the resort because the prices are better than the village and you save yourself the hassle. They also have some of the retail guys come in from the city every week, so ask. The disco is good, but we enjoyed the entertainment in the theatres. Great Michael Jackson preformance. A must see. Lots of variety on drinks. Must try some traditional Mama Huana, but be careful it allows for a fantastic time. We like to call it Dominican Viagra. Ask your server to explain. Buffets are huge. Lots of selection. If your a picky eater I suggest the Papa Fritta's {French fries} to keep it simple. If your a milk drinker, I suggest sticking to the pepsi. Closest thing to home for taste. The buffets were really tasty. a la carte restaurants are decent, I recommend the mexican and ittalian. Lots of excursions. The best is the dune buggies. What a great excursion. You are picked up and are taken for a ride through some village life on the way there. You are greeted at the destination where you are suited up and taken on your tour. If you are not a good driver however I recommend having someone else drive for you are on your own on their roads at the beginning and let me tell you it is scary with no road rules. You arrive at a coffee plantation and get to mingle with the locals. Next up is a dip in a natural spa. Very cool. Ending up at the beach at the end of the day. DO NOT BRING ANY BAGS ON THIS EXCURSION!!!! THEY END UP FILTHY!!! Camereas are okay but tuck them in somewhere they won't get wet. This resort is outstanding and I am very fortunate to have experienced this place. Take lots of dollar bills for tipping, sit back at the pool, drink some mama huana, fall down, and be somebody. Don't forget to tip your groundsmen, Remembery they are the ones who keep it beautiful for you,  
<Date>Sep 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Snooptoneg
<Content>Scarborough Does Punta Cana My journey began with my wife and 2 other couples, all in our early twenties, on a blissful Friday the 12th of Sept. and culminated amongst the stars on the evening of the 19th said month. During these days in we all had joyous stay at Grand Palladium Punta Cana.This was my first time in the Caribbean and I was thoroughly impressed with what this resort had to offer. From the moment we stepped off the bus from the airport we all had was smiles, big and wide, that never left our faces. The lobby was a lot to take in at once. Big open concept with nice decor and furniture. Tall ceilings and cold drinks await you as you enter this structure. Check in was a breeze and in 10 minutes we were putting our luggage away in the closet. Now from this point well all changed into our game faces and met at the lobby bar. Now I must tell you that the best way to familiarize yourself with this vast resort complex is to have some stiff drinks and wander about. But stay off the beach at night, even in numbers.Because we stayed on the Punta Cana resort we were in the middle of the complex and therefore best situated to get to restaurants, the big pool, and beach. Appearance:This resort is stunning in terms of its grounds. Everything is clipped, trimmed, and meticulously looked after. It takes awhile to find them all but there are fountains and gardens hidden all over. Excellent photo spots for the amateur shutterbug. Every building you walked into was clean. I never saw garbage or glasses, empty bottles left anywhere. Rooms where cleaned everyday although I never really saw the maids in our villa (#75). They were like ninjas... so we tipped them well. This resort scored major points with me for cleanliness.Pools:Each resort, Bavaro and Palace, have their own pools. However, the Punta Cana pool is the biggest and best in my humble opinion. We checked them all out our first full day there and by far the party was at the Punta Cana pool. The POP entertainment people keep the energy up getting people to play sports. Music was bumping and all week long we set up shop at the swim up bar. Shout out to William the greatest bartender the world has ever seen. Beach:Every morning we went straight to the beach and soaked up the sun until lunch. And every morning I was speechless as I laid eyes on it. White soft sand hugged the bottom of your feet with every step and were obstructed by nothing. As you walk across the beach towards the water you are slapped in the face with the image of the clearest most azure water imaginable contrasted by a darker royal blue horizon. Breath taking. I need to stop there because the image of the beach brings a tear to my eye. On a side note, lots of topless women which was a pleasant surprise but I assure you that the novelty wears off...eventually.Food:The food is good. You have to understand that it is not the same as the food you eat at home ... because you are not at home. The resort does a good job at providing recognizable options. The buffets are where its at because you don't have to wait for your grub and are not limited to any amount your stomach desires. Although we did try every a la carte they left us impatient and unsatisfied... but do try them out because the atmosphere provided at them is not duplicated in the buffets. Other than that you'll always have the 24hr sports bar. This place caters to the heavily enebriated hungry carnivores who lurk around the disco at 2am ... as one of these types myself I can tell you its good greasy food.Hagglers:Without a doubt you will be approached quite often by locals selling you products and services. Whether it be excursions or bracelets they are rather relentless in their sales pitch. You have to understand that the system is set up to keep the money on the resort so the local economy does not profit that much from the tourism. Double check with your tour rep about each excursion and never pay up front, ever. If you are not interested in what is offered a simple No, gracias will do. Don't be rude some of these sellers are just saying hello and want to be polite. If you do want to go shopping there is a market accessible from the beach beside the Royal Suites Resort. I recommend going up the first laneway to the store on the near left corner. Ask for Mareno, he is kind and is extremely flexible on prices.Conclusion:Part of why this trip was amazing was the friends we went with and the party attitude they came with. If you are an uptight anal retentive person in your regular life a vacation to paradise wont change much. The bad reviews of this place I read beforehand have no merit. I'm not saying this place was perfect but come on people, are you going to let a small crack in your wall, a speck of dried food on your fork, or a non-English speaking employee outweigh that fact this place is gorgeous and is indeed paradise.? I certainly hope not. It was worth every penny and is a wonderful 4plus star resort.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Picklepest
<Content>Fantastic...Going back next year       The beach  
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Josh41
<Content>Great Resort It was a great holiday. I must say I am very choosy and I criticise a lot. This resort is made just for your comfort. Beach is great, staffs are always smiling and polite, rooms are big and very clean, fridge in the room filled everyday. There is no limit for drinks at the bar ( some holiday resorts give up to 2 drinks at once) Bars at the receptions are table service. My wife and I are vegetarians and we loved the food. It was fresh and great variety. There are 3 sister hotels and you have access to all of them at anytime. It is very big and we walked a lot (you need that after the food you eat). There are several pools some of them can be very loud but others are quieter. Always wake up in early in the morning for the sun beds (before the Germans). You DO NOT need beach towels as they provide you one everyday from the huts by the swimming pools. If you want to go to fishing trip check the weather, as you will not have a refund if the weather is not good. Try snorkelling trip it is great. Do not forget to get some bananas for the fish, as they love it. Music in the nightclub is a nightmare. You will see what I mean if you go there. General entertainment is OK. Animation team can be annoying sometime. They were a little pushy. I must say I do not go to same please twice but I will not forget this holiday, as it was great all the way. I chose this resort from the comments in Trip advisor website and it was the best choice. I do not think it is 5 star but it is very close to 5 star :).  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	2	

<Author>keepsmiling2
<Content>loved every minute of it ..great beaches,food,location loved it total relaxation We stayed here for our honeymoon last year 30th july - 13th augwhen we arrived the check in was smooth lovely bell-boy (his name was Jesus and he was so so lovely )Room was beautiful just like pics put all little rose petals etc... every day nice and spotlessmini bar was good idea but only re-stocked 2 a week so either hide what you have in so they will re-stock it or get hold of the guy and give him a tip The beach was amazing goes on for miles.... the locals do hassle you a bit but friendly enoughnot really a place where you can go out of the complex unless on a trip but the trips were good Suba diving and snorkeling is a must the hotel dive centre arrange some brill days out nice and friendly went out a few times amazing remember it always (take dollars alot better)Fishing trip was a bit poor not even one catch but loved the viewsThe spa is good, beach massage is a must heaven (ernest is one of the spa rep and such a nice and intelligent guy say hi from us ) Staff work really really hard for very little pay and if you go out of complex and go through the local villages and town and see the way they live it really makes you very humble and these people are very intelligent and work very hard for the little pay so when some of the people who go there and want the red carpet treatment all the time and go on about nothing basically take a chill pill the holiday is what you make it !!!! be nice to them use your manners and be civil and i'm sure you wont have any staff probs (some folk are so up themselves and forget to come back down to earth)The food was lovely we never got bored as there is so many different places to go and the complex is huge.....we loved it not one bad meal never went hungry if anything went back home 6lb heavier :-( good sign thoughThe little train that goes round is excellent love the music at night It was so peacful the casinos are good but they do like to try and get you comfy for a longer stay ha!!!entertainment shows are ok They have little local market once a week at night good for little mooch.(outside the casino )We had an amazing time did lots of tennis, archery mini golf water polo etc... great only down side was in the whole 2 weeks we were there apart from the staff who spoke little english we met no english people a couple of americans but not any english but we had the best time (and yeah we are still married so must of been a good start lol!!)Little wedding chapel is lovely perfect setting If you are going have a lovely time and I wish I was going back...ps rain - it did rain but in the night and when you woke up you totally wouldnt of known it had only for a few puddles enjoy ;-)  
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Daisyber
<Content>Loved the Grand Palladium Bavaro We stayed at the Grand Palladium Bavara July 9-16, 2008 with a wide range of family (16-73 yrs.) so we were looking for a place with variety and this was it!Rooms - pleasantly surprised by upgrades and the request to be near others. This place is huge - and it's helpful for groups to be somewhat close to each other. Our rooms were clean, made up every day (with flowers). Shortage of soap, but the maid was thrilled when I asked her for some in spanish with my book -- get a quick spanish guide to help you out -- it's great and they love it!Beach - lovely. We had chairs, coverage, etc. Vendors -- just say no thank you if you don't want to talk. We had a great time on these gorgeous beaches. Pool: Great - and fun! Activities at 3pm with POP were perfect for when we migrated to the pool and bar after a day at the beach. Those folks are so personable and fun -- the appealed to everyone from the 16 year old to the 73 year old! Just what we were looking for!We stayed at the Bavaro area since we wanted to be near the disco and sports bar, with young adults going out and getting back to their rooms -- it was better. Hemingways -- excellent -- some quiet time with a drink -- perfect at the end of the evening in this lovely spot. We also enjoyed the evening shows -- MJ - great - others were great fun!Food: some liked it, some didn't. Buffets were good - some days better than others. Breakfast was always great. A la cartes were easy to get in to -- I personally enjoyed the italian and japanese restaurants.Drinks were plentiful and plenty strong at any bar I went to in the resort.Some actvities our group did: parasailing, banana boat, massages on the beach, facials at the spa. All were great!We did a 4 hour snorkeling trip booked through Apple -- snorkeling with nurse sharks and sting rays -- soooo much fun-- excellent group of people!All in all, the rnage was from it was ok to 'excellent -- some are going back in March. Bottom line - you can't please everyone - but this place had the opportunity to try and do it if you were willing!  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>GloucesterPirata
<Content>Holiday, Wedding, Honeymoon Paradise       What a pool  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Purbrooks
<Content>Amazing resort!!! We returned a couple of weeks ago and had an amazing holiday. Beautiful beach, fantastic selection of restaurants, food choice was vast. Our rooms were very clean, towels decorated with fresh flowers each day. Swimming pools were fantastic, swim up bars a real luxury. Monster truck safari  speed boat day trips were great. Our kids of 16, 14  10 also had a fantastic time  we gave it 10/10. We'd definitely go back.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>caribsulfam
<Content>Awesome Vacation! We stayed at the Grand Palladium Punta Cana August 9 - 16 as part of an extended family vacation and had a fantastic time! Our group included 6 kids (10 - 21yrs) and 6 adults and all loved it. Here's some quick thoughts on our trip and the resort:1. Stay in Block 2000! Its right near the beach, pool and restaurant (breakfast and lunch buffet). Some of the villa rooms are quite far from all the action and I wouldn't recommend them for families. You can email the resort directly with your request. They were good about meeting our needs. Keep in mind that only the ground floor suites have two queen beds. The other rooms have a king size bed and pull out couch. 2. The rooms are very nice with marble floors and bathrooms and kept very clean. From time to time we were treated to beautiful petals sprinkled on the bathroom countertop and around the bath tub. A/C is not the best but the room also has a ceiling fan and the combination worked fine for us even with 36C temperatures!3. The gardens are just fantastic. Walk around and enjoy them as much as you can. Ask the gardener's for some fresh coconuts. They are happy to oblige and a $1 tip/coconut will be appreciated. 4. The pool by Block 2000 was kept nice and clean and getting deck chairs pool side was never a problem. 5. The beach is the best I've ever seen and I've seen the best (hawaii, bahamas and cuba). But, the early birds get the best palatas! No matter, beach chairs are in abundance...drag a few under the palm trees and sit back with a nice cool coco loco from the beach bar!6. The buffet restaurants were all fantastic. We especially enjoyed the Oriental theme night at the Bavaro. They go all out with the choices and decor. No regrets for not trying the a la cartes. Try both beach restaurants..La Uva and El Recife for lunch. They are both great.7. The nightly entertainment was so so. I would have preferred pool side entertainment versus the theatre style that is offered but don't miss the Michael Jackson tribute...it's awesome! Also the Bavaro lounge offers superb band entertainment that the adults will enjoy. The older teens will love the disco but a younger teen club with some dancing where you can feel comfortable letting 13 to 15 year olds hang out for a while in the late evenings would be good. There is a a 'sports bar' with foos ball and a pool table where this age group tends to gravitate but it does not have any organized entertainment.8. For the sporty kind, the sports centre has, soccer, tennis, paddle tennis, target shooting and many other activities to keep you busy. The grounds and equipment are all in excellent shape. But, be on time for scheduled activities because the centre's staff are uncharacteristically (and unreasonably) rigid about letting you try things outside of the scheduled times. 9. Other than the above minor complaint, we found all staff to be very friendly and accommodating. Please don't misconstrue the language barrier as a bad attitude. They are all decent and hard working people trying to do their best to make your stay enjoyable. Even the few vendors on the beach were friendly and not the least bit pushy. A polite no thank you was received with mutual courtesy.10. All in all, our stay was wonderful and we would have no hesitation recommending this resort to anyone!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	3	5	-1	

<Author>THECC
<Content>Great Resort for a Fantastic Price Had a fantastic time at this huge resort.Almost too big as it takes 3-4 days to learn the layout.For price we paid how can anyone complain. Room was dated but clean. Shower pressure was good.Bed was hard not so comfortable.Service at check in was OK. Staff generally tries real hard. Tons of Europeans and very few Americans and Canadians. We tipped well and the staff deserved every cent. Drinks refilled constantly and with good local rums and beer. Casino and Hemingways bars have Bombay, Red Label, Dewars and other Medium Shelf liquors.Food was plentiful, buffets had much variety. Do not miss the Dominican night on Thursday it is fantastic. La Catherdral is the best buffet houe out of the 4 different buffet restaurants.Ala Cartes were OK, service slow but plate presentation was fine. Il Quijote was very good for Paella.Pools were fantastic, beach great and Sports bar was great for munchies after midnight.All in all a great place for family.For those whining and complaining when you travel abroad food expectations and room products vary greatly. Americans tend to eat twice as much than our cousins across the pond and it shows when you are at the pool. Unless you're paying more than $200 per person per day then I would be very happy with the Palladium.Staff work real hard and it is easier to tip big at beginning at pool bar as opposed to carrying singles in the water. We did so at Palace pool, Willy was fantastic and took great care of the 8 of us for all week.Speak some Spanish and do not expect too many workers to speak English. When in Rome...As far as Animation team goes they try hard but need some polish.Surrounding area, well there isn't any. A few run down shops and bodegas. There is no town to speak of.I would recommend for a family or large group of friends.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	3	5	2	

<Author>JAELNEX
<Content>Great Resort       Room  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	3	5	

<Author>Tuktu14
<Content>Great first experience Spent the first week of August there, very satisfied. Extremely clean inside and out. Good A/C, clean room every day, immaculate property. Food was average to good. The beach is great with a lot of place to sit in the shade if we want.Nice pools, good service ( we did have a problem with room door, couldn't get back in and it took 5 attempts before we finally had to change room....closer to the beach so all good).Make sure you bring a lot of cash since there is no ATM on the property and most of the time, the credit card machine didn't work in the shop. Lot's of activity but if you like to snorkel, bring your own. Make sure you put your name and try the small catamaran. Be careful on the beach, the locals (not the resort)will be after you every 5 minutes for the activities. I did the snorkel with them, I rated it 1 out of 10...a dead reef as far as I am concern and they say you will swim with the dolphin...lies, all lies!!! Enjoy but stay away from the fruit and the Pina Colada, all of us (4) got sick, some more then others!!!  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>andreea_pintea
<Content>Paradise for everyone       One of the pools with its jacuzzi  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SpleeMan
<Content>What a way to spend 2 weeks Hi, I am a 21 year old from London. Me and my girlfriend got back from this resort last Friday (8 Aug 08). All I can say is WOW. This is the best holiday I have ever had. We spent two weeks in pure paradise and now I am sitting in my office in London writing this, when this this time last week I would be on my way to a breakfast buffet offering everything and more for me to eat and looking forward to a day in the sun!. We checked the weather before we went, all of them offering different opinions, but mostly saying scattered storms. This worried us, we didnt expect sun everyday but we didnt want storms. When we touched down at 2.30pm on 24 July it was very warm and pure blue skies....it stayed that way for the whole holiday. A few days it got a little overcast at 5ish but was still very warm and by then we were ready to hit the room and get ready for the night.The resort itself offers much to do. I am a pool guy, dont really like the beach too much. However, this beach was amazing, white sands, blue seas, it was the 1st place we went to once we had dumped our luggage in our room. The room was very good but I feel could of been a bit better. King size beds (they were actually two beds pushed together with a king size mattrice - althought we didnt notice this until the last day) good size but quite hard. Our blacony light didnt work and the A/C was loud when the fan was on setting 3. We told reception twice and were promised a technician but he never came, this also happened on our final morning when our shower didnt work and we needed someone to fix it ASAP - no one was sent again, so we had to bath. They are laidback here, which is nice because I wanted to be in a chilled out atmosphere, but somethimes they are too laidback in circumstances they shouldnt be, like I have mentioned above.We did two excursions, the first was a $75 trip to Saona Island. Amazing place, very picturesque and a great tanning spot, they keep you boozed up on cuba libre (rum  coke) all day and supply a buffet lunch. You also stop in the middle of the sea where it is shallow (this is actually where the carribean and atlantic seas meet we are told...take a snorkle as there are many starfish to be found here. We booked this through a guy called Joseph who walks round the pools all day. He was a nice guy and did us this trip for half the price our rep was charging, although we were the only english speaking people on the whole trip so maybe would of preferred to do it through the rep.The second trip was amazing, once in a lifetime they say. A short flight up to Peurto Plata in the north of the Island and we were there, Ocean World to swim with dolphins. This cost $370 p/p but is well worth it. There are parks nearer to the resort but they have both been condemed by the WWF as the dolphins are treated cruely. Words cannot describe how good this day was.Anyway, back to the resort....the pools are all very clean and big, all with swim up bars aswell. You are waited on hand and foot also as waiters are constantly taking orders as you lay on your loungers. Resaurants are very nice as well, didnt like the Spanish but the rest are great, Aricife does an amazing Flank Steak. Men cannot wear shorts but I dealt with this. The grounds are very clean and extremly well kept. There is a casino which has machines, roulette, black jack and poker (although the poker table was never open). There are two theatres and both have a show every night (the Michael Jackson show is a MUST). We didnt go to the sports bit much but they have mini golf which was a pretty average course, well kept tennis courts, a football pitch, shabby basketball court. The Spa is lovely, 2 jaquzzis, sauna, steam room and more although you need to book a day in advance, we always booked for 3pm, just as the sun hits the loungers :) there is also a gym which i used once (come on im on holiday).Amazing time and we are already looking at going back next year.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>wotnotravel
<Content>An honest review written with thought.       The lovely bar staff  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>joanne65
<Content>Lovely Vacation! We visited Grand palladium in July and had a truly lovely time.The resort is very clean and well kept and though the tap water was not potable there was never a problem for drinking water there was bottled water everywhere. The food was excellent with much variety .The sporting facilities were impressive as was the spa.The train was a delight to get around with and the entertainment staff were pleasant and energeticSome of the night shows like the international were good..We have been to other all inclusives around the Caribbean and we thought this resort impressive.The staff were quite nice to us as we were to them.However there are one or two things that can make this place better. The rooms can smell a little fresher perhaps by cleaning the ac vents or sending the refreshner through them-sea blast is difficult to combat and the quality of the drinks especially the juices and mixed drinks can be improved.The juices at breakfast were fresh and delicious but after that they were overly sweet machine drinks so we drank mostly water during the day.Overall we overlooked some of these things and had a great vacation in a wonderful huge resort with a beautiful beach.Will have no hesitation staying there again.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>pricey99
<Content>A very nice, relaxing holiday!!! Over all our holiday was very nice, our group consisted of me, my husband and my daughter who is 13. The airport on arrival in punta cana was ok, a very pretty airport, the only thing i would say is, trying to find your coach to take you to your hotel was a bit confusing, there werent any reps to ask, just find your travel agent desk and they will tell you were to go! The journey was fine, about half an hour to the hotel, check in was fairly swift, however we did have a very grumy bell boy! Our room when we got there had a very funny smell and over one of the pools, also it was to small for 3 of us. we decided to upgrade to a suite which was lovely well worth the money, about 拢280 for 2 weeks.The grounds were beautiful and maintained every day by the gardeners, the pools were beautiful, i dont understand previous reviews where you couldnt get a bed by the pool? My poor husband got up at 6 the first day and had his pick!! There were not any problems by any pools in getting a bed with shade for the day! The beach however was different, plenty of beds, but if you want shade then i suggest you get up early!!!!Plenty to do if you wanted to do any of it! Spa was lovely ,the beach was beautiful!! kept very clean, seaweed cleaned away every morning. We went the last two weeks of july and it seemed very quite,during the week, the locals come for the weekend and it did get busy but other than that it was very quiet!!Food, on the whole it was fab! I would recommend the italian and mexican, fantastic!!!. The buffet restraunts were very good loads to choose from. My daughter always eats the same thing when we go anywhere in the world and she never ever gets poorly, she generally eats the usual teenage rubbish, pizza, chips, cakes, etc. She never touches the salad, fruit, ice etc, perhaps that is why she is never poorly. All was fine for the first four days, we ate in the buffet, we then decided to eat in the seafood and steak restraunt on the beach, god what a mistake, we both had sea bass. When it came out i only ate a couple of mouth fulls, my husband ate a bit more within a few hours we had a very upset tummy!!! My husband had his for a day or so, i was poorly for 3 days. Speaking to others on the resort, not that many though as not many english, alot had been poorly, one poor girl stayed in her room for seven days!! I think it was the fish but im not sure it may be the salad/ice etc. In future im going t eat what my daughter eats!!. It didnt ruin the holiday though, just be sensible!Staff. Mostly they were lovely, language barrier was difficult, but hey thats my problem, i dont speak spanish!! Some were very rude, especially in the shops on the resort!A little tip, despite waht the travel agents told me, DO NOT TAKE Domincan Peso's they ALL prefer US dollars, If you take travellers cheques, the hotel will only exchange for peso, and you will get ripped off! Go to the banks who wil exchange for Us dollars. Trips. We went to saouna island, well what can i say paradise!!! Dont book with rep, much cheaper with joseph who is by the pool all day!Would i go again, Probably yes with more of us, there was very few english people there all locals/italians/germans etc, sometimes its nice to chat to other people on holiday!! i would go back with more of my family, that would be great. Dont be ut off by negative reviews, people are to fussy. The place was great, if you cant speak spanish, tuff, the majority of staff were lovely, the rest of them, hey its like any other place in the world, we all have our bad days!!!  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	2	3	4	

<Author>WorlwideTravelbugger
<Content>A down-to-earth, objective review Here is a very down to earth, objective review of the resort. We just came back from Grand Palladium from our first family vacation. We (my husband and i ) were there with our 18 month old son. Prior to this trip, we have travelled extensively world wide from the best accomodations to the worst. So we have seen horrible and we have seen extreme luxury.We had a very wonderful experience at Grand Palladium. Check-in: was quick, staff was professional and bell-boys were prompt to take our baggage to our room. We requested ocean view when we booked our trip and we did receive it.Food: was overall great. There was always lots of selection, always to choose from and always fresh. Please remember i am travelling with a baby and he did not get sick once, although he ate just about everything he could eat. We went to Las Torres quite often (we found the buffet setting to be more baby friendly) where the food was quite diversified ( my husband is very picky with his food). For lunch we usually went to the beach restaurant Los Bohio. They always had fresh meat which they grilled right in front of you and also lots of veg dishes and other side dishes. Mare Nostrum and Les Arreciffe was also very good.The staff: ok here is a wake-up call for travellers. If you expect to go on vacation and get royal treatment 100%, then just stay home. Wherever you go in the world, you will meet very pleasant people and also very nasty people. We had amazing staff making our stay very comfortable and making the baby feel very comfortable. And there were also people who clearly hated their lives and we just took them for what they were. We didnt go there expecting everything on a silver platter. Please dont forget that the staff are also people with problems just like you and i, and just because they serve you, it doesn't mean their problems or lives are much easier.The beach: absolutely gorgeous. Paradise on earth. Clear turquoise waters, white sandy beach lined with an array of palm trees.The grounds: beautifully kept and daily attended to. The only problems with the grounds were other travellers who felt the garden was their own private garbage bin. The staff however, promptly tended to whatever mess the guests made.Amenities: I went for two massages at the Spa, which is a state of the art facility. I found the experience very relaxing and worthwhile. My husband took tennis lessons which he also enjoyed.Overall, we had a great time there. Please remember that you are paying money to be there. You better make the best out of it, and if you let little things ruin your vacation, that's your responsibility. And, if you're upset about people not speaking English, learn Spanish!!!!!!  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	3	4	

<Author>travelingfamily77
<Content>Beautiful Beach. Otherwise Extremely Disappointing After reading all of the positive reviews, we were eager to vacation at the Grand Palladium. Unfortunately, we were profoundly disappointed. We arrived at about 3 pm and noted numerous problems in our room. Problems included a broken air conditioner, a broken refrigerator, a broken tub, a sink that wouldn't drain, a broken television a broken lock and a broken remote control. We politely reported the problems and were assured that our problems would be speedily addressed. The maintenance people never showed up. We called numerous times and waited for hours. We have traveled extensively and have never been put in a room with so many problems. The management made no effort to quickly fix our problems. Finally, after many calls, the next day at 1:30 PM they moved us to another room. Unbelievably, the new room also had numerous problems including a broken air conditioner. Only after hours of waiting and many phone calls did they send a maintenance person. Since it was unbearably hot and humid, we couldn't sleep (in a room with a broken air conditioner). At that point we asked for a fan. They refused. Basically we were unable to sleep the first two nights due to broken air conditioners and other problems. We lost an entire vacation day due to the need to repack, move and unpack (and tip the bellman again, eventhough it was a major inconvenience for us to move...but it wasn't the bellman's fault).Bars - They use very cheap mixers and serve low quality generic spirits. I found most of their alcoholic beverages far too sweet and undrinkable. They had no real fruit juice, just punch like drinks (very sweet orange punch and tropical punch). Many of the bars had very few selections. There were no call brands to chose from, even call drinks at an extra cost. They only serve one beer. I think a college student would be happy with the alcoholic beverages. On the other hand, I think many adults will be disappointed. The service at the bars was inconsistent. For example, I explicitly, carefully ordered a Banana Mama. Accidentally, the waitress brought a Pina Colada. She recognized and admitted her mistake, but instead of getting the correct drink for me, she insisted that I drink the Pina Colada. I gave up on getting the drink I wanted and walked away.Staff- many of the staff were reasonably friendly. There were also many staff members who were disinterested and unfriendly. They behaved like automatons who were slowly, begrudgingly doing their jobs. .Food- Average at best. They have a good selection at the buffets, but the quality of the food leaves a lot to be desired. The ingredients aren't the best and the spices are muted. We can get vastly superior Indian, Chinese, Mexican, Italian and American food in our hometown. Tap water isn't safe for drinking. Many in our party had diarrhea leading me to wonder about food prep and the source of water used for ice.Grounds- Beautifully maintained.Beaches- Beautiful. White sand, warm blue water and constant cooling breezes.Management Team- Very poor. Didn't seem to care much that we were unable to sleep our first two nights due to air conditioner problems.In summary, this resort sits on a wonderful beach with beautifully maintained grounds. Everything else is average at best. My biggest disappointment is management's lack of effort to rectify our problems. If you are an inexperienced traveler looking for a bargain, you will probably have a nice experience here. Others best go elsewhere. There are so many well-run resorts to choose from. Therefore I don't plan to return to Grand Palladium.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	3	3	1	-1	

<Author>mexicanblackman
<Content>beautiful beaches, staff had bad attitudes, and MONTEZUMA'S REVENGE all week lon Now I want to say that there was very many positive things to say about this trip. The beaches were the best I have even seen and been to, gorgeous blue/green water, soft powdery sand, fun rolling waves, nice shaded areas or sunny areas depending on what you were looking for, bars close by.many large pools. they could have an adults only pool though. children were not that much of a problem though because the pools are so large and expansive. several swim up bars. this was a major selling point to us. we were actually disappointed though. the swim up bar areas have some kind of gross smell around them (we have never smelled this at any other swim up bars). they let children sit on the stools, which they did frequently, and adults did not feel comfortable hanging around the swim up bar area because of that. so all in all, the swim up bars lacked the fun swim up bar atmosphere that all the other swim up bars we have been to had. service is quick though because there are no patrons hanging at the swim up bars. just be sure to hold your breath because the moldly, funky smell is overpowering....there are many palapas and chairs at the pool areas, we did not hang out at the pool areas since we preferred the gorgeous beaches, but it didnt look like there would have been a problem finding a chair and a sunny or shady spot. they have some entertainment that my husband participated in, it is typical drinking activities, water volleyball, water polo, and dancing. good for all ages. can participate if you want, they will encourage you to participate but will not nag you to death.there are many salesman on the beach that will hassle you but a simple no will usually get rid of them pretty easily. be careful going off the resort grounds, right past the royal suites area of the beach is a bunch of locals with shops. they have nice fun stuff for sale but be prepared for them to all attack. they all run up to you and try to get you to come into their shop. if you are used to this (been to other countries where they sell like this, like jamaica) then you will not be scared, but if this is your first time, be careful, it can be overwhelming. on thursdays, they let the locals come onto the resort grounds to sell their products. be alert, these locals are super super super aggressive. do not be afraid to just run away as i had to at one point as the two sales people were fighting (almost pushing each other) over who was going to try to sell me stuff. the one guy would not let go of my hand. i finally yanked my hand free and ran into the lobby area. they are not allowed in there. and dont forget to negotiate. they will always give a price way over what they actually will be willing to accept.as for the staff in the resort, we found that they would serve you, but they did not seem happy about it. we did tip, tipped often, and it did not make much of a difference. we rarely saw smiles, or good attitudes. and boy did i get sick all week. you cannot drink the water and the resort has bottled water available. they claim that all their food prep is done with the bottled water. i do not believe that b/c i never drank tap water and i was sick all week. i could not go very far from the bathroom all week. Montezuma was getting revenge on me. i got sicker and sicker all week. i got better as soon as i got home. i think they did not purify the water that was used in the food prep. another strange thing. the palladium is built to 'blend in with the environment' as they claim. but at the cafeterias they pour the 20 oz bottles of water for you into glasses. it just seems wasteful to me. you would think they would have larger containers of purified water so not to use all that plastic. and i am not an enviromentalist at all and i was bothered by this. and if you are reading this review in english be aware there are mainly european tourists there that do not speak english, go topless on the beach, and wear tiny speedos.so all in all i would say, yes we did have fun on our vacation, there is never a bad day in paradise ever, but i just wanted to be honest on the not so positive things at this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	2	3	3	2	3	

<Author>chal1987
<Content>Brilliant Resort, would definately return Absolutely brilliant hotel. Have been to many hotels in the Carribbean and this was by far the best. I want to keep this concise so here we go...Facilities:The sporting facilities were far better than any other hotel, mini golf was a great laugh, paddle tennis was really fun. They also have tennis, volleyball, water sports, table tennis and its all included.Gym and Spa area are also very good.Food: Fantastic. The best variety and quality I have had in the Caribbean. The A la Carte restaurants were superb, especially the dominican one. After 2 weeks there was still so much variety we never got bored. My partner is one of the fussiest people I know and ate absolutely loads every day! You have a choice of 12 pizzas every meal and there is always something for everyone. The mexican buffet and oriental evening were outstanding.Weather:Brilliant as usual, 30-35 every day with clouds which made it bearable, came back with a brilliant tan.Beach:Gorgeous, can walk along it for hours. We walked for 2 hours to the Iberostar hotel we stayed at last year!Rooms: Gorgeous, you get a jacuzzi bath in the standard room! Very nice!Resort:Gorgeous grounds, dont listen to all these people moaning about getting around, its very easy! And if you dont want to walk just wait for the train, it takes you everywhere and we waited no longer than 10 mins for a train at any time-there is no rush on holiday!!I am a very, very fussy person and I'm not often impressed but I would 100% return to this hotel again. The staff are brilliant, there was loads to do, loads to eat. I would definately recommend this hotel to anyone without a moments hesitation.If your thinking of booking you wont be dissappointed.Feel free to ask me any questions.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>terre-neuvienne
<Content>Awesome vacation, but not a 5-star resort ...       Just like a postcard!  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	1	2	3	

<Author>HonestlyHonestly
<Content>Favorite Place in the World This was my second visit to the Grand Palladium. My first visit was in 1996 with my parents. The resort was just as I remembered ~ amazing. Beautiful staff, resort, beach, rooms, food, etc. I traveled with a friend. In 2010 I plan to return with my husband and two children. Staff-try to be prepared with a little English. Its respectful and helpful. They move a little slower than us Americans but join in, its part of vacation. They are so friendly and really are there to help you.Resort-tropical island with wonderfully manicured vegetation. Very easy to get around walking or riding inter-resort train. The nighttime shows are just right for the vacationer. The kids program appears to be very well managed. The kids all looked to be having fun but my kids will go prepared with some Spanish. Most travelers to the area are not English. The sports complex is wonderful with soccer fields, mini golf, life size chess, etc. Note if you have a traveler who really wants to party at night, there are places to go but its not over the top. The Spa and fitness room (large) were wonderful.Beach-the best! You do need to look for chairs in the morning if you want more than one or two. You can snorkel right from shore. There are places to eat and drink within the resort along the beach.Rooms-very clean! They have gone green so there are great features like your room card to run lights. Also, when you step out on the patio, the door opening triggers the air to go off in the room. So nice to see green.Food-there are a thousand choices that the beautifully presented buffet but this is not the US. You need to accept that things taste a little different than the US. I had no problem finding a ton to eat for each meal ~ too much. There are restaurants where you are served but I didn't find the food any fancier. You were just waited on.There is internet available for cost. Sometimes a wait but never frustrating. Great shops on site and a flea market that comes ~ great stuff to look at.All I can say to whoever is reading this. I love this resort and I would live the rest of my life there if I could afford it:)  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>dcake
<Content>Hot, Humid Wonderful Paradise Dominican Rep: Grand Palladium Punta Cana Resort and SpaDate: July 10-17/2008I returned from this resort and I had a wonderful time. The food is fantastic (mostly buffett), food servers are good, but the maid service is not that good-some are rude. Front desk staff were very helpful in providing information and directions if you wanted to venture outside of the resort, but I wouldn't recommend that if you don't speak Spanish. The entertainment (shows) needs improvement, but it's okay. The room is nice with marble floors and very good air conditioners (a MUST), clean and comfortable with separate toilet and shower. The sea is gorgeous and warm with plenty of pricey water sports to enjoy. The overall service and attention wasn't the most outstanding, just your average service were you have to ask once maybe twice for something before you get it. The resort is BEAUTIFUL, I promise! Majority of hotel staff (multi-lingual) are friendly and helpful, except for that one maid who took back the extra towel she gave me with an attitude, and then she didn't want to provide facial towels. My experience was good and for all-inclusive, you get a lot. I give this place a two thumbs up, if that mean anything.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>Latinathang
<Content>A Great Resort and Stay .... just a few details need attention I really enjoyed my stay at this resort and I would recommend the resort to other travelers. Just a few details I think they should work on:1) All the pools at the resort close too early 7 p.m.2) The room only had one large towel and no facial towels. When we requested more towels the housekeeping staff was not friendly about giving more towels.3) The shower drain was clogged.4) My room smelled like smoke.5) The pool towels - they ran out and informed us to return in one hour.6) The property train that goes around the hotel is supposed to run every 15 min - it runs more like every 20 to 30 min. 7) The satellite TV has interruption in service and not enough american channels.8) Had trouble plugging items (adaptors and appliances) into the room outlets - kept falling out of the outlet.9) Big Item - the common area lighting in the buildings and hallways are turned off at 1 a.m. If you return after that time it is scary and feels dangerous!10) Last Item - It is great the resort offers nightly shows and entertainment. However, they can improve a few of the shows such as the Ms. Palladium show was not good. The Master of Cermonies was very, very hard to understand in both english and spanish. The Dominican Cultural Show had very little to do with Dominican cultural dance and was more of a modern dance show.Other than those details... it really was a great experience!  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	3	4	

<Author>NomadGolfer
<Content>5 Star - No Way! A group of 8 of us arrived in Punta Cana on July 11th for what we thought was 7 nights in paradise but it didn't take long to figure out we were in for a long week. We booked 3 rooms through Apple Vacations and I emailed the resort the week before we left and requested rooms in building 2000 if they were available. We did get rooms in building 2000 and that was the highlight of the trip, from there on it was hit and miss. We missed the original orientation with our Apple rep and we re-scheduled a meeting with him later although he didn't act like he was to happy about it. We encountered a lot of that during our stay. The front desk staff, waiters and cooks were VERY RUDE! We speak very little Spanish but we have traveled to the D.R. and Mexico and never had a problem communicating. For a supposedly 5 star resort communication should not be a problem. I found it interesting that the staff could speak Spanish, French, German and Italian with no problem but acted like they didn't understand English. They obviously cater to the Europeans and treat Americans with no respect. Drink selection was the worst I have seen anywhere. I've never stayed at a resort in the D.R. that didn't know how to make a Sammy Sosa or that wouldn't even try to make a drink that you asked them to make. If it wasn't on the drink menu, Fuggedaboutit! The bartenders would not even attempt to make anything else no matter how much you tip. Bottom line is don't stay here, go somewhere else.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	2	1	2	

<Author>pinkangel36
<Content>Fantastic Holiday We stayed in the palladium punta cana from 3-18 July and we had a fantastic time. I have read a lot of reviews on this complex and i was worried but please ignore the people who have had a good moan, they must have been unlucky as we had no complaits. We stayed in room 4212 and had no problems with any of the room half way through the holiday my partner broke the toilet seat we didnt even report it and the next day once the cleaner had been it was fixed. and we wasnt charged for it. The cleaners start work at 8-5 so somtime in the morning it can be a little loud but we was up most days before 8. You can use all the other hotels resturants on the complex the best buffet for the evening we found was the bavaro it had a little more option, but the other buffets were fine. We tried all the a La Cartes except the Dominican,Italian a la Carte are amazing, the others were all very good we couldnt complain. The Staff are all very friendly there english isnt the best i must admit but your in there country so maybe try and learn a few phases if not dont worry as we didnt and we was fine. The beach was amazing but dont sun bath there the first day we burnt to a crisp! HA HA AS FOR THE TOWELS there is loads of people saying you have to get up at 6am to put towels down.... this is Crap! the latest we put our towels down was just after 8 to make sure we had a parasol and there was still loungers left. sometime when we got up late and didnt get down to 9 we couldnt get a parasol. we did our trips through the reps as you dont want to be ripped off by someone down the beach. we did Soana island and speedboats both fun. There wasnt meny english people when we was there manly american and spanish. Overall we had a great holiday and had no complaints.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>donatodanny
<Content>Nice resort, great beach..but........a few things that did not make this 5 star       the grass huts looking into the ocean  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	4	5	3	5	3	

<Author>ChicaChicaToronto
<Content>Fun in the Sun but here's a few tips...       A view from the chair by the pool  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	1	2	-1	-1	

<Author>happykath8
<Content>Great vacation for the price Arrived in Punta Cana on time, after a great flight with West Jet, lots of leg room and tv's in the back of the seats, you had to pay for movies but had lots of tv channels to watch, until we got closer to DR when the signal was lost.Very easy getting through the airport, West Jet had included the tourist card so didn't have to pay the $10 to get into the country.Had a bit of trouble finding the West Jet bus they needed a rep there to guide you. Only had a couple of stops before we were dropped off, after an interesting drive from the airport.No bell boys to greet us at the entrance unlike the other hotels we had stopped at, but they did show up later. Check in was easy as there weren't to many people. Didn't get in the blocks we had requested but did get rooms close to the rest of our group.We were in 6514 which overlooked the tennis courts, not the greatest location, my sister was disappointed with the room as it didn't look like the room in the picture, no jacuzzi tub in the room, we did ask to move but were told they were full, we did actually hear another couple who had missed there flight ask if they could stay for another night, and they were told that no rooms were available. My daughter and her boyfriend who had a king bed, did get the bath tub in the room. We talked to our rep the next day and she said although it is low season they were having trouble with the air conditioning in some of the rooms, and did see them doing some repairs, on some of the rooms. We could have upgraded to a suite for $15 per person per night, but for the amount of time you spend in your room we thought it was better to spend the money on trips.Beach was great, sea was lovely and warm, there were vendors coming up and down the beach but they didn't really bother you, just told them no gracias and they would walk off. Lots of water sports kayaks, windsurfers, catamarans, etc. Lots of the spots were saved under the umbrellas, but it wasn't impossible. Lots of pools to sit by, we found a nice shady one in the Bavaro section, just discovered it by accident. Lots of photo ops, they come around with monkeys, parrots, snakes you can purchase the pics from them later for $7.The resort is large went around on the train a few times, I think they had two, tended to be pretty full at night, but walking around the resort wasn't difficult, although they could have used a few more signs, we always took the map and the info sheet we got a check in, so we never got lost.Food was great, ate at the buffet in the Punta Cana section which was pretty good, lots of selection for breakfast, the only problem in that restaurant was that there didn't seem to be any air conditioning, I found it very hot even first thing in the morning. Very friendly staff especially in the evening. Ate at all the buffets La Catedral, had air conditioning and it is the largest of the restaurants, I think they all had pretty much the same food, had different theme nights every night, so food was different each night. We didn't have to reserve at the a la carte's, not sure if this was because it was low season, but it was really nice not to have to prearrange where you were eating in the morning. We tried the Italian which was really nice quite a small restaurant but very nice food and service.Also tried El Ariciffe on the beach, food wasn't bad but service was very slow, this was a larger restaurant, so maybe was because they didn't have enough staff, which was unusual as every where else was well staffed.Lots of bars to visit, found Hemingways but if you hadn't known about it, it would have been easy to miss, this was a very nice bar quiet and off the beaten track.Gardens were beautiful, some parts seemed more mature than others.Shows were mostly great, the dancers were a lot more professional than at other resorts we've been to, there was a really funny night were they ended up with men dressed as females haven't laughed so much in ages.Went on one trip the Monster Truck trip, had about an hours drive to Higuey were we picked up the truck, had a great tour guide who spoke great English he had lived in the USA but had come home because he loved it, so we learned a lot about the country. Stopped at some interesting places, I'd brought presents for the kids, on some of the stops they practically snatched stuff out of your hands, it was really bad when we went to the voodoo village were there were a lot of Haitian workers, there the kids were trying to get you to give them your glasses and hats, I gave my gifts to a police officer they had there and he handed them out.We paid just over $1000 each from West Jet Vacations, and having stayed at other resorts for similar prices in Cuba, though this was definately better.Check out was 12 noon which was perfect for us, as our pick up was 12.30 getting through the airport was easy, flight was on time, and had a great flight home. All in all a fantastic trip would definately go back.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	2	4	3	4	4	

<Author>Colzy78
<Content>Dream Holiday Became Reality Amazing My boyfriend and I stayed at the Grand Palladium Punta Cana from 5th June - 19th June and had the most amazing time. I really can not understand the bad reviews this hotel really does not deserve it. All I can say is the people writing bad reviews must have unrealistic expectations. We met lots of English and Americans and the staff treat everyone the same. Check in: Quick, friendly and yes they do speak very good english. We even asked for an upgrade but we were told we could at a cheap price but our room was very nice anyway! Could of easily got more money from us but did not. Very honest and helpfulRoom: Amazing, Jacuzzi, King size bed, separate shower and toilet, Clean, Comfortable beds and pillows, NO musty smell, No bugs. Face clothes provided, clean towels every day, Mini bar stocked daily. Maids: Fantastic, Friendly, Towel arrangements and flowers left daily. Pools: Very good, lots of sun beds and shade, pool side service. Pool was a little dirty one day after a tropical storm but was soon cleaned. Beach: Amazing, lots of beds, we had no problem finding shade. Very safe water. Food: I am a very fussy eater but both the buffet and ala cartes served very good food. Lots to choose from and very well cooked. Staff: Many people have said they do not speak English! We do not speak any spanish at all yet we had no problems having conversations will ALL of the staff. They were even teaching us Spanish!Drinks: Very generous with the alcohol! Excursions: Plenty to do. We did the helicopter flight, Bavaro Splash, Carribean Fetsival and the best was the Buggies by Exreme Adventure. Would return in a heart beat, do not worry just go!  
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>misses1223
<Content>whay a GREAT place to vacation my husband and i were there june 29 till july 6. we had a great time.dont let people fool you about these negitive reveiws because all of the this i was conserned about from reading reveiws we never came across. The grounds a beautiful. we were in thr honeymoon suite right on the beach. that was cool, we alwaysate at a new place every night. the buffet not up my alley but we had lunch there everyday and it was right by our room. we always were able to find a chair at the beach and at the pool no problems. there is always something going on somewhere. we mostly did the cosino at night though, we did not care much for the shows.not to worry about the language barrior cuz there no proplem at this resort everyone seems to know some english or you can point they will get you. just say hola! to everyone with a sime they will love you. Whith a small tip like a buck or two goes a long way and they really seem to appreciate it.we went on the reaf explorer and deep sea fishing. that was great! we also went parasailing and got couples massages on the beach. i would do it all again i have been around the islands some and this really is paradise. in talking to peolpe from other hotels really made us fell like we made a good choice with this one. just so you know its ok to go topless at the pool and the beach if you are concerned of that sort of thing. we mostly hung at our pool and it is a good idea to bring a insolated mug to fill up cuz drinks melt quick.my only dislike was the quilt on the bed i tosses it each night and got an extra sheet yucccthe food at the al carte was great but guy have to were pantsi will go back there!  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	5	5	

<Author>AlwaysGoneInSummer
<Content>Not impressed one bit! I've been to many resorts all over the Caribbean and this by far was the most interesting. Being American, I've never felt unappreciated when traveling but I definitely did at the Grand Palladium. From the very beginning, I was a little leary but nonetheless optimistic; having read many of the reviews here but the scenery from the airport to the resort honestly...had me nervous. It was hard to imagine that an upscale resort would be smack in the middle of what looked like a war-stricken city. But low and behold after a 25 minute ride we arrived.The check-in process was extremely quick and easy and the desk staff all spoke English very well. But apparently...they were the only ones. Although I knew the native languare was Spanish, I guess I just expected too much. ROOMS: Our travel agent had already told us to bring air freshener because the rooms at the Grand Palladium were known to have a slight odor when you first open the door because of the high humidity and the type of HVAC system the resort had. Well slight odor was an understatement. The room smelled like sweatsocks and although it did dissipate after using Lysol, candles and buring insence; it never completely went away. I don't know about anyone else, but I don't want to spend the kind of money we did per night ever again and have to contend with sleeping in what smelled like an old gym. The other thing that really burned me was that everyday our room was cleaned, the housekeeping staff never left face cloths. So every evening we had to go through 3,4 sometimes 5 different people to get someone to understand what exactly we needed. After a long hot day in the sun, it was rather irritating to have to wait up to 90 minutes to be able to shower because we had to wait for someone to bring clean face cloths. By the third day, we just hid the used ones in our luggage so they wouldn't take them when they cleaned. The bathrooms in the rooms were a little yucky as well. I'm not sure if it was the color of the marble in the shower stall that made it seem dirty and mildewyor what but even after housekeeping was in there was no smell of disinfectant or anything so you didn't know if it had really been cleaned or not.BEACH: I was really bothered by the annoying, over aggressive vultures trying to sell you things on the beach. I was there to relax. If I was interested in shopping I would have gone to visit the shops at the other end of the beach. I really think there is something more that the management of the resort can do to prevent this on their section of beach and I strongly recommend that they do. FOOD: We ate in every restaurant at the resort while we were there...all 11; and although good, I would not say they were 5 NOT 5 star . The Behique was the better location for lunch with great service and smiling wait staff. Cantina Mariachi and Bamboo were the better a la carte restaurants for dinner. El Quijote wasn't bad either. Arrecife has a wonderful t-bone steak but you'd better not ask for it well-done because it just won't happen. Mare Nostrum's sauces were rather watery and the salad bar was skimpy. The Royal Gourmet and La Uva were very loud, stifling hot and the service was very slow.SHOWS: The acoutics in the amphitheaters was poor so it made it very difficult to understand what was being said, particularly when the emcee spoke in several different languages rapid fire. But the actual shows were awesome each night!POOLS: The pools needed to be emptied, cleaned and rechlorinated; especially the ones with swim up bars. There were straws and empty cups floating in the one near Behique each time we visited. EXCURSIONS: We booked our excursions through Apple Vacations. The ATV riding was a lot of fun and well worth the $85. The ride to the meeting spot was rather long and exciting, but the ride along the beach front was great! Manati Park was a bust though. Not worth $10 let alone $30. It billed as a tropical zoo...but it it's a 1/4 acre dirt pad with 20 animals in the middle of nowhere with overpriced photographs and food. Overall, the Grand Palladium is overpriced because the little annoyances just added upt too quickly. I would visit the island again, but not this particular resort.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	3	2	5	2	5	

<Author>cmcbass
<Content>Not a 4 Star This is not a 4 star hotel; more like 2. We arrived on July 11th, and I told my husband not to unpack. We had to wait for the travel company representative to come to the resort (approx. 5 hours) in the evening, and in the meantime had a meal which was edible, but nothing more. When the agent arrived, I told him I'm sure some folks like it, but not up to my standards. The room needed updating, the bedding and sofa were old and worn. I didn't even want to touch the furniture in my room (#2007). Be careful when you book; there are 4 different sections of the hotel: The Royal, Bavaro, Palace and Punta Cana. The Punta Cana is the lowest ranked. If you like: The Ritz Carlton, Four Seasons, Fairmont Hotels, etc. (4 star hotels), this will never do. If you like: Holiday Inns, Quality Inns, Ramadas, etc., this is your place! Don't want to sound snobby, but my rule is that my vacation place should be at least as good if not better than what I have at home. This didn't cut it. I like a little luxury when I can get it once or twice a year on vacation. Nothing luxurious about this place.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	2	-1	-1	

<Author>wissa
<Content>The beach was the best part ! Where do I even begin. . . . . . well to start, it was a beuatiful place,I will give It that ! Every thing you would want it to look like for the caribbean. Beaches that are absolutley breath taking. The rooms were nice except the shower leaked very bad, and would not always stay on. It was a detachable shower head so you pushed a button to kick it on. So me and my boyfriend held the button for eachother so we were able to take a shower. We stayed in block 2000 which was conviently located by the pool. We were not a fan of the rock hard bed and pillows. But we were on the third floor with a lovley few of the pool, only bad thing with that if you are sleeping in past 9:30 the noise was annoying. The staff.........the maids were awesome fantastic job and would always have a smile on there faces! Enertainment staff also a better part of the trip very friendly and the only people there who can somewhat carry on a converstation with you. The front desk was ok some were rude some friendly. It would have been nice if they would have spoke even a little english. Bartenders and waiters forget it the bad out weighed the good with them. The food was awful, terrible, disgusting!!!!!!!!!!! You also had to drink 40 drinks befor the alcohol would even hit you. So all in all are trip was not great this place should not rate a #6 thats hysterical. No one speaks any english and it seemed like all europeans vacationed here. Few Americans and Canadians to be found.If you are either of these i dont reccomend this hotel. We will never come back or ever travel to punta cana again.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	3	1	-1	

<Author>kml2001
<Content>Peace and Tranquility We absolutely loved our stay at the Grand Palladium. I read a number of negative reveiws prior to leaving so I was really not expecting much. I would have to say the negative reviews are more a result of the reviewer than the resort. The entire time we were there we were treated like an honored guest with the exception of the casino. Most of the staff does speak spanish, but they understand many english phrases. It is a matter of finding the correct word. An important word to remember is toilet for the bathroom. I did not notice whether or not drinks were watered down, if they were it didn't affect the taste. We stayed in the Royal Suites and would definately go back. This is a quieter section of the resort which was preferred by us. We still had the option to head for the hustle and bustle if we chose to. We tried a number of restaurants and the food was good. I wouldn't consider it 4 Stars, but definately very appealing and tastey. We ate most of our meals at the Royal Gourmet as there was never a wait and we really enjoyed the staff there.We gave small gifts to several staff members that left an impression on us. I made gift bags with shampoo, body spray, gum, hair accessories and money. I think I enjoyed their appreciation more then they enjoyed the gift. Tipping in the restaurants was quite challenging. We had an average of four five people a meal waiting on us. We learned from our host on the Bavarro Runner that if you leave a tip on the table it has to be split with the boss, if you give a tip to the boss he keeps all of it. The best advise for tipping is to give it directly to the person you would like to have it. I didn't notice tipping made any difference in the service we received, but it definately made a difference to the staff.We did two excursions during our stay: the Carribean Festival and the Bavaro Runner. I strongly recommend the Barvara Runner to anyone visiting the Dominican. You tour the real Dominican. We had a superb host and we were able to see the country through his eyes. If you decide to take this excursion you will meet many people. Bring candy, coloring books, school supplies, clothes, etc for the children. They are so appreciative of the smallest gift. If you are going to take this trip, do it early in your vacation because you will appreciate the resort even more after the excursion. During the Carribean Festival we swam with sharks and stingrays and went snorkling. The sharks and stingrays are enclosed in the swimming area. It was fun, but the entertainment on the boat was definately the highlight of the trip.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>lryan6279
<Content>The complete truth from a british point of view! Ok, I booked this holiday for myself, partner and our 4 year olf daughter. We thought it was going to be luxurious after looking at the pictures on the first choice website. This review is totally honest and i will go through the main pionts individually.ok, reception staff - alot of people have complained about the reception staff as being rude but i only found one of them to be rude, his name was jesus funny enough. On arrival we were taken to our room in the 2000 block which was really nice. However, my daughter was provided with a couch pull out bed which would have been ok but the metal spings on the side of the bed were bent and so they stuck out quite danerously as they were really sharp. My little girl banged her elbow straight away and so we asked them to replace the couch bed with a normal bed which never happened. Jesus was extremely rude to me and I was not impressed by his attitude. my partner complained to the manager who dealt with the problem by offering us other rooms that were smaller so in the end we stuck with the room we had. We never got a replacement bed so I simply stuck towels around the shap parts of the pull out to make it safer for my daughter.Rooms- really nice but the shower leaks terribly as the bath is too far away form the shower and so it leaks everywhere all over the floor leading into the bedroom. Apart from this the room was really nice, extremely modern and clean. We stayed in block 2000 which was close to everything.The grounds - very impressive and well maintained. The overall grounds are lovely and it was nice walking in the evening to and from various buffets and theatres.Food - ok, this is my main compalint. Bavaro buffet was the best and couldn't complain about a thing. For evening meal - go to this buffet as its simply the best with lots of choices available! Now the bad bits - Punta cana beach grill is awful, hardly any choice and on numerous occasions the chef on the grill would pick up raw meat and then pick up the cooked meat and put it on your plate. We compalined about this and was told he would be told how dangerous this was. however, this continued and so we didn't eat any fresh meat throughout our stay. i suffered a dodgy tummy the first week and suspect it was down to eating form the grill before I noticed what the chef was doing. I noticed the same thing in the bavaro grill as well.A la cartes - nothing special to tell you the turth as most food in the a la carte restauarntes are available in the buffet restaurantes depending on what day you go as they have themed buffets, eg, mexican, chinese, etc. Went to the italian a la carte and was really enjoying being waited on when a massive RAT ran out in front of our table and sat in the corner of the restaurant! It was absolutely massive and came directly from the kitchen. My stomach turned and we walked straught out of the restaurant. no one esle seemed bothered about this which shocked us. Apparentely this happend on another night as well as my partner heard someone complaining about this and it wasn't on the night we went! This is not something you expect from a hotel that is supposed to be 4* to 5*.Pools - been to lots of carribean hotels with lower ratings and cheaper than the palladium and was disspointed by the pool areas. All of the pools have missing tiles which would not cost hardly anything to fix. The Punta Cana pool has lights floating in it. The pavement around the pool has parts sticking up which could easily cause a serious accident. The palace pool looked nice but then half of the swim up bar has half of the marble covering missing which just looked really grotty. All the pools had dirty marks around the sides. The Bavaro pool was the worse - you can actually feel the grime on your feet inside and oustide the pool - it really lets the palladium down. The thing is that little things like this really let the hotel down as they are things that wouldn't costs much to put right. Entertainment staff - the staff were lovely but English isn't their best language. i ofund they catered more for foreigh toursits. But they were always happy and fun! They worked really hard and were very nice to my little girl which was lovely. the theatres are too hot and stuffy especially the kids disco. my little girl looked like she was goingt o faint as they do it on the stage and the kids are sweating due to the powerful disoc lights on them.Childrens club - staff weren't that interested in doing activities with the younger kids. i dont leave my duaghter with strangers and so go with her to the childrens club to watch her participate but the staff just sat round a table gabbing and arguing amongst theirsleves leaving me to find someting for my daughter to do. If your child is like mine and loves making lots of friends and having fun in the childrens disco then I woudln't go to the palladium as there was hardly any English and so my daughter had no one to mix with. When she did go to the kids club the staff's English was so poor they couldn't communicate with her so she was left out all the time.All in all, i think the palladium could be improved a lot but i dont think they are interested in making improvements as our first choice rep passed on our complaints and nothing was done about it. If your wanting to fork out on a luxourious holiday i would presonally go somewhere else as I dont think you get value for money as we have been other hotels that were just as nice for half the price.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	4	4	2	3	3	

<Author>Lili_m
<Content>Wonderful Vacation       water aerobics  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Mariat_8
<Content>Great Experience! I (25 y.o.) and my boyfriend (27 y.o.) stayed at this resort for 7 veeeeeeeeeery nice days. The overall impression- it simply was GREAT!After reading some of the reviews I was concerned about every single thing one possibly can be concerned of. We still booked!So:Airport check-in:Hated it! The girl at the counter told us that we should've arrive at least 2 hours prior to depature in order to get our seats together. She totally ignored us when we told her that we have spent almost 2 hours in line-up to her counter. Yet she advised us that we will be sitting across the aisle from each other. Here I have to mention that I am getting very sick every time I fly and I need someone to be with me at all the times. Well, guess what ?! The seats weren't even across the aisle..........and no opportunity to switch.Arrival/Check-in in the hotel:Great! Fast and problem free. It literally took as 5 minutes to get a room. The receptionist also advised us that dinner buffer was about to close but if we go immediatelly we still can make it on time. (A nice touch considering the frozen dinner we were served on a plane)RoomNice! Loved Jacuzzi...which we actually even used few time during our stay. Good bed...Very clean. Some reviews mentioned that rooms haven't been cleaned on a daily basis...Well, ours was cleaned daily: shampoos, soap refilled every couple of days or so. Same true for the mini-bar.FoodFood was great! Buffets were amazing. We didn鈥檛 even think about getting the food from elsewhere. I adored my morning omelets. Lunches had a great variety and dinners were awesome. We had 5 out of 7 dinners as al la carte. Loved it. - Mexican- amazing!-International(have seafood as well as selection of meats)-amazing main meal, except the portions were huge....I really regretted I couldn't finish the whole thing.-Trotonian (Italian?)- Pasta dish was nice...Chocolate truffles made my evening-Asian restaurant- Do not get sushi there and do not look forward to eating authentic Japanese, India, Thai cuisine. Food was great, however it was rather inspired by as opposed to real Asian food.- Spanish- it was simply good鈥?br/>The Sports Bar is open pretty much all the time. It looks like stereotypical bar...You can pick a burger, hot dog, sandwich and pizza slice as well as fries, nachos, popcorn, ice cream, simple salad. DrinksIt seemed to me that you could get them everywhere or at least almost everywhere. Use it to your adventure. Drink lots and lots of water. Bottled water (don鈥檛 even think about drinking tap water.) is available in every bar, buffet, restaurant, kiosks , your mini bar鈥?and the best part it is free!Pools / Water frontClean and well maintained. If you are not an earlier bird, it may take you a little longer to find the umbrella to hide from sun鈥?A lot of sidewalks also have sort of a roof over them. It prevented me from burning鈥?Entertainment/ShoppingCasino and disco are located on premises. We also found it fun just to walk around (resort was so large that they even have a train to take you around). Spa was amazing鈥 got a massage and I wasn鈥檛 disappointed. We only made it to one night show and it was good.We took two excursions: swimming with the sharks and bavaro runners. I would highly recommend taking those. Loved it, loved it, and loved it! I wish we could go for more, but from previous experience 2 are usually a good number for one week stay.I wouldn鈥檛 recommend an unescorted tour of the town鈥f you were to tell me the same thing a week ago, I would laugh at you鈥ere the reasons I changed my opinion: the armed policeman in the cabin of the excursion car as well as our own attempt to get to the town. There is a little crafts market on the beach right on the border of the hotel and leading to the town. Unless you have the strong nerves, do not go鈥hey literally drag you into their stores 鈥?It is very annoying especially the way they try to make you feel bad about not getting anything from them. So, where you get all that stuff people expect you to bring? 1) Hotel has few souvenir shops. Believe me, prices are either the same or in most cases cheaper than the market and the best part is that no one harasses you to buy things. You like it- you buy it!2) On Friday and Saturday we had a set up in the hotel itself. Things they sell look the same to me鈥t seems to be organized thing, i.e. they do call you to look but if you say no once generally leave you alone. 3) I have seen the guided excursion to the city with the shopping part to it. We didn鈥檛 go, but think that it is also safer way to look at the city as opposed to go by yourself.Hotel staff deserves the special mention. They were always friendly and always willing to help. All of them speak Spanish, some 鈥揈nglish, some French or German. Even without the common language they tried to understand you and help you with whatever you need. Also all signs in buffets, restaurants, menus, bars are in four languages. Excursions are also available in both French and English. We are definitely coming back to Palladium either @ Punta Cana or other locations (I just have to make sure not to use the same airline)!  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Beachbaby771
<Content>Big and Beautiful       Beach in front of the hotel  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>fitnessgal
<Content>Grand Palladium Punta Cana Resort vacation My girlfriend and I stayed at the Grand Palladium, Punta Canna Resort and Spa for 7 nights. We booked our trip through Apple Vacations, which we highly recommend. Their all inclusive prices were great, their on site representatives made sure we were happy and well informed about tours, and a variety of general information. We had a great time and enjoyed our stay in this beautiful resort. What we loved the most we had access to all three Grand Palladium Resorts, all within walking distance. These resorts sit in 80 acres of beautiful grounds.The rooms were incredible, and let's see, the beach, the pools, the variety of restaurants on the premises, the service the people could not do enough for us. Of course you always find a few people complaining about this and that, but they are usually people that are miserable anywhere they go. Please when you visit this incredilbe island, be respectful to the locals. They don't all speak english, but they make sure they accomodate you at 120%. You get service with a wonderful smile. Some speak English, German, French and their native language which is Spanish. They are simple, happy and wonderful people to be around. If you are the type that likes to venture on your own to explore the island, this is not a good idea. The hotels offer many incredible daily escorted tours that you can explore and feel very safe. The Grand Palladium resorts accomodate Europeans, Canadians, Latin Americans and Americans. You will meet may people from these countries who bring their entire families at this resort from 4 years old to 75 years old. This resort is recommended for family vacations, honeymooners, singles, single parents and anyone who is looking to have a really fun, relaxing vacation by the sea. Neither one of us got sick. The weather in this island is in the mid 80's every day, year round. The hottest month is August (will not recommend you go then). It is sunny every day, it rains two times a day, for approximately 10-15 minutes every day (to water the beautiful flowers and trees and grounds), and then the beautiful sun shines again. If you do not want to get sick on this island, here are some suggestions. Do not drink their water, or use ice on your drinks (the water bottles are FREE all day long for you), do not use regular sink water in your coffee in your room (bottled water available for you in your mini bars and regular bars), avoid excessive all inclusive alcohol during the day especially the delicious fruity drinks. We only took one all day tour, The Bavaro Runners tour,which was incredible and a great eye opener as to how the locals live. We visited villages, people making coffee, cigars, sugar cane fields, a local gorgeous beach, horseback riding (optional ride),you will see plenty of local life. Bring the children crayons, coloring books, clothes, plenty of candy, or toys.The local children do not have any of these products available to them. The tour guides, ask if you are interested in sharing anything with the children (they do not recommend $$), and if you have to give, they make stops at the villages and bring the little kids on the buses to visit you and say Ola to you and Mucho Gracias with great smiling faces when you offer them anything. It is an awesome experience if you have the opportunity to do so. But enjoy what you have in your life and enjoy this beautiful country for a relaxing, fun and incredible vacation.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hunnio
<Content>Fantastic resort, amazing service       view from La Uva buffett a lovely place to lunch  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CoronitaExtra
<Content>Wonderful Vacation! Just got back from a 7 day stay with my 14 year old daughter and we had a fantastic time! The grounds are beautiful and the beach.... breathtaking!  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	3	5	4	

<Author>SkiGirl06
<Content>Great, relaxing vacation with beautiful beach I stayed here with my fiance for 7 days in may and we had a wonderful, relaxing trip. We stayed in a standard room which was very clean and basically served its purpose as a room to sleep in, but not much else. But we did not go for the rooms, we went for the beach!The beach at this resort is beautiful - they do a good job of leaving many of the trees to provide ambiance and shade versus some of the other resorts we saw which just plowed down all the trees to create a larger beach. The only complaint we have is that people get up early to get a chair under a hut, and save the chairs with their towels. After the first day, we learned to get up and reserve our spot around 8 am and then left to get breakfast or to take a walk. We noticed this didn't seem to be the case at other resorts-so its too bad it happens here.There was a good variety of restaurants-we were not limited. We enjoyed the italian and the seafood restaurants the most!The nightlife was not much for us, but we did attend a few shows. We are American and found the Michael Jackson show to be entertaining. The staff was very nice and pleasant to speak with - I also went to the spa one day and the staff was excellent.The price and value could not be beat, and the beaches were just perfect. We would recommend this resort and come back again.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Ginger095
<Content>Fantastic resort - can't understand the bad reviews... We have just returned from 2 weeks in this hotel and had a fantastic holiday!Normally what you see in the photos is not what you get - however this is not the case in this hotel, room was fab - bath great and general standards around the resort were excellent.Beach was gorgeous and clean with plenty of activities to keep by boyfriend entertained. Can't understand the previous comments about not getting sunbeds etc. we could walk out anytime anywhere and take our pick! Entertainment staff were great both day and night . . . don't know where they get all the energy from!!! In particular if your gain for a laugh the men vs. women and mr palladium nights are some of the highlights as well as the beach party.We went on the horseriding and speed boat excursions both of which were fab and were definetly worth the money...We also ate and drank our moneys worth and unlike previous reviews we did not get sick at all...Only downside was communication as I am vegetarian so trying to understand what I could and could not eat was difficult at the start. However WHY SHOULD everyone speak ENGLISH!!! Take a spanish phrase book with you and you'll have great fun learning the lingo!All in all met some great people and would definetly return sometime in the future.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>Kittie_013
<Content>LOVED IT! Amazing Vacation!! My Boyfriend and I just got back from an amazing trip at the Grand palladium Punta Cana. Couldn鈥檛 have asked for a better vacation, a few little mishaps but nothing that ruined the trip. During our stay our resort lost power and water for 2 hours. It happened around 7ish at night so it was a bit chaotic as people were getting ready for dinner. The staff was VERY accommodating and the bars stayed open so we made the best of our lack of power. Drinks were good met some great friend from Edmonton (Tory and family) My suggestion is to bring a flashlight. We were very happy that we did. The staff did hand out candles to everyone which did help our quite a bit. But it happens and you just have to make the best of the situation!! The Resort: This is a big resort and a little confusing your first day. I suggest hopping on the train in the day time and touring the resort that way and familiarize with everything; we did this and found it very helpful. There are 2 trains and come about every 10 min. We found this was a great way to get around when you don鈥檛 want to walk. The staff is very friendly and does their best to help you out. The grounds were amazing VERY well kept we always saw people out there working and cleaning.Bars: Best bartenders are Santo (at the lobby bar) and William he is at the pool bar. They were filling up our glasses before we were even finished it was great. We both found there was a great variety of different drinks and they are not cheap on the alcohol!! Great bar to visit is Hemingways, this is the premium bar with premium alcohol. We found they had Kaluah, something similar to Bailese called Cream Whisky, Smirnoff, Skyy Vodka, and Bombay just to name a few. We found this bar was a nice change not only did the drinks taste a bit better but it was nice and cool in there, very relaxing for an after dinner drink! Sports bar was by far our favourite as we frequent here every night to watch the games and relax, the food was pretty good esp the pizza. Disco was a lot of fun too they play a mix of music, and they do play some American music too. Food: Most of the time we did the buffets as they did have a nice variety. Everything was very tasty and sometimes we found there was too much to choose from (which was a good thing) We loved that they always had fresh fruit, and the ice cream machine was a nice added bonus. We went to the Italian restaurant once and wasn鈥檛 all that crazy for the food there, not sure if it was what I had but I preferred the buffets and their 鈥淚talian food鈥?much more. Beach: The beach was amazing! White sand, beautiful water and we never once had a problem finding a chair or a palpa. One thing we loved was the waterslide, this isn鈥檛 included at the resort but it鈥檚 worth the money if you like this type of thing. If you are looking to get your hair braided I got mine done at the very first shop just off the resort and paid $10 for half my head. Make sure to bargain with them, you usually get your way. Pools: Pools were very well maintained, always clean and again we never had a problem getting a chair or a palpa. Room: Our room was beautiful; we were I the 4000 block on the 3rd floor. The only things we wished (and I guess it鈥檚 because we鈥檙e spoiled as out home has central air) is the AC it could have been much cooler. We Avg about 24/25 everyday, but you are not in your room all that much so this wasn鈥檛 a big issue. All in all we had a great trip and will definitely go back to this resort in the heartbeat! My little rant: I find people pick on the little things when they go on vacation. If you sit there and pick apart all the little things you hate no wonder people have a miserable time! Remember your in a different country and on vacation, realx, enjoy and have a Margarita!  
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>charlene6
<Content>Most wonderful vacation       royal suites pool  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Lauroo80
<Content>Loved it! We (my mother and I) went June 7th-14th and had an incredible time. I honestly can't find any major faults with anything about the hotel or our vacation. There were a few small things (which I will mention) but absolutely nothing major or that would lower my rating of our holiday.The resort was quite close to the airport, I believe it took about 35-40 minutes by bus.The resort is pretty big, but you can definately walk around if you aren't lazy. From one corner to another really only takes 10-15 minutes of walking, but it is SO hot in the middle of the day that you won't want to walk. Morning time or after 6pm and you're fine. The train comes about every 20 minutes during the day, or every 10 minutes in the evening. I enjoyed hoping on the train and just riding around the resort a couple times every day just to check out the grounds.Our room was great. First of all, it was huge. The A/C worked fine, but we did hear from a few other people that they had to move rooms because the a/c in their room was not working when they checked in. We were in Block 4000. I would recommend Block 4000, 3000 or 2000 as they are the most centrally located to food, pools, the lobby and the beach. The end of our building was only about 20 meters from the beach, and the other end directly across from the Lobby.The room was cleaned emaculately every day. The cleaning lady would spend over an hour in there each morning. The bed was super comfortable, but as a few other people mentioned - the pillows smelled kind of musty. The sheets and pillowcases were changed daily but it was probably from the humidity. Our A/C worked great and the room was always cold. The mini bar guy came round every afternoon and checked our fridge. The TV was good - good selection of English, French, German, Spanish and Italian satellite channels.The food was excellent. We didn't even bother with any of the A La Cartes because I am greedy and wanted buffet. I thought the selection was excellent. During the whole week there were only 2 meals that I wasn't really impressed with/couldn't find much to eat that I liked. The selection was huge. Large salad bar, lots of fruit, desserts, ice cream machine, omelette station, pizzas, pastas, lots of meat, veg, etc etc. I am a bit of a health freak and I could ALWAYS find lots of tasty healthy choices - salads, veggies, lean meats, etc. But if you like burgers, pizza and fries - it's all there too. At the buffets, each week night has a different theme - Saturday is Spanish, Sunday is American, Monday is Mexican, Tuesday is Oriental, Wednesday is Italian, Thursday is Dominican and Friday is Gala Night. They were all incredible with the exception of the American night, which was lots of greasy stuff (go figure).The bars were all great. Good selection of tasty cocktails. The staff on the resort was really exceptionally friendly. The only guy I didn't find that friendly was one of the receptionists in the lobby. Other than that, the bar staff, restaurant staff, grounds guys, maids, etc were very friendly and always waved and said hello. Most of the staff don't speak a lot of English so if you know some basic conversational Spanish it will go a long way. Reception staff had great English though.The beach is absolutely stunning. I went jogging every morning at 7am and there were a lot of staff on clean up duty at that time, they keep the beach very clean. Water was warm and there was a great breeze on the water. Limited harrassment - occasionally staff would ask if you wanted to participate in volleyball, etc, but they never lingered or pushed you. We would go down to the beach around 9 or 10am and we never had any trouble finding chairs or a shaded area. I'm assuming it's a bit crazier in higher season. Someone mentioned that in June the resort was only 65% full, which was perfect in my opinion. The casino was okay, some slots and a few tables, nice atmosphere. There are 2 large theaters on the resort, both which have evening entertainment. The animation team and dancers were definately above average. The Michael Jackson show was great, and we saw a few others (International Dance show and some kind of Horrors show) both were okay. Costumes are amazing. They did Kareoke night on Saturday. After the shows, there is a disco from about 11:30pm-2am every night. Didn't hang around for any of these.The sports facilities were great. Mini golf, tennis, badminton, basketball courts, archery, and soccer field. Too hot to play anything from about 11am-6pm, but it was always busy in the early evenings. There's also a good gym facility attached to the spa, with free weights, weights machines, a few treadmills, stairclimbers and bikes. All brand new equipment. It was hot in there though!!Wicked holiday overall. Most of the people there were Spanish speaking, and some German and French. A few Brits, Canadians and Americans but English was the minority there.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>STozer89
<Content>Great hotel Me and my wife stayed at the Palladium Punta Cana from June 7 to 12th. Due to a medical issue we had to leave early but for the few days we were there we were thorougly impressed. The airport in punta cana was a breeze to get through.. No problems at all the the resort was about 30-40 minutes from the airport.The grounds were beautiful. Lots of palm trees and flower beds. The workers always kept things looking top notch.The rooms were very nice. The first room we had, the air conditioner didnt work. We couldnt adjust it. So we had a new room the next day with the help of our Westjet Rep Dominique Gosselin. The new room was basically the same thing, except the AC worked (trust me, you'll need it).Most staff were friendly but a few of the reception staff were somewhat rude and seemed like they didnt want to help you.All the bartenders and waitressing staff always had glasses full with drinks. Never had a problem getting drinks or waiting in lines.Food was definatley just alright. Breakfast and lunch were great. But we really had to stretch it at dinner to find something we liked. There was always fries, pizza, pasta, bread, fruit but that can get old really fast. We never left feeling hungry tho!Beach was beautiful but not very big. Sand was a very soft white and the ocean was a beautiful blue. Couldnt ask for anything more. The pools were always clean and maintained. They were shocked every night and filled in the early morning. We never had a problem getting benches to lay on at the pool or beach. Just get up a bit early and put your towels down just in case.All in all the hotel was great. Could have had a better selection of food but it wasnt that bad at all.Would definatley consider this resort again in the future if travelling to the dominican!  
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>chic9chica
<Content>Great Beach! Bad Service. The hotel is beautiful and sprawling. There are three resorts in one property. I didn鈥檛 have time to go around the whole resort and I stayed there for three days. Checking in, the hotel staff were very aloof not very friendly. The employees think that by acting snobbish people will think they are a higher class hotel. People like service not snobs when they are on vacation. They were semi nice to me because I am Dominican.We stayed in room 2126 and there was a bad smell in the room and on the pillows. The air conditioner was also very low. I would wake up in a sweat. The animation team by the pool were hilarious and extremely nice. The pools are great and really big. The beach of course is gorgeous. The drinks were watered down so beware. The food was okay. The best a la carte restaurants were the Spanish and Japanese. Avoid the steakhouse, it wasn鈥檛 that good. The 24 hour snack bar was also bad. The breakfast buffet was okay basic breakfast food. The train that takes you to the different locations around the resort take a really long time to pass by and they are almost always full during the night when everyone goes to dinner. So go to dinner early to avoid being stranded or having to walk to the restaurants in the heat.Overall it was an okay stay but nothing special. There are other hotels like the Paradisus that would be a better choice.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>HalifaxStylist
<Content>Highly Recommend!       the spa  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cidalianicole
<Content>Loved It! Hola!! Let me start off by saying that some people complain about everything and will never be happy. I like to stay at 4.5- 5 star resorts and this exceeded my standards! If you are looking for a great resort on a beautiful beach, this is the place to go! I am Travel Agent from Canada and I traveled to the Palladium Punta Cana from April 27 鈥?May 4, 2008. There were 7 of us ranging from ages 21-26.We booked through Apple Vacations and flew USA 3000. The flights were great and on time! Apple Vacations is a good company.We arrived at about noon and requested early check-in, which was granted to us! We stayed in block 2000. We had rooms 2029, 2028, and 2006. I would recommend Block 2000 as you are right beside the activity pool, a restaurant and right on the beach! It was about 30 steps from our room to the beach! It was a great location! Block 2000 or 3000 would be good.The rooms were great in the Punta Cana section. They cleaned the room in the morning and then maid on the late shift would come through and clean again and give you fresh towels. One of our rooms had 3 people in it, and when we arrived they already had the rollaway bed we requested in the room. The staff at the resort was great and very eager to please you.On the third day our air conditioning was pretty loud and making some weird noises. We called down at about 11am and they said they would come fix it. We got back to the room at around 1 and the air conditioning was fixed. It was great how fast they fixed it. That was really the only problem and I wouldn鈥檛 really call that a problem.Yes, the resort is large. But that is what I enjoyed about it the most. It didn鈥檛 feel crowded even though the resort was full. There is a tram going around. This is great if it is raining as it is covered. I found walking was the fastest way to get around as we beat the tram by 10 minutes at least every time.The food was great at this resort. There are so many restaurants to choose from. The Bavaro buffet was the best out of the buffets. The drinks were good and the bartenders were amazing! We loved Freddy at the Disco!! The disco was a good time. We had a great time because we met so many people and we made it fun. The sports bar is great because it is right beside the disco and open 24 hours. They have pizza, fries, nachos, sandwiches, desserts, salads, and tons to choose from at the sports bar! Great for after the disco!The grounds of the resort were kept very clean. The pools were amazing. Very big, free form, tones of room for everyone. We had no problem finding chairs at the beach or the pool at any time. We did see some people put their towels out the night before which I found ridiculous. There is a jetted tub in each bathroom which was nice. We did do excursions and booked through the Apple Vacations rep in the Bavaro lobby. I would highly recommend the Dolphin Island excursion! It is about $110 US but well worth it! All 7 of us were in the sea in a blocked off area with 2 dolphins. Very good value for your money! Also, we did the ATVS (so fun) and the Outback Safari! Our group recommends all 3 tours.The POP animation team is one of the best I have seen in my experiences at other resorts. They all can dance so well and try so hard to get everyone involved. You see them there at 9am and you see them at the disco at 11pm trying to get everyone involved. They work very hard and do an awesome job!I could go on forever about how great this resort it. We walked 2 and half hours down the beach and saw many resorts. I though the set up of ours was one of the best. Tons of palm trees as well! Some resorts barley had any! We found pools and restaurants on our last day that we didn鈥檛 even know existed! You can be active at this resort or you can relax in quieter areas of the resort.If you are looking for a great 4.5-5 star resort with good food, drinks and service with clean rooms, this is the resort to go to!!  
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>EveTO
<Content>Awesome! Loved It! We were there from the 18th to 24th of May, everything was perfect from the beginning. We travelled with Westjet at one point we had no satellite tv and the flight attendants didn't lose a moment to entertain us, we played a challenge that the whole airplane participated w toilet paper! We had a good laugh!! Our taxi ride was about 30 minutes to the hotel. It cost us 30$US. Although a guy at the airport was trying to get us a deal for $50. It was a bonus that we spoke spanish and bargained with another more reasonable taxi.Once we arrived at the Palladium we were served drinks while we waited for our check in. It was quick and efficient. We arrived around 3pm so right on time for there set check in time. Without delay we went to our rooms! Right near the pool and beach we were happy! The Animation team was awesome there was always something to do, waterpolo, kayaking and our favourite the slide on the beach! Although you do pay for it, it relieves the stress! The beach was gorgeous. Although if you want a beach chair you may have to get up early (6-7am)and reserve it with a towel or a personal clothing item, even when we left them behind and returned our items were still there.Resort food had a good variety and tasty, although we had some friends get sick after eating from the Chinese restaurant. On the beach you are offered often tours but with a polite no gracias they didn't insist. Because it is a big resort they have a train system which may not always be there as it is scheduled if they say 20mins double it. If you don't have a problem getting to know the resort and walking then this won't be a problem but it will be a long walk at times. But you are on vacation so take it all in.Spa - i had a facial and it was great. Although tardy by 30 mins. from my appt. scheduled time. The Jacuzzi's were awesome although you do have to make appt. for the time you want to go at.Overall I must say I was extremely impressed and would definitely recommend this resort!!  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>ustwi
<Content>50th Birthday Holiday! Fantastic!! Just back stayed 9th May /23rd . It was my 50th on the 9th and i had a wonderful birthday and holiday.On arriving at our room i was greeted with the musty smell everyone spoke of but thought nothing of it. Saw the huge bath in room and went to look for the shower room (block 300) there wasnt one, and there was no way with arthurtitus i could get into the bath lol!So we went to reception and explained this and within 5 mins were given a choice of 3 rooms in block 400, all of which had sepertate shower rooms. So we picked room 4118 wich had a partial sea view and access to all areas! Reception manager extremely helpful and very quick to please.The food was excellent i suffer with ibs and no problems whatsoever.My husband got a bad tummy but after watching his omelete being preapared we found out why, they put a ladle full of oil into the pan and you get it on your plate mixed in, so be wary of the omletes/.Great choice of food, non stop, only dissapointed at the amount of food they throw away when replacing it with new trays, they just throw it in the bin! tons of it.The beach was awsome, the views took my breath away. Always got somewhere with a chair. Did not do the towel game, no need to unless your choosy.#Pool and swim up bar fab! Bar staff excellent always new your drink.Casino was a fav of ours went most nights lol, up hundreds one night down the next but two weeks of fun, they all got up and sang happy birthday to me,market shopping a nightmare, we found the oil pictures for sale at the airport and hundreds of dollars cheaper! we bought one there. Very cheap duty free also.Did the snorkle trip with sharks and stingrays, Fantastic!!! cant swim lol but glad i took the plunge with a guide called Eddy, my husband felt i was safe so he could do diving ,Fab trip, would def reccomend .  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>kevinyork
<Content>Lovely food, drinks, gardens and beach-appalling reception staff       Beach  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	1	4	-1	

<Author>lomlrs
<Content>Wedding and Family Vacation We have just returned from a week of Caribbean heaven. We took our 5 children ranging from age16 to 20 with us to get married.We were choosing between 2 hotels and based on a review we read on tripadvisor we booked at this resort. We contacted Isyuney Peguero, the hotels wedding planner, she is amazing, very professional and so caring not leaving any details over looked. During the planning stages she was extremely accessible either via email or phone. She and Cely personally decorated our suite after the wedding. If you need a photographer make sure they book Arthur for you. He is a charm. We had a short power failure during the wedding and for our first dance...he sang to us so we would have music. The pictures he took are so creative and he gave us precious memories.Cely and Cesar (Bubble man) of guest service were very helpful always ready help you out, Jacques at the reception desk was very obliging and friendly always aiming to please. After the wedding we all got to enjoy the resort..Our 3 rooms were so clean and housekeeping were always so obliging. Our rooms we were just a few feet from either the pool or beach. We were spoiled by all the attention and gifts we received from the resort. We rarely saw our kids as they hopped from one pool to he next an enjoyed the ocean and everything else the resort had to offer. The resort is big with 4 different ones connected by a train that can take you from one to another. The music played on the train is infectious鈥t was fun day one but by day 7 there were 2 songs we would have made us loco if we heard it one more time.If there was a negative side it was the A La Carte restaurants. We tried 3 and were disappointed with the quality of the food; however, the service was impeccable. The Dominican restaurant lacked authentic Dominican speciality dishes which we were looking forward to trying. At the Oriental restaurant, the meals were undercooked and the prawns were so tiny. The 鈥淎merican鈥?overcooked the meat. We would recommend sticking with the buffets, they had something for everyone and offered theme nights that even if you didn鈥檛 like the theme they had so much more to choose from.鈥︹€?.They were all excellent we tried all 4. The kids enjoyed the 7/24 sports bar that had hamburgers, hotdogs, nachos, sandwiches and fries with fresh salad and ice cream.Overall the A la carte restaurants couldn鈥檛 even dent our vacation and we would return in a flash. We took 3 tours and if you only do one we would recommend the Country Adventure Tour. Gives you a real sense of the Dominican life and culture.We had a few issues but they were so minor, and could have happend at any hotel around the world...the most important factor was that they were willing for fix it immediately....Hola..see you there  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Toronto_Girl45
<Content>Hate to be back       Beautiful beach  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Goofball01
<Content>"Suffering from PPCVB (Post-Punta Cana Vacation Blues)"!! We just got back from the Grand Palladium-Punta Cana, and as you can tell from the title we're still coming to grips with being back in the real world. My wife and I thoroughly enjoyed the experience, and we can't wait to get back. Here are my thoughts on the visit:1. The resort itself is great; once we got use to our surroundings, we had no trouble getting around.2. Our room (4123) was nice and clean, and probably 50 yds from the beach.3. Speaking of the beach, this is one of THE NICEST stretches of shoreline I've ever visited. White sand, beautiful blue water--great place to be a beach bum!!!4.We didn't go to any of the al a carte restaurants (I didn't bring slacks), but we ate our fill at the buffets! (I think I liked the food better than my wife--my only complaint would be that foods were sometimes not as hot temp-wise as I would like.)5. The staff was great--friendly, and usually very attentive.NOTE THE FOLLOWING:* When you arrive at the airport in PC, you must pay a $10/person tax of some kind to get into the country. (Gouging, anyone??)* As mentioned before on here, there are topless women roaming about the beach. If this sort of thing offends you, I would advise staying away.* Lots of Europeans at this resort, and they are NOT friendly. * You will be advised to get to the airport 2.5 - 3 hours prior to your departure. Make sure to do this, as the airport was a mad-house when we left. *Also, if you buy alcohol, don't try to pack it in your carry-on, as it will be poured out!All in all, this was a great vacation, and we feel like we got our money's worth and more!  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Jessie330
<Content>Awful service at the Grand Palladium Punta Cana My husband and I and two children stayed at the Grand Palladium Punta Cana the 3rd week of April. We have travelled to different countries (mostly in the Carribean) in the past and we like Punta Cana because it's very affordable compared to other places like Barbados, St-Lucia and the Bahamas. By the way, this was our sixth trip to Punta Cana in the last 4 years, so we were able to compare the Palladium with other Punta Cana resorts.In terms of quality of service for the price we paid, the Palladium is a bit more affordable than other 4 and 5 star hotels. BUT, you do get what you pay for. And this was quite obvious starting with our arrival. The reception staff were all very rude and did not seem to care about us at all. At one point, in my best Spanish, I asked the reception supervisor where the washrooms were and he did not even have the decency to acknowledge me but just rudely raised his arm and gestured to his right (I was supposed to guess that the washrooms were at the end of the hallway towards the back of reception.) We also had a few minor problems with our room which could have been easily resolved, but we were disappointed once again with the reception staff's attitude (one staff practically laughed in our face when we asked about changing a light bulb that was burnt).Ok, enough complaining about the reception staff. Now for the rest of the hotel, the accommodation were ok. The rooms were clean but outdated. The bed covers were soiled and we found mold on them, but the sheets were clean. But we did not go to Punta Cana for the rooms, but rather for the beach. The maids seemed to be very nice and always said a cheery Hola or Buenos Dias. This was probably one of the most pleasant part of our vacation! The food at the restaurants was ok for the most part, but we became sick on our last day, despite being careful with what we ate. But I do believe that this can happen anywhere we travel and it may not be entirely a problem with the hotel itself, but rather just our immune and digestive system reacting to the different foods. Also, the service in the restaurants was good on some days, and really bad on others so it was pretty inconsistent, despite the (generous) tips we gave regularly.As for the beach, well, that is the best part! It is totally awesome like the rest of the other Punta Cana resorts' beaches. However, it's not as wide as other resorts' so, as some people have commented before, you have to get up very early to find a good spot or even find a chair. Overall, if I allow myself to compare the Grand Palladium with other Punta Cana resorts where we have stayed (like the Majestic, Iberostar Bavaro, the Excellence and the Riu Palace, all of which I would rate as strong 4 and 5 stars for their service, food, accommodations and beach), the Grand Palladium, however, gets only a 1 star rating. But, we would have given it a good 3 stars if it had not been for the rude and negligent service at the reception.  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	4	3	1	2	3	

<Author>bream-man
<Content>almost perfect holiday having read mixed reviews on this site we were not quite sure what to expect. We write as a 40 something English couple who have no option other than to suffer the terrible service industries thrust upon us in the uk : bad service, rip off prices, queues, small portions of mediocre food etc. Not to mention the traffic !Our opinion is that many of the complaints about this resort are from non uk residents who may be more familiar with higher standards of service/environment than we have in the uk. It is all relative and one has to balance everything before making an informed choice or judgement.The fact that hardly anyone including the staff spoke English was a blessing.We didnt have a clue what most people were talking about and it was great. The staff do their best even though some of them havent got a clue what you are talking about beyond basics but who cares ?POSITIVES-- clean, friendly, great food, lovely cold beer (that often refilled itself without asking) selection of proper cocktails, spacious pool areas and grounds, numerous bars and restaurants,large rooms with all inclusive mini bar (nice touch)NEGATIVES-- the shady spots on beach are reserved the night before, there is no problem getting a lounger but no way will you get shade. The people who do this dont occupy these beds until the hottest part of the day when they move in from the sun. Also men selling trips on beach are a real pain. The looky looky men are not a problem.One tip apart from ignoring them is to sit back from sea as they do not venture too far inlandCONCLUSION-- do yourself a favour and go  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	3	4	4	3	

<Author>freckleskf
<Content>no need to get up at 6.30am! We stayed at the Punta Cana in block 4000 for one week in May 2008. We had a fantastic time!! I read the reviews before booking and was fully prepared to get up and find a bed at the beach or the pool but there was no need at all - quiet week.The first morning, due to the time difference we were up early and at 6.30am there was no body in sight - we walked along the beach and it was very quiet, no problems with finding a sunbed - even at 10am we could find beds anywhere with ease. The room was very nice but maybe not worth the extra for the sea view as it wasn't that much of a sea view! The restaurants were all good with lots of variety at the buffet, something for everyone, you would have to be one very fussy eater not to find something you like!! The staff were all freindly and helpful, make sure you learn some Spanish before you go. As someone has previously mentioned, take lots of suncream and aftersun with you - it is very expensive in the shops - $25. Overall we had an amazing time and would definately go back to this hotel again, the Punta Cana Resort is in best location for the beach.  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>SarahPeach
<Content>Extremely Disappointed in Resort I have just returned from an 8 day trip with my boyfriend, sister and brother-in-law. All 4 have decided we will never go back to this resort.To start things off, the reception area was EXTREMELY rude. Their Supervisor was one of the worst. Asking politley gets you no where there. There are no ATM's or ways of taking out cash on the resort. They have little kiosks come in and set up stands to shop at except no way of getting money to buy at them. When booking excursions, cash only as well. The only way to get cash is paying for a cab to take you into to town to find one or buying chips at teh casino, spending a minimum of $20 at the tables then cashing in the balance of the chips you bought. If you want to spend money at the resort there is a $50 minimum with Credit Cards. Any questions we had for reception, our answers were one word answers that were said with a mean tone, as if we were disburbing them and were beneath them and a nasty glare to finish. The only smile we got was when they saw we were filling out comment cards about our stay, then they were as nice as can be.My sister and brother-in-law had used this as their honeymoon and received an upgrade....or what they thought would be an upgrade. They did receive a complimentary bottle of champagne which I will admit was extremly nice. The downside was they had no electricity and the staff had to override the system to give them electricity. When everything was up and running, their A/C went haywire. It went freezing cold (unable to adjust) or shut off complety. After 2 days of complaining and wasting time at reception they were moved to a new room. This room had a broken toilet seat that didnt stay on the toilet and a shower that drizzled bits of water. The food at the resort was not of the best quality. We ate at an a la carte and my boyfriend spent the rest of the night and last day there hugging porceline because of the food. We' re guessing it was the shrimp...We found it very difficult to ask staff anything since not many spoke any english. Most resorts I have been too have helpful staff that can speak some english at least but we found not many could and instead of finding someone to help you, they walked away.We watched them water down their booze, Beer included! It sure made us realize after a day of drinking non-stop in the sun why we all were feeling the same as when we started.The locals (when you get away from teh resorts) are amazing people. I highly recommend the ATV excursion into the country side. You get to meet locals from the villages and see what the country is really like. The little kids are just amazing. A 7 year-old child can speak perfect english and yet people at the resort can't tell me where the restroom is. If you go to the villages, please bring little things for the kids. The smile on their faces to get a sticker or bag of candy is priceless.  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>1	2	2	2	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>sjmd
<Content>Management Issues Arrival: $20 taxi if you speak Spanish and walk 200meters from the airport exit. At the hotel was a completely different situation. Had e-mailed ahead since this was a return trip to get the 3000 block. Arrived @ 500PM and given the room keys to a 4000 room. Told, somewhat snidely, that it was the better building. After a 12 hr total flight time with 3 friends arriving from 3 different cities, I was happy to be there so I did not argue. Opened the door to find a family packing who nicely told us that they would be done in an hour. Returned to check-in to be told that the could get the room ready in 1/2hr and that we should just go to the restaurant. Understanding that this was low season and that it was impossible to accomplish in 1/2hr, I thought it was reasonable that since this was much later than check-in time that maybe being upgraded to a suite would be reasonable. I was flatly told that there were none available but the manager told the receptionist in Spanish that we had not paid for it and we were NEVER to get this. The receptionist looked uncomfortable since I had just spoken to her in fluent Spanish(I am Asian so no one thought I spoke) but they would not budge. This would not even be a problem other than 1) We were all exhausted and sweating from long flights 2) the commentary was really insulting given that it was entirely their problem.Room: Large and clean. 2 beds were a bit small for 4 adults. Water was hot. A/C was the perfect temp. Beds are hard and pillows flat.Service: Usually excellent especially because they were so nice. Big exception was when we finally got the room, the minibar only had a half-used water bottle in it. Called 3 times and told it would be refilled. Had to bring the water bottle to the front desk again and finally it was filled.Food: Buffet's had a decent variety especially in the Catedral which is the largest. Favorite was the steakhouse even though the steak was very overdone but tasty. Don't get the shrimp there, it was just horrible. Hemingway's has the best variety of top-shelf drinks which just means Bombay gin and Stoli vodka but I wasn't picky.Activites: The club at night was hit or miss but they play a good variety especially on Sat. Tried to do archery but it was too difficult to schedule. There is the towel game but even during peak hours you can usually find some area under a tree.Overall a reasonable 3 star and it was OK because I paid a 3-star price since we were able to cram 4 adults into the room. If I got this service the first time I had come with my wife and paid significantly more, I would have much more annoyed. The positives are the variety of activities, food and, fortunately, personalities. Since it is geared more towards couples/families, I think they are much nicer to them...just my guess though I've noticed that the more negative reviews are single-sex groups.  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	1	4	4	

<Author>Glasscase_MM
<Content>Had an amazing time!!!!!! And here's why...       Pool and bar  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>CB&RC
<Content>Great Wedding and Vacation!!       I married my best friend!  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	2	4	3	

<Author>Millsem
<Content>Overall - great We're a couple in our late twenties, and stayed at this resort with another couple from May 4 - 11, 2008...we're now nice and relaxed! Overall, this was a really great place - we've travelled to many other AIs and this falls somewhere between a 4-4.5 star hotel based on experience.Check-in and check-out: seamless and quick - (other than the fact our bus left without us to the airport on the last day - however, not the resort's problem - guest services were wonderful about helping us -Candians beware of Conquest vacations - they were completely prepared to leave us stranded in DR) The welcome drink is a matter of luck - we didn't get one, but noticed that the group that arrived 20 minutes after us did - we weren't concerned, there's a bar within 25 meters of the front deskThe Rooms: stayed in the 3000 block - I have seen many pics with jacuzzi tubs located in the main portion of the room - not in this block - in fact, the rooms were truly the one really disappointing part of the hotel - the furniture was old and beat-up, as was the bedding - the comforter was visibly soiled, as were the decorative pillows - i'm not a germaphobe by any means - but avoided touching these items at all costs - just, yuck! The sheets were of course, changed each day, and were perfectly fine - the pillows for sleeping were small and lumpy - we tried 3 times to order 2 extra 'new' pillows, and in the end received 1 extra small lumpy pillow. The bathroom was lovely, towels always fresh, and in-room fridge loaded-up each day - tipped the maid $2-3 a day, but don't think this made a difference in service.Overall, didn't notice a lot of tipping going on at this resort compared to others, and really can't say that it made too much of a difference in service.Staff - 90% of the time cheerful and helpful - they appreciate your efforts at spanish - lots of European guests at this resorts - far fewer english speaking guests than other resorts I've been to as well - perhaps this is why the staff's english wasn't as profficent as at other resorts too. Still, never had major communication problemsBeach - incredible! - the towel game is ridiculous - i think it would be nice if the hotel had a no reservation policy, but it's really not worth getting too upset over - there's always somewhere to sit. The ocean water was a perfect temperature, and the soft white sand extends as far as you can wade in - very little seaweed or other debris. The grounds are impeccable - the groundsmen work hard throughout the heat of the day - walk around a little to appreciate how well everything is manicured.Activities - there is a LOT going on all here - at the beach, and at many of the pools there's constant action - games, aerobics, volleyball - you will be harrassed by the activity crew (P.O.P), so mentally prepare yourself! The vendors on the beach are also relentless - again, a little mental prep will do you good - we found that ignoring them actually works best (as completely rude as that sounds!) There is a marketplace a short walk down the beach where you can purchase souvenirs - we walked passed a couple of times while on walks and were completely harassed by shop owners - we actually decided to shop at the stores on the resort to avoid the harassment it was so unnerving! Some people love the thrill of bartering - we despise it, and just thought it was worth it to pay a little more $$ to avoid it.The Food - very good overallBuffetsBreakfast - excellent - make your own omelettes, smoothies, lots of fresh fruit, yogurt, variety of meats and hot items, pancakes, waffles, eggs everywhich way - pretty much any breakfast item you can think offLunch - El Behique is the biggest and nicest buffet, it's near the reception building - tons of variety everyday - and not the same items each day either - there are makings for incredible salads and sandwiches to your taste, along with a huge number of hot dishes - really, not too different from the dinner buffet.We also did lunch at the beachside grill - really good - hamburgers, hotdogs, pork, chicken - and toppings - it's also right next to a beach bar - it definitely satisfied my hot dog and beer craving!Dinner buffet: similar to lunch - had a theme each night, but could always count on salad bar, breads, cheeses, make your own pasta, pizza, and grill your own meats if you couldn't find something else - which I can't believe is possible!A la carte - went to 4Mexican - amazing - great salad bar, with wonderfully fresh guacamole - perfect fresh lime juice margaritas, and perfectly cooked seafood mains - this was by far the best meal!Seafood - nice variety of choice - i had the curried shrimp pasta which arrived with no shrimp and no curry - and waaay too much salt (which is a common thread for most a la carte items), but for a main had shrimp and fish skewers - perfectly charred but still moist - delicious.Asian - a strange mix of chinese, japanese, indian, and thai - had the sushi roll appetizer - was fine, very simple veggie fillings - and the chinese rice and shrimp stirfry - shrimp were well cooked but the sauce was simply soysauce and oil - too salty, and uninteresting flavourItalian - grilled veggie appetizer was very good and simply seasoned - 'raw beef slices' appetizer which I thought meant carpaccio, was really thin slices of yesterday's fully cooked roast beef - didn't taste bad, but not what was advertised! had veggie risotto for pasta course - i would not be surprised if it was a Lipton's Sidekick made to order - super salty, itsy bitsy grains of veg, and definitely not risotto-appropriate rice. For main, had veal picatta - over salted, tough, but on a bed of yummy veggies and potatoes with melted cheese and a nice little sauce. Dessert - tiramisu, which was did not resemble tiramasu in the least - it was a piece of fluffy white cake with a thin layer of chocolate icing in the middle - no coffee flavour, no lady fingers, no marscapone! shame shame! but really, Iyou shouldn't expect authentic italian, or authentic anything really (expect maybe dominican flavours) - it was yummy none the less - and the capuccino to end the meal was deeeelish...in fact all the coffee at this resort was great - order cafe con leche for a more north american style of coffee.Sports Bar - great for the late night tummy rumbles after some disco dancing next door - humungous BLTs - great grilled cheese and ham and cheese sandwiches - pizza, nachos, and salad bar are available 24 hours - handy dandy.I realize i rambled about the food - but really this can make or break a vaca for me! overall i was impressed by the variety and the a la carte choices, vegetarians would be completely happy with the variety at this resort too - oh, and the green olives, amazing!Night life - go to Hemmingways - it's located a short walk directly behind the Barcelo resort lobby - premium liquors are available - premium vodka, scotch, liquors, specialty coffees - we spent at least 3 nights there. The disco was fun and was busy on both nights we went - i've been to oterh resports where the discos were dead, so this was a nice change - a good mix of english and spanish music - and a great people watching venue!We went to one show - M.J. of course - as a fan of the man himself it was an impressive mimicry of the popular music videos - in a cheesy kind of way - it was entertaining - just not enough to make a return visit to any of the other shows.SPA - took advantage of the free offerings - you have to make an appointment to get in - but it's never too busy and nice and relaxing - a vapour room, a steam room, a couple of luke-warm hot tubs, a variety of different showers (cold water), pressure jets perfect for a 'free' massage, and some nice comfy loungers.Excursion - only did a 1 hour snorkeling jaunt - it was fun and there was lots of fish - most of the coral was dead, but the number and variety of fish made up for it - bring a few slices of bread or a banana, the fish will swim right up to you and eat from your hands.I think i hit the major points! feel free to contact me with any questions - just relax and enjoy your vacation here - don't get upset over small imperfections - the good points far outweigh the little oversights!  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	5	2	5	4	-1	

<Author>Maggy_83
<Content>Excellent Resort for Two Week Vacations!       beautiful grounds (Bavaro)  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	5	3	-1	

<Author>beachlover413
<Content>The good, the bad and the ugly A group of us (5 women friends) stayed a the Grand Palladium Punta Cana for 2 weeks in March. The hotel location is perfect and the beach is awesome! However, it's not very wide as some people commented, so you sometimes feel like sardines on top of one another. And a big problem is finding chairs in the morning. Luckily, we were early risers so were always able to always find a nice spot.Most employees are nice and friendly. However, the hotel management at the reception is not very helpful if you have problems. For instance, they put us in the Bavaro section at first and gave us a room far from the beach. We immediately asked to be relocated but were told we would have to come back the following day as they were overbooked. We specifically had booked with the Punta Cana section because it is closest to the beach and one of my friends has mobility problems so it made getting to the beach very difficult for her. The following day, it was again another hassle to try to get them to change us rooms, but they finally did later in the day after we complained enough (but we ended up losing 2 days over this). We also found the staff at reception to be rude with us even though we are all professional women and were very respectful with them.The hotel grounds are very beautiful and well kept and the beach is cleaned daily. We are not pool people so cannot comment on its cleanliness other than to say that it seemed nice when we walked by.The rooms were well maintained but no extras (no nice towel decoration, for instance) despite the huge tips and gifts we left daily. Also the rooms and amenities could use some updating. It was difficult to get extra towels and some of them were old and ripped at the edge, the shower leaked all over the bathroom, there was mold on the bed covers and on 2 of our pillows, etc.. The rooms had a musty smell and sometimes we did not get the room cleaned before quite late in the day, which was a nuisance since we liked taking our showers around 4 or 5 p.m.We ate at most A la carte restaurants, but the food was not much better than at the buffet restaurants, which was not that great. There was always something good to eat but not what you would expect at a 4 or 5 star hotel (I am comparing this to other hotels in Punta Cana where we have stayed in the past). The food at the Bahia Principe, for instance, was by far much better, (and so were the rooms and the service).One thing I would like to comment on is the constant sexual sollicitation by some male employees at the Palladium. I have vacationed with my friends before at other hotels, and the Palladium is the worst when it comes to sexual harassment. I noticed some comments about this below and I have to agree with Kathy1241. It was very annoying and sometimes scary as the males are very persistent, do not take no for an answer and will even try to follow you to your room, despite our saying NO to them. I personally witnessed a reception employee relentlessly follow a female tourist to her room, and they did not seem to be talking business (it was obvious there was inappropriate touching). It seemed like a disgrace for an employee to conduct himself this way. My friends and I are all married and have never encountered this problem when we travelled with our husbands nor when we travelled at other hotels by ourselves. Overall, this hotel has a lot of potential if they updated the rooms a bit and improved the service at reception and the quality of the food, as well as educated their male staff on how to treat women travellers. It is unfortunate that the sexual harassment is a deterrent for us to return to the Palladium, because the price is very good despite the few negatives I mentioned. But my friends and I agree that for now we would rather pay extra money to get better service and have peace of mind from getting sollicitated constantly (whether on the beach or just walking back to our rooms at night). I know that I would never send my daughter alone at the Palladium.If it had not been for the harassment and the bad reception manners, I would have given this hotel a 3.5 star.  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	4	3	1	2	3	

<Author>kathy1241
<Content>Good hotel but not 5 stars My friend and I stayed at the the GP Punta Cana in early April 2008. I usually travel with my husband and have stayed at 5 star hotels (like the Majestic and Gran Bahia Principe in Punta Cana). This time, I took a vacation with my friend. The hotel in general is very good. However, compared to the Majestic and the Gr. Bahia Principe, I would have to give this hotel a 3 or 3 1/2 stars at the most. The beach is very beautiful but it is not very wide. It is also very difficult to find chairs. We had to get up at 6:30 a.m. in order to reserve chairs on the beach. We don't like playing the towel games, but at this hotel, it's a must. There were many people having to sit on their towels all day, despite some chairs being occupied all day by a towel with no one in sight. However, the best thing about this hotel is that the rooms in the Punta Cana section are 2 steps to the beach (which is the reason my friend and I booked this hotel). So it was nice to not have to walk 15 minutes or have to take the tramway to the beach like at some other hotels. The rooms are nice but the furniture is old, bathrooms have a musty smell and could benefit from some renovations - jacuzzi did not work, cracks in marble floors and walls, etc. But nothing serious. We figured that we were not there for the rooms, but for the beach. Also, for some reason, our fridge was not stocked daily despite the $5 tips we left every day. We didn't mind too much but after the third day of having no soft drinks, we called the reception and they sent us some Diet Cokes a few hours later. The food at the Buffet Restaurants is not the best. However, you will not go hungry as there is lots of choice. But the food is not the same quality as at other hotels I have stayed in the past. We also ate at the seafood restaurant and paid a $30.00 supplement to have a lobster tail, and it was the worst I have ever eaten (it was burnt and tasted like burnt rubber) and the service at that restaurant was not very friendly. The waiters acted like snobs and did not smile very much (despite our being able to speak Spanish to them).The overall service at this hotel (including the reception, restaurants and rooms) was not the greatest either. I believe that it is probably because it was very busy that week (first week of April). The service was a hit or miss. But again, not the worst nor the friendliest I have ever had. But what bothered us the most was the constant sexual harassment from male staff on the animation team and also at the restaurants and even the reception. My friend and I both speak Spanish and were therefore able to tell them unequivocally that we were both happily married women and were not interested. However, there was constant propositioning from the male staff and even some of the female staff seemed to be in on it and helped their colleagues to try to convince us to meet them at the disco or have a romp session in our rooms with them (even though there is apparenlty a strict hotel rule against staff visiting tourists in their rooms). We were at first flattered, but then it got very tiresome after a while. I believe that the hotel management should be controlling this better (we were not the only women complaining of this type of harassment). Aside from the harassment, I would have to say that this hotel is good quality for the price we paid. But next trip, I would rather pay a bit extra and get better quality, especially with regards to the food, service and quality of the rooms.  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	2	3	2	

<Author>Cami
<Content>Not 5 stars!!!       Restaurant  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	3	3	3	

<Author>starse
<Content>Such great times we just had to go back Visited in 02.2007 for 2 weeks and returned in 10.2007 for a week because we loved it so much.Hotel: Can stay at one play at three, makes it a very large resort if you use all the facilities. Train to take you around the resort if required.Staff: Very friendly, very hard working. The P.O.P are great and welcoming. They ensure you are having a good time. Brought back gifts the second trip for some specific staff members. Very thankful and I think just happy to see a familiar face so to speak. Bartender Fredy is the best and P.O.P Kelvin too.Games are held on the beach during the day, pool games are held in the afternoon. Certificates are awarded before the shows if you win the competitions.Rooms: Very clean, some standard rooms are different; some have a small balcony with medium size bathroom and spacious sleeping area. Others have a larger balcony and large bathroom but smaller sleeping area. Some also have the Jacuzzi tub in the middle of roomish with a separate shower area for the romantics. Some have two floors - only saw through the windows.The shower/Jacuzzi combo - The showers do leak all over the place - not sure why they are set up this way.There is one stretch of rooms in the hotel that face a pathway that is used by all the local workers to travel back and forth to work and may not be your thing.Bar fridge only gets stocked every other day but tons of water available for you at bars and bars are plenty full if drinks are necessary. Pool bars close earlier in there off season, about 5pm, can't remember in the prime time. Grounds: Well maintained. Can often see workers in the trees cutting down coconuts. Stay on the pathways as suggested by the hotel - coconuts fall off fairly often and cause major damage to the ground so think twice of a snap shot off the beaten path.Lagoons throughout, Egrets and Flamingos and other birds can be seen up close in these ponds.Food: Buffets are good, large variety. Recommend switching it up for different atmospheres and different themes in each, each night. Bavaro Buffet for dinner has a bit better service I found.We were not huge fans of the Al la carte restaurants. Italian, Mexican and I can't remember the other one we went to. Second time around was a bit better, we did give them another shot. Did not do the seafood ones but heard that they were good.Food portions are over the top at the al la cartes so be prepared to eat.24 hr snack bar is great. They have really good pizza. This is also a 24 hr bar.Beach: Beautiful, goes forever, but..... This is the only resort I have had a hard time getting chairs at in the a.m. You usually need to be up at the crack of dawn to get one. PPL leave them for hours and hours with belongings on them which is kind of unfair seeing the left them.We would arrive home in the wee hours of the morning and rig up our towels etc on the chairs before we went to bed. Seemed to work if you are up. Sometimes if unmanned chairs were left for a long time with only a towel, ppl start to take the chair. I mean it is only fair.Excursions: We did Saona Island 鈥?worth the money. Catamaran trip to an Island, great lunch and all inclusive booze. Then you speed boat to a sand bar and get to hold star fish. They take your picture at the beginning of the trip and then when you return onto the bus they have a bottle of Rum with your picture on it for approx $13US. They also do a video of everyone鈥檚 trip but I think that is expensive. Deep-sea fishing was great if you do not get sea sick. They said the sea was calm the day we went out and 3 of 6 were sick. Caught a white Marlin and some local fish. Recommend only paying for 1 line if two ppl go because you can share, you all need to share the same line if you catch something anyway, and this will save you money.We also did a Jeep safari 鈥?Orange Jeeps 鈥?Not white. It takes you into the foothills. You see a local house where they make coconut oil and vanilla and sell it to tourists; you see other stuff like where bananas, coffee, pineapple etc grow. Read up on it, it was more interesting than I am making it out to be. All inclusive as well.Tourists: Not a lot of English speaking people. Wide range of ages.Hope that you enjoy your tip as much as we did.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>golf1962
<Content>Strong 4* Resort We stayed at this hotel from April 20 - April 27th. I would rate this resort a 4*. We stayed at the Majestic Colonial last year and we found that resort to be a 5*. The flight was great, and was on time both ways !! The flight attendants were more than friendly and offered great service. When we arrived at the airport there was lots of confusion. The signature rep was sending everyone to one corner instead of telling us what bus to get on. This was very frustrating for everyone. Once we arrived at the hotel, check-in went very quickly. We received a room in building 4000, (oceanview) which was very nice. The weather was very good but it did rain on two occassion for the entire afternoon.This resort is very large so be ready to wait for the train. The Hemmingway Bar is beautiful. This bar is located behind the Bavaro Lounge and serves great drinks. We had no problem getting into the restaurants at 7:00 p.m. The buffets offered a great variety of food as well.The beach is beautiful. I have to say that after being in Dominican Republic 8 times this was the smallest beach area I have seen and yes there is a problem getting lounge chairs if you get to the beach after 9:00. The 3 pools were well maintained and very refreshing. Now the negative;My husband tried booking golf on several occassions and each time, he received a different answer from the guest service representatives. He was informed that there were tournaments on the course when there wasn't tournaments and the price to golf, changed daily. After all of this, he decided not to golf. The Signature Representative at the hotel was not very helpful. If you asked him a question, he made you feel like you should know the answer and would look away when answering. Thankfully, we would find the answers to our questions on our own without having to approach him. Overall, we would rate this resort a 4*. We might consider returning to this hotel again. Have a great trip !!  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	3	2	

<Author>karena1
<Content>Wow, What a fantastic place Stayed from April 12-April 19, 2008About us: I am 51 and hubby is 63. We are totally beach people and love to just lay in the sun.Flew to Punta Cana from Miami. Airport at Punta Cana is the cutest little airport I have ever seen. Better than any other island airport we have been to. Very open and clean. Thatched hut roofs, girls dressed in costumes meet you when you arrive and take a picture with you. Band is playing. From the time we got there until we got into the cab was about an hour, so not bad. Immigration was a breeze, had to wait a little bit for the luggage, found our tour rep, and headed to the resort.Ride to the resort was about 25 minutes. From the moment we drove in, we were awed by how well kept and beautiful the place was. Gorgeous reception area with fresh flowers all over the place. We had asked our travel agent to request Bldg 2000, 3000, or 4000 with a room on the top floor. I also emailed the resort with the request before we left. We had a Deluxe Ocean View. Our request was granted and we go room 2219 on the 3rd floor. View was gorgeous. Room: Tub was in the bathroom, so had a huge tub/shower combo which was nice. Fresh flower petals all over the tub, sink, towel animals, and on top of the towels. So pretty. Big king size bed. Patio had 2 chairs and a table. Full size sofa, desk, cabinet for TV, fridge, etc. and another lower table. Room was very nice size. Loved everything about it. Maid was fabulous. Took some crayons/coloring books/pencils and left them for her along with a tip each day. Resort: Simply gorgeous. Grounds are so well kept, everything is so clean and well manicured. Our pool b/t Bld 2000 and 3000 was beautiful. Loved David, our bartender at the pool bar. Did not matter where you walked, you just saw gorgeous flowers, shrubs, etc. Don鈥檛 know what else to say except perfect.Food: IMO 鈥?if you can鈥檛 find something to eat, it is your own issue. I don鈥檛 eat meat except chic, and no seafood, and there was plenty for me. Hubby loved the variety of foods. We liked the buffets so much, we never ate at any of the ala carte鈥檚 until the last night, then we did the Mexican and it was really good. For the buffet, we liked El Cathedral by the Bavaro lobby the best. Presentation at all the restaurants was incredible, every night a different theme and all laid out to look absolutely gorgeous. Tons of different things to choose from. On Wed/Sat mornings they serve Mimosas in all the breakfast buffets, one night they gave out Tequila shots and one night some kind of liquor shots.Beach 鈥?Oh my God 鈥?we were in heaven. Gorgeous, gorgeous beach. You do have to play the towel game. I got up by 5:45 every morning to put our towels out and already must of the thatched huts were gone. I think people left them there overnight. I really don鈥檛 have an issue with people saving chairs, but it irks me when they never show up all day. That is just rude. I put our towels out, went for my walk, and by 8 or so we were out there and stayed all day. When we left to do a couple of snorkel trips, we took our stuff and freed up the chairs so someone else could use them. But The water, sand, beach, everything was just simply wonderful.Things to do 鈥?you can do as much or little as you want. The Animation team always had stuff going on. But they don鈥檛 bug you, they sometimes ask if you want to participate, if you say no, they leave you be. Same with the vendors, they do not bug you. They walk around with books, pictures. If you see something you want to do 鈥?like parasailing 鈥?you call them over and then they come and talk to you. Do big selling push at the beach at all.Marketplace 鈥?went a couple times up to the little marketplace outside the resort. Vendors were not any worse than any of the other islands, but you for sure have to barter. Never pay what they are asking. We bought some stuff at the little grocery. Presidente Lite in cans was around $15 for a 12 pack. No American beer there at all. The resort only served Presidente on tap, and I just could not do that all week. Also bought some champagne at the little store, about $13 a bottle so I could have mimosas down at the beach.Excursions 鈥?we Parasailed and that was fun. $85 for the both of us. We did the Tropical Storm snorkel trip and that was great. I think we paid around $168 including the tax. Would do this again. Also did the Marinarium and that was around $160, it was okay, but would not do it again. They make you stay in the group to snorkel and that is just not what we like. So had fun, but will try a different one next time.Overall, perfect week and we are already planning to go back in 2 years. Next year we are already booked in St Thomas for a week or we would go back to PC again. Will spend many years at this resort. It was fabulous.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>nitroSurrey
<Content>Like an unreal dream come true!       View from Junior Suite #7425  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>nursecll
<Content>A week in Paradise We booked this trip through a travel agent and I did a lot of research prior to my stay. The research paid off and I had a really great trip to the Grand Palladium. We flew Skyservice whose service was excellent but seating was cramped. We were quickly pounced on in the Airport in Punta Cana once we had received our luggage and taken to our bus. We spent a short 30 minutes on a drive to our resort that gave us a good perspective of the country itself. The first thing I noticed as a Canadian was the garbage everywhere. The roadsides were littered with many things and it was a shock to leave the beautiful airport and drive through such poverty. At first glance the resort grounds were beautiful. They were very well kept our entire stay and staff were always visible maintaining the grounds. We got off the bus to a cold welcome drink and checked into the resort. Our rooms were not ready so we waited until after 3 pm to see them. While waiting we boarded one of the two miniature trains for a tour of the grounds- I recommend the use of this. Three resorts and Royal Suites make up the whole compound and it initially seems large but quickly became manageable. The weather was beautiful, sunny, 27 degrees celsius and humid and it remained sunny for our whole stay besides a bit of rain at night. Just what four Canadians dreamed of! We checked in to our rooms and quickly discovered the best plan was to have two room cards. To conserve energy the elctricity shuts off everytime the room card is removed from the slot inside the room door, and when we left our room our fridge lost electricity leaving our stocked mini-bar warm and our room just as sticky. We quickly settled in and began our 7 days of buffets and great meals. The buffets had lots of variety and the staff were very quick. They would watch for you to be seated with your meal and quickly set up places for all and provide drinks. We also enjoyed wonderful fruity drinks at the bar and there was lots of variety. We stayed in a deluxe room which was a large room with a King bed and fold out couch, separate bathroom with whirlpool tub, Television with pirated satellite dish which provided about 7 english channels and minibar stocked daily. Our room was located in the 2000 building on the 3rd floor which gave us a partial ocean view and pool view as well. As I said earlier we had lots of excellent food..the A La Carte restaurants we tried were incredible. We went to Mare Nostrum which was the Italian and very tasty. El Arreciffe is a steak and seafood restaurant that was a bit more formal and I had the best T-Bone steak I've ever tried. The third restaurant we sampled was the mariachi which is the Texan-mexican place. This was a more laid back atmosphere and was our favorite of the three. Ladies you'll need something other than flip flops and men no tank tops, swimming trunks or shorts shorter than Bermudas (long pants are your best bet). The sports facilities were very nice-well maintained and had many activities as well and the Sports bar provided a break from the buffet with made to order sandwiches and fries. We did not try the Spa but it looked amazing! We booked a trip through our Signature tour guide Max and decided on Saona Island. We went by Catamaran to Saona Island which is a Dominican National Park. The bus trip and catamaran ride took approx 3 and a half hours, and the boat trip involved a lot of rum and beer rounds and two local girls dancing for entertainment. The girls then made their rounds and collected money for their dancing. Advice to those who choose this trip-Bring some cash, expect to tip and on Saona Island there are ladies offering very cheap massages and lots of cheap vendors. The trip was amazing with a full lunch, drinks included, speed boat back and stop in a shallow area to swim with the starfish! Returned to the resort happy but exhausted.  All in all I would return to this resort as I felt we got our moneys worth, we were treated like kings and queens and we had a wonderful experience for our first trip to the Dominican. Things to bring that are essential-obviously sunscreen and lots of it-a hat for when you burn your head like I did..a book for the lazy days on the beach or by the pool, and a deck of cards for nights with friends. If you forget anything go to the store..they take US dollars and if you want it bad enough you'll buy it. Another tip..the electrical outlets appear to be trying to accomodate many different countries. They are 110 volts like Canada and the U.S. but are recessed so our converters plugs would not reach. We Canadian have one side of our plug the is larger than the other and the only ones in the room that easily fit those are behind the TV stand -extensions for plugs can be bought at one of the stores but we didn't find these until our second to last day. The resort says it's a five star and I give it that..just don't over indulge in the food or drinks and brush with bottled water or you may regret it.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	3	5	4	

<Author>niarcos
<Content>All in all good resort!       beach  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>SueG444
<Content>worth the price Overall a nice resort. We booked with West Jet vacations we had missing suitcases coming and going from Toronto and in Punta Cana. It is unbelievable and took a toll on our vacation. Not the resorts fault. Ladies, it is so important to pack that carry-on with enough clothes for at least a few days, I had enough for 3 and wish I had packed a dress and one more pair of capris and shoes. On the third day, I was given an allowance by West jet to spend $25 a day for necessities. Luckily our other suitcase had the toiletries we needed. This experience teaches me to divide our clothes between two suitcases from now on. The beach is the best I've ever seen and you can walk along the long beach as far as you like. I could never get our group a palapa even though I was out there with my towels at 6 am. I am an early riser but I have never seen any thing like this at other resorts. Not exactly relaxing. Our first night there was the best. There was a beach party with a live band and the aminacion team danced and encouraged the crowd to participate; no problem. I recommend this event. The other shows are typical. (We enjoyed the dancing that took place after dinner at the Grand Bahia in Mayan R. and missed this). The aminacion team was not pushy and very polite young people but they didn't have any pool activities until later in the afternoon,when you were heading in to get ready for supper. The rooms in the Punta Cana part are basic and the showers are strange. There is a nice jacuzzi tub but the hand held shower sprays water all over the floor as the small partition does not prevent this. Very good a la cartes and no reservations, they gave you a beeper if the restaurant was busy but we never waited more than 40 min. and most of the time they accomodated the 9 of us immediately. The Spanish was probably the best restaurant, have shrimp at the steak house, the Japanese was good, order the curry chicken and the rest were OK.We had never been to Dominican before this trip and I would return but not likely to this resort unless it was at the Palace. I didn't get to see the rooms there but it is updated apparently. I know that the Grand Bahia is great and the Majestic Colonial. as they are 5*.The peddlers on the beach are non stop but not offensive. The weather was great, one day of rain on and off. The guys did one excursion, the ATV trip and they enjoyed this. So, in my opinion, this is a quiet resort that needs some upgrading and a place for dancing at night. Still waiting for a suitcase.... hope it shows up.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>WavesCrashing
<Content>A wedding to remember, a resort like no other. I cant believe what this wedding coordinator can do in so little time. She really bent over backwards to meet our needs. She is amazing and it is hard to believe in the first week of our trip she had thrown 12 weddings together. She never once made us feel like we had to worry and she took care of all the details. Guest services were also very helpful. Caesar spoke very good english and was a great help with tracking down the wedding coordinator. Our ceremony was on the beach, the photographer was great. He was very vocal to the hotel guests that kept stopping in the background of our pics. Or he would change the angle he was standing at in order to cut them out. he is also able to photoshop them out of the pics. If you are planning a desination wedding dont hesitate to book with this resort they provide all the fundimentals to exicute an amazing day. If you pick a menu over the seafood restraunt, i recommend the italian and treat your wedding guests to the lasagna. WOW. Applauso. It was very good. I would avoid prawns at the seafood restraunt. A couple from our family were extremely ill after eating them. Overall this resort is really something to see for yourself. It far exceeds all resorts i had been to in mexico. And the food is so much better than there too but, dont expect the food to taste the same as home. It doesn't. Its not at all bad its just a little off and i cant say for sure but i think it may be in the different types of cooking oils which changes the flavours ever so slightly. The grounds are well kept, and landscaped beautifully. You have to see this place to really enjoy its splendor. Its an escape to a quiet, relaxing retreat away from the grind back home. I miss the sound of the palm trees blowing in the breeze.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	3	

<Author>TorontoTyme
<Content>Wonderful Hotel Stayed here April 6th to the 13th. Before I left I sent an email for a specific type of room and recieved it. Had a terrific stay at this resort. Rooms were nice and clean. Food was EXCELLENT!!!!! Husband loved the burgers at the Sports Bar and the buffets were amazing!Had to get up early to play the towel game but didn't mind at all. The hotel was booked so this is to be expected....... Beach was beautiful but narrower than some other areas.Staff were very friendly and appreciated the tips they received.Nothing at all bad to say and would return here in the future.The only down side to the trip was returning home. The airport was crazy. It took us almost 2 hours to get through......oh well......Great trip:)  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Amykins99
<Content>Good times with a few bad spots I just returned from a week at the Grand Palladium. I was there from April 12th to 19th with my husband and 5 of our friends.FLIGHT: Was a usual flight...CHECK IN: It took about 45 minutes to get to the hotel. Check in was a bit confusing. Our friends were placed in rooms far away from us and the names were wrong in their rooms. We had the rooms changed so we could be near each other. Our check-in package had no keys and we had to wait for about 10 minutes to get keys. When we got to our room, the keys didn't work. They were replaced and then didn't work again the next night.ROOM: Our rooms were mixed up in that they didn't put the right amount of beds in the rooms. We did a little switching and all was good. In one room, the safe was broken and wasn't fixed for 4 or 5 days. The jacuzzi tubs are nice in the room and overall, the rooms were nice. TVs have a few English stations if you are interested in getting hockey and baseball scores. On the first day, our maids were awesome. After that, it went downhill. I can understand they get tired of making the towel animals, but it got to the point that they weren't taking away the dirty towels, or not leaving clean ones at all. Not a big deal, really, but just not the service you would get elsewhere.BEACH: It was beautiful, but not as wide as other places. The sand was soft and the ocean was blue, so you can't really complain about that! All other resorts I have been to, we have been able to do a little snorkelling of the beach, but not here. The water is cloudy and sandy and you can't see anything.CHAIRS: I cannot believe the chair situation at this resort. The beach should have double the amount that they do. It got so bad one day, that I was sitting with our 7 chairs, all with towels on them, water bottles, shoes, etc. A man literally came up, took the stuff off one of the chairs and started to drag the chair away. I told him it was my chair, and he said NO! For me, is free!! and he took it away. It was ridiculous.BUFFETS: Were really decent, actually. Pasta and omlette bars were very tasty! We were able to find great food every day!A LA CARTES: We had 7 people and tried 4 different restaurants. Each time, we went at about 7:00 and had no trouble being seated. We went to the Steakhouse, Mexican, Japanese, and Italian. All were fairly good. The deserts are terrible, but the meal was good.DRINKS: Very good! We drank Miami Vice, Tequilla Sunrises, Mojitos and Daquiris all week. Very good and lots of liquor, so be careful! Bartenders were always quick to serve and very freindly.POOLS: We mostly hung out at the Punta Cana pool, and chairs were always available. It was tough to find chairs at the activity pool though. The punta Cana pool has a swim-up bar and it was very nice and relaxing.EXCURSIONS: We did the Saona Island trip and the Jeep Safari. Saona island included a jet boat trip to see some starfish, a BBQ on a beach, and then a catamaran trip back with dancing. It was a nice relaxing day, but slightly disappointing. I probably wouldn't do it again.The Jeep trip was awesome! You really get to see how Dominicans live and the boogie boarding is sooo much fun. You are taken to a great beach and the waves are perfect!CASINO: We went a couple times. The slots weren't paying out, but the blackjack tables were fun.DISCO: Unfortunately didn't make it there.SHOWS: We saw one show: the Michael Jackson show. The dancers were awesome and had the moves down! Unfortunately, the sound system was pretty bad and made the show extra cheesy.CHECK OUT: We had to check out by noon, but our ride to the airport left at 5:50. We were able to leave our suitcases at the front desk and spend the day at the pool and beach. It was nice to have a full, last day.OVERALL: I am really spoiled and have been to several all inclusives, so I really shouldn't complain about anything. Overall, the trip was great and fun. Would I return to this resort? Probably not. I mean, it was good, but compared to all others I have been to, it was probably the weakest. I know it sounds like I complained a lot, but really, none of these things bothered us. We all had an amazing time, and as usual, the people in the Domincan were great hosts.If you have any questions, contact me at amykins_99@hotmail.com  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	2	3	3	

<Author>oddie12
<Content>excellent vacation       Dominicain kids getting out of school  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>londoner1978f
<Content>An amazing Holiday! Beautiful location. Luxury Hotel RoomsBavaro rooms are bigger with an excellent spa bath - Palace are fresh done but we prefered the space. Very very clean and comfortable.HotelBig but not overwhelming. Felt like a little town. Plenty to do - lots of space to be by yourself or in the thick of it. Beautiful gardensBeachAmazing - white sand, blue sea, blue sky! Can be busy and you have to get there early to get a good spot. (6am) However after lunch you can always get a space where you want.RestaurantsGood Buffets in all hotels. Excellent Al carte restaurants especially the mexican. You never want for food or drink. I'm not fussy with named stuff - its all local and strong. 24 hour sports bar if you want something to eat at any time. I liked the white wine and rose.PoolsLots of them, quieter than other hotels every one tends to go to the beach.SpaLovely excellent massages but can be expensive.TrainIts not that far to walk where you want to go but the heat and full tummies can mean the train comes in very handy.Watersports/ Sports centreEverything you could wish for. I did the snorkling and the fish come right up to you wanting to be fed. Not as great variety as Egypt but worth doing if your thing. We went rifle shooting, archery, bowls, mini golf and chess. lots of fun - if you like to do sports with others lots was set up around the pools. we prefer keeping to ourselves.GolfExcellent courses but can be expensive.Evening EntertainmentLots of fun stuff went on but we kept to the bars and played cards.If you want to go somewhere really relaxing, beautiful location and like the lap of luxury where you don't want for much this is the place for you. Ignore the bad reviews they concerned me at first when booking. There are more luxurious hotels but you get what you pay for. I would certainly come back to this 5 star hotel.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>runnerbabe
<Content>Sooo Relaxing!! We had 2 families that went together and stayed for 2 weeks - it was absolutley fabulous! The staff were amazing, very friendly, extremely efficient!Our rooms were exceptionally clean - I swear the housekeeper cleaned our room like it was a check out every day.The grounds were beautiful and very very well looked after - if you go, please tip the gardeners, they work very hard from morning til night on all areas of the resortThe food was fantastic - although we did prefer the buffets more than the al a carte restaurants ( the spanish al a carte was probably the best one of the al a carte's)Our teenagers loved the Sports Bar and hung out there almost every night, they met a ton of other young adults and have made many friendshipsAt the buffets, there is ALWAYS ALWAYS, something for everyone!The shows were entertaining - they made you laugh - we did not see all of them - but the ones we went too we were entertainedThe POP people - the animation crew - were GREAT - they tried to engage everyone in their activities all day long, and if you said No, no problem! The energy they kept all day... amazing!The beach was wonderful - and yes... you do have to go and get a chair in the morning - we all took turns, so it wasn't so bad. And honestly - by noon the beach had emptied again and they you could get a chair - if we did not reserve a chair at the beach - no worries... lay on the sand for a while - no big dealWe did 2 excursions - the first was Isla Saona - this was not very good at all - we spoke to many other guests who had booked this tour and they also were not impressed - it was alot of $ for going on a boat to another island and beach - there was really nothing there to see or do ( no snorkeling)The second trip we did was Zip lining - this was a highlight for all of us - the tour guys were funny and entertaining, and the Zip lines were exciting and fun - we would definately do this again.We took a taxi ($10) into Bavaro Plaza shopping area - there was lots to choose from - they really try and keep you in their store - but if you are firm, they will let you beThe only teeny tiny downside was they only had 3 computers on site for email - and sometimes it took an hour to get on one - not really a big deal, but when you need to check on family members and pets back at home - it would have been nice to have more access to these - Also, It would have been nice to have a coin laundry ( especially with teenagers who go through alot of clothes) - but again - no worries, they will do it for you - I think it cost about $30 US for 15 itemsWe were all sad to have to come back home - we would HIGHLY recommend this resort  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PRAToronto_ON
<Content>Birthday to remeber!!       lobby enterance  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Exhorseman
<Content>Exceptional Grand Palladium Punta Cana 10 of us 5 couples All from Muskoka , Lake of Bays area Ontario Canada just returned from the Grand Palladium Punta Cana after a 10 day stay,March 27 to April 6th..So there is 10 ways of looking at the resort but my gut feeling we all thought the same. Awesome.Yes we where guilty of the 5am morning towel thing on the beach , but if you want shade and loungers for 10 of your friends, someone has get there butt out of bed, We all took turns , I really don't think anyone of us minded this task, what a beautiful peaceful time of day....it was also convienant for us because we where all located eventually in block 2000.  (my reccomendation). when we first arrived late in the evening we where interested in the Royal Suite upgrade,they had rooms available for $30, per couple extra per/night after investigating the following day we seemed to all be happy with our close proximity to everything at block 2000, Block 3000 and 4000 also looked good,Also noticed in the Domincan on Bavaro Beach there is really no complete ocean view rooms, we had partial from our balcony, I also would go for the second or third floor.Taking the train for getting around was kinda fun but after a few days we all enjoyed the walk after filling up on food and booze 3 times a day.Rooms. we had rooms 2132 ,2131,2119,2118, 2031 ,,3 of them where junior suites ours we had problems with the air conditioner, nice room though...after 4 days of complaining with numerous service people looking at it and my time spending in the room , and listening to all there excuses whats wrong , they decided to take it out, They did offer us earlier a new room but it was on the other side of the resort, Promised they would be there by 8am on the 5th day to repair it ,, still waiting...I give up,, so did they..Grin and Bear it...It was starting to annoy me, To bad I didn't have my tools, I just happen to be in the Mechanical trade. Big complaint from one of our couple's they had a major problem at home, There friend who was looking after their house tried numerous times to get in touch with them, and myself, he had the correct number's but front desk would not put them through,Or take a message.. So if you have a death deal with it when you find out when you arrive home.We basically all came up with the same conclusion, Dominican's try hard each day to ruin it.Excursion's . DO NOT DEAL WITH BEACH VULCHER'S. Buisiness called (EXTREME)) We had a bad experience, Dune buggies, they picked us up at the resort uncovered truck in sweltering heat . We went to other resorts and picked up a total of 25 people. we where promised about 2 hours of Dune buggy riding on the beach and back roads, it was bull crap on these piece's of junk buggy's on a spit dirt road ,then drove on the highway, then unto the beach, couldn't go up the beach it was a road that was off the beach , what a ripoff and a joke, total time in cart 30 minutes..the rest them trying to sell us junk...getting back,we had waited for people that where late,from there ATV excursion that was on the same truck , Little did we know are Truck driver sat in the bar across the road and got completely bazoooooed, drugs and alcohol involved.. Driving home we had 3 major close calls passing cars trucks sometimes 3 at a time, uncoming traffic had to pull over,This [-] didn't even know how to get back to the 1 hotel, A lady that washurt in the front cab with him was totally peaking, she phoned ahead to the resort for instructions getting to the LTI Resort. When we got there in the front lobby one of the guys on the truck tackled the Driver who was staggering drunk put him in a head lock and demanded someone call the police,, A Sunwing representative came to our rescue and called the Owner of EXTREME, Within 40 minutes the owner of the buisiness arrived with taxi's to get us back to our hotels... Now if you have ever been in this country, If we would have had a roll over or a head on it would have been a mess.There is no shoulder its off you go...On a Positive note we all got our money back probabley close to $1000.us total and the driver was fired..When we got back to the Grand one of the guys in the taxi with us an English chap gave us a great quote to say goodbye... ENJOY THE REST OF YOUR LIFE how true .Next was Caption Cook excursion's , BEACH VULCHERSDeep sea fishing, $120.us each for 3 hours,,,that was a joke, our Fishing Charter Kids 2 of them ... They both disappeared from the helm for 1 hour the CAP E TANN for 2 hours he woke up when it was time to go in....and left me in charge telling me to keep it going south, I thought we may have a chance now, atleast I would have circled at the sight of fish or Pelicans gorging on bait fish ,kinda wondering what happened to the 2 of them , 1 of my buddies said 1 is asleep in the lower chair the other one is in no sight.. These lazzzzzzzy jokers never even changed bait ,lure's nothing, then they wanted a tip we laughed at them , told them to get stuffed.To bad there wasn't a dingy we would have bailed and they would have probabley unknowingly ended up in Aruba,,.When they where bringing in an outrigger it fell off the side of the boat, it was previously held there with electric tape and a pull tie... also only 1 motor was working,the other one didn't. AT ALLGolf , went to the Le Cana on the ocean, Transportation, food and beverage , clubs and cart and round where all included for $179.us... nope not a chance, Organized this from the Guest Service counter..45 minute drive no booze, no food, no clubs, , $179, for round with cart, clubs $44.00, $1,00 for score card and $5.00 per beer, and to top it all off when she arrived at the 12th tee first time we saw her all day she had 3 beers left, I don;t know what it is with these people, they just want to ruin or try to ruin everyday.They must think where all dumb .Zip Line..set up through the Signature Rep I didn't go I had enough of these people, the gloves where on,,,, but my wife and 3 others did and it was an amazing experience. Kinda funny maybe there was a dark cloud over most of us for the 10 days..Bottom line. I loved this place, our problems occurred adventuring, good reason to stay put, Or use your travel guy,The food was fantastic, where we went, Buffet's really good, Japenese couldnt get by the stagnet water smell when we went in the door, went spanish twice, Lobster twice , steak once, Italion , on and on gained 8 pounds, drink of choice CoCo LoCo yee ha.. Thanks Trip advisor. We use u religiously. Some very accurate input..  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	4	5	4	2	3	

<Author>Watfordweekenders
<Content>Punta Cana Paradise       Room 4002  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Vivacuba11
<Content>The Good, the Bad and the Ugly My husband and I just returned from a week-long stay at Grand Palladium (Punta Cana section). We were expecting a lot from this resort based on travelers鈥?reviews, the 5-star ranking and the price we paid, but I have to agree with one of the previous reviews that the resort is just OK and furthermore, it鈥檚 OK only if you go during low season. This is the most expensive resort we鈥檝e been to so far and unfortunately we had the worst time there (we have been to Cuba several times (4-4.5 stars) and Puerto Plata once). The Good:The grounds are beautiful and well taken care of so we really enjoyed walking around the resort (and we had to walk a lot since the resort is very large). The beach is the most spectacular, but it was very windy so we didn鈥檛 get to enjoy it much. The food was nice, but nothing special. However the Italian restaurant was excellent - I would really recommend it.The Bad:The room was large, but very basic. Instead of a Jacuzzi in the room we had a jet tub 鈥?drop in style (no curtain) in the bathroom and nothing more, no separate shower and that was very inconvenient 鈥?every time we took a shower the whole bathroom got flooded. The evening shows were really bad. We would have probably liked them if we hadn鈥檛 seen the shows in Varadero. We were just laughing at 鈥渄ancers鈥?at this resort.Most of the staff either spoke no English at all or could only understand a couple of words, and they got really irritated that we didn鈥檛 speak Spanish. I would expect staff speaking at least some English in a 5-star resort.The Ugly:Unfortunately I had underestimated the comments in other reviews about the 鈥渞eservations鈥?that other people make on the beach and pools so I went ahead and booked the vacation anyway. That was a huge mistake! I couldn鈥檛 believe my eyes when we went to the beach in the morning (about 10 am) on our first day 鈥?the whole area was covered in lounge chairs that were all 鈥渞eserved鈥?using towels, cloths, shoes, books and so on! We had to walk around for 30 minutes before we could find some shade and a free chair! Based on the reviews, it seems like most people think that this is normal to wake up at 6 am to reserve chair in a 5-star hotel鈥?I have never seen anything like that before, even when we went to a 3.5 star hotel. This is absurd! Either the beach was full of towels and clothes relaxing under the sun, leaving no space for people, or people filling all the beach and leaving no space for those who do not wake up early enough (~6:00am).We were very disappointed, but we refused to wake up at 6 and had to take whatever was left in the morning. However during the last 3 days the weather got worse and it was too windy at the beach, so we decided to stay by one of the pools as there was absolutely nothing else to do. But alas dear reader, the idea of finding a space at the pool was even more na茂ve than finding a spot at the beach earlier. It was hard to walk around the pools because there were 鈥渞eserved鈥?chairs everywhere, so you can imagine there was no free space at all. We walked around the resort for hours trying to find a place to seat and relax, but everything had been long ago reserved. So we went to our Signature Vacations representative (by the way, try not to book with Signature Vacations (First Choice in UK) 鈥?the worst service ever) and told him that the hotel definitely was misrepresented as 5-star since there is no place at the pools or the beach. He started laughing at us and said 鈥渉ow do you expect a pool or beach to accommodate 3000 people? The description of the hotel never said that you were guaranteed a seat 鈥?you only guaranteed access to the beach and pools鈥? He went on saying that we should be grateful that we 鈥渨ere there鈥?when there is 鈥淸----] snow鈥?in Canada! At that point we just walked away and went to speak to the hotel management who said that they couldn鈥檛 prevent people from reserving chairs (somehow other hotels do not have these issues!) and they didn鈥檛 consider it to be a problem as long as people come to the hotel and pay that much money for it. We asked them to give us access to the pool at the Royal Suites section as it might have some more space, but they refused to do that. $3000 that we paid was not enough to get a lounge chair! People were so desperate that they lied on the grass around the buildings!!! That was a quite a scenery.We were bored out of our minds by the end of the week and we couldn鈥檛 wait to go home! That had never happened to us before鈥?br/>In the end, the weather definitely contributed to our dissatisfaction with the vacation, but we were very disappointed with the resort and the people there. I don鈥檛 think we would ever return to Dominican. Cuba is by far much better and cheaper. I would never recommend this hotel but to people who don鈥檛 mind waking up at 6 am and run to the beach to reserve a seat and who enjoy overcrowded beaches and pools. However if you go during low season you might not have the same problems. As of our experience, this hotel shall be ranked at no more than 4 stars.Good luck!  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>wainshaw
<Content>Just what the doctor ordered!!       Beach  
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>beach_bum1180
<Content>Just ok My fiance and I stayed at the Grand Palladium Punta Cana for one week March 22-29 with Sunwing vacations. This is our second time to Punta Cana (first at the palladium) and we have also been to Bermuda, Mayan Riveria, and Cuba. Overall, we had a nice vacation but were not overly impressed with the Palladium given the high rating it has on trip advisor. We thought the complex was average at best. Room: We were located in villa 73, second floor, overlooking the quiet pool. We were pleased with the location of our room as it was very close to the buffet, pool bar, pool, and only a short walk to the beach. The rooms themselves have all the basics and they were comfortable given the amount of time you spend in them. Our room could have benefited from a fresh coat of paint and there appeared to be some water damage on the wall where the jacuzzi tub was located. As previous reviews have said bring a long an air freshner as the rooms are quite musty. Food: This was an area that were not overly impressed with and both of us our not picky eaters. The buffets are ok. While we never left feelinghungry there was nothing overally fantastic about the food -- it was just ok (in our opinion). A la Cartes: We ate at the Mexican, Italian, and Oriental resturants. We enjoyed the mexican the most. Oriental was our least favorite a la carte. Again we were not overly impressed with the food. It did the job of filling us up but we never left craving more. Beach: This was a our favorite part of the vacation... the water was bath tub warm and lot's of fun to play in. As previous reviews have said the beach is quit narrow compared to other resorts next to The towel game is in full force here so be prepared to play it. We would wake up at 6:30am to get a palapa on the beach and 7:00am for a palapa by the pool. Everything was reserved by 9am so be sure to get out there early if you want a lounger and earlier if you want shade. THe resort itself is VERY large... so make sure you wear comfortable walking shoes or take the train that travels around the resort. Overall it was an average resort ... we had a nice vacation but were not blown away by the palladium and what it has to offer. I think I would stay at another resort the next time we go to Punta Cana.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hugsnkisses
<Content>A wonderful time at the Grand       excellent service staff  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>HellsbellsUk
<Content>Loved evey minute We arrived at the Punta Cana quite late on Monday evening and were very tired. We went in the Punta Cana resort buffet for evening meal. This was our first and only mistake.. We found that the Bavaro or princess Buffet is much nicer for an evening meal if you are not looking to use one of the a la carte restaurants.Punta Cana buffet is fine for Breakfast though , but as with most resorts get there early before all the fresh fruit goes. Whilst I鈥檓 on the food I may as well talk about the other restaurants. Both I and my partner had different favourites. He loved the steak and seafood and as much as I thought that was a close second I loved the Italian. We didn鈥檛 try the Dominican, Spanish or Mexican but have heard good reports about the Spanish one. The oriental restaurant was nice but we went quite late and it felt like we were rushed through. One thing about the a la carte restaurants goes about 7-7:30 as at about 8ish they get very busy. The great thing about the a la carte is that you aren鈥檛 restricted how many times you visit, when you see the host they will give you a disk that lights up and vibrates when your table is ready so you can go for a drink before your meal. However if its busy be prepared to be staring at your disk like a phone that wont ring. L鈥檜va for lunch is perfect try the paella its fantastic and the black rice my look abit dodgy but it鈥檚 lovely.The resort as a whole was very clean I can鈥檛 stress enough how helpful and friendly the staff are even with the language barrier. With regards to tipping our travel rep said to us that you get a better service if you tip before you order (no offence to our rep as she was great but that鈥檚 absolute b***ocks), we would tip waiters and waitresses in the bar after our first drink (between $3-5) which meant the service was great and also we would only tip after our meal in restaurants and as far as both of us were concerned this made no difference to the level of service we expected.Our room was fantastic and the bed was very comfy and huge. If you book a sea view room 鈥?DO NOT expect anything spectacular the view is mainly palm trees (we only paid a 拢50 supplement for sea view so weren鈥檛 expecting anything fantastic but its still very eye pleasing) One thing I will say is that our rep and other reviews Ive read have said to get the train as soon as you get there to have a good look around the three hotels and what they have to offer 鈥?yet again I have to say its doesn鈥檛 take long to get around the hotels on foot so use your legs early evening and walk around if you are able. We didn鈥檛 take the train once as everywhere was within walking distance. Any way there is probably loads more I could say but Im sure I鈥檝e babbled on enough, please go and enjoy.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>SoxFan08
<Content>Fantastic Vacation at the Grand Palladium Punta Cana My wife and I had a great week at the Grand Palladium from March15-22. The Grand Palladium consists of 3 main resorts, the Bavaro, the Palace, and the Punta Cana. We stayed at the Punta Cana and had a fabulous time. Here are some of my thoughts on the resort.Food 鈥?There are many restaurants to choose from, with food available throughout the day. The buffets are great for breakfast and lunch, and we went to a couple of them (Las Torres, La Catedral) for dinner as well. There is plenty of selection in food and we found most of it quite tasty. Our favorite for breafast was the El Behique and for lunch it was the El Bohio (beside the Palace pool). Each of the buffets has several made-to-order stations so you can have something made to your specifications and be assured that it is hot and fresh. I am a pasta eater and there was plenty of selection for me at the lunch and dinner buffets. We went to the Mexican a la carte restaurant (La Gran Cantina Mariachi) for dinner twice and the wait on each occasion was around 30 minutes. However, they give you a pager and there is a nice little bar right next door so the wait was no big deal. During our next visit we plan to sample the cuisine from the Spanish restaurant (El Quijote), La Uva, and El Arrecife. We heard mixed reviews from people that visited the Italian and Chinese a la carte restaurants. If you expect steak and lobster to be served at the buffets then this resort is not for you.Advice - If you don't want to wait for a seat at the a-la-carte restaurants then arrive at 6:00 when they first open.Pools 鈥?There are 4 main pools located throughout the resort, each with a swim up bar. We especially enjoyed the animation teams which had activities going on throughout the day. If you want to spend a quiet day by the pool, soaking in the sun and snoozing throughout the day then you might find these guys a little annoying. If you want to participate then you will really enjoy Tony and the gang at the Bavaro pool, and Ramon and his team at the Palace pool. We walked down the beach to the Palace pool almost every day because we had so much fun with them, even though our room was right next to another pool. Thanks to Sandy, Rafael, Starlin, Roberto, Perla and Massiel for making our stay so enjoyable.Advice - If you want a lounge chair then play the towel game and get down to the beach or pool early. We didn't bother since we were happy sitting in the patio chairs near the bar on the pool deck (there are always some available), and lying in the sand on the beach.Rooms 鈥?The rooms were nice enough. Nothing spectacular but very comfortable for a relaxing vacation in the Caribbean. Beds weren't all that soft but did not impede having a comfortable sleep. The pillows were flat and had a musty smell, likely from the warm, moist air. The room was kept immaculate by the housekeeping staff. We stayed on the 2nd floor in the 2000 block. I had requested a room on the upper level of the 2000, 3000, or 4000 block and was pleased that my request had been taken into account. The prevailing wind goes straight down the main floor hallway in these 3 buildings and I'm sure creates some unwanted noise throughout the night, but the 2nd and 3rd floors are sheltered from the wind. Advice - Bring some cologne or perfume to camouflage any musty smells in your room. We brought scented candles but that did nothing for the pillows.Sunwing Vacations - We had a great experience with them. It was really easy to book online and I believe we got a pretty good deal based on the research I did. The flight from Toronto was absolutely full, and the plane seemed a bit smaller and cramped. However, once we departed they served champagne and then a hot meal with wine. The 4 hour flight went by very quickly. Once you pass through the security area at the airport follow the corridor around to the right and go straight to the Sunwing booth in the far corner (ignoring the porters and cab drivers along the way). The Sunwing rep will tell you which bus number will bring you to the resort. Walk straight out to the parking lot and the Sunwing buses were straight out in the 4th or 5th row. We attended the orientation session the next morning and received a lot of great information from the onsite Sunwing rep.Advice - Attend the orientation session on the first morning, it is 30-45 minutes well spent.Entertainment - There are two theatres onsite with shows every night. We went pretty much every night and enjoyed all of the shows. The Michael Jackson was the best one by far and was standing room only. Here is the timing each night.9:30 BINGO game where you can win rum, coffee, and other prizes.9:50 The Animation teams hands out awards and prizes from the events earlier in the day. Make sure you attend if you were a winner.10:00 The Show.11:30 Dance party with the cast when the show is done.Advice - Arrive early for the Michael Jackson show to assure yourself of a seat.Excursions - We looked at all of the various excursions available and decided on the trip to Soana. We had a fantastic time! I knew there was a 2 hour bus ride (based on previous reviews) to and from the boat launch so that was no big surprise. Even though the day started out pretty dreary (a local said it was their coldest day of the year) it turned out to be very nice. After the high speed boat ride out to the island, the weather warmed up nicely and we had a great time at the beach. I was surprised at how good the food was at the beachside BBQ buffet, and the rum was flowing freely at the bar. We met some fellow canucks during the trip (Hi to Christine and the gals from Ottawa) and had a great time. The catamaran ride back to the mainland was a non-stop dance party.Advice - Bring cash! The beach vendors on Soana can be pretty aggressive but you can also get some really good deals. We had been in the resort gift shop on the previous day picking out items we were planning to purchase later in the week, and found the exact same items for a fraction of the price on Soan. You can negotiate with the vendors and needless to say we got some very good deals.Advice - Wear your bathing suit since there are no change rooms along the way. Bring snorkeling gear.Advice - Be ready to take pictures during the bus ride. You travel through a couple of small towns and this is a unique opportunity to take some pictures of the local culture.In General- The Service. We received great service everywhere we went on the resort, and for the most part tipping was not expected. I did bring along 30 US singles for tipping and spent them mostly on good service from bartenders. Money well spent indeed.- The Spa. It is new and improved in a big new buidling. They haven't updated the resort maps yet so follow the wooden SPA signs to find it. I must say it is quite impressive.- The Language. Most of the locals do not speak english fluently. The Animation Team repeated everything in 4 languages (Spanish, English, French, German) due to the diversity of the guests. Learn a little spanish in advance, give it a try with the service staff and they will apreciate the effort. Say Ola with a smile and you will likely get the same in return.- For Runners. There is a nice road with little traffic for a nice 3k route around the resort. If you prefer the sand, go out to the beach and turn left and the shipwreck in the distance on the right is a nice 5k trot. The spa has a nice gym with a couple of treadmills. All 3 options are an effective way to sweat some of the rum out of your system before you start your day.- Departure Tax. There is a $US20 departure tax per person at the airport so make sure you put this cash aside.- Safe. Each room has a safe that is easy to use and an effective way to keep your valuables safe.- Smoking. It is not common in public places here in Ontario, but it is in the Dominican. This is just a heads up since it can be a nuisance in the theatres and bars.- Drinks. Last but not least, there are drinks available around every corner. The rum drinks are all very tasty. Every bar will have a drink menu around so find one at the first bar you visit and familiarize yourself with the different drinks. My favorite was the Pina Colada Especial. Some other good ones are the Margarita, Banana Mama, Ron(rum) Punch, and Ron Sprite. If you are drinking beer you should bring along an insulated mug since the plastic bar cups are fairly small and not the greatest for beer.We had a great vacation at the Grand Palladium and definitely plan to return. We are already thinking of travelling there again next year. Heck, we would like to go again right now!  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>MelOntario
<Content>Beautiful Resort!       Room  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Tracy1962
<Content>Once again, spectacular!!!! Once again the Grand Palladium has done it!! This was our third trip to the Palladium in Punta Cana,but a first for my sister  her husband....... and they have been converted!! They are planning to return there again next year!As always the staff were wonderful at every turn,,, how they do it is beyond me...there were many occasions where I wished I would have spoke up , to let some of the guests know just how rude they were being to the staff. They rarely raised their eyes up ,when their wine was being re-filled before it was half gone!And on most occasions left without leaving a tip...This was also the first time, that I have had trouble with other guests taking a beach lounger (2 in fact) that had our towels on it! And when I caught them dragging the 2nd one away , they lied to my face  said ...in french ...and with hand signals ..that it wasn't mine....so I sat  stared in utter amazement...at the odacity of some people. Luckily, one of their party found 2 more chairs....and they gave me mine back( with the towels) and apologized (in french) that I didn't understand French!!!...Anyways , these particular quest were a thorn in my side....but it didn't ruin a Fabulous holiday at the Palladium!!! But in stead of giving Spanish lessons to questsof certain counties , they should be given ettiqette lessons intead!How to treat the staff who treats them so wonderfully.....  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>marlonsams
<Content>Absolutely loved it!!!! My wife and I spent a truly wonderful week at GPPC.The hotel is absolutle amazing!!!We stayed at 4000 block which was very convinient to everything: the beach (literally under 1 mins of walk time), both buffets(Punta Cana and Palace), both pools(PC and Palace), etc., etc, etc. (can't say enough)Grounds: Perfect!!Beach: Perfect!! (but...you must rise up early to reserve the palapa-- those are the rules...)Food: Very good to excellent. We tried most of the buffets, Spanish, Mexican and Italian restaurants. The latter did not impress us (being from NYC, it's hard to impress us with Italian food :))Pools: Excellent!!Service: Excellent!! (Yes, there's a language barrier, but it adds to the fun:))One more thing, I was a little nervious since two of our previous vacations were truly excellent (RIU Palace Aruba and Iberostar Hacienda Dominicus). This one totally exceeded our expectations.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>adiutaus
<Content>overall a great trip hi everybody,we just returned from our trip to Punta Cana.It was a week of relaxation and enjoyment,but let's take it step by step.We arrived in Punta Cana arround 9pm,after an awfully long flight(7 hours aprox).Right after the airplane door opened a nice,warm and humid breeze hits you. It's quite a nice feeling if you are living in a cold place.We retreived our luggages and were directed to a bus wich took us to the resort.The trip took like 40 min and passed through the town of Punta Cana ,giving you the posibility to see the life as it is in the Dominican Rep. Once arrived in the resort you are pampered in all ways.Our room was in the 3000 building , very close to the pool and beach.Nothing special,but nice and clean. One thing disturbed us,wich is the smell of chlorine and bug spray that's filling the room.We can still smell it on our luggages after 2 weeks.We took a short walk in the resort and its just amazing.Very nice maintained,clean,a real piece of paradise.In the resort there are 3 hotels ,and you can enjoy all of their amenities at no extra charge.A mini-train takes you around the resort,making it a nice way to see the whole resort without getting tired.The train is coming every 10min ,so there is not really lot to wait.As far as food and drinks,there are lots to try.You will find to be too many restaurants.The nice thing, though,is that every day is another menu.For ex. Monday is mexican day,Tuesday italian day,dominican,american,french,and so on.So,you really have the chance to try out a bit of everything.Drinks are beeing found at every 100m,or so.They also have 2 theatres wich have shows every night beginning at around 10pm,sports centre with mini-golf,soccer field,tennis,basketball,archery,ping-pong,a disco club for singles,live music in the hotel lobby,and night beach entertainment.The theatre shows we have to say are quite crappy,but the guys are really putting a hard effort to make everyone happy.The choreographer though,not so good.Day time a lot of entertainment on the beach and at the pools.Oh,there are 2 pools at the hotel,both with swim up bars.The entretainment consists of aerobic lessons,different contests,dance lessons,and all sorts of funny games like beer drinking or kayaking in the pool....all beeing organized by a team of around 10 local guys and girls who are very very funny.There is one thing wich is really annoying and we found it to be rude;people reserve the beach and pool chairs very early in the morning,by placing a towel on the chair.Of course,if you want to come to sit around the pool about 8 30am, you will find no chairs available, but lots of chairs with towels on them but no one there. And same people reserve at the beach as well as at the pool and never use them for the day. Unfortunately, you will have to find a way to reserve a chair very early in the morning.We recommend you purchase a medical insurance. We didn't do that and it costed us 200$ US the doctor visit and a cream in the resort. Maybe it's a good idea to mention that on the beach you can find sand flies easily. And they bite:))some people are allergic to their bite,like me,some not....like my wife.Also on the beach you will find some shops from wich you can buy souvenirs of all kinds.One thing to be aware...we found out that bargaining it's a must in Dominican Rep ,as well as a social activity.:)For example,I bought some cigars 10pc for 10 $US,after a hard negociation....wich brought the price down from 70$US:))so..I let you decide how much a product is worth.Defenetely,they will ask wayyyyy more money than its worth.They are very nice people overall,but we found them pushy too.And we mean,they will do anything to get some money form you.Weather its for a souvenir or for some excursions outside the resort,they are not letting you go until they sale you something.But,eventualy ,you get used to that and ignore it with a smile and a NO,gracias!Music is good,athmosfere is awsome,one week in wich we really felt no stress whatsoever.It's worth it,we loved it and would defenetely go back there with pleasure.Adi(28) and Emilia(29).  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>britbride
<Content>Wow - loved it       Beach  
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>auburnskye
<Content>A Second Visit did not Disappoint!         
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>medNorthBay
<Content>Great Time At The Grand Palladium Punta Cana We've recently returned from our stay at the Grand Palladium (Punta Cana Section). We went from Feb. 21 - Feb. 28.2008. We had a great time. The resort is exactly what other reviews have said. They were kept very clean, bar fridge restocked every other day and yes there is a jacuzzi tub in all the rooms. It is very big because you have access to the other Grand Palladium sister hotels (the Bavaro and the Palace) and also access to all they're buffet restaurants and a la cartes. The little train that went by every 15 mins was very handy to hop on to get you were you needed to go. All restaurants were no more than a 10-15 walk anyways. The buffets where pretty good, but the a la cartes were the way to go. No reservations required, and If you were there at about 630-645 you had no problems being seated. We tried the Mexican, Italian and the Steakhouse. They were all amazing. Service was great. We used the buffets for breakfast and had lots of selection.The beach was the best part of the trip. White sand, turquoise water and big hunched over palm trees. And kept very clean.The things said about reserving your loungers early...All true.. You gotta get your butt out to the beach by 7am to get a nice spot. You put your towels on the loungers and you're good for the day. (the beach isn't more than 100 yards away from your room if your staying in the 2000, 3000 or 4000 building..) They are all pretty good. The nightime entertainment.. we went to the Michael Jackson show which was very unique and well done a must see for shure!! we also went to the adults only game show which was very funny and good entertainment. As far a excursions go. we did the Outback Safari which was awsome! Left our resort at 830 and returned by 430.Great tour guides. It gives you the true taste of how everyday Dominicans live and what they're country is all about. they also take you to a beautifull beach to try and Boogie board.. Did I mention the very beautifull beach!! The other excursion we did was a new one(6weeks old) called The Happy Hour. You board the Tropical Storm catamaran at 330 which takes you about 1/4 mile out in the ocean to snorkel on a reef with the tropical fish...and the snorkeling is geared for rookies and veteran snorkelers. The hosts on the boat were fabulous and kept you laughing the whole time... Then 1/2 hour later you board back on the boat and head to a private beach and are able to jump off into the ocean which is 3-4 feet deep. Grab your favourite drink and stand in the water and watch the most beautifull sunset...you're back at the resort by about 800. Both excursions were $85 a piece as most where...All in all.. I very much would recommend this resort to anyone.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SilverOttawa
<Content>Best vacation we ever had!       Pool Bar at The Grand Palladium Punta Cana  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>OntarioLovinthesun
<Content>Paradise Three friends and I stayed at the Grand Palladium February 18th to the 25th. The week literally dragged by and I do not mean that in a negative way. We just relaxed the whole week sans watches. None of us had ever been south before and didn't know what to expect. We were completely blown away and amazed by our experience. All four of us stayed in the same room to cut to cost and there was plenty of room for all of us. Our room was in a wonderful location. We were as close as you can possibly get to the beach and we had a huge pool right beside us as well. The grounds and facilities were all immaculate. Everything is just so lush and beautiful. Everyone was so friendly as well. You should be sure to get up a little early and reserve some pool or beach chairs because they do go quite quickly but we never had a problem with this at all. Everyone respects each others reserved chairs. The a la carte restaurants were all great! We ate like queens the whole week!Another suggestion would be to hop on the train and see the whole resort so that you get a feel of your surroundings and everything the resort has to offer.The activities staff was excellent. They are all so friendly and we were surprised how many of them could speak English, French, Spanish and German. BUT most of the staff employed in the restaurarnts and the bars do not speak English so well. We knew this before we went but completely forgot to learn simple phrases so I would definitely suggest learning a bit of basic Spanish phrases before you go. The disco was sooo fun and that nightly shows were always interesting as well. Apparently there was a popular disco to go to at a resort a little ways down from ours but keep in mind you'd have to pay for the drinks there. We didn't go but we heard it was incredible. All in all is was the most relaxing vacation I have ever been on. The Grand Palladium will not disappoint.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bobali
<Content>TRULY BEAUTIFUL - EXCELLENT TIME We have just returned from a trip to the GP Punta Cana booked through First Choice Holidays.Few pointers before I waffle on about the Hotel.1.Dont pay for Premier Seats - book extra leg room you get more than them up front and at 拢30 pp bargain. Yes you pay for coffee, snacks etc - but for an extra 拢300 pp not worth it. 2. Jnr Suite through First Choice states sea view - our rep told us it was not guaranteed and not in this yrs brochure ( I had copy of last yrs) It is in this yrs and we complained when we had rm allocated over the pool. Max was excellent and we were moved to proper Jnr Suite with sea view, if you dont ask you dont get.3.You have to play the towel game - sad but very true -we never thought we would resort to it but my husband got up early every day to put the towels out and get a shade by the pool. Even heard that guests were paying pool guy with $ and beer to reserve them and also we saw lots of towels out late at night.It is sad but its true.4.Take US Dollars one of our friends was advised local currency and his exchange rate once there was awful - better to start with dollars in the beginning as the rate for us is good at the moment.So the hotel.GROUNDS/POOLSBeautiful grounds kept immaculately tidy and very clean everywhere. Pools lovely few floating mossies but nothing to worry about. Beach is superb and very windy so watch the sunburn - we preferred the pool set in the middle of the villas.FOODAll very good - we have a la carte in Bambu - excellent, Steakhouse - not so good, Italian - good service and food.Buffets - ate mostly in these as the choice and quality was brilliant - lovely salads, grills and pasta stations. Cathedral Buffet has most choice but we found it large and no atmosphere.Saw a few fights over tables - people not turning over the card to red and 8 o'clockish a little bit of a hunt for a table - but we tended to eat earlier so it wasnt a problem.Grill on the beach was cold and burgers had been sat there for half an hour - go to the buffet instead for fresher food.ROOMRm 2132 jnr Suite on end of Block 2000 overlooking sea from 2 windows. Good quality of fittings- kept very clean- we tipped every day as mentioned by other reviewers. Balcony overlooked the pathway and toilet block/La Uva restaurant and didnt get much sun - but we were outside most of the time. BBC America disappeared halfway through holiday and with no english papers available felt we werent in touch but it didnt matter too much. STAFFOn the whole excellent - pool bar staff great fun and good service. Restaurant staff hit and miss but not in anyway awful - they just seemed a bit fed up some days. They work very hard and generally we found them good in all the a la cartes.Breakfast seemed the worst time for them - and with the lack of coffee cups and all the relaying of tables - some infact were really quite rude to us. EXCURSIONS/EXTRASHelidosa trip over the hotel and down the coast $109 pp for 20 mins - absolutely excellent.Saona Island $90 pp very long day - at least 2 and half hours on coach but once we were on the water - very good. Catamaran there and speedboat back, chap videoed all day and laughed like a madman started to drive us a bit mad ourselves $30 for video but we didnt bother.Spa Massage - on beach $55 excellent hour of relaxation. Visited the new building but only went inside on 2nd to last day. Lovely really swish and good prices - still finishing building it but most of it up and running - beautiful.ENTERTAINMENTPretty basic to say the least. Went to one show and didnt bother again - lots of light music around the lobby and bars during the evening which was nice. Markets stalls with jewellery and art some evenings - a bit pressurising but OK. Casino most nights playing slots for an hour after dinner- staff very good and pleasant.BAD BITSI didnt realise it was so Hispanic - not a problem - but I had been dreaming of steel drums for 6 months only to find merengue pumping out of every speaker !!! Not really a negativeOVERALLExcellent holiday - value for money brilliant and we would go again. Possibly same area but try another hotel - I will have to start checking the reviews !!!!!Happy to answer any questions - photos to follow.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	3	3	

<Author>Gardenlover58
<Content>Beautiful Resort, Excellent Vacation We stayed at the Grand Palladium, Punta Cana section February 24 for a week. This has to be the most beautiful place I've seen, the grounds of the resort, the miles of white sand beach, and beautiful turquoise sea were breathtaking.The resort is kept exceptionally clean. We stayed in one of the Villas and the floors were kept spotless, amazing considering the sand and water tracked in constantly. They were very soundproof and we didn't hear a thing except the doors closing loudly early in the a.m. - no doubt going out to reserve a chair. Strangely, there are a few cats that liked to frequent our Villa and howl at night, which echoed through the halls. The train that constantly ran around the resort was most welcome on those hot days and helped us to get to know the resort as it it quite large. We were in Villa 75 which was right beside a beautiful pool and buffet and steps away from the second pool and beach.The food at the buffets was very good, always something different to try and the desserts, I thought, were to die for. We had omelets most mornings, made to order. I preferred Rum and Coke to the really sweet and sometimes odd tasting smoothy drinks. We tried 3 a la cartes, the Steak/Seafood - excellent fish, the Spanish, nice, but meat was overcooked, and the Italian was good. If you arrived around 6:30 you can be seated right away.Entertainment - We made sure to go to the Michael Jackson show which was quite good, he had all the moves. The lobby bars had entertainment at night which was nice as well. Excursions - I would definately recommend the Caribbean Festival, snorkelling with sharks and beautiful fish, dancing on the boat and sampling Mamajuana. I would also recommend the Saona Island tour...the catamaran boat ride to the island was quite long and very nice...the seating was a little uncomfortable though. The barbque on the beach was quite good as well. The ride back was in the speedboats which was fun and we stopped to swim in a 'pool' in the middle of the ocean and held a starfish.Towel Game - well if you wanted a lounger, you had to play it, especially if you wanted shade. There are some really nice shady spots under the vegetation that we were able to get if I went out before 7:00 a.m. and put our towels out. The pool loungers went very very quickly.Pools were very clean and not crowded and very refreshing.We met interesting people from the US, Britain and Switzerland.I'm definately going back to this resort...don't feel the need to try others.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>nearthesea
<Content>the truth       one of the tortes, so moist, I cannot make it like that  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Eddie133
<Content>What a vacation -- fabulous resort       The beach  
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>derfberger
<Content>not for us my first experience with all inclusive on land and will most likely be the last. I guess it's us. I like a hotel on a beach with a car at my disposal, room service if i want it, a cabana person that takes care of my needs, Restaurants that know how to prepare food, a hotel staff that knows youThis place was just like a cruise except with a beach. Same type of food and presentations, same intertainment, same type of restaurants, same crowds, same confinement. You're stuck there unless you take a bus or cab.Bring plenty of dollars as there is no ATM on the property, got to take a bus to the plaza and get pesos and then to the bank to exchange into dollars at a lossThe place is huge, we got semi lost almost every day, no big deal just irritating. There were 1100 guests which meant waiting to get into one of the restaurants, waiting to get on the shuttle train, having to get to the pool or beach at 7:30 to reserve a lounge chair. The room was nice but the linens were very basic.the bars served plenty of drinks with a good variety. too bad all that was served in the restaurants was wine and beerThe food at the buffets was well presented with plenty of variety but 75% not appitizing. Sorry i don't care for tripe in tomato sauce, or fried tomatoesFruits, fruit drinks and cheeses outstanding along with breakfast selections. great octopus and squid, good anchovie pizza, egg plant pamagiana. good bread and pastriesHave to wait for ever to get a cup and then to get some one to pour in coffeeThe meat and it's preparation for the most part was terrible. Having lived on and off in Mexico since 1998 I have experienced the quality and preparation of meat in a third world country., but this is a first class resort, not a typical Mex restaurantWhat appeard to be a good looking pork tendrerloin and a beef tenderloin turned out to be tough and dry.Three times i tried the lamb, tough and over cooked, the leg of lamb was like trying to cut a piece of wood. The suckling pig roasted on an open fire wasn't too bad. Some one said to try the fish, i did and gave up after getting mouth fulls of bones.I insisted that the cook start with a raw patty for my hamburger and told him when to take it off the grill. He wanted to give me one that had been sitting on the grill for who knows how long and looked like a hocky puck.Went to the asian restaurant one night. Ordered a lamb dish with rice, so salty i sent it back. My wife's shrimp dish, the shrimp were so over cooked they were like rubber balls.Next night went to the steak restaurant.Both ordered a T bone. So tough gave up after half eaten. People next to us sent theirs back for flank steak.I picked this place based on all the reviews i read plus my travel agent has sent people here..as i said at the beginning, it must be us as others rave about how great the food is. I guess i expect more for what i paid  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	5	4	4	2	

<Author>hoopitup4e
<Content>A Wonderful Week       view from our  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>landpj
<Content>beautiful surroundings but dissaponting servics We have just returned from 14 days at this resort ,there were 16 of us it was my mothers 50th birthday and we had all gone away together to celebrate. We had booked 2 suites as the brochure said they all had sea views. Myself and my husband went there 3 years ago and had reccommended it to everyone.To cut a long story short, the surroundings are beautiful and the rooms and public areas immaculately clean,but the service, especially compared to 3 years ago was very dissapointing. On arrival the 2 suites did not have sea views, being a special occasion i tried to do something about this but the reception staff were not that helpful (the language barrier is a bit of a problem here) and when we rang to tell the manager he told us that we had not paid for a sea view and hung up! I was very upset.Our next step was to carry on to complain to the rep and ruin the rest of the holiday or just accept it, especially since the hotel was completely full, we just accepted it. We always, without fail book sea views it is a big part of my parents holiday to sit on the balcony in the afternoon and enjoy the view, and on one of the bioggest holidays of their lives they could not do this.Just a quick mention the rep, Max, was absolutely superb in every way and helped us with everything else.My little boys nintendo DS lite bag with about 拢800 of stuff in it got stolen whilst we were out there too.Everything else was prettyy good, alot of the food tasted of either vanille or cinamon so make sure you like these.We wont go back again.We like the way paaldium have things set up but I'm afraid the dominican people have let their standards slip over the last few years. For a similar amopunt of money you can go to mexico so thats where we will be trying next.We wont use first choice either. We prebooked seats together as it was a family occasion which was fine going out, but they could not do it properly going back.We have complained officially to first choice and are awaiting a response.If anyone from Palladium reads this please, please, please you have a beautiful resort with huge potential - send in some customer service experts. We smiled and smiled at all of the staff and were very friendly, the only ones to respond to this were the entertainment staff - who were, without reservation, superb.(Especioally Margarite).Overall, some things really right, but too many things wrong for us to go back. My overall feeling is what a waste of a beautiful place.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	5	1	2	3	

<Author>wirefan
<Content>fantastic holiday       nemo  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BahamaMama73
<Content>What can I say??? Amazing!!! We spent 7 wonderful days in paradise from January 31 - February 7, 2008. We booked our trip through Conquest vacations and the entire event was flawless with one exception. ( I will further explain later) This was our first international trip and we were a little apprehensive about everything from the flights to the accomodations. I must say though that the Grand Palladium far exceeded our expectaions! When we arrived at 8:00P.M and checked into our room, We were a bit dissapointed that the room had two double beds and not 1 king as I had requested with the travel agent. Not a big deal, the next morning we met with Richard at reception and he was able to get us into another room later that day. The rooms are exceptionally clean and welcoming. Although we didn't spend much time in our room it was very pleasant to enter our room with cool air conditioning, clean sheets and towels, polished marble floors and lovely towel art with fresh flowers everyday! Our housekeeper was great, we left a little trinket such as lipstick, bodyshop soap and lotion as well as $1.00 each day. They love receiving Canadian/American products as those items are either not available or very costly there.We loved the food and had a preference for the La Cathedral buffet as it was the largest and had so much to choose from. The food was always fresh and never boring. We tried a couple of the Al a carts but didn't like the wait nor the selection. Bars everywhere and the drinks were fantastic! I loved the Bahama Mama! It's a fruit punch slushy with rum. Refreshing and Yummy! The towel game! Yes, it is true! If you wish to secure a spot either poolside or at the beach, you will have to play the towel game and get out there early in the morning. However, we liked to start our day by the pool in the morning and after lunch we would gather our towels and head to the beach and had no trouble finding loungers after 1:00P.M. We booked two excursions the first was Dolhpin Island and it was great! The staff were fun and took lots of pictures and put them on CD that you could purchase for $20-$30 US. For me it was worth it! We also went on the 8 Wheel Monster Truck Excursion! What a wonderful experience! Our tour guide, Gregory was great! We learned so much about the Domincan history and culture. It was fasinating! Apparently if you book the trip online as I did, it is a bit cheaper. If you decide to take this trip, it is recommended that you may want to bring some pens, pencils, erasers etc, as there are many children that run along side of the trucks and wait for you to toss presents out to them. All in all everything was great and I can't wait to go back!  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Stresa
<Content>Nice Holiday at Palladium I stayed at the Grand Palladium at the end of January 2008 for 2 weeks. Overall this is a great hotel in a fantastic location (because of the beach) but there were a few things that could be improved.Room: I stayed in one of the long blocks of rooms (4000) right at the end of the block nearest to the sea. This is an excellent location as you are a few steps away from the sea and not far from the reception and restaurants. The room itself was very nice - nice furnishings etc large jacuzzi bathtub. The minibar was restocked daily and the cleaners did an excellent job. The only draw back with these rooms is the noise that echoes along the corridor. It is terrible - you hear every voice, door banging and whistle amplified especially first thing in the morning. Also a lot of people coming back to their rooms late at night would just talk away normally probably not realising that their voices were amplified all away down the corridor. This was a real pain. Another thing is that it is generally very windy in the corridor meaning that when you go to your room evidently your room door slams shut making a terrible noise - same thing again when you leave you have to really pull hard to get it shut. You constantly hear doors slamming at all hours. This is a silly niggle but I can assure you it is a nuisance long term. Food: The main buffet restaurants are pretty good offering a whole selection of food which is generally very good. There is always something to eat even for picky eaters. Each night has a theme. Didn't like the 'American' evening. Buffet restaurants get busy especially for breakfast when often at 9am there was a queue (albeit very quickly moving) to enter. Only one toaster in the main buffet rest. at breakfast meant there was often a long queue for it. Service was excellent. The buffet rests. are just a bit too bit for my liking and it almost felt like a canteen.. but the food was good.A la carte: It seems that you can eat at the a la cartes as many times as you wish now. You just turn up - they take your room number and if they don't have a table ready they give you an electronic buzzer device that you take away with you so that you can go to have a drink etc. The device lights up and vibrates when your table is ready. This is great. The food in the a la cartes I tried was excellent as well as service. Beach: Fabulous. Just too many people. I hated the fact that lots of people (especially groups of Americans/Canadians) get up at dawn to reserve their beach loungers. I think I was there at a very busy time. The beach is never-ending and it is lovely to walk to left and right for miles. There are beach huts to the right of the hotel and they grab you as you walk past. They are very friendly though.Service: Excellent. Very friendly staff.This is a large hotel complex and it takes a few days to work it all out - the train is great for moving around. Evening Entertainment: I went to the Bavaro theatre a few times and saw some very good shows. I also visited the casino most nights which was great.There are also a good selection of shops on site. Expensive compared to shops outside the complex but very convenient for little things you need - such as extra sun tan lotion etc.I had a great holiday. This is a very good hotel and the beach itself it excellent. Would I return? No. I prefer a smaller hotel and a less crowded beach. Would I return to the Dominican Republic? No. There are too many other places to see in the World! That is my own personal liking. That said the hotel was very good and I had a nice time.If you are planning going here, I am sure you will have a great time staying at this great hotel.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>rick59
<Content>" LOVED IT " Fom alberta canada We returned from Punta Cana Febuary 12th , we had a great time , we are already planning a trip back next Febuary . The staff were great very friendly , the rooms are kept very clean we had excellent service every day .The resort is beautiful , we spent a lot of time on the beach ( do remember to place your blue towels on the chairs early in the morning or you might have a difficult time finding chairs), we also enjoyed some time by the pool , sitting by the pool is a little more warm than on the beach , margarita is very entertaining by the pool. I found the food good , a lot too choose from, we went too the American restaurant , very good this is one of the restaurant you need to wear pants or dress etc , no shorts allowed.We took the train a few times around the resort , but you don't have to take the train if you enjoy walking it only takes maybe 10 mins to walk to the bavaro from the punt cana On the beach they have vollyball , stretching ,also locals selling hats ,cigars ,jewelery etc , i found them very easy too bargain with ,they also have people selling fishing , speed boat , etc , we bought a few activities through a man who called himself  mr happy  he was great he was also very helpful with anything we asked him he is located near the pool through the dive centre .We found if you cross the rope (boarder of the resort ) and check the shops for having your hair braided it is cheaper than in the resort , one of the women from our group paid 25 , in the resort it is about 100 i thinkI cant say enough about how friendly the staff are ( the sure do get excited when you say your from canada) they are very deserving of the tips they receive, it was some of the tourist that i had a problem with , they were rude and i found they didn't treat the staff very good I can't wait too get back to punta cana , and remember take a travel mug with you it helps keep your drinks cold ,and keep sand out of the drinks and make sure you try a coco loco or banana mama and don't forget take enough money , there is no bank machine on the resort , if you need more cash you will have to leave the resort and find a bank machine or bank and don't forget those one dollar bills and tip because remember these people work hard and they depend on our tips  
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kimmy1982
<Content>Fantastic Wedding       one of the pools  
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Alray98
<Content>Overall great spot Overall, I'd say that this was a great resort to stay. We were there for a friend's wedding and from my understanding they realy took care of the couple and everyone else had a great time too. The A la Carte restaurants are the way to go. Not that the buffet's weren't good, because they were, but the a la carte's were just great. The Mexican restaurant near the Bavaro end was fantastic.Only irks: to secure a pool or ocean-side lounge chair, you'd have to be out there at 7 am to put your towel out. Often people did that and kept their chairs all day, even if they'd only be using them for an hour all day....annoying. Also, swim up bar service wasn't the greatest-you'd have to get someone's attention and grab them over---sometimes they didn't even make you the right or even all the drinks you ordered (even if just 2 or 3). Money makes the world go around...remember that and you'll be ok.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>juliaplynn
<Content>Highly Recommend the Palladium We got married at the Palladium 11 years ago (then called the Fiesta Bavaro) so returned with trepidation, worried that it might not be as perfect 2nd time around. We needn't have worried. The Palladium Punta Cana is part of the Palladium resort, and to start with we were quite confused by the three names for it (Palladium Bavaro, Palladium Punta Cana, Palladium Palace). We needn't have been. Basically it's a very large resort with three types of accommodation, four if you include the Royal Suites. We chose the cheapest.The room (block 4000) was quite good, large jacuzzi bath in the room itself, and a small balcony. We had paid extra for a sea view and wished we hadn't. None of the rooms here have a particularly great sea view because it is blocked by the palm trees, and we spent so little time on the balcony that it didn't matter anyway.In the rooms you get a comb, a sewing kit, soap, shower caps, shampoo and shower gel. I didn't use the toiletries as I have sensitive skin and it didn't smell very nice. The towels ranged from being white and fluffy to grey and harsh, so if you are fussy, take your own. You get one large-ish and one very small per adult. They don't seem to take account of any children in the room.The bed was one of the most uncomfortable I have ever slept in, and it is primarily this factor which caused me to rate this as a 4 rather than a 5. We had two beds (one for us, one for our daughter) and with this configuration, our bed was little bigger than a single. I think next time I would ask for a kingsize, plus a rollaway.The other factor which caused me to rate this as a 4 was the fact that we were woken, without fail, every morning at 7.30 am by the cleaners in the corridor, clattering, banging their trolleys, shouting, laughing and generally showing no consideration for the guests. One of the problems with the way this part of the resort is designed is that the 3 main buildings (2000, 3000 and 4000) are basically long corridors with about 40 rooms on each level. They are tunnels, and every sound echos. I think next time I would stay in the Bavaro part of the resort, as the accommodation there is more villa-style, with 6 or 8 rooms per building (on two floors).There are a number of pools around the resort, and any guest can use any of the facilities (except those in the Royal Suites, which didn't look that great from what we saw). All the pools are lovely, large, lots going on, bars near to all, no trouble making use of the all inclusive facility. The one complaint I have is people leaving towels on loungers all day (from 5.30 am!) and then not returning to use them. There are not really enough loungers and I think the hotel should discourage this.The food was not excellent, but it is very good and the selection is unbelievable. There are so many restaurants we didn't eat in all of them, but I would advise that for a buffet (as opposed to a la carte) do try Le Cathedral (in the Bavaro part of the resort) as it is much larger than the main buffet in the Punta Cana part of the resort. Just a short walk, don't be afraid to put on your walking shoes and use the map they give you. It really isn't that far (perhaps 10 mins from our block?). We found the service in all the restaurants and bars to be very good or excellent. Rarely had to wait for a drink, and generally service was with a smile with one or two exceptions.Didn't find a language problem at all, and the huge majority of staff seemed genuinely happy to help, I lost count of the number of gardeners, cleaners, bar staff, bellboys who can say OLA in one day! In fact, on the hotel's questionnaire, one of the question is did our staff treat you as if they hope you will return next year (or something to that effect) and I would say, on the whole, that the answer was yes.My daughter went to the kidsclub once, because they were running a trip to a local wildlife park (Manati Park) and she wanted to go. Other than that, she was not interested in going, it was geared more towards toddlers. However, a couple of words of warning about that. Firstly, the gate to the kidsclub was always open when we went past it, so it would have been easy for youngsters to wander away (and the supervision didn't seem that good). Secondly, the only time I went there, there was a workman on the premises, and he had left a chainsaw on the floor, plugged in, wires all over the place, seemingly no consideration for the fact that toddlers were ...well... toddling around! Use with caution.When we were there the spa was under renovation and this prevented me from booking a treatment since I was not interested in having a massage surrounded by workmen clattering around. However i did have a massage on the beach US$55 for 55 minutes, which was quite good. Not fantastic, but OK.Tips:1) If travelling from the UK you will need a plug adaptor - it's the one labelled USA and parts of the Caribbean.2) If you like very hot tea, take a kettle with you. In the room there is a coffee maker, and it makes lovely coffee, but the water in it doesn't get very hot.3) We travelled with Thomson and would NOT recommend paying extra for a sea view at this resort.4) Go on the Animal Adventure excursion. We are not really excursion types but our daughter (8) wanted to swim with sealions. It was a memorable trip, although a dreadful bus journey, and well worth the horrendous price ($400 for 3 of us).5) Take US$ for spending money, everything for sale in the hotel shops is priced in Dollars, as are excursions, and you need Dollars for entry and exit tax.6) At the airport, if you allow the porters to take your bags either on arrival or departure, they will (obviously!) expect to be paid, even though the trip from the coach door to the check-in desk is about 10 yards ! Keep some small notes for this purpose - there are far too many porters and they are quite aggressive.7) Duty free shopping at PUJ airport is not very impressive, just a small selection of perfume, cigarettes, alcohol, and prices are not great. There are a couple of gift shops at the airport, and 3 or 4 choices of eateries, which are reasonably priced. However, if you want to buy jewellery (Larimar or Amber) buy it at the hotel. It's well-priced and there's a good selection. The stuff at the airport just doesn't look as good. The airport also has a great outdoor smoking area, and a children's play area.8) Although our bags were not checked very thoroughly, be aware that if you have liquids over 100ml in your hand luggage, they may be confiscated.All in all a wonderful holiday. Last year we stayed next door at the Occidental Grand Flamenco, and that is not a single patch on the Palladium. We will almost certainly return again, but would prefer to stay next time in the Bavaro part of the resort.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>sunyounguy
<Content>wonderfull wedding super place, good food,big resort,very clean,animation is not that good only the karaoke and the micheal jackson show was good the rest don't bother.overhaul this place is 4.5 on 5.very simular to majestic but at a lower cost for sure and alittle older but was renovated to todays looks...yes i would go back anytime....  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Tropiclady
<Content>Had a Great Time This will be my first written review so will do my best to give a fair and honest opinion.Booked with Sell Off Vacations - No problemsTour Operator was Conquest - They were great from start to finish with only one small complaint which I will let them know about so they can improve on.Airline - Air Canada - They were great. We have flown with them the last two holidays and would not hesitate to do again. We much prefer them to SkyService and they have a bigger luggage allowance.Check In was very smooth and we were greeted with a great tropical fruit drink upon arrival. I think we were at our room within 20 minutes and Tony (Bellboy) was great. We found the front staff to be very friendly and accomodating throughout the stay.Room - Very clean, on the 3rd floor overlooking the pool with a partial ocean view and King Bed. The room was great and only two small complaints. We weren't crazy about the shower system and felt that the A/C could have been programmed better. These were by no means make or break vacation complaints. We ran into the maid several times and she was very friendly. I came back one day to pick something up in the morning and the room was being inspected, so I think the resort tries hard to have good standards.Pool - We loved the PC Pool and yes, you have to play the towel game. I said that I would probably not play this game but learnt quickly on the first day that it is a game that you must play. The bartenders were all great but David was our favorite and always went to him. The animation team was also very lively and provided great entertainment and usually your choice to participate or not. I did get dragged into one game after doing the water aerobics but it turned out to be great fun. We were usually at the Pool until 5 most days. There was only one day that the people beside us placed out their towels and never showed up until 3, this is because they were at the beach all day. How rude is this, someone else could have certainly enjoyed those chairs through the day and by 3 many were already empty.Beach - My biggest complaint about the resort! Yes, the beach is beautiful and you can walk for miles but it is was way too busy for us. We did walk the beach several times but actually only spent about an hour one day sitting as I found the beach to be a bit of a zoo. You have to be up even earlier to play the chair game there. I was up to see the sunrise at 6:30 one morning and many of prime chairs are already gone. I found that the beach is way too narrow and small for the amount of people at this resort but that is just my opinion.Buffets - We found that all the buffets were all good and we tried all of them at least once. We would probably give a slight edge to Le Cathedral at the Bavaro. We never had a problem with the service and find that a smile can go along way. We liked the different theme nights and always found a good variety for us.La Uva was great for a late breakfast and we enjoyed the lunch buffet there. We always tried to be outside looking out at the ocean and there was only once that we were inside.A La Cartes - We only ate at El Arrecife and this was very good. We both had grilled bass and really enjoyed. The service was also very good. We did try to get into Mare Norstrum twice but with over an hour wait both times we just ended up at the buffet. There always seemed to be empty tables there but they were being held for Royal Suites people who hadn't shown up yet. I think that if you are going to have a no reservation policy it should go for everybody. At this point we just gave up on a la cartes as the buffets were good and the hubby could wear shorts and sandals.Bars: We liked the Palace Lobby Bar the best, it seemed to have the right kind of atmosphere for us. A little livlier than the PC and quieter than the Bavaro. We however did enjoy the PC when we wanted it quieter and than there is everyone's secret bar Hemmingway's. I was able to get my Bailey's fix here. We had a great time at the Sports Bar outside watching the Super Bowl game and the waiters did a great job of providing endless Presidente's.Casino: We did venture in here a couple of times but found the machines to be pretty tight. We still had fun and will get our gambling fix in Vegas soon.Corner Bar: We made it to the Corner Bar on Feb 3 and this is a great little place, only a few of us but it was great to meet everyone and Mike Fisher. Would have loved to have been at the big Meet and Greet the week before.Excursion: We did the Caribbean Festival and really enjoyed.Overall we really enjoyed our stay and hope to be back but alas there is always so many places to see.I hope this helps and I am sorry for it being so long. I would be happy to answer any and all questions.Tropiclady  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>JLBC
<Content>Girls Getaway?       Casino  
<Date>Feb 8, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>hlywud
<Content>Palladium Punta Cana great again       lush grounds  
<Date>Feb 8, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>BarrieLovetotravel
<Content>Fun with the sisters Wow! What a great place. Absolutely lovely beach. We had a very nice room with a garden patio. Close to the pool and buffet and Casino. Cute train that goes around the resort so you can check out the different hotels and restaurants and the sights. Lots of fun. Good buffets, great drinks. Staff was good but did not speak alot of English. We managed though. You have to watch your towels if you leave then early on the lounges. A few did go missing so we heard. You did not have to book for the ala carte restaurants. Internet was reasonable. I would definitely go back!  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Jayszee
<Content>An Awesome Family Vacation... My family stayed at the Grand Palladium from Jan. 20-27, 2008. We are in our 30's with a 22 month old daughter. Friends with their two young kids came along as well. So, if you need a viewpoint from a mom with 3 little ones in tow, this is it !We had a great time - weather and beach were fabulous as we have come to expect from Punta Cana, and this was our first time at the Grand Palladium. We have previously stayed at a few Bahia Principe  Occidental resorts. What a wonderful place ! Very lush, lovely landscaping, and lots of shaded walkways throughout to give some relief from the sun. The room was great - we stayed in Block 2000 - the best building for sure - very central. Everything worked well - no problems with cleanliness or air conditioning. Bar fridge was filled every day, lots of water. The bathroom was great with a jacuzzi tub my daughter enjoyed. Also, hotel provided a lovely sturdy wood crib for her. All sheets and towels were changed every day.The pools were great. All had shallow areas designated for kids, some with a gradual entry which was nice. My daughter is 36 tall, and the deepest kids pool came up to her chest, so she could still walk around. Most had some shade  some sun. Never had a problem getting 5-6 lounge chairs together under umbrellas, as long as we threw our towels out by 7:30am. It's a game you have to play....no one ever bothered with our stuff, even though most days it was out until 5pm as we toured around doing other things.The kid's club was great - a fenced in play area with lots of Little Tikes equipment, a sandbox  organized babysitting if you wanted it (didn't do that). The mini-disco was well worth it. Every night between 8:30-9:00, staff dressed in costume invited kids up on stage in the theatre to dance  run around to the music - very entertaining. My normally shy little girl couldn't wait to go every night, and it was a good primer for bed. She actually asked to go to sleep after the short stroller ride back to our room from there. It was fun for all. We usually went right from one of the restaurants to the theatre, so the timing was good.The food was very good. I won't say perfect, but more often than not, we have very good meals. They offer an extensive kid's menu at all the ala cartes, and each restaurant put a little different spin on the dish. Everything from chicken fingers  macaroni, to beef tenderloin. All was good. For the adults, the ala cartes were awesome ! Veal, chicken, even steak was well received. The Japanese  Mexican restaurants were really good, too. The gourmet restaurant, Mare Nostrum was so good, we did that one twice. With a no-reservation policy, as long as you show up at a reasonable hour, you will get in. We went close to 6:30 every night, mostly for the kid's schedules, and never waited longer than 10 minutes to get a table for 7 with two highchairs.The best buffet was Le Cathedral on the Bavaro side - only a 7 minute walk from our room. Breakfasts were a little more varied, and the 2 dinners we enjoyed there had lots of choice. The best spot for lunch was La Bohia - a casual buffet-style place near the Palace beach. Roasted chicken, ribs, hamburgers, ice cream - yummy ! We never had a problem finding food for the kids. Also, they have homo milk that all the kids liked, and the staff was very accommodating in filling sippy cups. Also, at breakfast, we had them fill a sports bottle for storage in our bar fridge for the late evening and early morning cries for milk. That worked out great.All in all, the Grand Palladium was a great experience ! The resort is huge, but once you get your bearings, you can get places within a 15 minute walk pretty easily - even with strollers. The Punta Cana area seemed to be the most central part to stay in - the beach, bar, pool  many restaurants were a short stroll away from our front door. The staff was very good, and most were smiling  happy - they definetely love children in Punta Cana. So, with or without kids, I highly recommend this resort as one of the best we've been to in our travels to the caribbean. Have Fun !!  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>dssdt1
<Content>HUGE PLACE - Awsome Time!       Punta Cana Big Pool  
<Date>Feb 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>ABKW
<Content>Fantastic Resort My boyfriend and I stayed at the Grand Palladium Punta Cana with one other couple and we all had a great time. The staff are extremely friendly and helpful. The rooms are a nice size and kept clean.The swim-up bar and pool at the Punta Cana is the best. For pre-dinner cocktails, I recommend the lobby bar at the Bavaro. The Mexican a la carte was our favourite. You don't make reservations for the a la cartes...just show up and hope there's not a wait. If there is a wait, it generally isn't long and you can take your buzzer to a lobby bar for a cocktail beforehand.To secure a spot at the beach or pool, you will need to be up by 8:30am. I recommend getting up at that time, reserving your chairs with towels, grabbing some breakfast and then heading back to your reserved spots. Chairs fill up quite fast. We would spend mornings/early afternoon on the beach, grab a late lunch and then sit by the pool until 5 or 6:00.You will constantly be heckled by locals on the beach to purchase excursion packages, cigars, jewellery, etc. It's easy to barter prices on souvenirs. Best to book excursions through reps at the hotel rather than on the beach. Saona Island is a lovely day trip. The island is picturesque, bbq lunch is great and swimming with the starfish is a lot of fun. Be prepared for a long day. The bus picked us up at 6:50am and we didn't return home until dark.It was a great week and we've already said we'll return.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Samcat21
<Content>Best Holiday Ever!       reception  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>RumAdvisor
<Content>Superbski's, with caveat       drink shack is ten metres behind me,..  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	3	5	

<Author>KittyVancouver
<Content>Mixed Feelings....Reception was terrible, beaches were crowded!! My husband and I stayed at the Grand Palladium Punta Cana between December 29 and January 5th. Reception at this hotel was terrible and not at all accomodating. Whenwe arrived, the hotel gave away our room. They were able to find us another room but the key card didn't work and it took literally five visits to reception before they gave us a key card that worked. Another couple checking in with us were given a room with people sleeping in it (as they discovered when they entered the room). The staff was not apologetic nor did they care about their clients.The cleaning staff, although they did a good job, was yelling and rattling stuff in the hallways early every morning. If you like to sleep in, this is not the place for you.Overall the food was good, but the service was hit and miss. At the buffet restaurant, it was not uncommon to wait forever for a drink.The beaches, although beautiful, were over-crowed and noisy from the boats and planes overhead.Overall, if you are looking for a quite and pampering vacation, this is not the place for you, but if you are on a strict bugdet and can deal with a few hassles, this might be the hotel for you. We will definitely not return.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	4	1	2	2	

<Author>mommatuc
<Content>Wonderful Trip! Stoney Creek, OntarioWe just returned from our trip to Punta Cana. We stayed at the Grand Palladium Resort and Spa in the Palace Hotel. It was just fabulous. The rooms were exceptionally clean and had all the amenities in the brochure. There was even a hottub in the room! The cleaning staff were extremely friendly and did a terrific job! The food was great and there are many restaurants; buffet and ala carte to choose from. You are able to use the restaurants at the other hotels in the complex. The complex is very widespread and the best way to get around is the trolley which runs about every 15 minutes. The pools are large, spacious and very nice. The staff at these hotels are exceptional. They always helped us whenever we had a question and the waitstaff were phenomenal! They always have a smile and are always willing to get you whatever it is you want. Remember you are in their country so there will be a little language barrier. They do their best to understand you and we tried our best at Spanish. The entertainment was great. The shows were very professional and the poolside staff always had some type of game to play. The grounds were clean and the hotel itself was fabulous! We would return. My only complaint was some of the German guests were extremely rude. Politeness isn't worldwide! Ignore them and enjoy your vacation. We read a few comments that had a few bad things to say and they were from AMerican, ignore them! This is a great hotel and we will return!  
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>cjtigrou
<Content>Beautiful resort! Second time at the Grand Palladium but this time in the Punta Cana section. We where 3 adults and 2 teenagers.This was are second time to this hotel but the first time we staid in the bavaro section. Food was great and kids just loved it. Every night would stop in the Sport Bar and have a ice cream.One of the things that we didn`t like this time is that we arrived on the 31st at 3am and that when we got up to go to the breefing that morning we found out that we needed to reserve for diner that night. When we and another couple came to make the reservations they told us that there where no more reservations taken and that there was no other place that we could have diner... After speaking with management we finally where able to get a place but not where we wanted and needed to have diner at 9:30pm or 6:30pm we chose 6:30 since it add been already a long day. Firework was great!2nd thing that we didn`t like is that because we where 5 people we needed to have 2 rooms - both rooms had king size beds and one of the rooms had 1 small folding bed for our 14 year old son.... `The other couple that we where with where having the same problem but there son was much heavier so they added a second matress. Overhall I would return to this complex because of the beautiful beach, pools, gardens, good food but would prefer staying in the junior suit then the regular rooms in the Punta Cana section  
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>owrp
<Content>Nice vacation BUT there were some problems鈥?#x201d; Our much anticipated trip to the Palladium Punta Cana took place Jan. 2-6. Our group consisted of me, my husband, our 2 college-aged kids, my in-laws, my brother and sister-in-law, and their 7 year old. We flew Continental out of Newark and both the departing flight and our return flight were smooth and problem free.Following the instructions we were given on this site, we ignored the men in the Punta Cana airport who were shouting 鈥淎pple Vacations, we will take your luggage鈥? Although we were booked with Apple, we took our own luggage the 50 feet further where we were greeted by the true Apple representative who took us to the bus. The bus took about 45 minutes to get to the Palladium, stopping at 2 other hotels.Check in was fast and gracious. Jesus was friendly and helpful and gave us gifts because one of our rooms was not ready. The rooms were located in the 2000 block, honoring our travel agent鈥檚 request. Some faced the pool and some were on the side where we even had a little glimpse of the ocean. I thought the rooms were lovely. Decent size and clean. The beds were very comfortable. The Jacuzzi was in the bathroom and nice to have. The shower was a bit unusual and the taller people in our group had some difficulty getting the water to stay inside the tub area.The beach was beautiful, as were the gardens. The gardens in the Bavaro side were more in bloom, but all were meticulously cared for. The pool was nice and clean 鈥?a little cold but most of our group enjoyed the water. The ocean was warmer than the pool. The bars were great, as were the bartenders who were very efficient and friendly. Unfortunately, the staff in the restaurants was not as pleasant as the bar staff. The service in the restaurants was very poor. In a recently posted TA review, it said that the vast majority of the staff we encountered seemed less than enthused to be working at the resort. We found the same experience. There are no smiles. They seemed put out if we requested coffee or water. Service was slow (or sometimes nonexistent as I鈥檒l explain later).We ate breakfast at the buffets at the Palace (Las Torres), Punta Cana (El Behique), and Bavaro (Le Catedral). We ate dinner at the buffets twice and at two A La Cartes. Several complaints about the buffets. They are not laid out well. Many of the breakfast foods are made to order creating lines that took about 15 minutes each. That鈥檚 15 minutes for eggs, then 15 minutes for waffle, etc. Le Catedral was the best where there were some items made to order, but also a tray of pre-prepared eggs and pancakes, and French toast. Too bad we didn鈥檛 discover this buffet until our last breakfast. The quality of the food itself was good, not great. The selection was very good.Another complaint: I wondered how the no-reservation system would work for A La Cartes. Not well! We arrived the second night at Bamboo (the Asian restaurant) at 7:30. No room and an hour wait. A couple had been waiting 45 minutes when we arrived and were getting impatient. If the group of 2 was having trouble, it did not look good for our group of 9! We then tried the Mexican restaurant and the Spanish restaurant. No luck. So we went to the buffet. The following night we arrived at Bamboo at 6:00 (it opens at 6:30) and we did get in. Food and service at that restaurant were very good.Our biggest problem: Our last night we went to El Arricife (Seafood  Steak). Knowing to get there early, we arrived at 6:00 and enjoyed talking to the others already lining up. We were seated at 6:30. One thing I did NOT like about the Palladium is that they do not cater to groups. Even in the buffets there are only tables for 4 (6 at the most). They get very upset if you request that two or three tables be pushed together. El Arricife was our last dinner and we wanted to eat together. They actually granted this even though they seemed annoyed by it. The beverage server came promptly (and was very good all night). The waiter took our order and we waited for our food. We waited 2 hours! I don鈥檛 know what happened. It鈥檚 not that they forgot about us 鈥?they brought the 7 year old her food knowing she would be hungry. When we finally asked the maitre d鈥?for assistance, the waiter had to retake our orders and then we waited for more time. We ate the appetizer but were too upset to enjoy the main meal. It was now about 9:00 pm. We ate in 10 minutes and skipped dessert. The most aggrevating part was that the staff did not seem to care. (For what it鈥檚 worth, the food that we did get was good).Just so you know 鈥?we started off our stay at the hotel by tipping, but found the service so lacking that we only tipped occasionally when it was appropriate.One other complaint (then I鈥檒l get back to the good):The resort is very large, as I knew it would be. After the first day I had no problem finding my way around and enjoyed walking between the different sections of the hotel. However, our second day had very, very hard rains. Between the rain and my father-in-law鈥檚 bad legs, we needed to take the train. We waited for over an hour for a train with space. There was a line to get on the train but when it arrived, everyone just shoved each other and ran to it. It should be more organized.There was a silver lining to the Train episode. While waiting in line for the train, I said something to the family behind me. Then the woman asked me where I was from and I asked them the same. When she responded, I realized that she was RAZEL from Trip Advisor! The hotel is huge. It was such a coincidence to meet. I enjoyed meeting her and her family who seem like lovely people!More Good: The activities 鈥?we had fun with Jonathon and all the activities staff doing beach aerobics, swim competitions, balloon game, etc. They do a good job.They also have nice recreation activities which we did on our own (in the rain). Mini-golf, Badminton, Life-size Chess, Soccer field, and more. We went to 2 shows at night. A 鈥淢r. Palladium鈥?competition and the Karaoke night. Not really my kind of shows. I heard the Michael Jackson show and the Stars (impersonators) show were good but we couldn鈥檛 fit them in.I wanted to give my honest opinion of the resort because I chose it based on what I read here. However, we have been to other All-inclusives (Sandals, Breezes, Iberostar Bavaro, and Palladium Mayan Riviera) and found that better service and attitude can be found at all the others. I feel bad complaining about certain things at the hotel when it is obviously a very nice hotel and I feel fortunate to be able to take this kind of vacation. Overall we had a nice vacation in a tropical location with our extended family. I hope I am lucky enough to be able to take a trip like this again but I will choose a different hotel.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	4	4	4	1	2	

<Author>razel1952
<Content>Spectacular New Year's Eve Celebration       early sunrise on PC beach at Palladium  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>hatesn0w
<Content>Beautiful...but... My husband and I just returned from a very relaxing and beautiful holiday in Punta Cana. This was the first time we had done all inclusive and have mixed feelings on if we would go all inclusive again. I'll briefly list some of the pro's and con's of our trip.Pro's: The resort is beautiful - the grounds and buildings were well kept, the pools were lovely and well maintained, the restaurants were clean, and the beach was amazing. The weather was perfect - in the 80's everyday with very little rain and the ocean and pool water was just right. The resort is huge but the size of the resort did not bother us at all. We enjoyed walking around and were alway able to hop on the train if we needed to get some where fast.Con's: One of our biggest complaints was the staff - the vast majority of the staff we encountered seemed less than enthused to be working at the resort. We tipped for nearly everything at the beginning of our trip, but found that we got the same service whether or not we tipped. Overall the food was good, but not amazing. By the end of our trip we ate more out obligation (since we had already paid for it) rather than feeling hungry and craving the food. I always managed to find plenty to fill up on, but my husband who is pickier was sick of the food about half-way through our trip. A few times I saw flies crawling on the food, which is understandable, but also pretty gross. My husband, who rarely gets sick was also sick for a good day, and laid in bed the entire time feeling pretty miserable - I'm not sure if this was due to a food issue or a water issue, but either could have been a possibility. Watch to make sure that your water bottle is sealed. Several times we were given water bottles that were already opened and refused to accept them, requesting sealed bottles. Also, be prepared to feel pretty isolated (and stupid) if the only language you speak is English - if you meet more than a few English speaking individuals you are lucky.Some tips: If you have children be very careful in the ocean, as the tide could easily pull a young child under very quickly. Wear a watch - the only clock we found in the entire resort was in the lobby. All of the outlets are European, except for 3 behind the TV which are hard to reach. There are no alarm clocks - but you can set the phone to be a wake-up call. Be aware that phone calls to the US are very expensive. The phone in our room did not accept calling cards, so called home on Christmas day to talk to both of our families using a credit card. We talked less than 4 minutes total. When we arrived home, our credit card bill was $84.00! We are disputing this right now, but not sure how it will turn out.Overall we had a wonderful vacation and do not regret coming to this resort or to Punta Cana. Since this was our first big trip we didn't really know what to expect, so we just thought it was great to be out of the snow. However, after talking with other people at the resort, we consistently heard that this was the worst all-inclusive they had ever been to - which made us question whether or not we would recommend this resort to others. I doubt we will return to Punta Cana because there are many other places we would like to see, however I will always look back on this trip with fond memories. Based on our experiences I would recommend this resort, however, I would also thoroughly check out other options.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	2	2	

<Author>RumbaOntario
<Content>We loved the Grand Palladium Punta Cana We are a couple 60 + who spent 2 weeks in the Grand PALLADIUM from Dec 4 to Dec 18, 2007.The resort is beautiful, the rooms very spacious, found the bed too firm for our liking.We were in the Block 4, 3rd floor. All the blocks are close to the pool, beach and buffet restaurant.The service was very good. The grounds are well kept.We ate most of the time at the main buffet restaurant at the Punta Cana or the Palace. We had lunch most of the time the Beach restaurant , with a good selection of food, and a nice breeze.The main Buffet restaurants where air conditioned and non smoking.The food was excellent.The shows at night in the theater were good if you can stand the smoking or second hand smoke.In the Lobby of the Palace they had different bands at night, but heavy smoking was our main concern. They should have separated areas for the non smokers. Ashtrays were on every table.The beach was beautiful. We swam in the ocean a few times, but the weaves were quite strong. The staff was very courteous and professional. It was a beautiful place. We enjoy the Dominican music in the lobby, bachata, meringue or ballladas.  
<Date>Dec 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Telegraphjan
<Content>don't worry, be happy We thoroughly enjoyed the Grand Palladium and have no reservations in recommending this resort to others.Our room was excellent, close to the pool and beach, lobby and buffets. The bed was comfortable, we had plenty of hot water and everything was very clean. They stocked our fridge twice a week, which was sufficient. The buffets offered a good variety of food and there are many la carte restaurants to visit as well. We particularly enjoyed the Mexican restaurant - the appetizers are meals in themselves. The only bad meal we had was at the American food restaurant - both service and the quality of the food were poor - we'd have been happier eating at the buffet on that particular evening.We spent more time at the beach than at the pool. By 8 am in the morning, almost every chair at the pools is reserved with towels, which I found rude and unfair, especially when I discovered that some guests reserved chairs at both the pool and the beach, and moved between their two spots throughout the day. Drinks are never more than a shout away, there are bars everywhere! If you find the drinks are weaker than what you prefer, just ask for doubles. The staff has no problem accommodating your wishes. The staff are friendly and very accommodating. If they have a problem understanding your wishes, they will find someone who can speak your native language, whatever that may be. I can't comment much on the entertainment. We went to only one show and it was adequate, but nothing special. We met a lot of people and brought the fun with us.We went on one excurion, snorkelling and swimming with the stingrays and sharks. It was great. The staff were wonderful, the guy playing the music danced from the time we got on the ship until after we had all left! Lots of enthusiasm for sure. We dropped anchor and snorkeled for a looong time before moving on to the tanks with the rays and sharks. Someone mentioned that walking outside of the resort is safe. I wouldn't recommend it myself.I didn't shop, so have no comments on that particular aspect of the trip. I found the rates for using the Internet are higher than what I am accustomed to paying but, what the heck, these people need money more than us.Tipping is not necessary, but greatly appreciated. I made sure we brought a large supply of US one dollar bills for that purpose. I found tipping didn't make a huge difference, the staff treat you well regardless.The only complaint I might have is that the resort is too big. We tended to be clueless as to what was where or how to find a particular restaurant. The solution is to jump on the tram and ask the driver to let you off at the spot of your choice.All in all, heads up at the Grand Palladium. I have been to Puerto Plata as well (Gran Ventana) and there are good and bad points to each place. Punta Cana has better beaches and I'm all about the ocean so, if I were to return, I'd probably chose Punta Cana.I've been to lots of islands in the Caribbean - Barbados, Jamaica, Cuba, Curacao - and the Dominican ranks up there with the more expensive islands. The real difference is that in Barbados and Curacao, you can safely wonder the island.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>holidaylover8
<Content>Paradise.....best buffets ever Arrived home today, what great holiday.All the good things that have been said about the hotel is true. It is HUGE. it has extensive LUSH gardens, soft white sand etc etc.To all the previous +'ve comments, I like to add that having travelled across 3 continents, this hotel offers the best buffets for omnifores (I agree with the previous vegetarian review that their choices were limited). If you like fish as well, you're in paradise! I'm a foodie (my parents are both chefs so I have been raised on quality food) and I can assure you that all the food we had (both in the buffets and in the a la cartes) tasted of good quality, local and fresh produce. Cooking methods were kept simple yet flavoursome, and the freshness in the food can be tasted in every course. The steaks from the steakhouse were of fillet cuts, and the T bones were 1.5 - 2 inches thick!My only -'ve comment is that the staff, in general, did not foster a happy feel. Our cleaners looked miserable, the waiting staff was laid-back , and bar staff at the swimming pools especially by La Uva could not be more laid back otherwise they would be in a coma.We were at the Sirenis Tropical Beach 2 years ago and although the hotel and food were nowhere near the Grand Palladium standard, you could not fault the staff. Even the gardeners were cheerful and spoke AT you when they see you with a jolly bueno dias. Our cleaner even came back to our to see us off when it was time to leave and everyday, we had new towel creations. However, in the Grand Palladium, we did not get a single petal in our room during the whole of our stay, even though we tipped daily, nor did we see any towel creations.If laid back staff will not rub you up the wrong way, then go and book your holiday to paradise.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>beaumontleys
<Content>Beautiful Resort- More thought on the food though       Lobby Punta Cana  
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	3	3	3	

<Author>Wileydog
<Content>Pleasant, but not "WOW'd" I will start by saying that the DR has the most beautiful beaches I have ever seen.Although there is an official policy against reserving lounge chairs, this of course does not stop it from happening, so if you wander down to the beach after 9am, they're often difficult to find. Especially if there are a few of you hoping to sit together. As well, the lounge chairs, although functional, are not the most comfortable or luxurious. If you wander down the beach about 30 minutes, you'll see resorts that have lounge chairs that look like double four poster beds!Our room was lovely and very, very clean. There was a two person jacuzzi tub in our room, but it took almost an hour and a half to fill. When we arrived, the shower door was off the shower stall (leaning against the wall) and the sink was blocked. After a few phone calls and about a 60 minute wait, the maintenance gentleman arrived and fixed both promptly and very efficiently.We found that if we showered between 4-6:30pm (approx), there was no cold water and no water pressure; so your choice of shower was scalding or very hot. Presumably everyone else is also cleaning up from a day at the beach before dinner.We took two excursion tours. The first was the Country Adventure, it was billed as a full day exploring the real DR, visiting a sugar cane plantation, lunch at a ranch, horse back riding, visiting a school; it was ranked, by our tour operator's contact, as the second best tour. It was, in fact, the worst tour we have ever taken. It was way too long. It was a very long day of riding in the back of a tour truck, the horse back riding was about 10 minutes, not the promised 30; the visit to the sugar cane plantation was pulling over to the side of the road and looking at sugar cane. The lunch was very good, but not worth the rest of the day. The drive back seemed endless and due to the fumes of all the other vehicles, we literally wrapped our towels around our faces to make it bearable.The second tour was Saona, a full day visiting an untouched island. It was great fun, but a long day. A 2 hour bus ride, then a 90 minute catamaran ride (with open bar and dancing), followed by lunch and 3 hours visiting Saona, then a speed boat ride back and another 2 hours on a bus. The service was by far one of the most disappointing aspects of our trip. Being familiar with the level of service we've found at the Mayan Riviera, we were, frankly, shocked by how little the serving staff seemed to care. There were of course exceptions, but they were so few and so far between. There was also frequent comprehension issues, and I'm referring to when our Spanish speaking friends spoke in Spanish to the staff and still the meal order or drink order was wrong. But even that is not the real issue, if the majority of serving staff had at least seemed to be interested in our enjoyment or even cracked a smile, wrong orders would have been forgotten. Not impressed.Will I go to the DR again, maybe, but I'd stay at the resort with the fancy, opulent lounge chairs.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	4	2	-1	

<Author>frammy
<Content>Once Again, Loved It! For the second time in my life, I stayed at the Punta Cana - Grand Palladium.We Love It!To start off, I must tell you that I loved it so much the first time that this trip was for one of my 2 weeks of Honeymoon, and yet again, they surpassed our expectations.Food - As always, the food at this resort is wonderful. This time we did not use our a-la-carts, not because the food or service, but because we are the type of people that like to eat when we're hungry. Plus, you have to book them all at the beginning of the week to get the time you'd like (not like 9 at night), and we just didn't know if we would feel like eating those types on those nights. You do in fact get 3 vouchers for these dinners though. So if you want 'em, use 'em.Beach  Pool - My husband and I took a really long walk down the beach, all day infact. Be sure to bring your sunscreen or slather yourself in it. I got a little toasted and I usually don鈥檛 feel the heat. I advise everyone to walk the entire beach at least one day so you can take a look at the other resorts and know just how much bang for your buck you are getting. The pools are all very nice, some more shallow than others, and some more for lane type of swimming. Either way, I'm sure you will find the right pool for you. It's funny, we tend to linger around the one with a swim up bar ... met other Canadians and Americans there ... go figure. Bonding over beer.Drinks - Beware if you have a weak tummy, they tend to use the ACTUAL fruit in these drinks, and after a few, the natural sugar (and sugar cane they use to make these drinks) can make you a little queasy. I did happen to find one that is particularly good and not to bad on the sweet tooth ... order a cope-a-cabana. It's yellow, you get a slick of pineapple on the side ... they make it with the slushy stuff. Tastes a little like a pina-colada .... Except better!Service - These people are awesome! I wish I could take them home with me. The bar staff would have a drink ready for me every time I walked up to the bar (guess I drank too much), and would help me with some Spanish by repeating my order in Spanish.... it's a nice little touch.Reception - Our check in was a little rough ... only because the bus driver dropped us off at the wrong reception (there are 3 in total), but it was no problem, they called a bell hop (at no charge) who kept apologizing, and we took the little trolley (also free) to the correct one. As soon as we arrived, they took us to a very nice little room that already had our fruit basket and bottle of rum on the bed (special for honeymooners). My only complaint was this time; apparently honeymooners receive a special dinner on the beach with candle lit etc.etc.etc. It's all written on the pamphlet ... which had every language but English. So if your going there, just ask them which night it is. Apparently it's all seafood ... these nice people we met from Wisconsin said they just loved it.Out check out was very speedy - plus, we checked out a little soon, so you can sit in the lobby bar and enjoy some last minute cocktails prior to departure. Be careful, they ask you if you want your bag wrapped, they just stick it in a machine that shrink-wrap鈥檚 it all ... sort of dumb, and they charge for this. I personally don鈥檛 recommend it cuz really, what is it going to do, if you bag is going to get tossed bad enough for it to get damaged, the think layer of plastic isn't going to do a thing.Shopping - they had tons of little shops on the resort to do some shopping and to pick up souvenirs, but if you really want to get a good deal.... and don鈥檛 mind bargaining, head to the shops on the beach. I personally love their stone (and I can鈥檛 remember what it's called) but it's teal in colour and very pretty. If you go to the shops in the resort - necklaces could run you $50-$150. If you go to the guys on the beach - they start at about $50 - $100, but literally I got the guy down to $10 for a necklaces and matching earrings. Be careful though, some have fake stones, the real ones, if you put a lighter up to it, they DONT melt. Any of the shop guys who sell these real ones, WILL show you that! :) ... just a little hint, if they don鈥檛 do it, don鈥檛 buy it.Room - last trip, we had no problem, this trip our jets kept shutting off ... but the people at the resort, they attempted to fix it, and when it started acting up the next night, the moved up to a room with a balcony overlooking the water ... soooooo beautiful. We kept getting apologies out the ying yang, but no problem. It broke, they tried to fix it, and they couldn't so they moved us ... and to a better room. :) Wonderful!Anyway, I recommend this to everyone and anyone!Bon Voyage!  
<Date>Dec 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jacalope
<Content>Wonderful time at a great property!       even in ther rain it is gorgeous  
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>HolidayNutEdmonton
<Content>The best in Punta Cana This was the sixth all inclusive my wife and I have been to this year and we think by far the best out of all of them. The resort is more like a little town than a resort. It would take over an hour to walk around the resort. Pools were beautiful and the beach was amazing. Lots of food but only adequate but better than some places we have been. Very friendly people who take the time to say hello and talk with you....always a smile on everyones face. Would definitely go back. The only bad thing was having to leave. Unfortunately, if you have to go from Canada, you may have to take Skyservice. We have never had a good experience with this airline.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BremenMichael
<Content>Great Beaches, Fantastic weather. BUT Just arrived back from 2 weeks in this hotel, was very happy with the hotel resort and room (junior suite - highly recommended) both were of a high quality and very clean and well kept, pools great, sport possibilities were fantastic, then you get to the beach which was just what you expect great sand and miles long with turquoise green water(great waves). Unfortunately you have to eat when you are on holiday. At first you think its not too bad, in the buffet resteraunts, the choice is large and OK presented so you can always find something that you can call food, but then you try the different A La Carte resteraunts!! Of course you don`t expect an Italian resteraunt to be like in Italy, but this was just discraceful what was served, it wasn麓t just by the Italien it was by the Mexican and by the Fish resteraunt just as bad. The only place where you could find food what you expected was the Sports bar where they just sold snacks at least you knew what you was eating. At least you always found some where to have a drink, the beer was OK and the cocktails what you wanted. The staff were always very friendly and quick at serving either drinks the food or by clearing tables.All together enjoyed the Resort but just don麓t go if you like eating good food you will be dissapointed.The last thing if you want a good place at the beach get up very early otherwise all the best places have been reserved, it麓s like being back in Spain during the 90麓s towels every where but nobody to see.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>2	3	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>paul38karen38
<Content>Just Do It. Dont delay book today We Flew out of Newark on Friday the 16th. We used Apple Vacations as we always do and the trip was fast and smooth. Landed went through customs paid our entry tax of $10 and picked up luggage in under half an hour. We were meet outside by our Rep and Told which bus to get. About 40 minutes later we arrived.Reception was fine but our room wasnt to be ready until 3pm. So we went to the sports bar across from the main hall. Had planned to go to the nortorious Corner Bar (Steves) So we went to have a look. Nice open air bar on a corner naturaly. Fun place to sit and watch the traffic coming from three directions with no stop signs. Waited out a little rain storm and headed back to the resort. Room was ready.We booked the Romance Suite. I asked about upgrading and the girl almost laughed. She pointed out on the map where we would be. And we were directly across from the beach. A minute to the beach and three minutes to the main pool. So we thanked her and were driven to our room.Room was good size plenty of room  closet space. Bathroom Big and unlike some rooms at the resort private. Had the whirlpool bath for two, double sink private shower stall and toilet area. Off the bathroom in the romance suites thee is a sliding door that leads to an outside area coverd with palms. There is a shower and a hammock in this area. NOTE we didnt use this area other to to put wet clothes out to dry. The bed was hard the couch/pullout bed was the worst thing ever. Unsittable. There is a sliding door that goes to an outside patio. From here we could see the sea hear the waves and watch the people. ROOM NUMBER 1294. So the room was perfect for us.GOOD NEWS GOOD NEWS. At this resort about a month prior to our arrival they decided to do away with diner reservations. IF you have ever had to do this you realize it can be a pain and a hassel. So you can eat where you wish at the times you wish, may have to wait but not long. We actuaoly only went to two Ala, Cart rest. Both were fine one seafood the other Asian. The rest of the time we had nightly themed Bufet.There are a few diffent bufets to choose from. We generaly stuck to using three mainly and the food always decent if not good and plentiful. Good service from the staff who are fast and freindly. I could say alot about the restaurants but you will see for yourself once your there. I think if we stayed in a different part of the resort we would have used thee facilities They all looked fine to us. All seemed to have airconditioning but wernt using it. It was faily mild and the fans were plentyfull. But nice to know if we go back in a hotter time of year.Pools. All Nicer then the next. All with poolbars in and out of the water. There were plenty of loungers, and tables as well to sit at. All pools had waitress service and they were pronpt. My favorite part about the pools were they had DEEP parts well over my head. All other freeform pools i have been in seemed to only come up to my waist. They were fine but i much preferd these pools with a deep area that is usualy cooler.Gounds, Every resort i have been to has always had nice grounds but it seems in Punta Cana they take it one step farther. Just picture perfect landscaping with ponds and pools and little hidden bars layed out throughout the resort. Theaters (2) not stages in reception area but stand alone stadium seating but with tables and chairs instead of just seats. Very nice and comfortable with a bar and waitresses working. Fits many people and the shows were good from what we saw of them. Mainhalls or the lobby areas. There were four main ones again all with nice bars plenty of seating couches and tables with waitress service. All had live music on small stage for cocktail hour and later. THey stayed open till 2AM. Sportsbar 24 hours if your hardcore. It seemed the main hall we stayed at along with the pool were the hot spots. Great places to chill after or before diner. Or lunch and even breakffast actualy.The beach. Our room was across from one of the entrances to the beach. With a main bufet right across and to the right of us. So everything was there. The beach is everything you have heard. Beautiful warm and inviting. Postcard perfect. There are four or five bars for this resort on the beach. So a drink is always close by. And they also have a daily BBQ on the beach weather permitting of course.The beach in areas is small during high tide. Just walk left or right and the beach widens out. Chairs in the shade always hard to get unless you rise early. Sometimes loungers were scarce to find. This i found rather sad. I dont even think the hotel was full. But there is plenty of spaces to just lay your towel out and soak in some sun.We did no excursions this time around. We did go into the town of Bavaro and shop two times. Afterwards hiting the orner bar. And we went to the new HardRock. Where there is an uptodate mall. Little pricey but nice to browse and buy.The resort has two seperate shopping strips of its own. The bavaro bazaar where you can buy anything you could want or need. Prices are just ok. In town you can bargain but it can be a hassel if your not use to it. Everyone wants you in therre store they are all nice just pushy and irrataing. If you can get past that and i do alot of things can be bought for half of the resorts prices.Cab to town about $7To the hardrock about $13 Depending on the driver so always ask first. And the bellboys at the resort can also let you know.In my opinion if and when we come back to Punta Cana. We have many places yet to go. But when we come back we WILL NOT look for a RESORT. We will book this place fast with no hesitation.Positives for us.Good serviceWaitresses at all bars-pools-lobbys-rest.Deep PoolMany Pools all with barsNO REERVATIONS FOR FOOD (thats a big one) and it wasnt abused? Hell we only used it twice. The food is all that good.Many choices if wanting Ala Cart.big resort but not to bigFreindly staffTheatersNegatives.Hard bedLousy couch.I could go on. But i think you see my opinion. PM me if you have any questions  
<Date>Dec 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>PaulW451
<Content>A very relaxing holiday My wife and I just spent two fantastic weeks at the Grand Palladium Resort and Spa. It was fantastic.I just read another reveiw from some folks from England and I really can't argue with any of their facts, so I will just add to a few things on my own. I don not want to sound negative, these are just some things I wish I knew before I went there.The flight from Calgary was good but the seats on Transat don't leave much for leg room. I would highly recommend going online and spending the extra money to reserve a seat with extra leg room near the emergency doors. Otherwise, the flight was good.The 20 minute bus ride from the airport is more like 45 minutes. It is an adventure if you have never been to the DR before. Sure was fun though!The staff at the hotel are all excellant, from the check in , to the lounge staff to housekeeping and maintenance. The only regret that I have is that I did not take any Spanish classes before I went. This is another recomendation I would make to anyone that has not been there before. However, there are people around that do speak English, you just have to look. We hired a private tour guide that took us to Higuey. He did all our translation and driving for us and made it our best day while we were there. (Tip, ask a bellman if they know anyone that will take you on a private tour)All the Excusions and tours can be booked through the hotel. I would again suggest some research into any tours you would like to take. We took one that was recommended by our tour guide and we found it was quite overrated so be sure you go on something that you are going to like. Make sure you ask lots of questions before booking a tour. It is highly recommended to spend the extra dollars booking through your tour guide or hotel, not from one of the guys on the beach.Speaking of the vendors on the beach. One thing to say about them, nice guys maybe and yes they are trying to make a living, but what they are selling is not the real macoy and if you want to book any tours, as mentioned, do it at the hotel, not on the beach.If you are not staying at the Royal Suites, do not go onto any of the loungers on that end of the beach. We were very rudely treated by other guests on the beach because we were not suppose to be there. In Fact, we left our towels on the lounger when we went to lunch. When we came back, the towels were gone. We were told that the hotel security took them. At check in we were told that we could not go to certain restaurants or pools that were a part of the Royal Suites but nothing was said about the beach.Just to explain, the reason we were at that end of the beach is to get away from the Animation Team. I have nothing against the team, what they do is great for the other guests, it is just that we wanted to relax and did not want to listen to the loud PA system they use.All in all, it was a fantastic hotel and vacation, I loved it, we were truely treated well and we certainly would return!  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Smarc84
<Content>What a fantastic place to spend 2 weeks of our year! I have just returned from 2 weeks in the DR with my boyfriend and what a great holiday it really was. We have been to the DR 5 times now and I can honestly say that this is by far our favourite resort yet.I will start with the check in - although the reception team are friendly, it is very minimal and you are pointed in the direction of your room with no other detail. But hey, it was fun exploring!Our room was absolutely spotless and very comfortable. It was cleaned everyday and the maid(we tipped her $1 everyday) left pretty flowers around the room and made swans with the towels!Our mini bar was also stocked up daily however, a few occassions we were still asleep in bed at around 9am when he knocked on the door and he never came back!!!The pool is equally comfortable if you can get a sun lounger....I will not lower myself to getting up at 6am to place a towel over a sun bed to show it is reserved! We were up and had had breakfast by 9am on quite a few occassions but there was not a bed in sight. There are however plenty of beds on the beach so it's not too much of a problem.The beach is picture perfect. Again spotless and drowned in palm trees. The Animation team do activities until 1pm on the beach and these are great fun. They then move to the pool at 3pm for even more fun!The Punta Cana lobby bar was a very nice pit stop before dinner. We got to know a waitress called Migellina. She was great and very attentive. All the team there were great but certain people made our holiday memorable. There is a large selection of cocktails and other drinks so you could spend the whole evening working your way through the menu!The main buffet in the Punta Cana is superb. There is so much variety and it changes daily. Sometimes trying to get a drink is a bit of a mission but not really something to dwell on. I would recommend the asian night, it was my favourite and very tasty.We only ate in the Dominican Al La Carte restaurant so I can't give an honest review of all the many many others however our experience in there was good. The food was good, drink was good and atmosphere great. I guess you could say it was great!The evening shows are fab, the dancers are great and it's fun dancing traditional Dominican dances with the Animation team after. The best show is the 'Michael Jackson' and 'Continents' show. I'm not going to go in to detail as I don't want to spoil it for you, just don't miss them!We went to the disco a few nights, this too is fun.I would like to finish with the Animation Team. They are just truely dedicated and full of energy all the time. They are friendly, courteous, helpful and very very fun! We had 2 favourites...Jimmy (He likes to be called Jimmy Lover!) and Rolando. They were great and made our whole holiday experience what it was. If you like to take part in games, activities and dancing I am sure you will find the whole animation team just as entertaining as we did.Have a great holiday...we are planning to go back in April we loved it sooo much!  
<Date>Nov 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>alford56
<Content>Great Dominican Vacation We just returned from a weeks vacation to the D.R and again we were not disappointed. Our trip started with a great flight from Quebec,Canada with sunwing airlines. The flight was great and the service #1. Our first impression of the resort was great despite the little confussion with the rooms. But this was settled quickly and we settled in to our new rooms overlooking the beautiful landscaped property. The resort was huge but we soon got orientated and discovered the train that runs all through the resort. The food was fabulous and the service great. The restaurants were wonderful and the nice thing was that you didn't need any reservations. The daily buffet was full of selection. The rooms were average but clean and the beds were comfortable. The pools were really nice and Bavaro beach was beautiful. The beach was a bit crowded at times but the tides were unusually high so space was limited. Lots of chairs and sun huts all along the beach. The bars were well stocked and water was always available and needed because the weather was sunny and hot. Only one morning of rain. Night life was quiet but the lobby bars had nightly music and the casino was open very late. The nightly show was entertaining and the theatre was a really nice building. The staff at the resort were very friendly and although the language thing was at times difficult, they did try very hard to understand us. I would love to return again to this resort and would recommend it to any one of my friends and family. A super great trip once again in the D.R!!!  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>ellie71
<Content>Awesome Hotel!! Me and my boyfriend stayed at the gran palladium punta cana. It was the best resort ever. As soon as we got there we felt welcomed. Our rooms werent ready until 3pm so we went to the buffet and lunch..the staff took care of our bags in the meantime. The people that work there are so friendly and always with a smile on their faces. If you have any questions there ready to help you. The hotel was spotless no bugs and super clean. The food was awesome and service as well. I would defiantly recommend this resort to anyone. Trust me you'll love it!!! I will be going back for sure!  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>u308908
<Content>Loved the Grand Palladium Punta Cana Grand Palladium Punta Cana was Great. Me and my lady had a wonderful time at this Hotel, Pick this Hotel from Bookit.com. that you can go and attend the other two hotels that they have. The food was excellent. If you pick a great deal like we did, you get to pick 3 special gourmet dinners besides the (All-Inclusive). They have Italian, Mexican, chinese, dominican style dinners. The beach was beatiful, the people and workers were great. Just say O-lah. That means Hi. If you go to the swim up bar at the Grand Palladium (Punta Cana), their should be a bartender named (William) like my name is William. Just tip him what ever you want, and hell take care of you, without waiting long for your drink. Tell him william from NY says Hi.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>joshore77
<Content>Fantastic beach holiday in Luxury resort!       Room  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Partyof4Ontario
<Content>Very Nice Place Here is a few key points from when we (4 adults) stayed at the Grand Palladium Punta Cana from Nov 4-11.Check in/out process was very good and the lobby staff were really nice no real language barrier there. Our rooms weren't ready until 3 p.m. so we decided to grab lunch at the buffet behind the lobby. This particular buffet has some down falls - getting a table was hard, a server for drinks or to get their attention and not much a selection food wise - We are not picky or snotty people but.........we all thought oh boy!!! Cracked a bottle of water open and poured some into a glass (only 1 glass was given from server) and the smell from the water bottle was questionable - but that was the only bottle .... Stomach problems did occur after that from the water don't know but hmmmmm.... Further details below for food.All other staff members throughout the complex were just great -at the swim up bar was Manuel and his wife Cecile - very nice couple, Freddy at the Bavaro Lobby, Mervin at Arrecife who served desserts (yummy) was a very nice man he was singing while serving and he made us a CD to purchase of music that was popular . The Animation Team at Punta Cana was better than the Bavaro.Grounds and all around appearance very nice and clean. To walk around the 3 connecting resorts was not a big issue for walking but there is the train if needed. Beach absolutely great place to relax and enjoy the weather.Rooms where nice, clean and the maids were nice. For showering and the personal need - the room has a separate door leading to shower stall (needs updating) and toilet. Read previous reviews regarding pillows and they were right not very comfy - very lumpy so we asked for 2 more pillows and no problem.We did not need to make reservations for the a la carte restaurants which was really nice and we frequented them quite a bit and kept the buffet for lunch and breakfast.The Bavaro-The Cathedral buffet was the best for breakfast - excellent variety and taste of the food was great, and the next choice was Punta Cana buffet called Las Torres. Lunch we went to the Sports Bar at the Bavaro it has the best pizza ever, along with nachos, salad, hot dogs, hamburgs. We tried the BBQ on the beach for lunch and it was good as well.Dinner we mostly visted the Arrecife and Mare Nostrum a la cartes and the food was delicious and a lot to choose from.Drinks - Banana Mama and Chango(?) Loco and Presidente beer was on tap - very good.Shopping at the complex stores were good just watch your prices between Bavaro and Punta Cana as well you can go down the beach to the shops and get artwork etc. If you need certain things for example Advil or the unexpcted female products bring them with you because the prices are out of this world high! - Best off site shopping is Los Pinos - the price is the price no bartering and prices are good. Down to the beach to Captain Cook and go between the restaurant and the boat place it kind of looks like an alley way- but that's it, turn left and a short walk on the right hand side. Grand Palladium Punta Cana was a nice relaxing week and overall enjoyable and would we go back - yes!!!  
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>roniriwn
<Content>Grand Palladium Punta Cana Resort        Palladium Lobby  
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	4	4	3	5	3	

<Author>Cooltech
<Content>Awesome! Awesome~Resort       Beach  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	3	5	4	

<Author>Havasuhardys
<Content>Up and Coming Dominican Republic Recently returned from DR and found the people to be very friendly, the weather quite favorable and the Caribbean as usual, quite fantastic. The reason it did not make my grade A list....We stayed at Grand Paladium in Punta Cana...it is a 5 star all inclusive...nice place but I felt like I was trapped on a cruise ship! They discourage you from leaving the compound unless your on an excursion...I prefer to walk about and cruise around the little towns. As far as the food goes on an all inclusive it is buffet food, good enough but I like to eat all different cuisines and experience new restaurants when I travel. This was basically the same food day in day out and catered more for a European taste. This appears to be the way Punta Cana is set up. All Inclusive resorts are everywhere offering the same experience. If you like cruise ship travel you will love Punta Cana. I think I will return to the more adventuresome style of travel and lay off all inclusive....maybe go white water rafting in the mountain regions of DR.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travel123Nyc
<Content>Great,great and great!! Beautiful lobby, open, clean, nice furniture. They have an area with lots of info regardinf activities, tour compalnies, tour operatos, everything in I don't know how many languages. They need work with the check-in process. When you stay in one of the Palladiums you can use the facilities of the other ones. The famous train, is very slow. If you missed it, just walk, other wise you will wait about 30 minutes. I waited 30 or more one night we visited the Bavaro resort and at he end the train broke at the Palace, so we probably walked the same lenght and waisted 30-40 minutes of our time. We had 2 sleeping kids that is why we waited for the train. room- very nice clean rooms, with beautiful bath.food-excellent!!. Great variety, yummy flavor, clean restaurants. I do have to give thumbs down because of the smoking area in the main buffet restaurant. You can also use the other hotels restaurants. entertainment - great! dance classes at the beach, also aerobics in the mornings. Games and aerobics at the pool by the beach during the afternoon. Bingo at night. Check the schedule for the night shows, if you don't like the one for that night you can go to the other hotel for the show.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	2	5	5	

<Author>BazzerEssex
<Content>Lovely Resort We have just returned after 2 weeks and we were very satisfied with the hotel. The rooms were very nice were very clean with the sheets and towels changed daily. The hotel grounds/gardens were very well kept with the gardeners doing work all day every day. We found the hotel staff very friendly, although some had limited English they would always try and find another member of staff to help. The entertainers were really friendly and tried to get everyone involved, they wasn't too pushy either. The beach and pool was really clean and tidy and there were always sun loungers available. The food was good and there was plenty of choice, the buffets were always well stocked and the a la carte restaurants were good with reasonable sized portions. We had 14 days of hot sunshine, there was a maximum of 1 hours rain for the whole 2 weeks. We thourougly enjoyed our stay at this hotel although there was not many English people there, the guests at this resort were mainly Spanish and at times the Spanish were quite rude and arrogant. They would push in at the bar and buffets and speak in Spanish to the staff to get what they wanted quicker. Overall I would say it is an excellent hotel, we would go back if we returned to the area.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JDB12
<Content>Absolutely Amazing!!!! My boyfriend and I stayed at the Grand Palladium Punta Cana for a week and it was flawless.. The Palladium is made up of 3 gorgeous resorts and you get to use all the amenities--bars, restaurants, pools, theaters, clubs, etc. etc of all 3 resorts. The resorts all flow into one another seamlessly and you never feel crowded. We never had to wait on lines, or look for lounge chairs, and the beach sometimes was nearly empty cause theres so much of it!  The grounds were so well maintained and beautiful, the beach was perfect, the food was tasty, the service was great, and our room was spacious, clean, comfortable and the decor was very nice. The A La Carte restaurants had a great selection and each meal was superb, as was the service. The pools were clean and gorgeous, never too crowded. (our favorites were the Punta Cana pools) Each pool has a swim up bar as well. The entertainment was fun, and the staff really gave their all to make sure you had a great time. We had an amazing time in DR, thanks to this resort!  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ginobb
<Content>simply paradise we just got back from a two week stay at the punta cana palladium resort....huge resort in a tropical setting ...we were simply spoiled and pampered for 2 weeks the staff friendly, always ready to help and just lovely people...the rooms clean deluxe rooms nice decorthe food well don t except gourmet cooking ,but tasty and good foodlots to chose from, grills ,pasta bar, theme nites, and a la carte..beach simply awesome miles of white sands and clear turquoise watersexcellent value for your moneywill we return, for sure we willif u need details and plan to go there you can e mail for detailed info  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jbissett
<Content>Beyond words, Paradise and pleasures We have visted the D.R. several times, and have never been really disappointed. On that note, we were overwhelmed by this resort. The beach was just outstanding, clean, white, and lots ofroom with many lounges. Security was there, always. No naggingvendors. Beverage service was excellant. The pools were just asoutstanding. Clean, well maintained, and lots of lounges. The pool bars were all first class. We upgraded to a Royal Suite, and it is worth it. Every person we encountered from the resort was polite, gracious, and could not do enough for you. Language is a minor barrier, easily overcome by pointing and showing. It is verymuch appreciated, when you tip. That dollar bill goes a long way in service received, and future amenities. The food was above any other resort we have stayed at. The wait staff at these buffets can not do enough for you, plus remember gratuities big time. The resort grounds themselves were well manicured, clean and just plain beautiful. I've never taken so many pictures of a resort itself. The casino was a blast. I read in Trip Advisor, a suggestion to bring insulated cups for drinks. Absolutely do this.Your drink stays cold,and you get bigger drinks. The bartenders just love them, and remember you by your cups. This was by far the best, most relaxing, and enjoyable resort I have ever been to,bar none. The night before leaving, while enjoying a beverage of choice, we discussed how we didn't want to leave and began planning a return next year. This resort should be rated by the smiling faces, which equal diamonds. A definite 5 Diamond Resort.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ananasvolant
<Content>Really good first resort experience I went to Punta Cana with my boyfriend. We really liked our week! The weather was perfect! We were surprised by how warm the water in the ocean was! The beach is really well kept there are palm trees everywhere and plenty of beach chairs for everyone. Some vendors on the beach but if you don't look at them they won't hassle you. All the people working there are really nice and patient. We learned some basic words and expressions in spanish before going and it was fun to practice with the staff. Don't go to the shops outside of the resort the vendors are terrible and really agressive.The rooms smell musty but are very clean. The rooms could be better decorated but it has all you need and it is right next to the beach and the pool and restaurants. Everything is just close by. We visited all the buffet restaurants and we prefered our buffet. It is smaller than some others and we liked the decoration. It was not too crowded. The food is just great everywhere you go. We could not believe how good it was, we also tried the mexican and seafood restaurants and both were really good.It is possible to get really good drinks at all the bars we drank mohitos the whole week :). The pool and beach bars are too busy though so you get more basic drinks but it is still very good.If I would come back I would go to the Bavaro side. The rooms seem nicer and their lobby is just great. However there is a chance your room will be a bit far from the beach ..In all an awesome week we just beached out in the sun and went swimming all the time and we ate like kings and the place is beautiful.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Pasto911
<Content>Absolutely Wonderful I just got back from a 4 night stay with my girlfriend 8/13-17. We had a deluxe room that we booked directly off of the hotel's website.This place was exactly what we wanted. The beach was the gorgeous, the rooms were clean, and the swimming pools were pristine. The staff were friendly and helpful.Most of the other guests were Spanish or German, so that meant two things: English was not widely spoken outside of the reception area, and many women go topless on the beach. Neither point really bothered us, but both came as a surprise on the first day.We can't wait to come back.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Jane065
<Content>Wonderful vacation, Newmarket, Ontario, Canada My husband and I have just returned from the Grand Palladium Punta Cana and had a fabulous time. The accommodation was clean and very well taken care of as were the grounds, the pools, the beach and restaurants. The receptionists, the manager and the staff were wonderful. The food was excellent with food choices for everyone, the waiting staff were always ready to take away dishes, bring drinks, coffees, etc., with a smile.We have had an amazing vacation and will certainly be returned as soon as we can and hopefully with our daughter, son-in-law and grandchildren.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lol-stepens
<Content>Absolutely fantastic I visited this resort with my boyfriend from the 10/07/07 until247/07. I am 18 and my boyfriend is 21. We were a little apprehensive about visiting an all inclusive resort like this for our first holiday away together as we thought we would get bored. We were very pleasantly surprised.Check in: Our check in was very quick and easy we had no problems, staff were very friendly and our bags were taken straight away to our room. We were also given a glass of fruit punch on our arrival which was a very nice touch.Rooms: Our room was very spacious with a huge king size bed. On our first night we did not realise how to turn on the fan and the air con so we were very uncomfortable. This was throough no fault of the hotel. The next day the maid had turned on our air con for us which was good. We were in the 3000 building which i think is the best one to be in. It is situated very close to 2 pools, many bars, the beach, and 2 restaurants. The other facilities in the room were fantastic with the jacuzzi bath and very large mirrors which are perfect for getting ready.Room Service: Our rooms were cleaned almost every day, although it was at different times so sometimes we came back to find the maid cleaning our room. We left a dollar tip every day for the maid and we always had clean towels and sheets. Our mini bar was also refilled every couple of days.Pools: Near our room there were 2 pools very close by, both with swim up bars and lots and lots of sun loungers. You will notice that one pool is quieter than the other so it is your personal preference.Beach: Absolutely amazing. I couldn't believe it it was just beautiful the beach becomes quieter as you move more to the right of the beach. Don't worry about getting up early to guarantee getting a sun lounger as there are plenty for everyone. The sea is gorgeous and warm. We spent most of our days there.Staff: We found all the staff to be veryy helpful and friendly, our room keycard stopped working one day, when we took it to reception we got a new one straight away. Bugs: We used insect repelent before we went out every night, my boyfriend did not get bitten at all and i only got bitten a few times.We had 1 cockroach in our room throughout our 2 week stay so this was not a problem.Restaurants: The buffet restaurant that we were close to was grat and there was so much to choose from. You should note however that the resort gets extremely busy on the weekends and so you would need to go down at half 7 as soon as it opens to get a place.We ate at 3 of the a la carte resaurants; the italian, the mexican (3 times) and the sea food restaurant. The mexican was our favourite it had great food and was just a short train ride away.Other info: We only went on 1 trip which was fantastic. It was the outback safari and i would recomend it to everyone. I would recomend the half day version for families with younger children as the full day is veryt long. It is great to learn about the history and culture of the Dominican Republic.From the reviews i read, it said that staff don't speak English and don't even try. This is untrue, many speak some english, enough for them to understand you and if they don't, they will find someone to help who does.All in all we had a brilliant holiday and enjoyed every minute i think this resort is perfect for couples who want to spend some quality time with eachother. We are already planning our holiday for next year and are definately going to stay in a fiesta hotel again.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BUCA479
<Content>Loved the Dominican HATED the resort Arrived on Sunday 7/15 the rooms they gave us were incorrect. There were 15 people in our party. They put 4 of us in a room with 2 single beds and wanted to bring in 2 cots that were an average of 5 ft long, If the cots were brought in there would be no room for luggage or anything else. Had to fight with the front desk. Did not find them helpful at all. they finally gave us the rooms we were supposed to have but only after I called my travel agent. This took approx. 4 hours of my vacation time. The rooms had bedbugs everyone was bit to pieces. Our sheets were never changed. Some of us didnt have our rooms cleaned at all and there were never enough towels to shower. No one spoke english even in emergencies and there is NO ATM at any of the resorts. Had to take a taxi in town for 25.00 and they gave me my money in pasos. Any questions I asked the front desk acted indignent and rude. The food was mediocre but you have to eat during certain times or you miss out. Big breakfast but dont expect to be hungry at lunch which is from 1-3 then its to late to eat no place is serving untill 7 that night. Also, dont expect to find any soda for sale, you get a coca cola replaced in your fridge every 2 days. Not enough for 4 people. I would not advise anyone to stay at the Grand Pallidium resorts although I would recommend the Dominican Republic itself. Beautiful country lots to see but none of that is included in the all inclusive. You will be harrassed constantly on the beach by vendors wanting to book trips. OVERALL... AWFUL AWFUL RESORT.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	4	1	1	1	1	

<Author>Chenga3
<Content>My Friend Was Attacked At This Hotel My friends and I booked a one week all inclusive trip through Conquest Vacations to stay at the Grand Palladium Punta Cana Resort  Spa. This hotel has very minimal security and the saftey of their guests is not one of their priorities. On our third night in the resort, my friend was attacked by another guest on the hotel property. The hotel security did nothing to retrain the attacker, and when we were calling for help, they did very little to respond to our cries. My friend suffered a large cut in the top of his head, several blows to the back of his head, two chipped teeth and a badly bruised nose. He spent two nights in the the hospital and the hotel management subsequently did nothing to repremand the guests that attacked my friend. They were simply taken back to their hotel rooms and were able to finish out their vacation as planned.In addition, on the night of the attack we were asking the hotel to call the police as we would like to press charges. The hotel management lied to us and told us that my friend would be put in jail if we did that, and they refused to call the police as police in the Dominican Republic will only respond if the hotel calls for them. Needless to say, the hotel does not want the police to show up on the resort, as this would result in bad publicity for them.As a result, our vacation was completely ruined due to the lack of hotel security and Grand Palladium's refusal to take any responsibility for the saftey of their guests. The hotel manager told us explicitly that they have over 8,000 guests and we can't be responsible for the safety of each person. I guess we were just six unlucky individuals that the hotel could not protect. I warn all potential guests to go with caution.Furthermore...the hotel was lacking through the following ways:1. They do not have enough beach towels for all their guests, you have to exchange your towel before 9am or you will be stuck with a dirty, wet towel for the rest of the day.2. One of the days there they sent all regular towels to another hotel, and the entire resort was without clean towels to bathe with.3. We requested rooms with two beds, and they were unable to accomdate this request, and so they brought us a cot that was infested with bed mites. (This was evidenced by bites that were on our bodies in the morning)4. One morning there was an electrical shortage, and we were without running water, A/C and unable to flush the toilets for a few hours (as running water is apparently connected to electricity in the Punta Cana)5. No hot water in the hotel - cold showers all around.I would never, ever return to another Palladium or Fiesta group resort.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	1	1	

<Author>Dipps9
<Content>Never go here. Dangerous and unwilling to help you! STAY AWAY! This hotel customer service and security is a great risk.We were there and the girls were harrassed and the one guy was beat up by PEOPLE STAYING AT THE RESORT!!!There was no security around to help or prevent the fight outside of the disco (on the resort).They caught the guys but were unwilling to call the police and left the guys on the resort for two days until their trip was complete.They lied to us saying they'd kick them out but didn't.We felt very unsafe that these people were still around the resort finishing their trip as if nothing happened and we spent time in the hospital, police station, meetings with management, etc.The customer service by the hotel manager (Rafael) was horrendous! We was unsympathetic to the situation and felt that security is not responsible for what happened.It was very unprofessional and the hotel took NO responsibility. We're disgusted as it ruined our trip for the six of us and one is seriously injured.Stay away from the Dominican in general as the Police Station was the most unsafe place I've ever been in. No one is in uniform and we didn't know who the cops were. Very run down and the floors were muddy with the jail cell right in front of you with guys hanging out of the bars yelling at you.Absolutely disgusting!Stay away from the Dominican republic. Let's not make this into another Mexicao fiasco.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>1	1	4	3	4	2	2	1	

<Author>abduke
<Content>Great potential...bad results What and up and down weekend....my wife and I received 2 nights at the Palladium Punta Cana as part of a wedding package offered by Fiesta hotels. We arrived on Friday night and were warmly greeted by a very professional and courteous staff who made check in a breeze. We left after work and arrived at the hotel at around 9:45PM and were assured by the front desk supervisor that we had plenty of time to make it for dinner as long as we sent our bags with the bellboy. Much to our chagrin, when we arrived at the dinner area (about two minutes away from the front desk) we were rudely told by the hostess that if we were going to eat we'd better hurry up because it was 5 minutes to 10pm...nevertheless we were let in to eat but were completely ignored by the servers and had to get something to drink at the bar outside after we had finished our meal. On top of that our sheets and pillows did not smell good...I could hardly sleep because of the smell that eminated from the sheets and pillows (this issue was corrected the next day)Day 2Breakfast was good, nothing extraordinary (no smoked salmon for breakfast althought they did have it for dinner) but adequate. Luckily juice was self serve at breakfast so we didnt have the same problem from the previous night. My wife and skipped lunch because we spent most of the day at the beautiful beach which I must say was the best part of trip. We got hungry at around 4pm and headed toward the pool side restaurant (el bohio I thing) Food here was great and varied from burritos to brocolli and paella...again, I was disappointed by the lack of self serve drinks but at least I was sent a waiter who promptly fulfilled my drink request. Dinner was at the main restaurant (el behique??) and again, the food was ok but we had to go to the bar outside to get a drink because the waiters would not go around our area and/or ignore us and everyone else around us. We had a great server at the outdoor lounge that's next to the restaurant.day3This was our final and worst overall day... we got up at 9 and decided to get breakfast before heading to the beach prior to check out and what's the first thing we see when we get to the breakfast area?? A line with about 50-70 people waiting to get into the eating area. My wife and I didnt want to spend half an hour waiting to get into the buffet area so we decide to check out the place where we had lunch the day before, when we got there 2 very nice gentlemen informed us that they werent open for breakfast and that the only place that serves breakfast is the behique (place with the looong line). We walked back to the place to find that the line had subsided and that it was already 10:03. When we try to go into the place to get some breakfast our lovely hostess Carolina said we couldn't go in because it was already past 10 and that if we would've made the line we would've been eating inside my wife pointed out that the sweat on her forehead was because we were looking for an alternate place to eat because we didn't want to wait on line which didn't seem to move Carolina much. We ended up going to another place that serves sandwiches a la carte called la Uva and found many other disgruntled guests. I ended eating some fruits and yogurt (self serve) and a guy at a table next to us had waited so long for his food and was so disgusted by the wait that he ended up raffling off his sandwich to the other poor souls that were desperately waiting for their food. Lunch was great at the Bohio and again great variety Chop suey, paella, meats, vegetables etc. All in all this hotel has the potential to be great (great sports facilites, beautiful pools, awesome beach) but it seems they are a bit understaffed because you have to wait a looong time for anything at most restaurants (especially drinks). I am not returning here but you can check it out for yourself and hopefully you'll be pleasantly surprised...GOOD LUCK!!  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	5	3	5	1	-1	

<Author>Mardewey
<Content>The Resort is Beautiful       Beach View  
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>Marge6
<Content>Loved this Resort My hubby and I were at the Grand Palladium Punta Cana two weeks ago, from June 23-30, 2007 an absolutely loved our stay. This was our second trip to the area and was a 'spur of the moment' last minute decision. We chose this resort for no particular reason but for the fact that it is in P.C., our destination of choice, and was elated with our choice. As it turned out, of all the resorts we've been to (Puerto Plata, P.C., Cuba, Barbados),this is the one we liked the most. Check-in: QuickStaff: Friendly and accomodatingRoom: Spacious, very clean and cool. Big closet and free use of the safe.Food: Breakfast - standard fare - eggs, bacon, sausage, pastries.The churros are delicious. Lunch - ample choice both at the beach grill and at the main buffet. Dinner - aside from the ever-present burger, pizza(very good), french fries and pastas, the menus changed daily depending on the theme for the day. The Dominican night was my favorite.Can't comment on the A La Cartes as we did not go to any.Surroundings - Very clean and well maintained. Lush with lots of coconut and palm trees and flowering shrubs. Long, covered walkways. Truly a beautiful place.Beach - Bavaro beach - the main attraction for us. This is where we spent most of our time. Did not venture off or around the resort as we were content to just laze on the beach and swim in the ocean.Service in the Lobby bar - excellent. Negatives ( not the resort's fault )Some rude inconsiderate guests - on a few occasions, I saw people picking slices of fruit and bread from the trays with their bare hands and eating it right there. Eeeeww!! Don't do that, lady.A group of women reserving palapas by leaving their towels overnight. I would have loved to one of those palapas on the beach. Maybe next time.No shortage of palapas in the pools.My son and his wife leave for a week's stay at this resort day after tomorrow. As for my hubby and myself, we will be back for sure. Can't wait.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kay_woo
<Content>Awesome 1st AI experience Seeing as I have never done an all inclusive before, I didn't know quite to expect. So after reading many peoples reviews on resorts in Punta Cana, My boyfriend and I decided to go to Grand Palladium PC. So here's my review:Rooms:The rooms were great, we got a king sized bed. They were super clean, and there was a jacuzzi in the bathroom. WE tipped about $2 US a day, and left dollar store gifts for her and got awesome towel and cleaning service. She even put flowers in the bathroom for us.Food:WE didn't get sick :) The buffets were pretty great, the food selection changed every day at dinner time, breakfast and lunch were always well stocked with food and the most tasty pineapples I have ever had. Resort Area:The resort is beautifully kept, with lots of gounds keepers. Everyone is really friendly. The beaches were raked every morning and there were more than enough beach chairs for everyone. You have to get up pretty early in the morning to get the prime spots.Market:The property is right next to the Market where you can bargan hard for stuff. Ask for Desire, he gave us a pretty sweet deal on the jewelry there and made sure that it was real and not the fake stuff.All in all we had an awesome time, just make sure you bring lots of sunscreen cause it is super hot and the sun is strong down there.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>KeroTravel
<Content>A Dream Come True Vacation Our trip was from May 11th-18th ... and it definitely wasn't long enough! We had an amazing time!! The weather was PERFECT everyday - not a drop of rain. We stayed in the 4000 building which was close to the main buffet, lobby, pool and beach.Check-in at the hotel was smooth and included a nice welcoming drink. The room was beautiful and the king size bed we had was very comfortable. Everything in the room was always stocked including towels and the fridge. Everyday we left a little something for the maids (money and small gifts) to show our appreciation for taking such great care of the room. The beach will take your breath away. The sand is white and the water a gorgeous aqua blue. If you're interested in getting a palappa at the beach you need to claim one before 7am. We would leave our stuff under one before we went for breakfast and then come back. It is very early ... but its well worth it! The pools (2 of them) were great as well. Never had a problem finding a palappa at the pool no matter what time of day it was. Each pool has a swim up bar as well as pool side waiter service for the loungers that are far from the bar. The animation team was a delight! Participation was never forced. They kept people busy on the beach in the morning with beach sports and dancing lessons and at the smaller pool in the afternoons with the same. Their English isn't the greatest, but patience during conversations is all it takes. The food was to die for! There is something for everyone's taste. The buffet is full of selection (meats, pizzas, salads, fish, pastas, vegetables and fruits) - there were new items on the menu each day. Breakfast, lunch and dinners there were all great. If for some reason this buffet isn't to your liking, the buffet over on the Bavaro side is extremely large with a bigger selection. The a la cartes were great as well with the exception of the Bamboo. We did not like it at all. I do not recommend it. We are lovers of asian cuisine and this place had nothing to offer but environment. The other two we went to were the Mariachi (Mexican) and the International (Seafood). These two were great! Lobster is available at the Seafood restaurant for extra fee of $30US - we thought that a bit much for lobster and stuck with the regular menu which more than satisfied our tastebuds. The only place to get food 24hrs is the sports bar on the Bavaro side.The bar selection around the hotel was great as well. Choice of drinks and cocktails was always plentiful. We went to two shows and they were typical of what you see for resort shows, dancing mostly, but still entertaining to watch. We went to Sunset Boulevard one evening (on site disco on the Bavaro side). If you're into Latin dancing this is the place for you. The resort is large considering you spend a significant amount of time in the night on the Bavaro side - there is a train you can take around the complex if need be - but some nights we found that walking around the complex was faster as the train stops frequently and goes everywhere!!For those into sports the sports complex is great! Soccer fields, tennis courts, archery, badminton, ping pong, basketball and volleyball courts and mini golf. They run different tournaments every night depening on which sports the guests are interested in. The sports complex can be found behind the larger pool.We spent a couple evenings in the Casino. It's small but there was never a night I couldn't get onto a slot machine. I even won one evening, to my surprise - cause I never win anything at the casinos here at home. There are also gambling tables available in the evening from 7pm onward. We would defintely return to this resort again and again. We heard horror stories from people about their return experience at the airport - we had a flawless return and we hope you will too!Happy Travels!  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kste
<Content>Okay, but the Bavaro is nicer. The airport at Punta Cana is quite confusing. There isn't a lot there, so don't expect much. You instantly get shifted to the area where the transfers happen to take you to the hotel. Once entering the Resort, the location appears nice. There is a language barrier, so be prepared. Pay attention to the white sheet of paper that the front desk gives you. This piece of paper definatly tells you ALL you need to know about the restaurants, etc. A La Carte meals mean where you can book a reservation to eat a 'specialty' food, at a restaurant that is NOT buffet. There is a mexican a la carte restaurante, a oriental one, an italian one, and one or two more. Their food is ordered off a menu, but it wasn't all that great. Therefore, it wasn't a weight gainer. Frankly, we preferred the buffet over our A La Carte experience. There is supposed to be one a la carte per 'x' amount of days visit, however the person at Guest Services can 'hook you up' with more if you wish to have them. The various locations of buffet restaurants have similar food, but set up differently. Our favorite was the buffet by the lobby of the Bavaro (Cathedral). Nice, clean, large, set up a bit nicer. The other buffet we liked going to was the one by the largest pool. It was air conditioned as well. We did learn that MEN MUST bring long pants if they wish to experience an a la carte meal. So DON'T forget them. Tipping was as others have said. Frankly, a US dollar or two goes a long way. So, tipping a couple dollars for your maid, a dollar here and there for a bartender is appreciated. You don't spend much on tipping. We actually came home with left over money that was set aside for that sole purpose. Drinks are watered down, but it was fine with us. Apparently there is a bar on the side of the main lobby of the Bavaro that has more 'name brand' alcohol if that matters to you. The lobby at the Grand Palladium Resort was not as visually nice as the lobby at the Bavaro, and we sort of wished we stayed there instead, but we were content knowing we could take the small train (tram) over to their section anyway, which gave something to do. INTERNET is dial-up at the internet cafe, and you do have to pay about $8 for an hour, or $5 for a half hour. Be prepared for it to be SLOW. The buffet restaurants open at scattering times. One may open at noon, another at 1:00. Read that white sheet of paper to understand., otherwise you will be lost with what to do or where to go. The whole place closes up around 8 pm. No going to the beach, no night time swimming. Near the lobby of the Bavaro is an outdoor amphitheater. This had an amusing show or two. The lineup is located in the lobby of Bavaro to see what the nightly show will be. We saw a great one on Folklore dancing of the Domincans, as well as a Micheal Jackson look-alike and it was good. The largest 'store' we found was located near this amphitheater. The casino is small, has 5 cent one armed bandits and a black jack table or two. Nothing special. There is a disco that opens around 11 or midnight. We didn't experience that. We were too tired. The pools are clean, the beach is beautiful. You can sign up for an excursion...we did the swimming with sharks and sting rays and snorkeled. Snorkeling is not as pretty here as it can be in Cozumel or Grande Caymens. The coral was colorless. There is beach aerobics, beach stretching to music, and dance lessons. There are some aggressive vendors to the west of the beach, located at the beach. If you ignore them, you will not be hassled, if you show interest, they'll surely pick up on it and entice you to come and 'shop'. They will upgrade you to stay next door at the Royal Suites. We preferred to not be upgraded. The upgrade is in the room and it's appearance, but actually, it pulls you farther away from the lobbies, and the 'action' as well as the interaction, so it weighs out evenly depending on what you prefer to experience. Definitely the El Cathedral is the best buffet as previously mentioned. Out of the three complexes, the suites, the palace and the bavaro, I would recommend the bavaro. Nicer, classier, better experience. Yes, the rooms smell musty. Unavoidable I suspect given the location. Marble floors are because carpet would be ridiculous with the amount of sand that you track in. Overall a great place.  
<Date>May 20, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	2	2	2	2	1	

<Author>Molly2006
<Content>2 Weeks In Paradise We stayed at the Grand Palladium Punta Cana Resort and Spa from Apr,22nd til May 6th! we were on our own for the first week and then 6 of our friends joined us for the second. Let me tell you it was wonderful. We were in the 2000 block villas and when we walked out of the villa our pool was right there as well as the ocean. The Punta Cana section is the least expensive of the 4 resorts that make up the Palladium and we found it to be the best location of all of them ! Why pay more money and have to take a train ride to the ocean? Our room was nice with a king size bed and a jaccuzi tub and shower in the bathroom. We had a nice balcony that overlooked the pool. We ate at three a la cartes but found the food to be just as good at the buffets. The ocean and beach was amazing! We spent the better part of our days on the ocean walking and lazing around in the sun. There was a bar right by our lounge chairs so it was quick and easy to get a beverage any time we wanted. Before our friends joined us we went on a day trip to Saona Island, It was awesome! We took a bus ride to the Carribean side of the island and then a 1 1/2 hr catamaran cruise to the island, the rum was free flowing on the trip to the island and then we enjoyed 4 hrs on the beach which included a bbq lunch and again more rum!!! We took a speed boat back to the bus but stopped first in the middle of the ocean to what we call a sand bank but they call it an ocean pool. We picked up starfish with our bare hands! It was sooo cool! I highly reccomend this excursion!The Animation team is wonderful. Marguerita, Paulina, and Orlando made sure we were having a great time by getting us up for arobics on the ocean or games of bocce and Domincan Olympics!!! They work so hard in the hot sun, and are genuinely friendly. The staff overall were very helpful when we needed anything it was taken care of right away. We did tip, but found the service to be good even when we didn't. We are looking forward to returning to this resort again! We travel every year and would not hesitate to go back!  
<Date>May 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Newfy2
<Content>Excellent time at Palladium!               More photos  
<Date>May 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>debbie_2332
<Content>Can't Get Enough of the Grand Palladium Resort       Room  
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nauss
<Content>Just as pleased second time around       Raphael - tour guide  
<Date>May 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Bainzy
<Content>Great Resort       Bamboo Rest.  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>BradH
<Content>Quite Pleased       Junior Suite from entrance  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>HamiltonBrowneyes
<Content>Absolutely loved it!!! My boyfriend and I just returned from our vacation at the Grand Palladium Punta Cana Resort  Spa from April 20th - 27th. This resort is fantastic in every aspect....here's some reasons why.First of all it is HUGE!! I read the reviews before I booked our trip but I could not believe the size of this place until I saw it with my own eyes. The grounds are beautifully maintained and clean, with cobblestone pathways to lead you around (and keep you sheltered in case it rains.) There is train that takes you around making 15 different stops along the way. Too cute!There is plenty to do for people of all ages. A sporting centre complete with mini-put, tennis, basketball, volleyball, and the list goes on. Casino, night club, theatre with nightly live entertainment, plenty of bars and restaurants to choose from. 3 a la carte dinners per week with a choice of six different restaurants. I suggest booking your dinners as soon as possible as it books up fast! (The international restaurant is fantastic....Lobster is great!) The buffet for breakfast, lunch and dinner is excellent with a huge variety of food that changes daily.The rooms themselves are very nice. Stand up marble shower, each room has it's won terrace or balcony depending if you're on the 1st or 2nd floor. Marble jacuzzi tub in each room. I suggest leaving the maid a small daily tip. $1 or $2 is sufficient. You will find that if you do this you will always have extra towels, your mini fridge will be stocked daily, and besides they work really hard!What else can I say...the beach itself is gorgeous! Turquoise water and white sand. The pools are very large each with a swim up bar and seats. If you want to get a chair by the beach or pool you've got to be an early riser. We woke up every day by 7am and reserved our spot by putting our towels on the chairs. You can go back to sleep or to get breakfast after, nobody will touch your things! Oh...beware that there is a lot of topless, not only on the beach though...they're topless at the pool too! I have never seen this before in other countries. It was no big deal though.You can shop at the resort but it's quite expensive, especially for the jewelry. I suggest taking a walk down the beach and going to the vendors. Only if you're comfortable bartering. They will try to get as much as they can, but keep talking them down...they want to make the sale so trust me don't give them more than you're willing to part with. Overall, we had an absolutely fantastic time! Except for the 2 days of rain...which kind of sucked, this was a top notch vacation spot and we will definitely return!  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dwilliams27
<Content>Somewhat ok This was our first all inclusive trip and our first time to Dominican Republic. The resort itself is beautiful. There is a lot to do. My issues were w/ housekeeping and waiters. Hardly anyone spoke english. Not even a little bit. Whenever we asked for something in particular, it was like an adventure to see what you would end up with. Thank God between the 4 of us we could sometimes figure out what they were saying. Everyday was like pulling teeth to get washcloths. I called the front desk to make the request one evening at 6:30PM. The next morning - still no wash cloths. That morning when I saw housekeeping in the hall she told me not until 5:30PM. I was livid. 1/2 hr later on my way to the pool, I saw her cart full of washcloths. I had to take a couple. I could not understand that issue. At the spa, there was one person that did hair, manicures  pedicures. In the states a good manicure takes about 45 min. My manicure at the spa took only 15 min. When she was done she told me to allow 10 min for my nails to dry - by blowing on them. It was hysterical. But the rooms were very nice (watch for bugs). I saw what looked like a big roach come from the tub  go into the vent. Overall it is a nice resort. The food was delicious. There was so much variety. Our refrigerator always had something in it. The train that takes you around the resort is a nice touch. I've never seen such a small casino. But the slots (all nickels) do pay good. Everyday it rained at least once. Although language was a problem the waiters  waitresses were kind and most always had a smile. There was one bartender by the Palace pool. I forget his name, but he's from Zimbabwe. What a wonderful personality. He was always so sweet and pleasant.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	2	-1	

<Author>vanessa_pimentel05
<Content>Beautiful Resort I stayed at the Grand Palladium April 15th to April 22 with my boyfriend and we had a great time. The staff was friendly and the POOL was AWESOME. At times the entertainment staff was very irritating and would constantly bother you, not only at the beach but at the pool as well. The rooms were very clean and the Jacuzzi was great. The resort overall was a great place and it鈥檚 great to have a huge variety considering you were allowed to eat and play at the 2 sister hotels that were connected. Just to give a heads up the Grand Palladium Bavaro side has the best buffet. SO overall the place was nice and clean and not a very exciting place so if you are going here to party think again, its more for relaxing and kicking back. The only complaint I have is if you have a weak stomach bring lots of Pepto-Bismol and Imodium because I was sick from the food everyday. Have a great trip!!  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jeweltree
<Content>Loved it We just returned from grand palladium punta cana we were there from april 14-21 My boyfriend and i are 22 and 23 and we loved the resort I have been to dominican republic 3 times and this is the best resort i have visited. Check in was great we asked for the building 2000 and on the top floor and we got it i think this building was the best because its right beside the beach, pool and resturant. Our room was nice and spacious and clean. The food was great gave us alittle upset stomach but noting to worry about we figured out what was causing it and we stop eatting it lol (nacho cheese sauce)We liked the idea that there were 3 resorts and how you could use all of their resturants and bars so there was a variety of food. The al la cartes were good we liked the mexican and seafood but the italian was okay. The beach wow words can't discribe how beautiful it was. Pool was big and nice but hardly spent time there.At night not much to do we did watch some of the shows they were standard like any hotel show. Disco was okay if busy.Alot of people complained that the resort was too big we didn't find that at all it was an easy walk anywhere or even take the trainOverall we loved it and didn't want to leave went by way to fast next time we want to stay for 10 days if we do return  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>onsetfran
<Content>Beautiful vacation spot My husband and I traveled to Punta Cana on Friday April 13 and hoped that the date would not be a bad omen for our internet planned vacation. The Grand Palladium was exactly that. We have traveled quite a lot and found this hotel to be probably the most meticulously maintained of any resort where we have stayed. The rooms are immaculate,The grounds are beautiful. The buffet is great. If you can't find something you enjoy, you have a problem.The beach is gorgeous, weed free, beautiful powder sand.There aren't enough cabanas though.Would recommend returning your towel at the end of the day and exchange them for clean towels so you can get down to the beach early to reserve a cabana in the AM, it took us a couple of days to figure that trick out. Also make sure you have comfortable beach shoes because the resort is so big I think our room,which was close to the beach,was about a half mile from the buffet restaurant and reception area.The Hemingway bar is beautiful.Just bring a deck of cards and enjoy delicous cochtails . Most of the other guests seemed satisfied as well,but we did hear some not so good experiences about some of the other hotels there, so I would advise reading the reviews before deciding on your destination.That's what we did and I thank all of you who helped us choose a wonderful vacation spot. Fran,Cape Cod  
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PalmTreeNut
<Content>Better than ever. Loved It Again !       Why i keep going back to PUJ  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lilamay
<Content>Loved Everything My boyfriend and I spent Four days at this hotel. We absolutly loved it. I was a little nervous after booking because of some of the bad reviews, but we had no problems. IFood- Due do the fact that you have access to all of the Palladium resorts and since they are all right next to each other there is never a sortage of food choices. We found all the buffetts to have a great amount of variety. I actually enjoyed them better then the a la cart (we ate at the Asian and Italian).Beach-gorgeous!!!! We walked the beach and thought ares was one of the nicest in the area. We were always able to get a chair.Pool-to be honest the beach was so nice we did not spend much time in the pool. However, it was pretty big and never crowded.Room- The room was comfortable. The air condition did not really get the room as cooled off has I would have liked, but it was defintally tolorable.Staff-Very Friendly. Most of the other Guests were European so Although the staff was fluent in a variety of languages, English was not always one of them. But we did not find this to be a problem.Would Go back!!!  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>R.J.D.poplar
<Content>Good Hotel Complex Visit 7 - 21 March 2007 RJD Rushden Northants The Grand Palladium Punta Cana has wonderful gardens and comfortable rooms. The food is very varied and plentiful. The Staff are very friendly and so laid back it sometimes causes a problem for guests. For example, on arrival there was no water in the fridge although reported by the Bell Boy when he delivered the cases the promised water did not arrive. We asked for extra pillows on 2 days, but only one arrived after speaking to the First Choice Rep. The second arrived next day (thee days in total). The speciality resturants also suffered by the staff not setting the tables properly (knives or forks missing) The drinks varied in strength depending which bar you attended and who served you. even so, none of these little niggles stopped our enjoyment of a very good Complex  holiday  
<Date>Apr 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>Lola2282
<Content>OK holiday. The grand palladium was a good resort. We stayed for two weeks and found staff very helpful. At times however the restaurants were not able to cope with the amount of people wanting to eat. It at times became difficult to get a table, and ultimatley became messy and untidy in eating areas.The pool areas, you could not fault. Service was most of the time good, although very laid back.Value for money was good, but the excursions we found very expensive compared to other holidays we have been on.On the whole, the holiday was OK.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>3	4	5	4	3	4	4	2	

<Author>diana222
<Content>Loved it!       Lobby/Reception  
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	2	3	

<Author>flipCanada
<Content>Paradise in Punta Cana!       Villa 2000 room view  
<Date>Mar 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>SylvieMontr茅al
<Content>To big and no service I was to Grand Palladium Punta Cana from February 24 until March 4, 2007.The site is beautiful and the beach is wonderful. You have to reserve a chair by 7 am if you want one.Meals were very ordinary. We had a lot of problem to have service; exemple : hard to have a coffee in the morning at El Behique buffet. The staff don't look happy to work there. The bathroom of the resort were not very clean; never had paper to dry our hands after 11 a.m.The room were very humid; our cloths were so: Not verry funny.I would not go again to this resort. I was expecting a lot more. Last year we were at Grand Ventana in Puerto Plata and it was wonderful. We regretted to not get back there this year after our experience.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	4	2	4	2	-1	

<Author>brett/nolliesgrannie
<Content>Loved The Grand Palladium Punta Cana Group of 16 Feb.11-22/07 Previous trips include: Aruba x2 Florida x3 Punta Cana x3 Curacao x1 Our flight was supposed to leave at 4 p.m. out of Pearson in Toronto but was an hour late taking off. (skyservice very tight seating) When we arrived in Punta Cana there were two overseas airlines disembarking on approaching the inside of airport we were sent to the left side where about 5 lines were pushed into one, a real mess to get through, took over on hour, after this all good. Only 25 minute ride to resort, and relatively quick check in and then on to our rooms. Our room was in the 2000 building which was very close to restaurants, pools, beach, casino and lobby and very, very clean. The resort is very large if you want to use the whole of it, but one could stay in the Punta Cana section alone and have everything they needed. Loved the fact that you could go for a half hour walk around the resort, lots to see. The beach was absolutely stunning and the waves were so much fun, but a bit of undertoe, so beware. The restaurants we visited were delicious and I really don't know how anyone could not have found something to their liking. We came up to the swimup bar about 4 everyday and it was fun to watch everyone. Animation team were never pushy and lots of fun. The only thing I would change is to have more bottled water in the rooms as we were always running out. I would stay here again in a heartbeat, I loved it.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>bethanyt24
<Content>Not Impressed! My husband (34) and myself (32) decided to go on one last vacation before expecting our baby in June of 2007. We thought we would go all -inclusive and me being 6 months pregnant we would just stay at a nice resort and relax. The trouble started on arrival when the travel website we used made a mistake (bookit.com) or as they call it - a computer glitch. We were traveling overnight from California on 2/24 thus arriving in the afternoon on 2/25/07. We arrived at the resort and we were told our reservation had been canceled because we were a no show from the night before. We discovered the mistake on our itinerary that we were misbooked by bookit.com and not the hotel. However, the hotel did not care and made no effort to help us. They told us there were no rooms available all week! Then were told there wasn't a decent room available on the entire island!! We were helpless and exhausted and so hungary. I was so overwhelmed that I just wanted to cry. We sat in the lobby for 6 hours not knowing what to do. We discovered our cell phones actually worked. ( I have no idea what our bill will be). If our cell phones had not worked, we would have been back at the airport on our way home. We sat on hold with the travel website all afternoon begging for help. Finally at 6 pm (we arrived at noon) we were told, there may be a room. Somehow this room appeared out of no where! Hmmm!! We had orginally booked the Royal Suites and we were placed in a Junior Suite. Overall, the food was bad and tasteless. Service was so slow! I just felt like a bunch of cattle wandering around looking for a place to sit and eat. I guess if you tip you can get better service! I don't feel that's what I came for. Some of the staff would look at you rudely if you even asked for a spoon. We were moved into the Royal Suites after 2 nights in the Junior Suite. The beds are horrible! My back hurt so bad. Rock hard! The linens are horrible. Very itchy and difficulty staying on the bed. We did not have clean towels for 2 days. I had to keep asking for clean towels and they would tell me at 5 o'clock. Bring a travel alarm clock with you. There is no wash clothes. I liked to make coffee in the morning and they wouldn't even give you a clean coffee pot or at least clean it for you. They just kept putting the same dirty coffee pot back. The suite was nice was not a 5 star hotel. I'm not sure how the drinks were but my husband said they were very watered down and it took him forever to get a drink. I guess you could tip extra for this. I was wanting to work out in the morning and the exercise room was so small and hot. I just felt bored! Go here if you want to drink and eat non-stop. The good part was it is very big and beautiful landscaping and the train was nice to get around on. Don't get scamed by the snorkeling with dolphins or scuba diving. My husband talked them down to $40 for diving, otherwise, he said it would have been a scam. I wish I would have gone somewhere else! At least you can save a beach chair by putting your towel on it and no one will touch it but start early!  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chesterchester
<Content>wow resort WOW resort. stayed the first two weeks of november with a party of 10 people - mum, dad, children and grandchildren. check in easy. had booked junior suites and were not disappointed - large bathrooms, comfy beds. maid service excellent - beautiful sculptures of swans made out of towels on the bed every day. the resort is beautiful, very lush grounds, well kept.food was very good at buffet, excellent choice and variety. did not go to any al la cartes so cannot comment. beach was georgeous, lovely soft white sand and warm green/blue water (a little rough some days but fun). dad used the sail boats most days - great fun. entertainment staff very friendly, didn't hassle you if you wanted to relax. found all staff to befriendly and helpful. would definately recommend this resort.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JennifersVacations
<Content>A Wonderful Holiday in the Sun - Dan  We just came back from a beauiful weeks holiday ( Feb 22nd - Mar 1st)The flight was fine. We fly Air Transit. As we arrive at the airport. We took a air condition bus to the resort. It took approx 25 mins. We booked in quit fast. The service was greeted well , with a cocktail drink.Our room was just beauitful. A view to the pool and the walking distance was short. Our air condition didn't work, but we had no problems getting the service. The beach is full of sunshine and fresh air. You always have to reserve your chair early in order to get one. We didn't seem to have problem at the pool. The bar pool is cool. You will never get hungry with all the food they serve. Always remember not to over eat . Just enjoy. The service of all the staff is great. They are kind and considerate. We took some bags of goodies to show our appreciation. Which was nice. This is our second resort we have traveled too. We found it to be very relaxing and beauitful. I would recommend this resort. *****Enjoy and have a wonderful time !!!  
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sunray123
<Content>Not for us... We were bumped to the Paladium for one night when our reserved hotel was overbooked. Our first encounter with the front desk staff was unhelpful. We were told to sit and wait while they found someone to take us to the otherside of the resort.... 20 minutes later - we had to hunt someone down to take us to the correct resort (Paladium had moved us to the otherside). The reception at the other location (Punta Cana) was more helpful - finding us a room after an arduous 45 minute search. Our room was centrally located - the pools, shops, casino and restaurant were in close proximity... So kudos for that. The one true complaint is the amount of cigarette smoke at this resort. When we dined in the Buffet restaurant, the non-smoking section was filled with smoke from the indoor grill. So, as non-smokers - we felt displaced. That said - during our stay, the guests were largely European - so smoking may not be an issue. The beach did permit topless bathing - so if you are bothered by this - stay at the pool.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	3	3	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>alleston
<Content>great place to stay Had read loads reports before choosing this hotel which we chose as the reviews were so good it really lives up to expectations nothing is too much trouble coktails fantastic range ,using proper glasses, stafff really friendly rooms superb grounds excellent .food choices you coul not wish for better 5******* would definitly recommend this hotel trips you get whay you pay for the monster truck about 拢56 ea too much hard sell by milton smith on giving to the kids thats sounds like we dont want too beleive me we took loads to give as did lots of people on the trip the kids not all small were grabbing and snatching never once please or thank you loads of us were really dissapointed who do you blame well if the monster truck co. which sponser the schools and kids should organise it so kids appreciate it instead of grabbing we mostly got the impression they would be selling it within a few hours apart from that this is a beautifull hotel and good value for money although it is not as cheap to go to dominican as it used to be very much a developing country on the move only other rip off is tax both in and out of the country maybe we should all do that boost the economy  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>R&R4US
<Content>Grand Palladium-An Average Review We were confirmed to stay at the Grand Palladium Punta Cana February 18-25, 2007 with a group of 6; 3 middle-age couples. Upon arrival at the resort on Sunday, an employee got on the bus and called out names, handing an envelope to each couple advising that they were OVERBOOKED! We were being sent to another hotel and would be picked up on Tuesday to be brought back to their resort. This meant we could not unpack our suitcases and were inconvenienced of not settling in at our original destination. We spent 1/2 a day leaving the other resort on Tuesday and then not being able to check in until 3:00PM when we got back.Once we finally unpacked, we found the resort to be beautiful but HUGE. You need a couple days to learn your way around. I would definitely carry the map with you as we got lost a few times. The train is nice and I would recommend hopping on it right way to see the whole complex. The language barrier is a problem since we didn't speak Spanish and they don't understand English. I would recommend staying in building 2000, 3000 or 4000 if you want to be near just about everything. If you want to be further away but probably quieter, stay in one of the villas. All the rooms were nice but no ocean rooms which was disappointing.A FEW TIPS:Bring washclothes as the hotel does not supply them. Bug spray would have been nice since our ankles were getting bit up one evening at a nighttime show. The rooms are very damp and musty smelling. I would bring a scented candle or air freshner for the smell. Our clothes were very wrinkled too since we didn't unpack right away. Even the sheets on the bed were damp and wet clothes took forever to dry. Keeping the air conditioning and fan on in your room helps some. None of us had an alarm clock in our rooms either, so I would suggest a travel clock. Bring lots of dollar bills and tip the employees a dollar bill here and there and they will remember you by giving you exceptional service for the rest of your stay.Overall I would rate the resort as average. It may be because of being turned away at arrival....They gladly took our money 6 months but overbooked...how does this happen??? In their defense we were compensated for our inconvenience, although we had to ask for it. Sadly, the inconvenience, stress and aggravation will always be a part of this trip's memories.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Baildon17
<Content>Fabulous Hotel I'll keep this review brief as I agree with all the positive reviews written. Myself (31), husband (37) and baby (13 months) had a fabulous holiday at the Grand Palladium Suites. Flight times from the UK worked well. 9.00am outgoing and a night flight back. The time difference caused no problems and the baby adapted very well.Food is delicious. We didn't eat in the al a carte restaurants but heard a lot of good reports. That said, if you're only there for a week - decide which ones you want to go to and get them booked quickly as they're very busy and do get booked up.The choice in the main buffet restaurant is amazing - anyone that complains about the food is mad. The food is lovely and every evening there is a new theme. Normally I would get bored but found the extensive choice meant this wasn't a problem. Also the staff in the restaurants were superb - friendly, polite, quick and very hard-working!The pools are lovely and clean and the hotel is right on the beach. This was our fourth visit to the Domincan Republic - you cannot get better value for money in the Carribean in our opinion. The only negative comment we found that many eople booked sunbeds, which caused everyone to behave like sheep and follow suit (us included I'm afraid to say). My husband would often be up at 4.30am (having been woken by the baby and not through choice) and traipse down to the pool/beach to get a sunbed with an umbrella which was essential with a young child. Often we saw people walking up and down the beach and round the pool looking for a sunbed that hadn't been booked. We saw on a number of occasions people blocking more beds than they needed- three examples come to mind. One couple on the beach had two beds in the sun and two beds under an umbrella. Another couple would have two beds on the beach and come back late afternoon for the beds in the shade they had blocked all day by the children's pool (even though they had no kids!!!!) and another family of 10 stacked up 10 beds on the beach threw a couple of towles over them and a maximum of 5 beds were used at once.!!! Mmmm rant over, suffice to say the bed booking situation is poor and I'd suggest the pool attendants in the beach towel huts should not allow beds to be out of use for longer than say 1 - 1.5 hours. Anyway - I would recommend the hotel, I would go back.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>randy&debbie
<Content>2 glorious weeks Jan 27, 2006 - Feb 10 , 2007Randy  Debbie / Burlington, ON, CanadaLeft from Pearson airport Jan 27, 2006Spent 2 glorious weeks on the white sandy beach of Punta Cana with 5 of our closest friends.This was our 4th year  3rd time at the Grand Palladium Punta Cana.The Grand Palladium has beeen renovated since our 2003 visit so everything is new  clean.It is a very big complex  therefore has many choices of restaurants, bars, pools  theaters.There are 6 beach bars, so your never very far away.Swim up bars ( or if you prefer not to swim, walk to bars ) at all 4 pools.Bars at all reception areas with evening live music.There are 3 large buffets, 5 a la Cartes, 3 beach restaurants, a Piano Bar for quiet lounging  drink  a Sports Bar open 24 hrs with food, drink  a big screen TV.No matter where you stay on the complex,  if you don't like walking, you are always in reasonable distance of food, drink  a swim.If you are more adventurous, you can take a long walk around the beautifully manicured grounds or take a tour of the grounds on a small train which travels the grounds all day  into the early morning.The staff are hard working  very pleasant. Of course just like anywhere in the world you can always find someone who is grumpy or in a bad mood that day, but this is not the norm.Since they make less $ in a month than most of us (traveling there) make in a day, $ 1 or $2 US tip can certainly pick up their spirits.Check the faces of those serving you during the day  watch for them late at night performing at one of the shows, they never seem to stop.If you expect a Las Vegas style show, pay the price  go to Las Vegas. Their budget would cover one Las Vegas costume.Their shows are entertaining  will leave you with a smile.There is so much variety in each restaurant  so many restaurants that I cannot see anyone not finding something different everyday  enjoying it, unless you are used to fine cuisine at the Ritz everyday. Remember your in a different country.Enjoy the difference, it's part of travelling.For those who get stomach problems, think of what youv'e been drinking all day also.Some of those exotic drinks contain fruits that are natural laxatives. Also, don't blame the resort if you ate or drank off the resort.If you want sun or if you want shade you have it at this resort.If you want to relax or if you want to work out youv'e got both here.Only one problem: (  I'm sure it's true of all the resorts) some selfish people reserve chairs on the beach with personal towels brought from home  reserve another set at the pool with resort towels while deciding what to do for the day. I have seen many chairs unoccupied for an entire day but reserved with towels.This of course leaves other people without chairs.I don't know what the resort can do about those selfish people other than supplying double the chairs required  pushing up the costs.Bottom line: Would I recommend the Grand Palladium to anyone? Absolutely YES !Dollar for dollar this is the best place to stay.If you want a $ 15,000 + Vacation, pay for it  go there, then you can complain.For the $ 5,000 for 2 for 2 weeks all inclusive it was well worth it.I will definately go again.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>olson064
<Content>Wonderful Holiday       pool  
<Date>Feb 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>JudithCollingwood
<Content>Loved it... Beautiful Resort This resort was AAA++, I was a bit concerned when reading some of the other reviews before we went, upon arrival I must say I figure they were not even at the same resort. The grounds are beautiful, green and lush lawns and trees. The lobby was all marbel, so clean and classy and the staff at reception was excellent. Check in was quick, and they all speak english so whoever said they could not find someone speaking english must have been speaking another language. They arranged to even change our rooms so that we could be with our friends on the same floor. The rooms are very nice, and clean. We did have a problem with a leaking jacuzzi, but we figured out how to fix it. The beds are comfortable and the air conditioning works very well if you set it properly. The pools are very clean. The actual resort is huge, and you should be prepared to walk if you want to go to the different areas. We chose to stay just around our resort (grand palladium-punta cana), and walking was not an issue. You do have access to the Bavaro and the Palace as well if you want. You can access a train(trolley) that tours the resort all day at 15 minute intervals. We were close to the beach, pool, buffet, casino and shops. If walking is an issue, ask to be in the 3000 units-close to everything. The buffet was excellent, there was a different theme each night - so we did not even bother with the alacarte restaurants. Fish, pasta, pork, beef, pizza, salads, breads cheeses, fresh fruit was available all the time regardless of the theme, so you could always find something. Water is readily available, as is cervasa, wine and any fancy drink you can get the bartenders to make. The resort was full but we never had to wait for a table, or long in buffet lines. The beach is beautiful, the only down fall was it is very busy, so if you want a chair you must go early. It is ashame that some people reserve chairs with towels, and never even use them, this is my one complaint. Each day were were at the beach and in the 8 hours we were there people had towels on chairs to reserve them and never ever came to use them. Only reserve a chair if you need one!Day trips - there are many that they recommend you go on - we did tour and both were excellent. Caribeen festival - was a four hour tour, they pick you up on a bus and take you to caribeen for boat tour, snorkelling. We snorkeled at the reef, and than they take you to a cage area where you can snorkel with sharks, and manta rays. This was really fun. They put on a show on the boat, and it is a nice relaxing way to see the coast by water. Outback adventure - this was an all day trip and well worth the money. It was 80.00 US but you get to see so much of the dominican it is well worth it. You see the mountains, dominican people, typical house, coffee plantation, school, rum shack - 8.00-15 a bottle (best price we saw for rum) ranch, and the day ends with boogie boarding on the most beautiful beach I have ever seen, totally secluded. FUN!!! They include all booze, and you get a nice buffett lunch as well. This is a must see if you want to see real dominican republic away from resorts.The show was good we only saw one, but it was amusing... Michael Jackson... need I say more. There are not many americans at this resort, a few canadians, but mostly european, so if you are looking to talk with other canadians, not many. The staff, animation and recreation team staff were all very friendly, could all speak english and went out of there way to include you in the activities of the day. Don't worry if you did not want to participate, you simply say no thankyou and they move on. They have aerobics, dance classes, volleyball, and other competitions on a daily basis, that are very fun to watch if you don't want to participate. Orlando, Carbeen were very friendly and fun and talked to us each day and made us feel very welcome. The resort is excellent and all of us would return in a minute....one week was just too short.! If you are going to this resort, you will have an excellent time!  
<Date>Jan 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mariel1978
<Content>Good resort but maybe too big...       Our room at Punta Cana villa 71  
<Date>Jan 21, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lkovos1
<Content>Nice time! Depends on what you're looking for... Two of us (age 35) stayed over New Year's-12/30-1/06. We had a really nice time but it does depend on what you are looking for!We do not have a lot of experience traveling out of the country and we had never done an all-inclusive, so this is where the perspective is coming from!ROOMS: Our room was on the Palace end and I think it was the best. We were steps from the pool, beach and casino. ASK to be near the beach if that's important to you. MANY of the rooms are very far from it! It can change your whole experience. The rooms are very well kept-jacuzzi tub that I used 3 times, marble floors and roomy. We left the maid $2 each day and a little gift-I read that we could leave makeup or trinkets, so I bought some before I left. From what I understand, they live on the resort for 11 days and then go home for three. THey work hard and I assume they do not make a lot of money so buy the trinkets even if you think it's unnecessary! It's a nice gesture and it ensure that you will be taken care of! I had fun doing that. She took good care of us and always left fresh flowers. She brought us extra pillow immediately-they are not comfortable. If you love pillows, try to bring your own! We did NOT see any bugs as some have mentioned, but don't be surprised. IT does not mean it's dirty-it's the climate and you have to expect it! Air conditioning was perfect-we were never uncomfortable.FOOD: The food was very different from what you would expect in the U.S. They offer so many options-the buffet in the middle of the resort-Behique is the best for lunch and probably for dinner though we never tried. The Spanish restaurant was the best for the ala carte. The international-Arricefe was not great as we had read on this site. Asian was decent! It would be unfair to say that the food was not good because they really offered so much choice! We just couldn't get use to it and really didn't enjoy it. If food is important to you, this may not be the place for you.The coffee is AMAZING!SPORTS BAR: We loved stopping in the bar. They were so nice and hooked up the Rose Bowl Football Game for us and they didn't even have the channel originally. It took them some time, but they got the channel for us and it was so much fun watching with other fans! They really do their best to accommodate! The hot dogs and the salad at the bar were a hit with me and it was open 24 hours, so we stopped there after a long night of gambling!CASINO: So much fun. We met so many different people from different countries and states. We never lost a lot of money and could have lasted until 3am every night...and we did most nights!If it weren't for the gambling, we may have gotten bored-one of the reason why we chosed to go to Punta Cana. ENTERTAINMENT: The shows did not bring us back for more each night. We didn't find them that entertaining but they do try hard to offer a lot of variety.LOOK of the RESORT: Beautiful. We only saw a gardener once. I don't know when they do the maintenance of the grounds but they are impeccable.SPORTS COMPLEX: We did archery only, but there was always a soccer game going or guests were playing tennis. Miniature golf and volleyball were also available. Families seemed to really enjoy the sports.VENTURING OUT: There is a small market at the end of the resort where they really drag you in to look at their stuff! Kind of fun because we did NOT want to rent a car. This disappointed us. We are usually pretty adventurous but the roads seemed really crazy. We loved relaxing but we hoped to venture out more and we just didn't feel comfortable.CAPTAIN COOK'S: We read that this was a good restaurant to visit. It's next to the little market and serves a grilled platter of seafood and all the liquor you can drink. We got poor service based on some customers that were very rude and demanding. They kind of forgot about us and the seafood was even that great. It's not too cheap $100 for both of us-don't do it.*We probably would not return, but it is no reflection on the resort-I WOULD recommend it if you like mega resorts (huge).We like great food and exploring and the Dominican Republic does not offer that. Go for total relaxation, an international experience (guests from all over) and a beautiful beach.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>maxkmv
<Content>One of the best! We spent a lot of time choosing where to go for Winter Holidays. The resort we selected, Grand Palladium (aka Fiesta) has exceeded our expectations and here is why.We are a couple of 27 and 28 years old and travelled from London, UK (9.5 hours flight)RESORT: Hot and sunny, exactly what we wanted. During 7 days we stayed, rain was only once for about 30 mins, but it was warm, so we stayed in pool while it was raining. 3 or 4 days were partly cloudy and during 3 days we had no clouds at all. Average temp: 29 Celcius, windy at the beach, but calm inside hotel area.HOTEL: Located about 20-30 mins from Punta Cana airport. Territory is huge. There are actually three Fiesta hotels grouped into one, and you can use facilities (e.g. bars) of all of them free of charge. The hotels are not hotels in traditional meaning, but are 2-storey villas with 4-6 rooms in each villa. Villas are separated with beautiful gardens (palm trees, coco-palms, lidos, fountains, etc.). There is a train travelling between parts of its huge territory (it makes full circle about every 20 mins). There are like 5 or 6 restaurants that serve breakfast, lunch and dinner all of which you can use, countless beach and reception bars, all serving drinks free of charge, not a great variety though: few variations of rum, martini, tequilla, vodka and beer + mixed with juices, coconut ice and coca cola.ROOM: As mentioned above there are 3 Fiesta hotels grouped into one, all named very similarly: GP Bavaro, GP Punta Cana, and GP Royal Suites. We lived in GP Bavaro, and we suspect that other hotels have slightly different rooms, but anyway. The room was clean and we didn't have any problems with it. The Bathroom has jacuzzi-bath. Even though you probably won't use it very often, because of the plentiness of other water facilities, still it is pleasant to relax in late evening. There is good power shower and a standard set: shampoo's, gels etc. The room has TV with satellite channels in English (3 or 4 channels or so) German (also 3-4), and Spanish (the rest of them). Furniture is standard, bed is big, what else? We spent the entire day outside, so can't complain or say anything special about it.POOLS: There are I think 4 pools in total. Most have a separate open air jacuzzi. And they are all situated around the bar (or very close to one). Pools were very clean, with plenty of beds around. At least we never had a problem finding 2 spare beds. Pools are very beautiful with palm trees around (not rectangular type!)Water temperature was very pleasant, some shallow (kids) pools were naturally heated by sun and were very warm!FOOD: We never felt hungry, in fact we missed 2 dinners because we were so full after lunch, we couldn't eat any more! I will be honest both me and my wife had slight stomach upsets on the 2nd day of our stay. I read in the travel agents leaflet that this happens because the body accomodates to the new type of bacteria in food and especially in water, so that must have been the case with us. I cannot say that food was bad, we previosuly stayed in 4 star hotels in Tenerife, Spain and Cyprus and comparing them all, I can say food here was very competetive in variety and quality.The food was plentiful, each restaurant specialized in its own type of food, e.g. sea food, Italian, Dominican, American (Burger King style) etc. We mostly ate sea food, with lots of vegetables and fruit (I think they had almost all types of fruit I know). Although, I found that about 30 mins before closing time, they didn't restock some types of food, so to get the best selection come early. Also there are a la carte restaurants, we visited Asian and Mexican, but you have to make a booking a day before. Those were pretty romantic.BEACH: Amazing, as many people before me pointed this out. There are water sports on the beach and those are free of charge to use (except motorised, such as parasailing, glass-bottom boat trips and the like). We used kayaking, wind surfing and catamaran (sail). Although the sea is pretty rough, and wind surfing is mostly for experienced surfers. The equipment I must say is pretty worn out, so don't expect much here. Still it was fun.SPA: We went to the spa centre which was just next to our villa. Spa centre was pretty average. On a scale 1 to 5 I'd give it 3. There are jacuzzi, steam room and sauna. Of those three only jacuzzi worked all the time. The sauna was not hot enough, and the staff didn't care much to improve it. The steam room was steamy only in the afternoon, in the morning it was too cold. There is a also a small gym with a few workout machines and massage which we didn't try (you have to pay for it)SHOPS: Same shops in different parts of the hotel territory have different prices! We found that those near reception were cheaper than those near Casino :)UK VISITORS - THE SHOPS DON'T SELL UK POWER ADAPTERS, so take care of those in advance (we didn't and regret much about it)ENTERTAINMENT: Plenty of things to do in the hotel: there are 4 main tennis courts (all equipment provided), 2 small tennis courts, mini-golf, archery, badminton, chess, table tennis, darts, volley-ball. Staff regularly organise beach aerobics, salsa lessons by pools, diving lessons etc. In the evening we visited karaoke-concert, which was fun. Disco however was quite dull, in fact there were noone there! I think because they play Latino music only! Also we noticed in all bars, restaurants even the train they play the same CD over and over again (Salsa Tropical). So we learnt all those songs by heart....(Uno calabra..uno calabro...!!! :)))STAFF: Very friendly, but maybe only 20% of them can undestand and communicate English. Most of them couldn't understand ANY other languages but Spanish. It is not surprising as may be 80% of visitors here are Spanish speaking (the rest 20% are Germans)What else? In fact we think this hotel provides excellent value for money. We had a wonderful time here! If you have any questions write me to: support @ compstar.co.uk and I will gladly share photos and memories with youMax  
<Date>Dec 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	3	4	3	

<Author>ripass
<Content>Beautiful Beach             Gorgeous beaches!  
<Date>Dec 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	2	3	4	2	4	3	

<Author>shuribob
<Content>Excellent Vacation I was a little worried about this resort after reading various reviews before we left however, once we arrived we had an excellent relaxing vacation. The staff at the hotel tried their very best to see that everything that they providied was done well. I was travelling with two teenage daughters as well as my girlfriend so I wanted them to learn how to tip. We made sure that everone that gave us good service received at least a dollar for their trouble and we soon found that after only one day everyone knew our names and were very attentive to our every need or request. Mind you that I think we only tipped maybe $10 dollars through the day but you could tell that it was much appreciated. Our room was kept very clean and the maids even made towel art and placed flower petals around the room everyday. They kept my fridge stocked with exactly what we asked for everyday as well. The resturants were nice and the food plentiful so when I read other reviews saying the food was bad I have to believe that the folks are being a little picky. This resort is huge and unless you like to walk around alot I recommend you take the little trains that travel thru out the resort. You will not be unhappy staying at this resort.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>stephieamber
<Content>Fabulous time @ the Palladium Punta Cana Just came back from a week holiday in the Dominican Republic. From November 29-December 7 we stayed the Palladium Punta Cana and it was WONDERFUL. Any of the bad reviews you read must be from competing resorts because none of the bad stuff they said happened was remotely close to the real thing.I went with my Mom, Dad, Sister, and a coworker and there was something for all us. We each have different vacation styles and this resort catered to them all. If you enjoy reading quietly by the beach or pool, or if you enjoy playing water volleyball or water polo you could do that too. There is something for everyone. I'll try and hit the major points...ROOMS:CLEAN!!! My sister and my coworker stayed in a room and my parents stayed in a different room and they were both wonderful. The jacuzzi tub in the bathroom is nice after a long day @ the beach and the beds were very comfortable. My sister had to sleep on a cot, and she said she had a good sleep on it, so it's not too bad if you end up on the cot. Maids were great and left fresh hibiscus' around our sink when they came to clean the room.POOLS:Water was cooler in the pool which you'll appreciate on those hot Dominican days. There are lots of chairs around the pool, and if you don't have enough, then a quick trip to the beach to fetch another lounge chair is all it takes. You do have to get up fairly early to reserve a chair, but there were days we didn't make it there until 8:30am and there was still some to choose from.RESTAURANTS:The food is fabulous. Anyone who can't find something to eat must be the world's pickiest eater. Anything you can imagine and they have it. The buffets have theme nights and the Mexican one is quite tasty and was our favorite. The ribs at lunch were awesome too. We only made it to two a la cartes - the Dominican and the Seafood one. Both were really good. We missed our 3rd reservation, but didn't mind because the buffets were so good. One word of caution...if you want your steak well done you need to stress that to them, because they keep it pretty rare when they serve it to you. Don't get upset if your steak comes back too pink, just ask them to take it back and keep it on the grill a little longer...they'll be happy to do it.BARS:Geraldo at the La Uva Pool Bar makes the BEST mojitos I've ever had. Simply amazing. There are bars everywhere and they'll make anything you want....and if you don't know what you want, they'll make you something anyways. The Sports Bar is open 24/7 and have snacks so head there after a night at the disco. Along there beach there are bar kiosks every 30 feet, so you don't need to travel far for a cool beverage.FUN TEAM:They work really hard at getting people involved. There are activities for everyone at every time. Try and get involved in something and don't be one of those snobs at the pool that's rude and brushes them off when they try so hard to make your vacation enjoyable!ENTERTAINMENT:I've travelled a few other places, and this may be the one area that's lacking. The nightly entertainment isn't professional and is sometimes rather boring. We went to a few shows and did the karaoke night, but that was about it. The disco was fairly hopping and they played all kinds of music. If you want something specific ask the DJ and he'll do his best to find a genre that you enjoy.BEACH:The absolute BEST part of this resort is the beach. The sand is like flour, and the water is amazingly warm. There is no seaweed or rocks to worry about and you're not bombarded by vendors unless you want to be. Security is very good about ensuring the beach vendors leave you alone unless you call them over. A simple No Gracias and they carry on their way. Bring your sunscreen as the sun is very intense and it won't take long for even those with the darkest complexion to get a sunburn.TIPPING:Not necessary but appreciated. The service is already amazing, but send them a tip and they'll give you the world. 50 pesos or $1US is more than enough, so you won't break the bank if you send them a couple bucks here or there.Overall we loved this resort and would go back in a heartbeat.. My sister, coworker and I are all young 20something single girls and we didn't feel like we were out of place in this resort. There are lot of familes, couples, and singles. So go and have a good time. And remember: Your vacation is only as much fun as you make it!!  
<Date>Dec 7, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>UsTwotraveling
<Content>A flawless vacation to remember       Beach front  
<Date>Nov 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Burghtraveler
<Content>Good Experience but not for singles or young people in their 20's My best girlfriend and I are in our late 20's and just got back from this resort and it clearly is for families and couples.Beach: The best I have ever seen: clear water with such a beautiful, unique color. Minimal interuptions but you will still be bothered to sign up for excursions. Topless beach so be prepared. Resort: Huge-You will have access to the sister resort which has a small downtown area with a few shops and a lame, lame dance club. They spent more time talking to the crowd and forcing people to watch couples' dance! How are you supposed to mingle and have fun that way? Overall, the resort was very clean. There is a cute little train that takes you around both resorts (and the suites). Get ready to memorize every song especially Ai Yi Yi. You will hear them over and over again everywhere.Rooms: Our room was pretty-jacuzzi tub a plus but we didn't use it. Beds were not comfortable-both had backaches. I wish they would have spent more money on the beds rather than the tub. Our shower door was broken so a bit problematic but we dealt with it. Our main complaint was the stickiness of the room. It made all our clothes and sheets damp and mildewy.Food: Overall good, but bring Pepto or something similar. Americans were getting sick everywhere: our neighbors were sick, a couple from St. Louis, and a girl on an excursion and these were the only people we talked to. We both got sick the last four days. It became a joke after awhile...eat then go party in the bathroom!! The Italian restaraunt had the best food-we went to it twice. It is NOT Italian/American so don't expect to get Chicken Parmesan. We also ate at the seafood restaraunt. Also, good. The buffets were plentiful but this is where we got sick. Flies were all over the breads. Excursions: A must do is the Outback Adventure. Eddy was our tour guide and was funny and knowledgeable. You will travel all over the place, looking at a home, schools, food, etc.Skip: La Romana-you only get 40 minutes to view the Italian town-the rest is a tourist trap. We were forced to shop in a store for an hour! Yuck!Shopping: Be ready to barter if you leave your resort and if you are young and attractive look out! On the one excursion people followed our bus and attacked us with jewlery and hats when we got off. They knew they did not have a lot of time so they would shove necklaces in our faces saying How much you pay for this. One woman said Nothing! Priceless moment. In many ways it is heartbreaking. The people here need money desperately! You will return with a new appreciation for America.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	2	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>jstammer
<Content>Very Nice. My daughter and I and her friend and mother went for 4 days with a group of people who were staying for 8 days. Our rooms were so far apart on the property and they would not accomodate us. Although the resort is very beautiful and clean, it is HUGE!! You really have to walk alot to get from here to there. The restaurants were very nice. Always had lots of good food. You have to drink the water from bottles. No problem. A tropical storm blew in on our 2nd day. The resort lost all power and water. We were holed up in the lobby with nothing to do but drink. There was no food or entertainment. The bathrooms didnt work, you couldnt flush or wash your hands!! The bartender at the pool served our 15 year old daughters, and they got sloppy drunk. We complained to our Apple rep. and to the hotel manager. No power in our friends room all night, so they had to sleep in our room. All in all, I liked the place, and you cant blame the bad weather on them, but they shouldve had some kind of food and entertaiment going on while we were all in the lobby waiting it out.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>mortwiz
<Content>Beware of casino personnel!!!! Overall, the Grand Palladium was a beautiful all-inclusive resort! The staff was kind and gracious, and quite accomodating. The beach was pristine and unpolluted. The rooms were quite comfortable. Only one complaint...in the casino... the personnel will not always pay you your full winnings. I hit a jackpot on one of the machines for $500.00 USD. They attempted to give me only $30.00, and it turned into quite an ordeal. They eventually did give me my $500.00, especially after considering that the casino was full, and half of the people threatened to leave. Aside from that, the Grand Palladium offered me a fantastic week in paradise. I will definitely return.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Vacation First off, I want to tell you I am very selective and picky. That being said, take any negative reviews regarding the Grand Palladium with a grain of salt. Overall, it was a great place to stay at a reasonable price. I found the entire resort to be very clean and well maintained. The staff, for the most part, is very friendly and accomodating. As you may know, English is not the primary language spoken and not all staff speak English. However, they try hard and it was really a non issue. American tourists are not as common as German, Spainish and South American's.The food, which I was worried about, was pretty good. Make your reservations for the formal restaurants the first evening , to ensure you get what you want and when you want it. I would suggest you stay away from the one at the beach called Arrecife. It is not air conditioned and It was so hot I couldn't enjoy the meal. All other restaurants and buffets are air conditioned.As for the alcohol it is mostly their own domestic stuff. The beer wasn't too bad and the rum etc.. was OK. The lobby bar and piano bar ( I don't know why they call it that-there was no piano) have top shelf liquor so you may want to go there for drinks, too. Make sure you ask for them strong and watch them make them so they don't skimp.Also, although they say tipping is all included , we tipped pretty much everyone with a couple of bucks here and there. A dollar to them meas alot and they will remeber and take good care of you, including the maids.The room was nice, comfortable and clean. No weird smell etc.. I am 34 and the friend I went with is 30. It was mostly couples, so if you are looking for a real hot party spot, this isn't it. There was, however, plenty of people there to party so you will meet people to hang out with. It's just not like a Spring Break wild place. Unless you are really lazy nothing at the resort was that far away.In all a great vacation, and maybe not a 5 star by American standards, but it was well worth it. So go, don't worry and have fun...we did.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overall, Great Stay Just got back from spending 7 nights at the Grand Palladium and left very happy with the experience. Here are some things that address what others have said, as well as some of my own:1) The food is overall good in the buffets and very good at 2 of the 3 restaurants I tried (Mare was the best, Bamboo very good, skip Arricefe). 2) The liquor isn't brand name and not as good. If I went back, I'd bring a bottle of my favorite liquor and just order sodas from the bar to mix the drinks with. The one beer on tap, Presidente, is good. 3) Service is one of the strongest points. Overall, very impressed.4) Stayed 6/3 to 6/10 and never had a problem getting a spot at the pools or on the beach.5) At least for June time, I'd skip the 10pm nightly shows. Not very entertaining and the theatre is not air conditioned and doesn't have any air circulation. It's just too uncomfortable.6) There are activities throughout the day. Some I got involved in were aerobics on the beach (they have another one at the pool), beach volleyball, ping-pong tournament. I paid extra and enjoyed the scuba diving (was $80 including instruction, but I talked them down to $70/each for me and my friend). 7) There's a nightly band at the front lobby bar which is fun8) Definitely best for couples. Not nearly as many singles, and didn't seem to be a popular place to bring young kids. I'm gay and went with my boyfriend. There were very few other gays there, but certainly was never made to feel uncomfortable. 9) Grounds are impeccably maintained and beautiful. Even the poolside bathrooms are luxurious. 10) Rooms are nice, with the bathrooms being the nicest part. A jacuzzi tub for one in each room was a nice surprise. This is a great place for couples to relax. Americans are the minority here (at least in June, although I heard Nov-Feb has many more Americans). It was mostly Europeans and hispanics. If you like to go topless, you'll have plenty of company here. There wasn't one predominant age group, but I wouldn't recommend for someone in their early 20s. There were a group of frat looking guys 22-23 and they stuck out like sore thumbs. Singles should look elsewhere, and there weren't too many families with kids either, though more than there were singles. If you're looking for a place with a great nightlife, this isn't Cancun. There's one club that's popular at nighttime, but that's about it besides the lounge bar with a latin band.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>a perfect honeymoon me and my husband just got back from our honeymoon. we stayed at the palladium for 5 nights and it was wonderful. because we do not speak spanish there were at times a small language barrier but regardless the staff was always friendly. the beach was beautiful the water was crystal clear. we got a couples massage on the beach and it was the hightlight of our honeymoon. we paid to go to the maniti park and swim with the dolphins this was fun and a neat experience but you are hearded through it like cattle. we also paid to go to sanona island. well worth the money it was awesome. fun relaxing and an all together enlightening experience. we took a bus on these tours and had to pick up other people at other resorts ours by far out ranked any of the other resorts. we will be goign back for sure. i never got sick of waking up and seeinf palm trees and flamingos. the grounds there were just beautiful. the food some good some ok but we never left a meal hungry also there was a sports bar that served burgers pizza fries and nachos all day and late into the night so if we ever wanted a snack we went there. i would recomend this place to everyone :):)  
<Date>Apr 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>AndrewToronto
<Content>Great place Just got back from my wedding at the Grand Palladium and it was great. We had about 30 people come down with us and all of them commented how nice the resort was, how friendly the staff were and how well run everything was.Weather - great except for the night before and day we left when it rained steadilyBeach - spectacular. Clean beach, crystal clear water. The Palladium area is on a great spot and provides you with ample space to find a deck chair. We went parasailing which was a lot of funResort - very big. You'll get used to the train that takes you around as it is efficiently run.Food - this was perhaps the highlight. We all had some apprehension before going but except for 1 or 2 people, nobody got sick. In fact, we all gained some pounds! The variety and quality far exceeded our expectations.Restaurants - this was the low point. The buffet's are fantatstic (especially at the Bavaro Resort) but the booking procedures for the a la carte is terrible. Very rigid and in most cases the restaurants are a 1/3 full. We ate at the buffet most nights because it was easy, you could wear shorts and it was very good variety. Having said that, the Italian a la carte received rave reviews from the people on our trip.Nightlife - there's really only 2 options. Drink at the various lobby bars and then go to the disco or the sports bar. Young crowd at the disco (18-25) but when you've had a few, it's still fun. The sports bar serves great food late and has a big screen to catch any game. The drinks were excellent - El Presidente beer was fine (even for a Canadian!) and the rum is great.Rooms - we stayed in the Royal Suites which was really nice. Very quiet, private and they have a great breakfast by the pool. Most of our guests stayed in the Palace and their rooms were all nice - no problems except for one flooding incident. Not sure about the Bavaro rooms, but that part of the resort is certainly the party side.It's a great place to visit our wedding was fantastic in the Gazebo and the Client Services Manager Izyuney is amazing!! She made everything perfect!!  
<Date>Apr 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ottawagal6
<Content>G. Palladium has something for everyone! My friend and I (2 professional girls in our 30s) just returned today from G. Palladium Punta Cana resort. We booked on SellOff Vacations with SunWing. We have travelled to other holiday destinations (M. Island, Cuba, Mexico, Florida) and we give this resort two thumbs up, all around. I will begin by saying that we thoroughly research our holidays on tripadvisor and other review sites. We were a bit uncertain about this resort because there were not many recent reviews (most in 2004/5), but since the Bavaro and the Palace were both popular, we decided to try it. I will try to be subjective and helpful so you nitial transition as seamless as possible. We talked to some other vacationers as we were about to leave, and our tips seemed to be well received. RESORT: The resort itself is only about 25 minutes from the airport. Some people commented that they got lost while in the resort complex - surprising, because they were large maps placed strategically throughout the resort complex, and they give you paper copies of the complex map when you check in (plus, they have an endless supply of at the counter!) The resort complex is immaculate - as people have repeatedly said on TripAdvisor - it's spectacular. By staying at one of the 3 resorts, you have access to all 3 - with the exception of the Royal Suites in the Palace (Frankly, we thought this area of the resort was too secluded - you had to walk quite a distance to everything (except for their own beach front area) or take the trolley (train) that constanty ran throughout the resort). The G. Palladium P.C. has 3 large 3-storey buildings, units 2000 and 3000 surround on either side a very nice pool area, a pool-side restaurant (la Uva), and are positioned between the lobby area to the beach. The smaller the room number, the farther away you are from the beach (i.e. 2001 is closest to the lobby, 2031 is closest to the beach). 2100 series is on the 2nd floor, and 2200 series is on the 3rd floor. The 4000 block is between the 3000 block and the Palace units. We stayed in 4001, and found it very convenient to everything. Each unit has 12 Junior Suites in them - these rooms are bigger and cost more, but we were only able to sneak a peak when the maid was cleaning the room. They would be great for a romantic getaway! We were more than happy with our Deluxe room - all marble floors, nice shower area, very relaxing jacuzzi tub, comfortable beds and pillows, TV (you can get some english channels, but we weren't there to watch TV), iron/ironing board, coffee maker (the coffee is actually not bad!), bar fridge with water, beer and pop, and a hair dryer. The little patio outside of each room was nice for airing clothes (the humidity didn't allow a total dry!) or sitting and watching people walk by. The maid service was excellent. We left her $1 every day, and brought her a bunch of personal items like manicure sets, nail polish, chocolates, etc. and she did a little something in our room with the towels every day. Our only minor complaint was that there were no screens on the patio doors - we found the air conditioned rooms a little cool, and would have preferred the Caribbean air instead. Being on the ground floor we felt more comfortable keeping the patio door closed at night. When we left, we checked our bags in a room by the front desk and they provided us with fresh towels to shower before we caught our 9:45 pm bus to the airport. There were also hair dryers in the complimentary room (though only 4 showers - give yourself lots of time). WEATHER: Unfortunately, we caught a bit of a wet spell. Apparently it had not rained in 3 months prior to our visit - we saw clouds and rain almost every day for the week. We did get about 4-5 hours of sun every day (which was enough for us), and there were many people walking around BURNT. Remember, the Caribbean sun can still burn through clouds! We saw people with umbrellas and thought that was a strange thing to pack - but the rain sneaks up on you very fast, and it would have been quite useful at times. We found 2 plastic bags and put our things in them before leaving to go for a walk or for lunch. The beach towel supply is endless - the exchange a towel for another system (only once they ran out at the end of the day), but it's a shame to keep replacing wet towels as they have to keep up with this demand. I would suggest taking some travel games (cards, chess, yahtzee, etc.) just in case you have to occupy yourself while a rain shower passes.FOOD: Endless. Excellent (much better than Cuba), and we found our favorite little items at the buffet (pizza is amazing, great cheese selection, chocolate/vanilla ice cream, great fruit selection and cereal at breakfast, crepes, pasta) and stuck with them. We actually enjoyed the buffets more than the a la carte (we tried the beach BBQ, the Domincan - la Uva - and the seafood - la Ariceffe - restaurant. The sports bar at the Bavaro has 24 hour service (including the pizza - did I mention how amazing it is?), but we didn't eat there. They tend to artificially sweeten things (like deserts), so their strawberry ice cream tasted a little too sweet for me, and so did the ketchup. I actually took little ketchup packets with me because I can't eat eggs without it. They also use white pepper (not black). Try the cappucinos at the lobby bar - very good!BEACH: The beach is spectacular. There are approx. 20 other resorts along the beachfront, and you can walk for miles and miles (Until your feet hurt!) We walked about 10K every day (tried both north and south of the resort) and our conclusion was that HANDS DOWN - our resort had the nicest all-around beach area. There were many cabanas, all nestled in among mangrove bushes and tropical foliage. It maintained the tropical atmosphere rather than clearing away all the brush for a barren flat of sand with a few umbrellas like some other resorts. There were beach bars, beach massage huts, water sport huts, and water showers all along the beachfront. Very handy. There was also a beach volleyball area, which some people enjoyed. There was never a problem finding a lounge chair on the beach or at the pool (also quite comfortable loungers - not the hard plastic kind), but if you want to reserve a cabana at the beach - set your alarm for 6:00 and place your blue towel over the lounge chair. PLEASE - don't reserve them and then not use them. This is not fair for the rest of the people. The water is aqua blue, bath-tub warm, a little rough - fun waves for boogie boarding. A bit of an undertow may have meant extra caution with smaller children, but they used a warning flag system for added awareness. SERVICE: We found the service to be excellent. People were quite willing to try to help - despite the challenges with communication at times. We found the Dominican women to be a bit shyer and more reserved than the Dominican men, but it could be the language barrier. Everyone will smile and say Hola! if you smile at them. DO NOT EXPECT NORTH AMERICAN SERVICE - you are on vacation - relax, enjoy, no rush!!! :)PEOPLE: English-speaking guests were a minority. If you speak French or Spanish - you're fine. Most staff speak some English (or there was someone close by who could help), but if you brush up on some basic conversation before you go, you can generally get by. The average age at this resort seemed about 40-45, with some young families. The rain seemed to upset some of the families since there were not endless activities for the kids - it was not a resort geared for children but they do try. There was an activity area for the kids, but I can't comment on the quality of this area. We met a few American guests, some Canadians, and the rest were Europeans.EXTRAS (spa, day trips, gym): The gym is connected to the spa - no extra charge for spa facilities or the gym, but massages and other spa treatments are extra. We chose a buy 5, get the 6th free special and we each had 2 hour-long massages on the beach (AMAZING!) and a body wrap in the spa facility itself.....quite nice, but we highly recommend the massages! They also had 'romantic massages' on the beach with candles and nice music at night - looked quite nice. We didn't do any excursions, though we heard the Sanoma Island was not really worth it, but the 1/2 day shark snorkelling trip was quite good. The gym is what you would imagine in a developing country - don't expect Goodlife, but it's enough for a vacation destination.OTHER TIPS: Take a little tour of the resort on the train early on - you get your bearings, and it is a fair distance to walk. We ended up wanting to walk off our meals (there was never a shortage of good food!). They don't supply face cloths (a DR thing?), bring one with you if you need one. We saw 3 mosquitoes the whole time, but a girl we met got quite a few mosquito bites on her legs at the outdoor entertainment area at the Bavaro. We bought some art and bamboo candles from the beach vendors (they can be quite agressive - especially with the girls). NEGOTIATE your price! We actually negotiated and also threw in a little Canadian souvenier - a pack of Canadian playing cards, and some pop from our bar fridge. We bought vanilla and natural sugar from the shops on the resort - prices are fixed here.They have internet service for $5 for 30 minutes. It can be busy in the evenings, and not always in full service. In general, we would visit this resort again in a heartbeat. Overall quality for price was hard to beat.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Resort was beautiful The resort was immaculate the beach superb, and the grounds mantained beautifully.On a negative note the food was absolutely forgettable. this included the buffets as well as the three restaurants we made reservations at; Tex mex, Japanese, and the BBQ at the beach.The alcohol was not top shelf as had been promised and the only beer available was Presidente.Absolutely no nightlife to be found.I would return to Punta Cana on vacation in an instance; however would probably look into a different resort.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2006
<Rating>3	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>CanadaMimi
<Content>grand palladium punta cana Don't think I can blame the resort for our 4 hrs flight delay or our lost luggage,but I can certainly blame them for not having our room ready.After arriving from Toronto to the resort at midnight,we checked in only to find our room had not been cleaned.Beer bottles all over,bed sheets on the floor,women underwear in the bathroom and so on.My wife and two boys aged 8@11 waited in the lobby till 5am until finally a room was ready.This is totally unacceptible especially with kids.I could tell the front desk clerk felt bad as he was not aware that the room had not been cleaned.He did his best to try and find something but to no avail.Again not acceptable to have to wait till 5am for a room.We had asked for a room with two beds on the second level we ended up in a junior suite with a bed and a pull out couch this was acceptable.We chose this resort because it was fully renovated and it was.The rooms were beautiful . But we also chose this resort because it was a familly resort but discovered it really is not geared towards children.Riu Taino was much better for the kids however the rooms are not as nice.In short I will give you the positive and negatives.First the positives:beautiful nice room,on bavaro beach punta cana simply the best beach,staff friendly,good for couples and older teans. Negatives:resort is big and hard to navigate seniors would not like it,not geared for children,not organized ex: activities sports shows ect.,for a resort this size the entertainement is very poor,the 24hrs food was only available at the sports bar wich was not easily accessible. On a positive note if you want to relax walk on the beach and nice accomodations this would not a bad choice,but if you have kids you can find a much better place.If you would like more info you can e-mail me  
<Date>Mar 15, 2006
<Rating>3	3	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>daisyd
<Content>Awesomre resort We based our choice on reviews read on your site.It was the most overall positive.We were not disappointed.Upon checkin, they upgraded us to The Royal Club and presented us with a drink.The resort was beautiful and clean. The hallways even sparkled.Our room was spotless and decorated with fresh flowers.They sent a fruitbasket and small bottle of rum to our room.All the staff were friendly. As others have said,most of the staff did not speak much english. But we were in their country, so we learned a little spanish before we arrived. It helped us and they appreciated it.Tips were included but we did give small tips anyways.Always appreciated and never expected.We found the food to be plentiful and always found something that we liked.Danny, the bartender at the pool bar,was wonderful.One day we purchased fresh snapper from a local coming off his boat right at the beach. Our concierge arranged for one of the restaurants to prepare it for us. It was amazing.The only issue we had was getting from the airport to the hotel...we sat there forever waiting for them to leave.We booked with Liberty Travel...I called them direct.Yes, we would certainly return.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The beach was paradise       The beautiful beach  
<Date>Apr 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful resort, but employees are thieves We stayed at the resort the week of March 6-13th. The resort and the beach were spectacular, but we did find that the majority of of the staff (whether at the front desk or the bar) did not speak english. That wasn't much of a problem. The problem we had was on Friday we noticed water leaking through the ceiling of our bathroom. We called the front desk to let them know that we need to have someone come and take a look at it. We called the front desk again an hour and a half later because no one had checked it out and there was a large puddle on the floor. No one came at all that night. The next morning we woke up to about a inch of water on our bathroom floor. We finally called the front desk and our Apple Vacation rep to get this taken care of. We left for the day to relax on the beach. When we got back, the ceiling and floor were fixed, but when we went to get dressed for dinner and opened up our closest, my husbands wallet was on the floor of the closet. He did have it locked in the safe. He was missing $200 USD from his wallet. While we were out, either the maintenace people or housekeepers were cleaning us out, literally. We reported it to the manager, but we were leaving the next day and we knew we weren't going to get out money back. This was our second time to the Dominican Republic and we will never go back.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2005
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>johnmilton
<Content>Very good time! Recommended resort, good staff, clean beach, excellent food and activities., great hotels and bars and pools. Visited the resort in August 2004, and concider going back this year. Good family place!enjoy!  
<Date>Mar 15, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TorontoGoingAway
<Content>absolutely perfect! My husband  I just came back from the Fiesta Beach resort. It was our first time trip in D.R and had amazing time. Everything went just perfect. The resort was so gorges and very secure, good for the family. Ocean was so beautiful  stunning. Withe sand beach was very well kept,  clean. The staff were friendly and hotel was neat and well kept too. Night entertainment was better that day time, well we didn't get bother by that because most likely you spend your time relaxing on the beach  enjoy the sun. There was variety of fresh food for breakfast, lunch  dinner. If you are too picky, make sure to ask your agency how many restaurants are included in your package. Our package was basic, had access to two buffet restaurants  sport bar which was ok for us as we spent only one week there, but it would be nice to try other restaurants if you are planning to stay more. Also I should tell you this resort is mostly occupied by French, German or Spanish people  a few Canadian or State visitors. Overall we had a fantastic time, we will more likely to go back again and definitely recommend it to you too. Thanks to (---) and Signature Vacation for the amazing experience. If you would like to hear more about it, please email me, I would be happy to give you more details.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome time!               More photos  
<Date>Mar 8, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Lovesunny
<Content>Fiesta Beach Highly Recommended Just returned from Fiesta Beach Resort and Spa today and it was amazing. Travelled this year with my family of three. When booking this trip we chose a 3-4 star (4+ in some books) and it was more than incredible. Upon arrival we were the only ones off the bus to this location. For a split second we were worried. We had a nice young gentleman carry our bags to our room which was 3204. The rooms were typical but the pillows were terrible, so bring you own. Once we settled into our room, we head straight for the beach. It was beautiful. The ocean did get rough so we chose to spend most of our time at the pool as our 7 year old son lives in the water!  There was alot to choose from for all meals. Each night the usual salads etc. but the main course would be of a different theme. In between meals I would suggest requesting a menu from the bar if you can't wait until the next meal or you'll be stuck with popcorn. Don't shy away from the food, just make sure the meat is not pink. This hotel has the beach, restaurant and pool right there so no walking a distance to get there. There is a train that you are able to take to get around the resort. The resort is gorgeous! One of the nicest we've stayed at. Take the time to videotape or take pictures from the train. Fiesta Beach has access to the other hotels but you will have to pay for drinks/meals if you choose. Just ask front desk what's included in the package. Overall if people want more than what the Fiesta Beach offers then they should definitely do more research. It was a wonderful stay and we would definitely go back. Final note, the tourists from the 5 stars within the complex were at our hotel all hours of the day, so that obviously says something. We have paid alot more for trips south and we did not receive as much as The Fiesta Beach offered us. Enjoy!  
<Date>Feb 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful beaches - but beware We just got back from a week at Fiesta Beach. This was our third trip to DR in 2 years. What draws as back each time is the beautiful weather and wonderful beaches. We would not choose Fiesta Beach again because there were too many limitations on dining choices - we really got tired of buffet dining. The fact that we didn't have access to all the dining options in the complex was disappointing and not clearly explained to us at the time of booking. We did enjoy the fresh pasta and the ice cream at the Sports Bar, however.The complex itself is beautiful. The grounds are clean and well maintained - just gorgeous! Many opportunities to walk and enjoy the beauty. The train that runs daily is also a nice touch. Our room was clean and we had a view of the ocean. We slept most nights with the patio doors open so we could hear the surf. Our air conditioning did not work the whole time we were there and after repeated atempts to have it fixed we just gave up. Our maid presented us with fresh flowers and wonderfully created towel designs daily. She was such a treat!We took one tour to Altos de Chavon/La Romana and had a wonderful day. We visited a cigar factory, toured a cave and had lunch while floating down the Chavon River on a boat. Just beautiful! The visit to the artisan village was great. I could have spent all day there. The shopping was quite different then any we have ever seem in DR.As I said what draws as back each time are the beaches - they are just unbelievable - pictures don't do them justice. We will definately visit DR again but we will choose another hotel on Bavaro Beach to stay at.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>LOVED IT I had the most amazing time in this hotel.First and most importantly is the quality of custommer service that you receive in this hotel: I've never met such friendly, warm and helpfull people as the hotel staff in this hotel...and I have to add that I have travelled a lot! The animatio team is absolutely great!!! You were also provided with a wide variety of sports, games and activities, and their lovely music is on constantly...which just makes you want to dance all day!!! So if you get bored there its really because you want too!The rooms were fine (very big single beds), nothing extremely fancy, but considering that you will only be spending a minimum amount of time in them, there is really nothing to complain about. There was also a great variety of food available, which is great!!! If what you love is being pampered, well cared for, and enjoying the culture and extreme warmness of people...then this is the hotel for you...so I just just have one two words to describe this hotel: ABSOLUTELY AMAZING!!!!! Made friends for the rest of my life....  
<Date>Jan 12, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Best bang for your buck If you are going on vacation to get away to a paradise, this IS it. It is the most beautiful beach i have ever seen. Turquoise, warm, clean waters, white sand, blue sky,palm trees it was gorgeous. My friend i was with said it was nicer than the beach in Aruba.The rooms: totally fine. no weird surprises, no insects. the bathroom was much nicer than i expected, good water pressure, and the maids were really great. No complaints at all.The food was plenty. We canadians preferred the sports bar.. we got grilled cheese burgers, pizza, and Soft serve ice cream.The night life can get a little boring,, but we went to mangu, a club at a nearby resort, and it was a lot of fun. The resort's disco wasnt so bad though. The staff were very nice, but would cat call me when i tried to jog around the premise for some exercise. moral of the story, dont exercise on vacation ;)Anyway, this was the absolute best deal ive gotten for a vacation. people i know stayed at places in puerto plata with brown sand and gross water for more money than we paid. we paid about 1200 in total inclduing tax and everything. you cant go wrong at this resort. Email me if you want to see pictures of the beach or whatever.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AshleyHarris2007
<Content>The Best Vacation Spot I have been to the Dominican Republic 3 times.. Currently planning my fourth trip there in late Februrary Early March! My mother and I started going last year and we can't get enough of the people, the food, and the sheer beauty and preservation of the island and its people. I have been to numerous places in the caribean such as Beaches in turks and cacious, Green Turtle Cay in the Bahamas, and Have stayed at the Ritz Carlton in Hawaii, and they do not even compare to Fiesta Beach. My first time to the Domincan we were a little weary of what to expect where we sick of the cold weather and just decided to leave the winter behind, we booked our trip got there and discovered that they don't speak english my spanish was minimal my mothers absolutely terrible, but we managed. Our second time i cried when we left, and the third time i said see yall in a few months. It is seriously like our second home. The best thing about the Dominican is if you are friends with the people they will show you the best time you ever had. Experience there food which is excellent, there city life, and the best for college and teenagers off resort Clubs. Which are absolutly the biggest parties ever. The beaches are awsome. I read somewhere about bugs and mosquitos i have been there in all different seasons and have not got a one bug bite. I think it is seriously the perfect place to vacation I now have no reason to go anywhere else for vacation. Shopping in the Dominican is the greatest. I got namebrand clothes which would have costs me hundreds of dollars in the states for about $50! It is great. We are off the resort area more than we are on the resort and have no problem with safety and no mugging issues. The must have to do's of the Dominican is DRINK THERE RUM you'll never have rum like it, smoke there cigars there better than Cuban cigars, and experience a little bit of there life, and if you have time and are into artifacts they have the most beautiful church in the world there. If you want to see a picture of the church feel free to email me or any pictures of the beach or any questions feel free to email me.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome Honeymoon me and the wife went for our honeymoon to the fiesta beach in punta cana, and had an amazing time! the resort itself is beautiful...so much to see and look at...had a great time...HOTELWe actually booked for the Fiesta Complex, but i guess they end up sending everyone to the Beach Resort instead of the Palladium. With the Beach Resort, you're totally restricted on where you can eat, but we were fine eating the places where we were allowed. Our room was big, and it was taken care of daily. Only thing my wife had a problem with was the air conditioning being at full blast everytime we'd come back after the maid had been through, cause she gets cold easy. We didn't have much of a view, but it didn't matter, cause as soon as we left our room, we have great visuals all around us.FOODI know most people really liked the food at La Uva, but I wasn't a big fan. We only ate dinner there the first night, and the food was ok. I didn't enjoy breakfast either...was only in the mood for fruit and croissants, and the croissants had tough ends to them. Anyway, we always ate lunch at the Sports Bar, which was awesome! We loved the food there, and loved being able to get our own soft serve ice cream. We're not picky eaters, or gourmet food lovers, so we really enjoyed the pizza, burgers, blts, and nachos and what not. We pretty much had all our dinners at La Chichigua, which was pizza and pasta, and I didn't really dig the pizza that much, but the fresh pasta was awesome!ENTERTAINMENTDidn't really get to see any, cause we were usually beat from our day time activities, but I heard they were good!BEACHThe beach and the pool were awesome, and we spent much time at both. The beach was clean, and so beautiful, and the views around it were awesome.EXCURSIONSWe only took one day trip, and that was the Saona Island trip, which took us on a bus ride to the Grand Dominicus resort, from where we took a catamaran to Saona Island. This was awesome! The food was good, and the beach was awesome! After we left the island, we took speed boats back, and stopped at the natural pool where the Carribean Sea and Atlantic Ocean meet, and this was great also! It was waist deep water, way off the shore, with starfish all around. An incredible experience. On the bus ride back, we got to stop in Higuey, and do some shopping, and hang out with all the kids in the area, that were looking for money.SHOPPINGWe went to the market, just 5 minutes down the beach, which was ok, and we also went to the Plaza Bavaro, which is a $5 cab ride away. Both were good, but every store had the exact same thing. Got 3 bottles of Brugal and 10 vanilla Cohibas for $20 on the last day...could've bargained more, but was pretty tired of it.All in all, this was the perfect honeymoon for us, and I would definately go back to the Fiesta, and would definately recommend going to it. Fun times!  
<Date>Aug 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>navy989
<Content>fiesta Beach -Punta Cana. Great place to stay FIESTA BEACH - PUNTA CANADenise and Yvan, from Ottawa CANADA - May 2nd to May 16I will definitely be back. What a wonderful vacation that was. Thank you are in order.First to Air Transat for finding us a replacement plane within 2 hours of our return to Mirabel because we had an hydraulic problem. Had to turn back over New York. Great service, great people. Thank you to Nolatour who had the rep waiting for us at the airport in Punta Cana. We were in our room within 1 hour. What a room. The ceiling was 25 high over the door. Room 2217, right by the ocean. Small ocean view, but the palm trees are just amazing at night, while dancing in the wind. Try it. They looked like peacocks flashing their feathers. Great room. Cleaned every single day. Good service as well. AC was good, washroom was perfect. No problemo at all. They make these beautiful birds with the towels, decorated with fresh flowers. Lots of work involved into this. They sure know how to live from the Land. Great staff at the reception as well. Thank you very much.FOOD: LA UVA (buffet style). Man, these guys are just amazing. They sure know how to cook and present the food. All kinds of it. Rabbit, fishes of all kinds, turkey, chicken, mexican food night was excellent. And they have such nice smiles. Thank you to all of the cooks. The one at the BBQ in the back of the room is just great. Treat all of them with respect, and smile. You will have the time of your life. Excellent fruits, deserts, ice cream, cheese to die for. Every single days we could eat something very different. And always delicious. The service is very good as well. Thank you Louisa Maria, and to all the other girls working the floor that we had the pleasure to meet. The ANIMATION TEAM:Harol, Arturo, Julio, Argewi, Cristina and Catrina, you guys are just great. Don't ever change.As a customer of the hotel, you stick around the animacion group and you will have a great time. Dards, bocha, dancing, aerobics, bow and arrow, shooting. Go there. Meet people and have FUN. You have the shades and no wind. The animacion team is fantastic. From morning till night. Always smiling and having fun with everybody. Thank you so much for all the good times. I even won Mister Fiesta one night. On stage. Plain good fun for everybody in the place. Thank you all. I had a ball. By the way, you can buy your CD music from these guys. Excellent music that you will play again and again. Great memories. Go to the party beach they have every week, at night. Get involved. We were priviledged to a soccer game. Around 14 players on each side. Going at each other like crazy. Thank you to all of you that played. My girlfriend scored the tying goal. In the sand, barefeet and all looking so competitive out there. You had to be there to believe it. Go see a different show every night. And get involved in dancing. You will enjoy it. It is over around 11PM. I was AMAZED at the dancers I saw. And the band playing one night was just so good. The service is excellent. Always smiling again. It is in their blood. In all of them. To each and every one of you, many thanks from Denise and I.EXCURSIONS:You want to see the real country? Learned the origin of the coconuts on the Island? I had the best trip of my life. Hold a snake in my hands. Saw a live tarantula that can jump seven feet high about 2 feet from me and my friends. Mountains in the back, just incredible. You go horseback riding for 45 minutes. Then eat incredibly good food. Don't waste anything. And bring all the soaps, shampoo, toothpaste, crayons and paper for the school, candies for the school (don't give it along the way, otherwise they won't go to school to earn it), ask for the JURRASSIC TOUR, with Rigo as the guide (29 years old. Know everything about the Island), its origin, it's people, vegetation, culture, you ask, he knows. Why the different colors in the hutt they live in? See how they trained for cockfight. How they live. How they depend on water to just survive. The lady is 82, had 13 children, and never left her place. She knows about life. You will find an inner peace. There are no words for it. Bring sunglasses, camera, lots of films, aspirins for them (at lunch, for all the people working there) have a few pictures taken with the two parrots and the little girls that has them. With a beautiful mountain scenery in the back. Just after the horseback riding, you cross back that suspended bridge to go eat some fresh coconut, mango, oranges, sweet lemon like you never tasted before. On that tour, you can buy cigarettes for 9$ US a cartoon. And rum, and good cigars.You are gone from 8AM till around 4 h 30 PM. And all is included. Beer, rum, coke, 7UP, water bootles floating in ice and water. WHINNIE is the driver. Ask for these guys. We finished the day boogie boarding. You ride 5 feet high wave, RIGO knows how and will set you up. Denise rode around 250 feet on one. She will never thank our guide enough. Same goes for me. TIPS: Bring a hat, sunglass, lots of sunscreen. You are exposed to the element all day. We bought a bottle of 20 ounces of pure vanilla for 2$US. All kind of spices and pure chocolate for about the same price. These guys will take you everywhere. Bank, villages, sugar cane field, cigar maker, bank machine, souvenir shop in the back of the country. Prices are great compare to the beach market. You will save a bundle of $$$. It's worth the 75$US per person we paid for that Tour. And say Hola to the people, and smile at them. They will do just the same. It is in their blood. Thank you for this wonderful day, Rigo, Whinnie and Snake man. Muchas gracias.BEACH, SUN, WIND:Careful with that combination.Bring lots of sunscreen. Think 45 for the first 2 days, then 30 for the rest of the week. Go 45 for the face, knees and top of the feet. Beautiful beach. You can see fishes and feed then within 10 feet from the shore. Beautiful water. No nothing in the water. Just sand at your feet and very smooth. SNORKLING:You can go for 20$ US per person for 2 hours, with a captain you meet at the market. 5 minutes walk to you right when facing the ocean From the Fiesta Beach Resort. BEWARE: Don't bring more money or values with you when you go snorkling. The sharks are not in the water. It cost me 20$ US to learn it. That is the only bad taste I got from my whole trip. The fishes are just amazing. Bring bananas to feed them. They come to eat right in your hand. Hundreds of them, all colors, shapes, etc. I went twice. Good investment for your money. Bring a towel each. You will appreciate on your way back. PARASAILING:Is also amazing. They make you touched the water twice. Or even the beach. Have a good time on the boat. The ride is fabulous. Sunscreen, camera, sunglasses are in order. We paid 35$ US each with George. Good guy to know. He will bring you to the closest market, bank, shops, he will tell you where to go at night, etc.POOL, RESORT, in general:A+ all around. I did not want to go anywhere else. The popcorn machine is just great. Snack and service all around the pool is always there. They make you feel like a king. Thank you all. We are planning to go back. It sure was the best time of my life. Thank you , Robert and Jeannine, MC and Dave, Helga and Fritz, Charlie, Manolo, Eva and Paula and Enrico and Marco. And to all the people from Barcelona, Terefine, Canary Island, Axel et Lucas, I had the best time of my life.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Palladium is Unbelievable - in a good way!!! I visited Punta Cana, specifically the Palladium during the week of April 15 - 22, 2004. It was BEYOND my expectations!. I was surprised at how little english is spoken at the resort however still had the time of my life. I made new friends and am planning to visit again next year for 2 weeks.The resort staff were very friendly. Do not expect to get snap your finger service. Everything is a little more relaxed and laid back. I recommend that everyone have a small amount of US dollars for tips etc. The small supermarcado on site does not take visa and you must go back into the lobby of resort to have them put the charges thru for you. The beaches were picturesque. They really have white sand and aqua blue water! The swimming with the dolphins at Manati Park is not worth it. You only get maybe 5 minutes with them. That is really the only complaint I have. Otherwise, I highly recommend the Palladium Bavaro at Fiesta Place.  
<Date>May 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>darmichel
<Content>Excellent 4 star resort! Had a lovely stay at the Fiesta Complex (Beach) Resort. Stayed in complex 2000, adjacent to the pool and the Piscine Bar and La UVa restaurant. The balcony doors are very thick so the noise from the pool area was ALMOST non-existent. They close everything at midnite so you're sure to get a good nites sleep. The pool was very well maintained as were the grounds and buildings. They are in the process of renovating a number of the complexes, but the noise is very minimal and not done at god awful hours. The beach area when i arrived was very active, but as the week wore down the people slowly disappeared as charters change their scheduling for summer departures. There were always chairs available by the pool or beach at any time of the day. The Dominican has alot of Europeans visiting their country and they are very friendly to Canadians. For the person who complains about this resort is one who, wanted a deal and then when they got their they realized from people at the Palladuim received access to all the Fiesta Complex. Pay a little more at time of booking and don't complain. You're in a third world country. The Fiesta Beach Resort and Spa was absolutely fabulous and i would recommend it to anyone and if you spend a little more per person you can have the best of both worlds. Relax, enjoy, and don't compare their country to ours or you'll not enjoy your trip!  
<Date>May 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chizam
<Content>Great place! Much different than Puerto Plata which is also great. After visiting the Dominican once before, I stayed at the Fiesta Beach Resort in March of 2004. My first trip to the Dominican was to Puerto Plata, and I think it is important to note that Punta Cana is much different. Punta Cana is virtually all resorts with little access to the local Dominican culture. Punta Cana is very much designed strictly for tourists, but beautiful with nicer beaches than Puerto Plata. There are advantages  disadvantages to both places, but I would highly recommend either. Our 7 days at Fiesta Beach Resort were fabulous. The staff was wonderful and went out of their way to make sure that we were enjoying our stay. The food was good, with a fair variety of options. If you are a vegetarian, you will have enough options. By day seven you may be craving a little more variety, but you will have choices throughout the week. Don't miss the wonderful Gazpacho at lunch! The white sand beaches were gorgeous. Our only annoyance throughout the trip was with inconsiderate and down right rude guests. Please remember that you are visiting a foreign country. It is unreasonable to demand that the resorts provide change in the currency of your home country. Despite the long shifts that the staff work nearly every day of the week...despite the terribly low wages, they remain courteous and helpful. It is easy to feel like a king or queen when you are in paradise, but it is wrong to treat the staff as if they are your personal servants. Please be courteous to the hard working staff that only receive $80/month for their outstanding service. Tips are greatly appreciated by the staff  well deserved. We chose to pay tribute to the staff at the end of our trip, but others noticed the already great service escalated when tips were received early on in the trip. What might buy us a candy bar here in the U.S. will do much more for the dominicans.Enjoy your stay!  
<Date>Apr 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing.....Beautiful Beach   showReview(1783299, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Buyer beware   showReview(1771552, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 9, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>You Won't Be Sorry   showReview(1764768, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 5, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What A place   showReview(1755910, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Extremely nice people!   showReview(1735140, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great place   showReview(1728495, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 17, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect vacation   showReview(1727808, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 16, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fun trip!   showReview(1725281, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>markes
<Content>Pleasant Punta Cana   showReview(1613245, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 25, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not recommended!!   showReview(1506693, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 4, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>om13
<Content>S茅jour tr茅s agr茅able       Village de pecheur 脿 l'ISLA SAONA  
<Date>Jan 8, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Daniellita
<Content>2e fois 脿 cet h么tel: toujours aussi fantastique!       La famille!  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>monicapri75
<Content>un grande hotel   showReview(23067268, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>rosmen3
<Content>Genial....   showReview(22756578, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>runkel
<Content>Es war ein sch枚ner Urlaub, doch n盲chstes Jahr geht es woanders hin   showReview(22294016, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>bidous
<Content>tres bien..   showReview(22023748, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>pixubicho
<Content>no la cagueis como yo   showReview(21785782, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	1	1	1	1	3	

<Author>neferram
<Content>Super s茅jour   showReview(21590871, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>mj4979
<Content>Pa repetir   showReview(21334611, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>tanoka
<Content>brutalllll   showReview(21154166, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	5	4	

<Author>cordobes83
<Content>Impresionante, el a帽o que viene m谩s       nuestra piscina  
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	1	

<Author>nurygogo
<Content>Merece la pena ir de vacaciones al Hotel Grand Palladium       En la Pisci del Hotel Grand Palladium  
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un des meilleurs h么tels de Bavaro   showReview(20554730, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Say555
<Content>Genial pero la pr贸xima vez ir茅 solo con mis amigas!!!   showReview(19725132, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>zacci
<Content>Einfach Traumhaft - und die Leute waren auch total nett!   showReview(19615930, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un h么tel magnifique   showReview(20554729, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>floraParis
<Content>un h么tel magnifique et paradisiaque   showReview(19540764, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Marie-Elaine
<Content>Tr猫s tr猫s bien !!!   showReview(18698489, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Jessi101
<Content>Tres bien mais quelques petites choses a tenir compte..   showReview(18611867, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	1	3	4	

<Author>karlox
<Content>Excelente   showReview(18296060, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	5	2	

<Author>perGranada
<Content>un autentico paraiso       paraiso  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Michabom
<Content>Sehr gut zum erhohlen   showReview(17900111, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Dubbis
<Content>No quer铆a irme!!!!!   showReview(17758012, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>4	5	2	5	3	5	3	5	

<Author>flikys
<Content>el a帽o que viene repitoooo!!!!!!       Amor en Isla Saona  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SabMarignane
<Content>voyage inoubliable, hotel majestueux   showReview(17429307, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>lupinMarbella
<Content>las excursiones alas islas "virgenes"unpetardo..   showReview(17222945, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	2	4	

<Author>keno_237
<Content>merveilleux hotel, superbe plage ,belle piscine 5 茅toiles       1 status de fruit  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Montse08Barcelona
<Content>Un viaje estupendo   showReview(17029250, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>gatitaMadid
<Content>servicio pesimo   showReview(16704092, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>4	2	5	5	3	4	1	4	

<Author>nordChtiFran_ais
<Content>rien a dire tout ete merveilleux   showReview(15948020, 'full');   
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>juancharly
<Content>El paraiso   showReview(15805733, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>codebare47
<Content>Qualit茅/prix Fantastique       Codebare-s茅curit茅  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>LEOPOLD7
<Content>Bon ressort   showReview(15143583, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>3	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>johnnybquebec
<Content>Nous ya retournerons.   showReview(14427939, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>viajeroSitioNuevo
<Content>viaje inolvidable, pero con algunas pegas   showReview(14409205, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Minnie222
<Content>Pr茅cisions sur certaines critiques sur cet h么tel   showReview(13389634, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	5	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>vincefromparis
<Content>Hotel tr茅s agr茅able, personnel tr茅s sympa   showReview(12640841, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	5	4	

<Author>HarryfromParis
<Content>Beau Complexe mais...   showReview(12585429, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	4	2	2	

<Author>losmorachos
<Content>unas vacaciones inolvidables       piscina  
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cyra
<Content>decevant   showReview(11913105, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 23, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	5	5	5	4	1	

<Author>lamerlamer
<Content>paradis terrestre       lo  
<Date>Dec 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>BeJoNi
<Content>Einfach nur abspannen       Hubschrauberrundflug  
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>BIDOUNET
<Content>magnifique h么tel       Le parc c么t茅 Punta Cana  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Alexetfabi
<Content>H么tel et cadre magnifiques mais le personnel froid et peu souriant   showReview(10825308, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>AINHOADonosti
<Content>Pienso volver sin ninguna duda   showReview(10433151, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>simon_inf
<Content>beau bon pas cher       chambre :(  
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	5	4	1	1	3	

<Author>jordiFormentera
<Content>genial, ha ido perfecto   showReview(10052727, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SantiTenerife
<Content>Altamente recomendable   showReview(10017818, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>dudel1968
<Content>Fahren bereits zum 3. Mal hin!   showReview(10013942, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>omega69
<Content>beau mais service affligeant   showReview(8254630, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>3	2	5	5	4	4	1	-1	

<Author>eymet
<Content>Le meilleur hotel de bavaro ?       Carte du Palladium Punta Cana  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>escorpion6
<Content>muy bien el servicio excelente       el transporte  
<Date>May 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>JORGEJAVIER
<Content>Un lugar que cumple todas las espectativas   showReview(7201729, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Michelange
<Content>Merveilleuse exp茅rience que ce Grand Palladium   showReview(6831117, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>gisancla
<Content>Superbe h么tel et tr猫s belles vacances   showReview(6604512, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>senshi
<Content>immer mal wieder   showReview(6325791, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>DonKamillo
<Content>2. Mal und immer wieder einfach genial   showReview(6027987, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	3	

