<Author>IdahoJim
<Content>One of the finest hotels in the world This may be the best hotel we have ever stayed in. We stayed in the Executive House Zen which is very pricey, but well worth it if you like unbelievable service. The rooms are modern and roomy by Japanese standards. This is a standout for business travelers or vacationers for whom the money is not the cheif concern.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>HBR
<Content>Good Hotel ; Good Train Access My husband and I stayed at the New Otani for four nights. Three nights we were in the Garden Tower and one in the Main. The Main tower is a newer more contemporary styled Tower. The rooms are the same size, but the Main tower rooms have a floor to ceiling window which gives you a nice view. The Garden tower is a bit dated, but still comfortable. When we got to our room, it was on the 12th floor facing the garden and it was beautiful. We even had a view of Mt. Fuji!! Overall, the hotel is a good choice in that it's a good price (230 for garden, 330 for main) and it's about a 7-10 min walk to the Yotsuya train station.As for the rest of the hotel, the staff was very helpful, attentive, and spoke english. The resteraunts are ok, but we only tried the sushi and the bfast buffet. But, avoid the sushi rest (can't remember the name, in the garden tower). It's below average and a complete rip off. You're much better off going to Roppogi and getting sushi there. As for breakfast, there's a buffett in the lounge area overlooking the garden which is beautiful. If you'd rather have a quick bfast, try the train station (yotsuya). They have a Beck's Coffee shop on street level as you enter the station, that serves a delicious breakfast (eggs, toast, yogurt, coffee or hot choc.) for about 6 bucks!For a 4 star hotel, this is a good deal, convenient location and has great service.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>intrepid2k
<Content>Loved the 'Top of the Tower' Breakfast I have stayed at New Otani twice in 2008. On both occasions, it was for 3-4 days.The hotel is huge, and has a complex layout. On my first visit, I actually got lost and had to ask my way around. However, the staff is really efficient and helpful. They all speak English, so it wasn't a problem to find my way.The entire complex houses not only the hotel but also several offices, a shopping complex (apart from the one in the main lobby area) and a few other things.The hotel is located centrally in Tokyo, and a short way from most places that one might want to visit. It is a convenient 3-5 minute walk from the nearest Metro station (Akasaka-Mitsuke, if I am not mistaken). Ask the concierge for a map of the locality and they'll be able to give you an English map with everything around the hotel marked neatly on it. Once you have that map, exploring the area is quite easy.As the title of this review says, the Top of the Tower breakfast is a great experience. Not only in the menu very good, but the view of Tokyo is excellent too. The size of the breakfast area is an issue sometimes because there can be too many guests turning up at the same time. Try to go very early or very late to avoid the queue.On the downside, the rooms are a bit on the smaller side. That seems to be the case with most hotels in Tokyo though.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>fafafooey
<Content>Decent price and good location Stayed a week in the hotel for a business trip. Location worked out good for work and getting out in the evening. It is a BIG hotel, kind of reminds me of something in Vegas. I have future travel to Tokyo and will probably book it again.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mizorka
<Content>Nice hotel with many expensive conveniences and a few hidden treasures The hotel complex is massive, but once you get your bearings, you'll find it easy enough to navigate.The rooms: From what I hear, the rooms are spacious by Tokyo standards. By US standards the size is just a bit smaller than your average 3 star hotel room. I had a king bed in the garden tower and was fine by myself space wise. The bed was hard and you could feel the springs, but everything else was pretty comfortable and clean. Nice 27 plasma TV, lots of freebie toiletries, robes and slippers, casual kimono sleepwear, and paid minibar. The decor was a bit dated, but overall I thought the room was fine for what I paid compared to other hotels in the area.The food: Western food at the Otani sucks, so stick with Japanese food if you eat there. The main restaurants (the ones that they advertise and put at the forefront of entrances to trick you into thinking that's all that is available) are expensive! Expect to pay up to $50-150 USD for a meal at those places. A few reasonable places include the following:Tully's - Starbucks-esque coffee shop. The coffee isn't great, but you can get a cup of Joe, a ham  cheese hot pocket, and a pastry for less than 10 bucks.Towada and Niizu - These are soba noodle restaurants so they are casual and less expensive. You can get a tasty authentic soba meal for around $20 (which is still expensive for soba, but not as painfully expensive as the other restaurants).The western-style cocktails were no better than the food (bartenders could not make a decent cosmo), so again, stick with Japanese style drinks like sake and japanese beer.The recreation - One of the reviewers said that you had to pay to use the gym. This is not entirely true. The fancy gym cost over $50 bucks to use. But there are 2 workout rooms that have a couple elliptical machines, treadmills, and stationary bikes that you can use for free. Also check out the relaxation room near the business center and next to the workout room in the Garden Tower that has a shiatsu massage chair that you can enjoy for free. You do have to pay $20 to use the pool.The shopping - There are so many shops at the New Otani, but they mostly cater to middle aged business folks and their spouses. I guess that makes sense.General comments - the New Otani is right next to a Tokyo metro stop, ask the staff which entrance to use to get there as the hotel complex is quite large. The staff are very friendly and accommodating. You can get just about anything by asking the front desk. I borrowed an adapter and rented a japanese cell phone from the front desk. Oh, and you have to ask housekeeping to bring you an iron and they only let you keep it for 1 hour. So I ironed my entire wardrobe so that I wouldn't need to keep borrowing it. The same thing happened when I was in Sapporo - don't know what's up with that. All in all, I was quite satisfied with my stay at the New Otani Hotel.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>mapboy11
<Content>Very Good Hotel       A photo of the New Otani taken from the garden.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lmnop1234
<Content>They treat you like royalty       Garden  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	3	5	4	5	3	

<Author>lauraincanberra
<Content>Beautiful garden, great breakfast       A view of the waterfall, looking up to the Main tower, and the Garden Lounge restaurant (far rig  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>kasukabe0302
<Content>Hotel in hotel Execitive House Zen       銈广偪銉炽儉銉笺儔銉勩偆銉炽儷銉笺儬  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ancientone001
<Content>No speak the english Have just had four days at this hotel, service was superb, BUT hardly anyone spoke english well enough to understand me, ( I Am after all a New Zealander and might talk funny BUT how many ways can you say Bar ??????) The view from room was fine we actually SAW Mt Fuji one morning, the staff were helpful and because I had read all the advice from previous guests we knew there were cheaper eating places in basement and that turned out to be true and wonderful. Beware the Sandwich buffet in the Garden room unless you are a rugby player or a sumo wrestler you will be swept off you feet at 11.29am when ther starving hordes line up and push you away. Was funny to watch but not funny to be at the back of the ? queue all the time. All in all a great experience and would stay there again in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Grisgrisca
<Content>Pleasant but expensive I stayed 5 days at this hotel while attending a Government of Japan hosted meeting. The corner room on an upper floor of the tower building was as large as any 4 or 5 star hotel room I have stayed in and well furnished. The bathroom was excellent in quality and size as well as with the toilet articles supplied. It is a huge rambling main floor conecting three buildings. The main lobby and other areas a little dated in their furnishings but clean and high quality. Although there are something like 35 or 37 bars and restaurants, they are pricy, especially the branch of the famous Paris restuarant located on the main floor ($400 easily for the menu without any drinks). The sandwich luncheon buffet overlooking the lovely Japanese garden is worth enjoying but be early as there is a rush and the food starts to run out. Likewise highly recommended is a tea house in the garden and another sushi-type little restaurant hidden in centre of the garden. The breakfast on the 40th floor at $35 is not worth that price except for the view of Mount Fuji which was perhaps worth the price. There is a Starbucks in the lower shopping level which is fine. The staff were very polite and the young lady who took my bags to my room insisted that I not tip which was refreshing.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>S.Fong
<Content>Good, but nothing to write home about... I was traveling on business and just checked out of the Grand Hyatt. Since it was going to be on my dime, I decided to stay somewhere more affordable. I was pampered and completely spoiled with luxury at the Grand Hyatt...so it's not fair to compare. The staff like any 4 star hotel in Tokyo were warm and accomodating. Everyone smiles and tries to be helpful...I wish all 4 star hotels all over the world share that same enthusiam. The room was a good size for Tokyo, but the bathroom was small in comparison. It didn't have any of the fancy amenities that I experienced at the Grand Hyatt, but hey...it's cheaper. The only positive regarding the location was that the nearest subway station seem to connect with every well known tourist area. All in all, even though it was cheaper, for the price I ended up paying, I expected a bit more.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>LBelle02
<Content>A great 24 hours in Tokyo We were only in Tokyo for a day but got a lot out our time by staying in the New Otani. The staff was very hospitable, the gardens were beautiful as well as the view from our room. We stayed in one of the rooms that had not been renovated and was outdated compared to the rest of the hotel. On the other hand, the Otani is in a great location for restaurants and shopping.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>FotiniEKranou
<Content>Impressive Hotel We have stayed in August at the New Otani and it was a wonderful experience. Become a member through the hotel麓s website to avoid the long check in lines. Because of this card not only did we avoid the long lines, but also had private check in and upgrade to a just recently renovated room with beautiful decoration, flat screet tv and excellent bath amenities and cosmetics. Customer service and concierge are excellent, but do take the leaflets from their desk as there are activities and attractions not mentioned by them. This hotel is considered to be one of the top 5 in Japan, but make sure you get a room in the renovated part of the hotel. IT consists of different buildings, more than 35 restaurants, many lounge bars. Be sure to visit the lounge bar on the top floor where you can have a magnificent Tokyo view by night listening to jazz music (reminded me of New York). The restaurants in the hotel are not the quality you would expect in a hotel of this range but there is a street just accross the hotel with many restaurants, cafes, fast food chains, cigar bar. Also, in the Garden Court (business section of the hotel) there is Tully's coffee (a japanese version of starbucks). There is e number of spas and brand name shops (Armani etc).One of the most beautiful places of the hotel is the 14th ancient garden with traditional plants, lakes, and buildings.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BillyBMerseyside
<Content>Worth staying just to see the gardens !       beautiful fish  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Woodai
<Content>good My husband and I traveled to Tokyo just after Christmas together with some friends of ours. We chose this hotel because the rate was very reasonable (under USD200/night鈥?we booked the room through the hotel鈥檚 website a month before our trip).The hotel is located right next (3 minute walk from hotel room) to Akasaka Mitsuke metro station and a 10 minute walk to a JR station. This meant we were only 3 or 4 stations away from Shinjuku, Shibuya, Ginza and Akihabara. The best part about this hotel is it was built in the 1960鈥檚 so you don鈥檛 have to worry about getting lost because everyone knows where it isIf you鈥檙e a United Airlines Mileage Plus 1K member you can get a free room upgrade. The guy who checked us in ignored this offer but after much 鈥渨rangling鈥?he gave us an upgrade to a 鈥渄eluxe鈥?tower room for 4 out of 5 nights. I must admit he was pretty rude about it and made us feel like we were begging for the upgrade. The 鈥渄eluxe鈥?room is double the size of a regular standard room, complete with a large living room area. Our room was clean, with a huge bathroom. The room reminded me of the 1970鈥檚 because of the dark color scheme they used on the sofas and carpet. You could tell the hotel has been around for years (fair wear  tear) but everything was clean and they gave us an ample supply of Kanebo shampoo, conditioner and shower gel.I tried the in-room massage (JPY6300 for 50 minutes) and didn鈥檛 like it but maybe I鈥檓 not used to Japanese massages.We had dinner at Nadaman on our last night and had a very pleasant kaiseki dinner. The service was very good but I still don鈥檛 understand why they prefer to serve the men first in Japan!We took the airport limousine bus to the airport (the first departure of the day at 6:20am) which took us directly to Narita airport.Most people at the hotel spoke English (some spoke very good English) but we had to speak to a few people to get a reasonable answer if we had a complicated question.I recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>poidog
<Content>Over rated and over priced The New Otani in Tokyo is huge. It consists of two towers, the new and the old tower. I stayed in the old tower because there was a huge price difference between the two. My single, king, room was a corner so it was large and spacious. No complaints regarding the room. The things that I do not like is that they charged me 300 yen ($3) for each toll-free call I made from my room (calling card). This is the first and only hotel that I have encountered this. I ordered room service once when I arrived (tired and exhausted), it was decent, hit the spot, but was about $30 for a fried chicken dinner. If you want to use the pool and facilities expect to pay extra for those $20-$30 per day... ouch. The location is great, right in the center of Tokyo, but there are also hundreds of other that are too. For the price and the service fees this hotel is very over rated and over priced. There are many more newer, trendier, and more personable hotels in Tokyo for the same price.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Panguin
<Content>Wonderful experience at the New Otani The New Otani is made up of two towers: the original 1964 Olympics tower (which looks austere) and a round-edged white tower built more recently. They are connected by a long corridor and the entire hotel sits on a 10-acre garden that has a small waterfall. (Actually it is a big waterfall if I were to have it but it's a small waterfall as waterfalls go.) The garden is worth a visit. It is intended for the leisurely stroll. There is a teahouse although that was closed when I was there.The executive room I had was very pleasant. The king bed was king indeed. The room was big enough so that my colleague complained that the 42-inch tv looked small when he was watching it from the bed. There is a small working area with lan connection for internet.The bathroom is small but very well stocked with L'Occitane shower, shampoo, conditioner and body lotion. I am still on the road and I took a couple of the lotion.I did not have any of the negative experience mentioned by other reviewers. I had a late flight so I took the morning to visit a friend. I left my bag and my handcarry (laptop bag with no lock) with a staff. He delivered it to the airport bus waiting area. So all I needed to do was to turn up where the bus was with my ticket. My laptop bag was intact and nothing was missing. Amazing.Food at the hotel restaurant is expensive. I had two coffees and a cake for tea and they came up to US$30. I guess someone has to pay for the water pouring down the waterfall.There are two subway stations nearby and they are about 10 mins easy walk. The Akasaka area has one of the train stations and it has a row of cheap (Tokyo standards) restaurants. There are offices in the area so the restaurants are busy during office hours but on weekends they are close to dead.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Escapefromthedesert
<Content>Grand building The hotel complex is larger. We took the airport shuttle through bumper to bumper traffic to the hotel front door. The checkin was easy since we had membership. We were in the towers, the bed was comfortable and we loved the bathroom. We had a great view of the city and the park outside of the hotel. The gym had adequate equipment and there was not an extra charge. The grounds were immaculate and very interesting to stroll in your spare time. It was great that there was a shopping mall in the basement. Breakfast was included and was a great presentation. Dining in the hotel was very expensive, as is all Tokyo. Americans would not appreciate the portions sizes as they are very small. The staff was very formal and very service oriented. Is is a great business hotel and I probaly would not recommend for the budget minded. It is a very short wlak to the nearest subway. I would recommend the hotel  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>waterbottler
<Content>A Little Snobby, But Pleasant Stay I tend to stay at this hotel every time I have a business trip to Tokyo.It's very classy and upscale. However, the carpeting on the lobby floor looks very old and moldy with stains.Employees are very polite, and they bow and greet you when you walk by.The rooms are always very nice, although most of the time, you get two single beds in the room. I like the deep bathtub, with the faucet that streams steadily at a set temperature.The only issue I had at that hotel was when a particular hotel manager was very rude to me. I don't think that the manager like the way I looked, as I look very young, and I was dressed extremely casual. He was very rude to me when I asked whether the front desk can charge my credit card for some cash. He refused to do it, until they realized that I was a regular at the hotel.To this day, when he sees me (he still works there), he is not very polite to me.But other than that, the hotel is very nice, and very convenient.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>kizkouz
<Content>Exemplary professionalism and kindness It was just wonderful to be at Tokyo New Otani Hotel. It is a monument of Tokyo鈥檚 history with its 400 years old garden. But the most striking thing about it, besides a high level of professionalism of its management team, was the legendary kindness of the service personnel. It was so smooth and kind that within the ten days we spent there, we felt just like at home. If we have to go back to Tokyo, that will be the place where we would go and we highly recommend it  
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cherry_blossom_23
<Content>Enormous HOtel in an Enormous City I only stayed one night at this hotel and was pleased with the accomodations; it was above average but nothing spectacular. The bed in my room was huge like someone had put together 2 full size or 2 queen size beds. My problem with this hotel was the size. It was enormous. It seemed like you walked across a mall to get to the restaurant of your choice. I had dinner in the Chinese restaurant (buffet) which was VERY mediocre. I do not recommend it. The breakfast was better but it is hard to mess up fruit, dry cereal and pastries!  
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>DenverTravelGirl
<Content>Elegant Hotel, expensive dining       Room  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>TottenhamEngland
<Content>the new otani was great We stayed at the New Otani for 3 nights from aug 4 to 7th, We was in the Main building and the rooms have just been redone and they are fanastic, The Hotel is very Big, but all the staff were very helpful and all spoke good English, But the most important thing you must do if you intend to stay at this hotel, Is to go on the Hotel website and join The New Otani Club, This is free of charge and it gives you a nomber of perks, which can include. free upgrades, free Internet access, Free breakfast, Frree entry to Pool, You can not lose with this card, Tony, wendy, Emma 17 and Tom 14  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Loud1Canberra
<Content>No personality The Hotel is very large and has little personality. The rooms in the tower are comfortable but nothing out of the ordinary for a hotel of this rating. It seemed to take forever to get from the rooms to many of the restaurants or other entrances. Breakfasts were great and the view from the 40th floor excellent. It is close to the subway and bars and restaurants. One amazing plus was to see Mt Fuji from my room!!  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>Japanafan
<Content>Home from Home I have been a regular visitor to Tokyo for more than thirty years andtried something like fifteen hotels before I settled for the New Otani as my home from home. Normally, I prefer to avoid large hotels and this really is a big one, as others have said, more like a small town than a hotel.The clinchers for me are the New Otani's seamless service, the marvellous Japanese garden and the reasonable room rate. Every time I get off the airport bus and a bell boy runs to get the bags I know that I will be looked after as well as in some of the world's most expensive hotels. Many of the staff call me by my name when they meetme in the corridor, something that is not common in many other hotelswhere I have also been a regular.I am amazed to read some complaints on TA about the attitude of some members of staff. I do wonder if some guests appreciate that Japan remains a different culture from the West. For example, raising your voice is considered very rude indeed and causing an employee, particularly a junior one, to loose face will ensure a sudden drop inservice from anyone who observes this. As in most circumstances in Japan, a smile and an apology for being a nuisance will get you a great deal further than will a loud complaint.My main worry about the New Otani is that when the refurbishment is completed there will be a dramatic increase in prices and I won't be able to stay there any more.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>SusieLondon
<Content>Don't stay at Otani for its facilities This place is a rip-off. We chose it for the great facilities promised on their website. When we arrived we found out that the outdoors pool is only open between the 20th July and 31st August and the during one week in May. In order to use the indoor pool and sauna, one had to go to an exclusive spa in a different building and pay 20 Pounds fee per person and day. Staff was rather arrogant and not very well informed about, e.g. getting to the airport. Compared to other hotels in Tokyo and Japan, the atmosphere is cold and unfriendly, especially as the New Otani is located in a maze of shopping arcades.Views of Mt Aso? They were blocked off and you could only catch a glimpse of it by entering one of the Otani's expensive restaurants.As for the Japanese garden, it is nice, but surrounded by high-rise towers, which spoils the atmosphere. We also couldn鈥檛 find the supposed 400-year-old Ninja castle in the garden. You are better off visiting any of the other gardens in Tokyo.Overall, The New Otani is a hotel for Japanese upper classes and politicians and not well-suited for holidaymaking.Akasaka as an area is conveniently linked with other areas by underground, but it is expensive and offers little itself.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	3	4	3	1	3	

<Author>cbym
<Content>Stay again ? probably not ! I have found some issues while I was staying 4 nights at New Otani Tokyo last week :- Limo Bus : It takes about 1 hour and 50 mins from airport to the hotel as it goes to Okura Tokyo Hotel first which locates the other end of Akasaka. Normally, it takes about 1 hours and 15 mins to the hotels at the T-Cat, Ginza and Tokyo Station. - Check-in : When we got off the bus, we found there's no one came to help us take our luggages (2 pieces per person) from the rough and rocky entrance (1st floor) to the reception (2nd floor). We had applied membership on-line as the advise from one of tripadvisor reviews but there's no membership numbers issued. We queued up at the membership counter next to the reception and looked for someone to ask if we could check-in there. Unfortuately, no one was willing to stop and listen to my enquiry. And I found a guest together with the staff jumped the queue. I grabed a staff and complained about it but he did not understand what is jump the queue, so I proceeded to the reception to check-in and complain it again.The staff did not understand about on-line membership application even I showed him a copy of the email confirmation. He gave me an application form instead. One of the Assistant Manager showed up eventually and received my complaints about the chaos. He gave us his name card and ask us to find him if we need. Room : I had a corner room which locates at the end of the Tower Wing. Its size is different to the normal room (inregular shape) with strange set-up : 3 different styles of cabinets, a huge working desk, a huge armchair places in the middle of passway to bed, TV places on one of the cabinets and on the righthand side of the bed, which I had to turn my head to watch it. That night, I requested front desk to change the room next day, and they promised me to give me a normal room subject to availability. Next day, I called front desk again to ask for the arrangement, but the staff arranged a same room type to me. I asked to speak to the Assistant Manager who assisted us upon check-in but the staff did not know who he is. When I insisted to speak to Front Desk Manager, he explained they had arranged me a different room style but on the same room category. Room size is reasonable, but needs renovation definitely. Bedding is worse : soft mattress, poor duvet, cheap bed linens and smelly pillows. We paid around 1260 yen ++ per day for internet access which is free in most of the 5 star hotels in Tokyo. Location : Yes, it closes to the Metro Station. But we took taxi to the offices, Roppogi MidTown (around 840 yen) and Shinjuku area (around 1500 yen) most of the time. Make sure you ask the concierge to get hotel name in Japanese especially if you want to get off at the Tower Wing entrance. All taxi drivers only knows the Main Wing entrance. We stayed there because most of the corporate hotels are full. I would not stay there anymore unless I cannot book any corporate hotels in Tokyo.  
<Date>May 23, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	1	1	1	

<Author>Paupy
<Content>Very happy with the New Otani My husband and I stayed in a double Tower room and we found the experience to be a very good one. Staff are helpful and polite, the rooms are a good size, amenities are good, room rates were reasonable (for Tokyo) and the location in Akasaka gives you a good base for exploring the rest of the city. Things that really impressed us: * We were able to check into our room straight away despite arriving mid-morning - a real blessing after a long overnight flight.* Ease of travel to and from the airport. The airport limousine bus to Akasaka stops at the hotel. * The hotel gardens - makes for a nice easy stroll for the jet-lagged!* Proximity of the metro station - nearest entrance was just a few minutes from the hotel.* The funky Japanese toilet!The downsides to this hotel were few, and in our opinion, easily avoided:* As other reviewers have noted, the restaurants are uber-expensive, but you'll find plenty of dining options around the hotel (there's a whole street of restaurants, karaoke bars etc right near the metro station less than 5 minutes' walk away). * Our room looked straight out onto the adjoining office building, and we could see people at their desks (not sure if they could see us); but if that bothers you, there'd be plenty of rooms that didn't look onto this.* The hotel complex is vast, which makes it pretty much impossible to avoid having to walk longer than normal distances to get anywhere in or out of the hotel. This didn't bother us, but may be a problem for the mobility impaired.Overall, we had a very good experience here and I would definitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>May 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>bhutan02
<Content>Loved the New Otani Spent 3 nights in the newly removated wing (and would ask for that). Was supposed to get a standard double, but think this was a junior suite. The room was delightful and the bathroom fabulous! Lots of windows, modern furnishings, spacious, with king bed, sofa, coffee table, side chair, reading chair, desk and chair, etc. Bath had a toilet and cute tiny sink in one room and a large sink, huge shower and separate tub in another. Great toiletries! The staff were excellent--helpful with mailing packages, emails, recommendations; spoke good English. Breakfast (included) on top floor of the other tower had panoramic view of Tokyo. Mall adjoining hotel had lots of shops and a few tucked-away non-touristy restaurants. Nearby one could walk along the riverback underneath the cherry blossoms (April).  
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Red_Sock
<Content>Modern Hotel. 400 year old gardens. This hotel is well known in Tokyo (Oh, you're staying at the New Otani. Of course I know it.) and is one of the upper class hotels in the city.Request a room with a view of the city and overlooking the 400 year old Japanese garden. We stayed on one of the upper floors in the Tower, and the view was great. We even saw Mt. Fuji on a clear day.The rooms were nice and clean, if somewhat dated. Service was excellent.The hotel complex is a city unto itself, with a mall, post office, barber shop, art galleries. There are a number of restaurants in the hotel, all of which are pricey. There are other dining options in walking distance.The hotel is in a very nice part of the city, and is convenient to a number of subway lines.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>misplaced
<Content>A Room with a View of Mt. Fuji       front view from window  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	3	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Ilaniris
<Content>Too many problems to enjoy The room temprature was way too hot and the window couldn't be opened. The hotel staff could do nothing at all to change this unfortuante situation. They kept pretending as if they can fix it, but that never happened throughout the 3 nights we were there. We were left to sleep in terrible heat. We were also mistakenly charged double for the internet use (that is 2 X $20 per day) because something was wrong with their system. However, when it was time to pay, they would not cancel the second charge! They said it was too complicated to cancel it on the bill... We also had to wait 25 minutes before they brought a fresh towel to the room. It's not a terrible amount of time to wait but still, not that great when you pay for first class service. The hotel itself is well located but it is still somewhat under constraction and it is very easy to get lost in all the long corridors. In the same neighborhood there are at least 2 great hotels that cost less and are better all around. Next time we'll stay elsewhere.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	4	1	2	3	

<Author>lujain
<Content>Great service at the New Otani My husband and I stayed at the New Otani for 5 nights on our belated honeymoon in March 2007. We booked a standard Tower room on expedia and were quite happy with the accommodations. The New Otani is an old money, elegant, and respected institution.The hotel is located in Akasaka-Mitsuke, close to 2 subway stops and several different subway lines. We found lots of very reasonably priced restaurants serving many different kinds of Japanese food within easy walking distance of the hotel. We particularly liked Jangara Ramen, which serves the prime minister's favorite ramen.The New Otani is massive. We found it convenient to have many services at our disposal. For example, on a couple occasions we bought groceries at the am/pm and/or the supermarket in the hotel and had a picnic in our room. We bought shinkansen train tickets to Kyoto from the travel agency. (This was after we had gone to Tokyo Station and were unable to figure out where to buy the tickets.) We used the international ATM at the post office to withdraw yen. And it was very easy for us to get to and from Narita using the airport limousine bus.Service at the New Otani, like everywhere in Japan, is really good. The staff were extremely polite and gracious. For example, after we stayed at the New Otani for 4 nights, we stored some of our luggage there while we visited Kyoto for 2 nights. We returned to the New Otani for our last night in Japan before our flight back to the States. When we returned to the New Otani, we found that the bellhop had already delivered our bags to our new room.We splurged on the breakfast buffet at the Garden Court one morning and it was quite good. It included some unusual items, like salad and french fries. The garden is gorgeous. The buffet does not include eggs, pancakes, or waffles.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>steviedubai
<Content>It never gets better I stayed there with my wife in feb, all i can say is that we had a great time, what more can i ask for, the service, the location, the view and above all that i really liked the japanees garden which was really fantastic. I recommend this hotel to anyone especialy with children. This hotel really made my stay unforgetable.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>artham
<Content>Good Hotel Close to everything! This is a great hotel for the price. The rooms in the tower are older but good. Great bathroom. Great Shower. Great view from the 20th floor. It is close to subway. Inside the hotel their is a mall with an AM PM that is open very late. Hotel restaurant prices are expensive even though it has 8 restaurants and bar.We never ate at the hotel since there is so many restaurants in tokyo to choose from. We loved Tokyo!  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Hello_Elo
<Content>Great stay       Room with view (evening)  
<Date>Jan 4, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MCMember
<Content>Value for money Stayed 6 nights at the Otani as part of a business trip. The hotel has many lounges, bars, shops and restaurants which make it look like a shopping mall. There are also many weddings which contribute to keep these areas somehow crowded. The rooms in the Tower are reasonably spacious (including a sofa) but their views are nothing special. My stay was split in two because I had business somewhere else in Japan and on returning to the hotel they had misplaced ny reservation resulting in me being given a room in the main building - which was borderline. Internet access in the rooms but wireless in the lounge only, and an excellent Japanese breakfast. Getting access to the restaurants can be a bit of a challenge at rush hour as well.All in all, the hotel is value for money but do not go there if you need outstanding comfort.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>dsnyc
<Content>A lovely, HUGE hotel After staying at two smaller hotels in Japan, the New Otani was a bit of a shock to the system. The Hotel is very large, including a shopping mall, restaurants, and wedding facilities. We had a room on the 38th floor of the Tower which gave us lovely views of the gardens and the city beyond. The room was very nicely appointed, with a large and luxurious bathroom. Only oddity was the carpet -- it was a very bright, abstract pattern.The service was very nice. I was surprised that we had to pay extra for so many services -- including the pool and internet access. The brunch buffet was a little expensive, but it was peaceful to eat it next to a garden and waterfall.I did not love the location of the hotel. While it was only a few block walk to the nearest subway, there was not much of a neighborhood around the hotel.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Dezzydez
<Content>Impressed by the Otani       Lost in Translation  
<Date>Nov 19, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>TokyoBorn
<Content>Great service I stayed at the New Otani for four nights in early November. The hotel is old and does not have anything stylish or contemporary and looks rather dull, but their service was impeccable. The hotel staff were incredibly polite, pleasant, and efficient.My room was on the 22nd floor in the Tower and had a nice view. It was spotlessly clean. It had a king-size bed, a large work/dinning table with a chair, a large sofa, a flat panel TV on the cabinet, an electrical kettle, a fridge, and a safe in the closet. Though I had to rearrange the drinks in the fridge to store my own food, they did not charge me any for that. The room was spacious and I thought was larger than the king-bedded rooms at the Hiltons, Sheratons, and Marriotts in major US cities I have stayed at. They provided tooth brushes and tooth pastes, disposable razors, disposable slippers, disposable hairbrushes, and yukatas (Japanese style pajamas), in addition to the regular toiletry and room amenities. If you need an iron and an iron board, you have to call house-keeping and return the set within one hour. Internet access from a hotel room was expensive (2100 yen/24 hours) and no free Wifi was detected. Room service was expensive, but the portion of the dishes I ordered was pretty generous based on the Japanese standard. Meals at the hotel restaurants were also expensive, but given the great views from the restaurants and their impeccable services I would consider the prices reasonable. If you like French pastries, try Satsuki in the Main building. If you look for cheap eats, try the Akasaka Mitsuke area, to which you just walk 5 minutes from the hotel (exit from the Tower, not from the Main). You can get a map of restaurants in the area from the concierge or you just walk around to see what鈥檚 available.The hotel is located in a nice and quiet neighborhood with good access to public transportation. If you would like to experience the traditional Japanese courtesy, this hotel could be a good option for you. Mind you that the hotel has some designated areas for smoking. If you are sensitive to smoking, you would likely get annoyed by the smell. I鈥檇 recommend that you obtain the New Otani club membership with which you can receive some privileges and services including free continental breakfast at the club room.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>cnchapman
<Content>Great hotel: Get the scoop on the remodel underway I've written previously about the New Otani (see review link in my profile), so I'll focus this update on what is new. As several reviews have noted, there is a remodel underway for the Main building at the New Otani. I had a newly remodeled room and wanted to report on it.The Main building has been undergoing remodeling for approximately 1 year. They are renovating each of the three wings in succession. The first remodeled wing just opened in October. So currently the Main building is 1/3 remodeled, 1/3 old, and 1/3 closed.I booked a superior remodeled room in the Main, but at check-in, it was not available. They upgraded me at no cost to an Executive style Deluxe room! How wonderful! The executive deluxe rooms are both larger than superior rooms, and have nicer fixtures. This was a very nice touch of service.Apart from that, however, I'd like to comment on the features that are common to all of the newly remodeled rooms. First, the rooms have been essentially gutted and rebuilt. This starts with the beautiful new windows (triple pane, floor to ceiling), through the bathrooms (beautiful and efficient) to redesign of the infrastructure (digital TV, well-planned PC/internet workspace). The color scheme has changed from the pastel look of the old rooms to a striking black and chrome style.How about the construction -- does it pose problems? Absolutely none that I observed. There was no construction noise during the day, no mess, no dust, nothing. The closed wing appears to be completely sealed both inside and out. Inside the building, it's been walled off so successfully you wouldn't even know it was there. On the outside it is completely encased and there is no sign of the construction. So don't let it bother or scare you away!The only downside of the remodel, I think, is that the prices have gone up for the new rooms, as compared to the old. The new pricing puts the New Otani into the same price range as Grand Hyatt and other top notch Tokyo hotels. However, with the beautiful new, large rooms, along with its many other positive qualities (location, services, etc), it deserves to be in that class. Note that most of the offers at travel sites are either for the Tower rooms (fine but moderate in age and with less personality than the Main) or for the old Main rooms. If your travel site doesn't show them, you might want to check directly with the hotel's website for offers on the newly remodeled rooms.The New Otani is a very large property, definitely not at all a boutique hotel. But it is a wonderful, convenient, friendly, and now up-to-date (at least in the new Main) hotel. Highly recommended if you want a central Tokyo location with full services.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hotelvet
<Content>Nice service in a very dated, run-down hotel Staff a the hotel are extremely considerate and careful, even by Japanese stadards. It's therefore rather diificult to understand how the hotel management has let the 20th century pass by without updating the property. Room decor and furnishings are from the 1940s, and were probably not even second-class quality when they were new. The Japanese restaurants are top quality but not very welcoming to Westerners arriving on their own (I happen to be a woman travelling alone on business, and generally get reactions of horrified panic when I try to enter---even though my Japanese is pretty darn good). I find the Western food, in contrast to other reviewers here, absolutely revolting. It's that 1960s Japanese interpretation of Western food which features weird combinations (hot dogs on sugar bread; everything covered with mayonnaise, spaghetti with tomoato sauce topped with seaweed shavings, etc etc). The gym has literally not been renovated since 1962----I asked. Yes, the garden is lovely....why not stop and check it out on your way to a nicer hotel?  
<Date>Sep 29, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	3	3	3	4	1	

<Author>HedoCouple
<Content>An expensive but wonderful hotel       Gardens at New Otani  
<Date>Sep 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Carolinne
<Content>No complaints during my one month stay there Having lived at the New Otani for a month I find it extremely positive that I have not one single negative remark about the hotel.Centrally located (right next to subway stations), beautiful gardens (it is a treat to have breakfast everyday with that view) and three options of restaurants for breakfast (essential for one who stays a long time in the same hotel).Service is excellent and that will be my first option in any future visit to Tokyo.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>riojaexport
<Content>great hotel       new otani garden - tokio  
<Date>Sep 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Copernileo
<Content>Excellent Location, Exceptional Service!!! It's true that this hotel is under renovation. And will be so through October 2007. The part being renovated now is the main building so I would opt for a room in the 'tower' if possible. The rooms (at least in the main building) are right out of the 60's so expect that.The staff service was exceptional, as you would expect at a Japanese hotel of this caliber. They were more than helpful to us. This was demonstrated when we lost an umbrella and the bellhop lady came running through the hotel after us to bring it to us. She was out of breath when she got to us! Also, when we thought that I had lost our passports the staff turned the hotel upside down and even the Housekeeping Manager got directly involved! What more could you ask for?What a location! If you walk through the building through the tower, the hotel complex is a short walk away down a hill to the Akasaka-Mitsuke subway station. Here you will have a direct-line connection to Tokyo Station, Ginza, and Shinjuku via the Marunouchi or Ginza subway lines. There is a pleasant park and little lake close by where people fish. Akasaka has many great restaurants in itself.The complex property is enormous. There is a beautiful Japanese garden on site and several very nice Japanese restaurants in the middle of the garden that will make you feel like you are walking back into the Edo period.We'll be back!  
<Date>Jul 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>Filmgal
<Content>Luxury hotel I spent 3 nights at the New Otani in the Tower section of the hotel. The hotel itself is huge with multpile lobbies and restaurants. No problem with check-in and all staff spoke at least some English. Takes a while to get your bearings in the hotel since the complex is so large.Had one room overlooking a street and the other overlooking the garden area. Large, clean rooms and large bahrooms with full bathtub and shower. Pretty central location with easy access to the subway for getting around Tokyo. Lots of closet and drawer space with tea and yukata robes provided. The hotel itself is incredibly expensive and connot reccommend eating in any of its restaurants. There are much better places to eat for reasonable prices elsewhere. Did take part in a private traditional tea ceremony for approx $10 CDN per person which was excellent. Our rate included a complimentary breakfast at our choice of restaurants (one of which serves Japanese breakfast). Several restaurants on the 40th floor for a great view of the city. The main building is due to close at the end of June for repair and will not re-open until October 2007- not sure if the construction noise would interfere with your stay.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>moxie.france
<Content>All around wonderful Everything about the Hotel New Otani was wonderful for us. The staff were extremely kind and helpful; the service was fantastic. The in-house restaurants offered a wonderful selection with great food in fantastic settings. The Japanese and Western Breakfast Buffet was especially good.Our room was on the next to top floor in the tower with wonderful views of the skyline, Akasaka Palace and the hotel garden and pool (closed for the season). It was, impeccable with a great king-size bed; high tech toilet, great bath and lovely tile work.In spite of its size it was a very friendly hotel. The only reproach I have is the long hallway from the main front desk to the tower, but this is to be expected when you consider the size of the hotel.I would love to stay there again!  
<Date>Apr 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Should have been named "The Old Otani"       Smoke Trails from the Air Exchange  
<Date>Apr 29, 2006
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>hmotulsky
<Content>The gardens are truly extraordinary My eleven year old son and I spent three nights here (tower building, garden view), and loved it. The hotel was fine in every way. The Japanese gardens next to the hotel (which predate the hotel by a century or so) are truly amazing in the spring. Worth a visit even if you aren't staying at the hotel, and certainly a strong reason to pick this hotel. My only complaint is that internet access is expensive, and is charged Y2,000 noon to noon, so can be really expensive the first and last day. An alternative: They have a coin-operated computer in the business center. The hotel restaurants are very expensive, as you'd expect. The trick to finding restaurants outside is to leave from the tower entrance, not the main entrance.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great for business I was in Tokyo for about 4 days, in January. The New Otani proved to be an excellent location. The area is relatively quiet, but very close to many restaurants. The hotel staff were extremely helpful and courteous (not what I always find in Tokyo). The facilities were ideal for casual meetings. The Japanese Garden is outstanding. On my last day, stay began to fall, and created a postcard view. When I return to Tokyo, I will definitely return to the New Otani.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>4 Nights in Tokyo! We stayed at the New Otani last August (05) for 5 nights on our way back from New Zealand. We had a double room in the old bit of the hotel (not tower) and it was great. The hotel is absolutely massive, a la Las Vegas hotel size (15 minute walk to your room), but really nice, clean and in a very safe area. It was also a great base for exploring Tokyo. Don't be put off by some of the pictures, it really is a first class hotel. We were provided with fresh Kimono each day and there are tea (plum!) and coffee making facilities in a tiny kitchenette foldaway cupboard thing, as well as a huge wardrobe area, adjacent to the bathroom. We had a nice seating area too, with a sofa and coffee table and there was a desk and chair. The room facilities were, overall, very good and the toiletries of a really good quality.The views of the city, particularly at night, were fabulous and we loved the Japanese tv shows - hilarious. The hotel staff are friendly and speak excellent English, the shops full of expensive clothing and amusing knick knacks and the hotel was, overall, extremely good value for money. One word of caution - don't go to Japan in August. It was absolutely sweltering and very, very humid. However, if you have a journey booked, consider staying at the New Otani.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>New Otani Toky, Great hotel My husband and I just got back from a 5 night stay at the New Otani Hotel in Tokyo. We enjoyed our stay here and would recommend it to anyone. We got a great deal online at Expedia for the flight and hotel together so we thought the rate was reasonable for a Luxury hotel in Tokyo (this was our first time in Tokyo). When we arrived check-in was easy, they unfortunately did not have any king beds left, we checked in a bit later in the day, but that was fine and we took 2 twin beds. We had opted for the deluxe size room which is a bit larger than a standard. We are glad that we did. The room size that we had was good for what we needed but the standard size might have been a tad too small. I know Japanese rooms tend to be smaller than American hotels anyway, so that's why we went with the deluxe. The room was very clean, and that is most important for me. Also, I know some people have had problems with the Main building (this is where we stayed), but we thought the room was perfectly fine - very clean and nothing seemed old or shabby.As usual restaurants in the hotel were very expensive, but this is to be expected. We had only breakfast twice at Satsuki, was pricey but good, and otherwise went outside the hotel for meals.The concierge was very helpful and booked 2 tours for us during our stay. They also provided us with a great map of the area to fing restaurants and other general stores (drug store, grocery, etc).Staff at the hotel was very friendly and we did not find them stuffy at all. The hotel is in a great area and very close to the subway.We liked the New Otani Hotel and would stay there again anytime.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Liked it - better value at other places Stayed here on night and had a good deal of email to catch up on - why don't expen$ive Japanese hotels offer hi-speed Internet access for free like counterpart hotels in America? The fee only was good for 12 hrs and there is no room-to-print email service. To get a print out, one needs to go to the business center where they charge the user AGAIN to get on the Internet and then they want 20 yen per printout page (!). I could not print any of my work email since I route through a VPN and can't get on at a public station. On top of it all, the business center is not 24/7 so consider that if you need access to a computer and/or printout.The room was fine on size (for Japanese-based hotels) and the amenities good.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Compared this hotel with the Akasaka Prince We stayed in this hotel right after our skiing holiday and we stayed at the Akasaka Prince (just across the road) on the same trip but before we went skiing, so you could say we are well placed to compare the two hotels. We knowingly paid a high price for a triple room at this hotel because we knew we would want a comfortable room after skiing. This was exactly what we got, a large 40sqm room (unusually large for Tokyo), well fitted out, with nice furnishings and a picture view of the Japanese garden below, the Shinjuku park in front and the office towers beyond. From the lobby right up to the room, this hotel is definitely one star up on the Akasaka Prince, particularly the beds--which are firmer and have much nicer comforters.My tip is to insist on a room in the Tower because when we called ahead to ask what is the difference, they told us all the rooms in the Main building were about to be renovated whereas the Tower rooms are still quite new. And if you could swing it, request a room facing the Shinjuku area, which has the best view in this hotel. If you have to pay extra for breakfast, then I urge you to do so. They give you a choice of 3 restaurants but by far the most stunning is the Top of the Tower on the 40th floor where on a sunny day (which is quite often between Nov to Feb), you would not want to leave.While the New Otani maybe more luxurious and comfortable, when it comes to service the Akasaka Prince wins hands down--from its concierge, business centre and reservations, all were too willing to please and efficient. In contrast, we felt the staff at the New Otani were a bit aloof. My final tip is this, all double/twin rooms at the Akasaka Prince is 37sqm whereas in the New Otani Tower, they are 27sqm.Since I think both hotels are similarly priced and location wise they are right opposite each other (both are in one of the best neighbourhoods in Tokyo), if it's comfort and luxury you want, then choose the New Otani. If it's service and room size which concerns you then go for the Akasaka Prince (say if you have a child for intance, the 3 or you would be more comfortable at the Akasaka Prince since their double beds are 200cm or 79 inches wide). At the New Otani, you would need a triple room which would cost quite a bit more. We had emailed the Akasaka Prince concierge a bunch of questions on where to go, what to see and where to eat before arrival and when we checked in, they had printed out maps and clear directions in English for each of the places we enquired about ready for us, that's service !!  
<Date>Feb 10, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Better Hotels Available for this money Hotel is well located with a subway station and an abundance of restaraunts close by.The rooms and furniture show signs of aging and an extensive renovation program is underway in one section of the hotel at least. The service was efficient and friendly. The food was edible but not special. I was particularly disappointed at the gym facilities which were quite expensive to use ( Y5000 per session). I prefer the Grand Hyatt.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Colin3160
<Content>Good Hotel but needs updating We chose to stay at this hotel after reading some of the reviews in Trip Advisor. Generally we found it to be a good experience but the hotel certainly is in need of a major update.Upon arriving, we were placed in a room in the main building. The room was pleasant but the furnishings are tired and sadly out of date. The TV was very old and the air conditioning did not function well. The ensuite bathroom was very small and again is very much out of date.Generally the public areas of the hotel are in good shape and of course there are many shops and restuarants in the complex. But watch out for the high prices in the restaurants and shops. They are way above what you find even in highly priced Tokyo!Before arriving, we applied for a Membership card for the New Otani group of hotels. This is a free offer and is supposed to provide members with a number of benefits including free breakfast. When we checked in, we were never told about breakfast. It was only when we asked that we were told that breakfast was not included in our rate. We were not satisfied with this answer and again reminded the front desk that we were club members. One staff member then told us that as members we could get a special basic breakfast (reduced continental) in a special room in the tower part of the hotel. They would only give members the regular breakfast if you paid a much higher rate than we had paid. We found this to be a misrepresentation of their part. ( The hotel website clearly shows a more extensive breakfast). Despite discussions with their senior manager, they would not budge and we were forced to accept their basic breakfast which consisted of bagels, pastries, coffee, tea and juice.Although comfortable, the datd decorating and the breakfast misrepresentaion, detracted from our stay at this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, but tired The hotel is well located, near a convenient subway stop and has a lovely japanese garden. Although my reservation was for a tower room, I was put in the main building (suffering from jet lag I did not realize this at first and then did not want to bother to change). The main building is about to be renovated and it needs it. The room was slightly shabby, the curtains were drooping and the upholstery stained. Although I had a very good price for the room, you still don't expect that from a hotel of this caliber. The room had both terrycloth robes and japanese cotton robes, slippers, hot water and tea, refrigerator, safe and all the amenities. I could not get the internet connection in my room to work. The dining rooms are expensive and mostly have set meals, but there are other places close by. The tempura restaurant in the hotel was excellent and was very accomodating to my vegetarian daughter, which is a challenge in Japan as they want to use fish broth or bonito in everything. In an adjoining building there is a great am/pm convenience store and a Tully's Coffee (similar to Starbucks)which was our favorite breakfast place.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LThomasUK
<Content>good location, yes - but value for money?! I think not... Although the New Otani is well-located (just a 500 metre walk from the metro at Akasaka Mitsuke) and the rooms of a decent size, I have to say I expected more.With the 'standard tower room' at a reduced rate of 拢80 per night (around 楼16,500) I suppose I shouldn't have expected star treatment, but the fact that the room wasn't provided with one single free item - no tea, coffee, even a bottle of water - was a little on the cheap side I thought. Even the most basic business hotels in Japan provide you with green tea bags and certainly would never expect you to pay 楼450 for what initially looked like a complimentary bag of MMs?!! They also nearly all provide free LAN internet access, which is pretty much an essential when you work and travel, but the Otani's flat rate of 楼2100 (拢11) for use of their in-room LAN connection left me slackjawed to say the least.As many other reviews have said, the restaurants within the hotel are very pricey, which isn't a problem with the whole of Tokyo as your backyard of course. However, if you ever happen to be spending Christmas Day in this hotel, be sure to make reservations somewhere else months in advance, or bring a packed lunch. I made the mistake of thinking that, with 11 restaurants, we'd be able to find something decent at a not-too-extortionate price, but it turns out that 楼9700 (拢50pp) for an all-you-can-eat Chinese 'Banquet' in the rather dog-eared, somewhat faded Blue Sky Restaurant was the very cheapest option on offer. Ironically, our last trip was spent at The Park Hyatt in Shinjuku, where a fabulous meal for both my partner and myself in the New York Bar  Grill cost us around the same. I didn't begrudge the cost a bit!  
<Date>Dec 30, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Value  We stayed at this hotel during a trip to Tokyo in December 2005 and were very pleased. The hotel itself is huge and is spread over multiple buildings surrounding a wonderful japanese garden that has been preserved by the hotel.Check-in was easy and quick, and we had our room upgraded at no charge since the room we had initially booked was unavailable. The room was a good size, clean, with a good size bathroom and shower/tub. Bedside controls as usual in Asia, as well as bathrobes and slippers for guest use.There are several restaurants in the hotel, most of which are quite expensive, but we weren't planning to eat there anyway.The hotel is close to the subway, a quick 5 minute walk, and also has a good selection of restaurants and shops in the area to buy supplies, drinks, etc.All in all this was an excellent value in a great location and I would certainly stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>red kop
<Content>the best i knew i was going to a a very good hotel after reading other guests comments,but i've just returned having spent a week in tokyo watching liverpooland i must say this hotel lived up to all expectations+more..the service was superb,the hotel gardensfantastic+plenty of nitelife;in the surrounding areas(akasaka+roppongi hills}we booked trips with sunrise tours within the hotel,1day trip to mt fuji superb +lunch cruise on the symphony another great trip..caught bullet train 3 times no problens as everybody is so helpful..just to make our stay even more enjoyable we woke at 6 every morning to have the perfect view of the tokyo skyline and mount fuji!!!!!!what a brill week!!!!  
<Date>Dec 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Hotel....But More of a Business Hotel The Otani in summary is a very good hotel, good location and good restaurant. However we did have a number of gripes.From a vacation point of view - I would say it is more of a business hotel. The hotel is located in the embassy quarters which is reflected in the guests. The hotel lacked character - one guide book described it as being a cruise ship - and I couldn't agree more.The gym was a tad disappointing - you do have free use of a fitness facility but it is very limited - it contains only one treadmill, 2 bikes and 2 stair climbers. To use the other private fitness facility,i.e. indoor pool and hi-tech gym would have cost in the region of 25 pounds for each visit.The location though good is opposite an area full of hostess / strip bars and lacked good restaurants (although in the opposite direction it does contain a splendid Indian restuarant).In summary a very good hotel but is not one I would recommend for a business trip.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Wonderful Stay in Japan We stayed at the New Otani, Tokyo in November 2005 and it we had a wonderful, unforgettable time. The hotel is HUGE (lost our way several times) but the size of the hotel didn鈥檛 prevent us being treating as very special guests. The staff are gracious, super efficient and simply go out of their way to meet your every need. This was our first visit to Japan and we were overwhelmed by the politeness we were shown by everyone we met and the cleanliness of everywhere we went.We booked through Expedia and got a good deal (flew with Virgin 鈥?they鈥檙e great too). Our room was large (we stayed in the Main building). We had a walk in wardrobe, big telly, desk, sofa, kettle constantly hot, newspaper ever morning, fresh flowers in the bathroom, turn down service with mints in the evening, freshly laundered cotton robe and a towelling robe every day鈥?I could go on鈥?br/>Here鈥檚 a good tip: We booked only 8 days before we were due to travel. After reading other Trip Advisor reviews regarding the New Otani Discount card, we applied online for one each through their website. Naturally, there was no way that these cards would arrive at our home address within a week. I emailed the hotel directly asking if we could simply use a printout of their email confirmation instead. They sent me a prompt and courteous reply informing us that 鈥淵our cards will be waiting for you at reception on arrival鈥? And indeed they were! Now that鈥檚 service. The card is worth getting 鈥?there are many benefits, but the two we found most useful were the waiver on some service charges in the hotel restaurants/bars and the free breakfast (beverages, juice and pastries (In the Tower - great morning view of Tokyo). The hotel has many, many posh shops and they are dear, but window shopping is fun! The restaurants and bars are expensive, too. As this trip was my birthday treat, we did eat and drink at the hotel on occasions, and we nearly feinted at the bill, but the experience was worth it.The service we received was faultless. Tipping is not expected; indeed the concept is not really understood. But you will really want to provide a tip 鈥?not feel obliged to give one because you feel you have to, as with some other parts of the world鈥?br/>I can鈥檛 comment on the gym and pool as we never used them. I have nothing negative to say to say about the hotel. If forced, I would say that it was a bit 鈥榙ated鈥?but I heard it was due for a facelift. But, regardless, the New Otani is Fantastic.Recommend this Hotel? DEFINITELY  
<Date>Dec 13, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LondonBob
<Content>My favourite village! The vast New Otani is more like a village than a hotel. With 1,500 rooms, dozens of shops and restaurants and one of Tokyo's best Japanese gardens, it would be possible to spend the rest of your life there if you could afford it. Room rates are very reasonable but eating in the hotel is not cheap. There are much better value restaurants within a five minute walk, although I like to eat at the hotel's Trader Vics at least one during each stay.In the last decade I have spent total of more than 100 nights at the New Otani and have never found service to be less than excellent, with the standard of English spoken by the charming young women on reception better than in the vast majority of Japanese hotels.For me the perfect start to a day in Tokyo is to breakfast in the coffee shop that overlooks the garden, followed by a stroll to see the hundreds of giant Koi at the foot of the waterfall. Yes, the hotel really does have its own sizeable Niagra!It was brought home to me how much I like the New Otani when, a few years ago, I was unable to get a room and had to stay across the road at the Akasaka Prince, a perfectly good hotel but not in the same class as the New Otani.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel, good location, good faclities A great hotel in lovely grounds. The rooms are as you would expect and some have good views of Tokyo. The shops are the usual designer stuff but it does have a post office, bakery, news agency, drugstore, and a travel agency in the hotel.A good location in Tokyo, the Metro is really close (use the covered underground walkway most of the way that means you don't have to cross any roads to get there) and provides good access to both East and West of the city and Akasaka has a good mix of restaurants, bars, and coffee shops.I would stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>patmoffett
<Content>excellent - would stay here again Well placed on the Ginza line that'll take you from the shrines and markets at Asakusa to the nightlife of Shibuya. The limosine bus from the airport picks up and drops here so it makes getting there as easy as using a package deal.Hotel bars and restaurants were pricey - but a 5 min walk takes you to the centre of Akasuka with loads of choice - cheaper than the uk for good quality food. There is a fridge in the room for keeping anything ou bought from the supermarket. The garden is lovely and great to have a retreat to hand in such a busy city. I read on here about joining the Hotel club - it's free, but takes about a month for the card to arrive - if you do this you'll get entrance to small breakfast lounge with a view of Roppongi and Fuji - well worth it.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>4FamilyMan4
<Content>Luxury hotel but very expensive Now this is luxury! One of the nicest rooms we've ever seen. The rooms are hugh, clean, modern and comfortable - lots of nice toiletries. This was a really comfortable place to stay. The location is more for business travellers rather than tourists but the location is nice, safe and not too far from the tourist spots (about 2 to 3 metro stops away). The hotel did seem a bit impersonal to us - for example the help desk seemed keen to sell their guided tours to us but did not help us much to plan our own trips. Don't get me wrong - the staff are not rude at all - just less helpful than the previous Kyoto hotel we stayed in. The restaurants and shops in the hotel are really expensive - and I mean really expensive. However, there are loads of shops and eating places near the hotel. Overall a really nice hotel but very pricey (as Tokyo generally is).  
<Date>Oct 31, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>khw225
<Content>Huge but Luxurious Now this was a really luxurious place! Bring your Corporate Amex, though 鈥?the place is as expensive as it is beautiful. In fact, avoid the restaurants in the hotel area altogether.My room was gorgeous, with all the latest amenities. Especially the electric kettle with constant hot water was much appreciated. The bathroom had a nice large tub and was squeaky clean. Hairdryer, coffee maker, slippers, bathrobes, etc.High-speed internet access is free only through the corporate package.I was in the Tower, so I had a great panoramic view. On the flip side, the place is so big that it takes 15 minutes to get out of the building.For breakfast, there are actually several restaurants to choose from, with Japanese and Western buffet choices, including items cooked to order. I watched them fix omelets with chopsticks 鈥?apparently I鈥檓 easily impressed.Location is ok, close to two metro stations but not in any of the actual tourist zones. This is probably an advantage, though.Service was great. They even rose to the challenge of getting me a converter for a Swiss 3-prong plug.Unfortunately, AC broke during my stay, but when I told them that I would prefer to stay in this room, they fixed it immediately.The only disappointment was the spa. Pool access is very expensive, even for hotel guests, and we didn鈥檛 find it worth it just for a quick swim. All in all, this was a great place to stay, and I would love to come back if I can afford it.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SmileDoc7
<Content>Large hotel room! My husband and I stayed at the New Otani from October 15th - October 19th of this year. We were well pleased with our room, a large (by Japanese standards) king-sized bed, seating area, dressing area with walk-in closet. The staff at the hotel were amazing, always there when needed. The food at the hotel was good, except overpriced. Several nights were spent in the bar at Trader Vics where most drinks cost at least 1900 yen. But they were good! One night we ate there (we've eaten at one in Atlanta) and it was good, but portions very small. We did eat the breakfast buffet in the main hotel twice, also good and a big variety. Our room was in the main building which is older than the tower, but still very nice. Very convenient to the subway station which made it easy to get around. The hotel sent our luggage to the airport as we were traveling to another destination with just a couple of smaller bags. This was very inexpensive. To store 2 large bags for 3 days only $54. My husband was having a conference there, and the conference rooms were large and roomy. A couple of conference meals were good too. Overall I totally recommend the Hotel New Otani.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mobert
<Content>Staff made us feel like old friends My wife and I just returned from a 10 day trip to Japan which included a 4 night stay at the New Otani. We loved this hotel. The service was more than just efficient. They made us feel like old friends and went out of their way to help us have a good time. Had a room in the Tower which, although a little smaller than those in the main part of the hotel, had outstanding views of the Tokyo skyline and the 400 year old garden on the property. Other advantage is it's closer to Akasaka and the subway station. Joining the New Otani Club (register online and it's free) gave us access to a complimentary continental breakfast each morning. Japan as a whole had a level of hospitality and graciousness I have never seen in either North America or Europe. The New Otani was definitely part of this tradition. Can't wait to go back to Japan and will most certainly stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>good choice The service was impeccabble and the room was always clean.We stayed there for a total of 6 nights, 2 different times and 2 different rooms. For convenience of getting to the subway, stay in the tower. The views were really amazing and the garden was lovely.Another great thing was the you could walk about 2 blocks and find 3 avenues worth of great restaurants, restaurants and clubs--at every price range--be sure to ask the concierge for a map of the area.Tip: book on expedia or Hotels for best rates.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bagoda1
<Content>Above Average, But Not Much My wife and I stayed for 3 nights. The location is not great for tourists. All of the tourist zones require either a cab ride or a subway ride, although 2 metro stations are convenient to the hotel. As for the hotel itself, it is huge. Just getting from the room to an exit takes 10 minutes at a good pace. However it may be worth it if you want a panaramic view of Tokyo. The tower has 40 stories. The size of the hotel also means that it is very crowded. On the flip side, the service was good, from the housekeeping, to the front desk to the concierge. The bed was comfortable and the bathroom was nicely appointed. An english language newspaper was delivered daily. There are numerous restaurants, but they are terribly expensive. The hotel has a pool, but you have to pay extra to use it.We paid about $225 US per night, which was a fair price for the hotel.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Superb with Two Caveats As others have written, a superb hotel with excellent service...especially the concierge. Two negatives are the tepannyaki restaurants on the grounds of the Japanese garden are exhorbitantly priced, which wouldn't have been an issue if the food wasn't superb as well. We ate at Seisen-tei where for $250 USD we would have rather spent $75 at Benihana in the US. Second negative, the hotel is a bit inconvenient to the subway (few block walk across heavy traffic) - they should offer a shuttle service during rainstorms or extreme heat and humidity (and it was).Ask for a room in the Tower with a view of the garden.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Spades
<Content>Even the non-tower rooms are great.       new friends in Kamakura  
<Date>Sep 20, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>dalstonuk
<Content>Huge, but great service We stayed for a total of 6 nights (4 nights, then a break to Kyoto, then returned for another 2 nights) at the New Otani Tokyo in September 2005 and enjoyed it. Although it is not a hip or trendy hotel, it has great rooms (superior room in the Tower was enormous - by any standards) with top views either of the 400-year old garden or the city of Tokyo, is close to the metro and the service is outstanding. All of the staff to a person bent over backwards (er, forwards, actually) to help in every way possible. I had originally booked our first 4 nights through Expedia (at an amazing 拢74/nt rate) but had not committed to the second leg of our Tokyo trip, as I wasn't sure whether we would want to change areas (maybe to Roppongi). In the end, our stay was so nice, we decided to return for our last 2 nights in Tokyo. When I talked to the front desk, they were very helpful and suggested that if I wasn't happy with the best rate they could offer me (with the New Otani membership I got on their website - get one - it's free and you get discounts), I might want to try to get a better rate on the internet, as I had before. They even offered to let me use the manager's PC, as the business center was closed at that time of night!The only complaint I have is the hotel is so enormous that it takes about 10 minutes to walk from the main lobby to the Tower (the metro is closer to the Tower entrance, anyhow) and you have to change elevator banks to get to the Tower rooms. But frankly, that is nothing compared to the many benefits of staying there.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Kiki178131
<Content>An oasis in the middle of Tokyo We were pleasantly surprised witht the New Otani Hotel. We had received a ridiculously cheap rate -- $169 per night -- so we figured our room size would reflect that rate. Not at all! Our room was bigger than many of our past NYC rooms and came with great amenities -- robes, slippers, toothbrush and toothpaste, razors, soaps, etc. We had plenty of space for our two huge suitcases and all the souvenirs we collected over our week's stay. Plus it was spotless. The hotel was sprawling as well. It contained dozens of restaurants (most unfortunately out of our budget), shopping, a pool, a 400 year garden with adorable koi, and many helpful staff members. We also discovered a secret on their website --sign up for the club card. With membership, you are entitled complimentary breakfast (bagels and juice, more than enough to start your day) and free use of the pool (usually over $30). It also had a classy bar and was very close to the metro stop. I highly reccomend this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>worldtraveller68
<Content>Don't understand all the buzz I didn't think the New Otani was that great. There are plenty of other hotels in Tokyo that are less expensive, in a more centrally located area, and have better amenities.I stayed in the Tower and didn't think it was that great. The room was OK, but I didn't think the overall facilities (either the bar at the top of the Tower) or the bar downstairs were that great. To use the workout facility you had to pay ~$50 USD just for the day. Everything else was similary expensive. The hotel is somewhat convenient located to a train station, but to go anywhere fun other than the Imperial Palace you had to take the subway, which in my book doesn't make the location all that convenient.I specifically picked this place because of its popularity index being #3 for hotels in Tokyo, but I was really disappointed. There are a few other hotels that I would have ranked higher than this one.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Great Hotel Having stayed at the New Otani as a child over 36 years ago, I recently returned for a five night stay this past July. While it may be true that the hotel is a bit dated, it certainly is still a grand old hotel. Service throughout this large complex was impeccable; everyone seemed to have a friendly, helpful attitude and I was repeatedly touched by many small acts of kindness. My room in the Tower building had great views of the bustling city below, wonderful linens, and a beautiful bathroom well stocked with high-end toiletries. It was immaculately maintained by housekeeping who seemed to have a sixth sense of when I would be out of the room. The hotel's location is superb; the Akasaka-Mitsuke subway station is a few minute walk (mostly via underground passageway) and provides access to 5 major lines: Ginza, Marunouchi, Hanzomon, Yurakucho, and Chiyoda. The Akasaka district itself has some wonderful dining options including a branch of SushiSei where the remarkably fresh fish and the friendly staff make for an irresistable combination.Yes, prices in the hotel's restaurants, bars, and shops can be high. And I was disappointed that the (great) high speed internet access in my room came with a hefty price tag. But this is a luxury hotel in one of the world's most expensive cities. And there are some tricks. Join the New Otani Club online -- (free) membership provides access to a lounge with complementary coffee, juice, and pastries every morning. Find the AM/PM convenience store in the Garden Court building (part of the hotel complex); you will be glad of it. But if you are going to stay here do not deny yourself some of this wonderful hotel's pleasures. Afternoon tea in the Garden Lounge overlooking the 400 year-old gardens. A drink in the Capri Bar whose amazingly polished bartenders also turned out to be remarkably friendly. And a meal in the revolving restaurant at the top of the Main building. While I've had better Chinese food, and the whole thing turned just a bit too fast for my taste, the views of Tokyo are stunning. A great hotel.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>BryanZ
<Content>I'm torn on this rating   showReview(3653448, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 10, 2005
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>WestCanTraveler
<Content>Grand hotel   showReview(3610354, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 25, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Hotel   showReview(3557642, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 15, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kelvrp
<Content>Elegant luxury; tranquil garden   showReview(3542451, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 9, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>chloeco
<Content>wonderful time at the new otani   showReview(3493520, 'full');   
<Date>May 23, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TCP64079
<Content>When in Tokyo, this is the place to stay!       Hotel New Otani  
<Date>Apr 29, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Got a big room   showReview(3423786, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MissPf
<Content>Wonderful   showReview(3395416, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 21, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>love at first sight!            
<Date>Apr 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JKWD
<Content>Wonderful garden and a town of its own   showReview(2818697, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>honhonTBK
<Content>閮藉唴涓€绛夊湴銇伄銇簝銇勬暦鍦般€?#x201d;   showReview(23024898, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 27, 2008
<Rating>3	4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉囥偅銈恒儖銉?#x201d;   showReview(22855636, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kyoko96103
<Content>搴湌銇屻倛銇嬨仯銇?#x201d;   showReview(21334652, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>tahha
<Content>銆岀銆嶃伅銇娿仚銇欍倎   showReview(21333399, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>4	2	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>銇嬨亹銈?> 銇嬨亹銈?</a> </div>
<Content>钀姐仭鐫€銇嶃伨銇?#x201d;   showReview(21304871, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>銇忋亞銇熴倱
<Content>鏃ユ湰銇尽涓夊銆佽€佽垪銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(21122945, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>macos_around_ze_glob
<Content>Bon hotel, mais rien d'exceptionnel pour le prix et un peu vieillissant   showReview(20503187, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	4	4	3	4	

<Author>銇ㄣ倐銇曘倱
<Content>搴湌銈傞え鍐呫倐銇嶃倢銇勩仩銇ｃ仧   showReview(19733732, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>銈堛仯銇椼兗锛栵紪
<Content>瀹ゅ唴銈傚涵鍦掋倐銇ㄣ仸銈傛皸鍝併亴銇傘仯銇?#x201d;   showReview(19680973, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>incantevole   showReview(19647062, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>e20k
<Content>Un luxe clinquant mais bien situ茅       Vue de la chambre  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Lage   showReview(16611463, 'full');   
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tres beau jardin   showReview(11441193, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Extraklasse Hotel   showReview(11429671, 'full');   
<Date>May 19, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bof a Eviter !!!!   showReview(11395829, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 25, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉涖儐銉儖銉ャ兗銈兗銈裤儖   showReview(19159413, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 12, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent Hotel   showReview(11345748, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel rapport qualit茅 prix 脿 conseiller   showReview(11337450, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Exzellentes Hotel   showReview(11329478, 'full');   
<Date>May 31, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

