<Author>Appreci8life
<Content>Top Hotel, Top Location and Top Staff       You can see how close the beach and McDonald's is. Handy location  
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>JamesMartinez
<Content>Room was filthy I've stayed at the Pacific Beach Hotel in the past, but each year the quality and cleanliness of the room seems to deterioate. This year it appears to have hit rock bottom and I will not be returning. I originally reserved a full ocean view room, but ended up with a partial ocean view on the west side of the hotel which never received little to no sunlight. The room itself was filthy. There was rust all over the shower curtail hangers and bathroom mirrors were old and chipped. The extra pillows which were stored in the closet had a distinct mildew smell to them. This was because they were stored up against a wall which was experiencing moisture bubbles from what appeared to be sourced from the bathroom in the adjoining room. While the staff at the Oceanarium and the valet parking attendents were all very pleasant, due to the lack of cleanliness this will be the last time I stay at Pacific Beach  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	2	4	-1	

<Author>lorraine077
<Content>love the pacific beach stayed oct.14-21.were upgraded to a oceanfront room.this is our second stay at the pacific beach.we will go back next Oct.after having the ocean front room I'm spoilt.the room was very clean,also the maids were very helpful,cleaning our room when we went down to breakfast.they also have a great beauty shop in the hotel.my only fault was the Neptune restaurant,the breakfast was great but the evening meal was terribly overpriced,and not that good.overall we have few if any complaints,cant wait to go back.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>HoldenGreen
<Content>Great Location, Horrible Rooms I stayed at the Pacific Beach for two nights. My travel agent had requested a king bed in the room. When we arrived, the room given to us had two double beds. I requested a king and was told: the only king bed in your catagory was a smoking room. This wasn't satisfactory. So, they then offered me a room on the 3rd floor which the bellman referred to as the worst room in the hotel. It was. It was run down, the tv was broken, and there was no air conditioning on the 3rd floor in the hallways or common areas. They must have forgotten that we had been moved because we didn't receive maid service.The location of the hotel was great. The food in the buffet where we ate breakfast both mornings was actually really good. The staff was friendly, but the rooms were horrible.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	1	3	3	-1	

<Author>Kimberley033
<Content>staying at the pacific beach hotel It was our first time in Hawaii. On Oahu we stayed at the Pacific Beach Hotel. Thethree of us, My husband and ten year old daughter and myself thought it was great. The staff were pleasant and helpful. The room was clean. The lobby was large and decorated nice. You could see into the restaurant where there was a two story fish tank with sting rays and colourful fish. The location was perfect. A block from the Zoo and a good view of Diamond head. We thought the cost was adequate for what we got. When we go back to Oahu we will certainly stay there. I mean there were better hotels but of course you paid more too. We were very happy at the Pacific Hotel. All the tours we took picked us up at the front door. Kim from Niagara Falls Canada  
<Date>Sep 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>aussie_rose64
<Content>we were happy !!!       our room  
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>TimmyB1957
<Content>A very good place to stay We stayed here for three nights, before boarding our cruise. We paid $180 per night, which included all taxes, parking, and a continental breakfast. Based on what we paid for everything else in Honolulu, this was a very good deal.The room was clean, comfy, and had a very good view of the beach. The balcony was very nice to sit out and enjoy the sights. We did not eat at any of the restaurants at this hotel, so I cannot tell you anything about them, other than they looked like they were doing a pretty good business.We are both runners and like to walk, so this hotel was in a great location as far as being within close proximity to good shopping, restaurants, etc. It is right across the street from the beach, which is very nice.If you have kids, you not only have the oceanarium in this hotel, you are within walking distance of the Honolulu Zoo.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>BudgetTravel101
<Content>We loved the Pacifi Beach Hotel We had a great time at the Pacific Beach hotel. We had a partial ocean view room that gave us a fantastic view of the beach - and the city. The room also came with free breakfast. The location was fantastic. We walked around Waikiki. We were steps from the beach! I know that some people have written negative reviews. It is true that the furniture is old and the beds are not the best. But the Pacific Beach is much cheaper than 5-star hotels just down the street. I know that some people expect the best for $150 per night- but remember this is Waikiki. The Hyatt charges $400+ per night for ocean view rooms. This is not a five star hotel. But for Waikiki you get a great view, a great location and good value for the money.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>WoniOz
<Content>Location is great but remember it's only 3 star hotel There is no doubt that the position of Pacific Beach Hotel is just wonderful. Across the road from a nice, slightly less crowded part of Waikiki, easy walking distance to everything and a bus stop close by. The ABC shop was so convenient.I must admit that I was worried about staying here due to some bad reviews but overall this hotel suited our family and I would stay again. (We had been here 3 years ago and were happy to come back).The staff were helpful and happy. ( We were told that this is the only hotel in Waikiki that is owned and run by locals) Check in was easy and quick.The first room we were allocated was next to the lift well and quite noisy so I telephoned the front desk and they found us another room in a quieter location straight away.The furniture is a little worn and the carpet could be nicer but to be honest for the amount we paid (approx AUD$200 per night which included breakfast) in this location I think it was fine. We had 2 adults and 2 teenagers in the room with 2 double beds and although it was not overly spacious it was quite adequate for our family. This is not a luxury hotel and you will be disappointed if you are expecting 5 star accomodation. Our room was certainly clean and the bathroom was clean too. No mold or hair that others have reported.Breakfast was included for us and we really enjoyed the large selection of hot and cold food The staff in the restaurants were so attentive and helpful.The oceanaruim is so impressive. It is a constantly changing delight. A nice way to start the day. The breakfast hours were from 5.30am to 11.00am so we liked that we could be there anytime.For a reasonably priced ,3 star hotel in a great position I would certainly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Javagirl08
<Content>Oceanfront room was so shabby and disgusting I really want to love this hotel but sadly cannot offer a glowing recommendation. I booked here because I knew my daughter would enjoy the oceanarium (and had stayed previously on business; evidently I have short-term memory loss).Pros: 1) the location is awesome - 10 to 15 minute walk to the zoo, aquarium and international market; 2) We had an oceanfront room, with the most amazing view; 3) The buffet was satisfactory but rather expensive (wait, that is a pro and con); 4) Front desk and housekeeping were all friendly - no problems; 5) ABC store in the lobby so convenient (yes I know, there are 5 of those stores on every block......lol) 6) Fridge handy for cold drinks and fruitCons: 1) Our room was positively disgusting - we had to walk around in shoes for fear of catching a gross 'carpet disease; 2) The room was dirty with literally a 4 inch layer of static electricty on the TV - perhaps previously dusted in 1985; 3) The bathroom was small and fairly gross - the shower didn't drain properly and there was dirt and hair in all the nooks and crannies 4) Ah yes, and the bed - I am sure sleeping on a park bench would have been more comfortableI guess for the price, if you don't mind having dirt, and furniture from the 1970's, this place may be for you,  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	5	1	3	3	-1	

<Author>atwied
<Content>We had a great time My family and I (2 adults, 2 kids 12  13) just returned from staying at this hotel, in the Oceanarium Tower, and thought it was great. The front desk were friendly and welcoming upon arrival, at one point I thought housekeeping were storing towels in our room we had so many, and the transport/valet parking guys downstairs were equally as friendly. You can't complain when your cab back to the airport turns up as a stretch limo (at regular taxi rates!). The view was spectacular, especially as we were on the 28th floor and the location was ideal for everything we wanted to do in Waikiki and Oahu in general.If I had to pick a negative point it would be the elevators, they were slow and extremely stomach-lurching.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>KittyHawk29
<Content>OK       Ocean View  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>tuanomsoc
<Content>Accommodating Staff in an Optimal Location My girlfriend and I stayed at the Pacific Beach Hotel for just under a week starting in mid-September 2007. On every dimension, our expectations were exceeded. LOCATION. As you'll read in the other reviews, no hotel can have a better attribute than the Pacific Beach Hotel's location. It's near the east end of Waikiki, placing it near Kapiolani Park (which comprises a good picnic area, a couple of historic sites, the zoo, and the aquarium) and far from the somewhat-more-crime-prone area of Waikiki. It's also near Kapahulu Ave, which is the fastest way to Interstate 1, which they just call H1, probably because the signs call it H1. It鈥檚 also literally across the street (Kalakaua -- the southernmost Waikiki drag) from the beach. It also contains three restaurants, a hot tub (which was empty every time we saw it, except for when we were in it), a pool (same use rate), a mini-mall, and a convenience store. BREAKFAST. The room options are Standard, Partial Oceanview, Oceanview, Oceanfront, and Suite. When we booked through Orbitz, the Partial Oceanview room was about 16$ per day more than the Standard Room. The Partial Oceanview (to which we upgraded) gave us a view of Diamond Head (the huge volcano to the east), the beach, the ocean, and some houses tucked into the side of a mountain that was formed when liquid rock hit liquid water. Awesome. Accompanying this upgrade were two vouchers -- per day -- for the breakfast buffet in the hotel. Ham, eggs and cholesterol-free eggs, bread pudding and bourbon-sugar-cream-glaze-ish sauce, bacon and turkey bacon, pastries, fresh fruits (perfectly ripe papaya and pineapple among them), fresh juices (passion fruit and pineapple among them), and fried rice were all offered daily. The rest of the items rotated, and included various sausages, various potato preparations, pie-filling-covered sweet-cream-cheese blintzes or seafood-stuffed crepes, pancakes or French toast, chicken fried steak, and more. I cannot imagine who would choose to stay in a Standard Room when our experience was the functionally cost-free alternative. SERVICE. We ate at Neptune鈥檚 Garden, which I鈥檒l also review on TripAdvisor. The dinner was fantastic and we charged it to the room because we could. Two days later, when we were packing up to leave, we found a coupon for 50% off of an entr茅e at Neptune鈥檚 Garden when you purchase another entr茅e (note: coupons like this are all over the place; grab a couple of coupon books on your first day and you鈥檒l be pleased.) We handed the coupon to the clerk, who spoke to the manager, who in three minutes produced the receipt from our dinner (from two nights before, remember) and credited our bill for 15$. SERVICE II. Half of the desk clerks are helpful and accommodating. The other half are even better: helpful, accommodating people who also happen to have the ability to search the internet rapidly. I stopped by and asked one to determine in what stores I could find wine from a particular vineyard. When I called down to the desk from my hotel room 15 minutes later, the clerk had a list ready, and directions from the hotel to each. He also mentioned that, although he couldn鈥檛 loan out a wine opener, he鈥檇 be happy to open a bottle at the desk if we didn鈥檛 have an opener.GOOD TO KNOW: ELEVATORS. The four elevators operate with old software, meaning that they are occasionally all within a floor of each other at the top of the building -- and you have to wait for probably two minutes. That happened only a couple of times to us in a week, and we were informed that the problem is much less noticeable when the hotel is any less than completely booked (which it was during our stay). GOOD TO KNOW: INTERNET. If you have a quick internet question (e.g., directions to somewhere or a phone number), call the front desk. Your alternative is the business center. The business center has three computers, all three of which will occasionally be in use (i.e., you鈥檒l have to wait). The business center also has one or two Ethernet ports (if you bring your laptop). Per minute, the former is .25$ and the latter is .20$. If you鈥檙e thinking that that鈥檚 a bum deal, think again; the insignificant difference in those rates make it impractical to bring your laptop to a tropical paradise. In a twisted way, they鈥檙e making your vacation better by making you leave work at home (if charging you a nickel more per minute gets you to leave your laptop home). If you do need to work while you鈥檙e on an island in the middle of the Pacific Ocean, you should know that the hotel does not have a wireless service, nor are a significant number of rooms equipped with an Ethernet port. You can dial up, but the rate is approximately triple the per-minute rate that the business center charges for broadband access on their fairly powerful computers. You might as well just go to the business center to check your email and call the front desk for any browsing questions you have.GOOD TO KNOW: PARKING. Parking is 15$ a day for in-and-out privileges (meaning that you can come and go as you please). Make sure you get your pass before you leave the lot for the first time. We didn鈥檛, and were charged four dollars extra. We mentioned this at the front desk when we paid for the parking pass for the duration of our stay, and they removed four dollars from the total without question. Again, the service at this hotel was truly excellent.SUMMARY: Pay for parking when you get there. Harness the power of the front desk clerks鈥?ability to search the internet. Leave your laptop at home. Enjoy a partial ocean view and a free breakfast every day. Find a coupon for and enjoy your meal at Neptune鈥檚 Garden. Figure out what you鈥檙e going to do and when you鈥檙e going to do it BEFORE you go (see my review of O鈥檃hu). Stay at the Pacific Beach Hotel.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Herway1981
<Content>NIce Location, Disappointing Hotel I stayed in Honolulu for a week for my honeymoon, this hotel was me and my husband last stop. We had the pleasure of staying at the Hale Koa for 6 nights and 7 days, and left there to stay at The Pacific Beach for one night.I only booked them because my new husband likes aquariums and they have an Oceanarium in there hotel. That is the only thing they had going for them (my opinion). They did not do Room Service, if they did, they had no Menus or nothing so you could order, The room was shabby, the carpet was psychodelic, I wish I had pictures to share, I did not get any of the carpet, It had like 3-D pictures of fishes and starfish underwater?? something like that. The Receptionist told me at Check-Out that the carpet has been there, but has been cleaned reguarly since the mid to late 1970's. It looks that way.The room was terrible. It needs to be more thoroughly cleaned. They did give my husband and I breakfast buffet vouchers to eat breakfast for free. The breakfast was ok?? Not as good as the other hotel I had stayed at, for a cheaper price. This hotel was an ok stay, I will never stay again, luckily it was only for one night, which was our last night in beautiful Hawaii.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>2	3	1	4	1	3	1	2	

<Author>We-Travel-The-World
<Content>Nice View but Need Renovations       View of Waikiki Beach from the 16th Floor  
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	3	3	3	

<Author>bears1950
<Content>Fair Room -Great Breakfast Looked up this hotel through Trip Advisor before we stayed at this hotel. The hotel was essentially as described. The rooms were a bit beat up and the carpets were stained. The price was average if the room was in better condition. Would probably not stay their again. The breakfast was very good but a guest should eat on the second floor. The hotel caters to native Japanese visitors and their cuisine is served on the second floor. However, standard omelets, etc. will be custom prepared by a chef in the second floor buffet area. The first floor dining area is OK but not as nice as the second floor area. The dining area is adjacent to a very large indoor aquarium that is beautiful to observe while eating.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	2	4	4	4	

<Author>diver2011
<Content>The worst front desk experience I ever had. Very Bad Attitude I travel quite often for business! I can say this is the worst experience i ever had with the front desk staff! The guy misinformed me about the breakfast being included with the rate and instead of apologizing to me he started this bad attitude towards me! I called the manager and he was even worst. They had only one soap in the room! so if you needed to take a shower you have to transfer it there! They wanted 3 dollars/day plus tax to use the electronic safe inside the room! I dill never recommend this hotel to anyone!  
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	3	1	1	-1	1	

<Author>HumbleTXtraveler
<Content>Ick! I would definitely Not stay at Pacific Beach again!!! I carefully considered ta reviews before booking this property, and at the time I booked, the majority were positive. Unfortunately I must agree with a recent booking noting how dirty the room is. We checked in to 7th floor, beach tower today and I can't wait to check out! A hotel does not have to be 4-star for me. Just clean and comfortable will pretty much do it, unfortunately, this one was filthy! Unknown stains and spots covered the carpet. Grime, some of which was easily removed with an antibacterial wipe I had with me, was all over the coffee maker, outside the microwave, and all over the light switches. I could go on, but don't think it's necessary. All the lovely views in Waikiki are not worth the filth and finding hair all over the tub!!!  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	1	3	3	3	

<Author>arqueen
<Content>Would not go back My family stayed at the Pacific Beach for three nights in February. My kids are 7 and 10. I was not impressed at all. Sure, it's right across the street from Waikiki, but there must be some better hotels. My first reaction upon entering the room was - EEEEEEWWWW!The carpet was threadbare. The fixtures were rusty. Everything just seemed dirty and worn out. The whole place needs an upgrade. I was afraid to let the kids touch things! Charging for the use of the safe sucks too. They know you have to use it, what a rip!Oh, and don't eat breakfast in the hotels in Honolulu. I don't know about other hotels, but it was $18.99 per person at Pacific Beach. HELLO, McDonald's is across the street.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	3	1	3	4	-1	

<Author>AnniversaryPair
<Content>We'd Definitely Go Back to Pacific Beach - from Washington State Travelers My husband and I stayed at the Pacific Beach for 7 nights to celebrate our 35th wedding anniversary. We had a partial ocean view on the 10th floor. We could sit on our lanai and see the ocean. We were skeptical after reading some of the reviews. But here's what we found: the hotel was clean and everything in our room worked well. We had a mini refrigerator which was great for cold drinks and sandwiches. They also supplied a coffee maker, iron  ironing board and hair dryer and fresh beach towels every day. You can rent a safe for $3 a day which we chose to do. We had a king size bed which was comfortable. It's more than adequate - unless you're looking for a luxury hotel. The breakfast buffet which is free with the partial ocean view was worth it. They had everything you could imagine for breakfast. The hotel was very convenient - literally a walk across the street to the beach and all tour shuttles stop at the hotel. Our only complaint was a very busy hotel so the elevators were a bit slower during certain times of the day. Alot of travelers from Japan and Australia stay here. For the $ you can't beat it.  
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>daviesl
<Content>Fantastic Location We have just got back from staying at the Pacific Beach for 7 nightsThis hotel was fantastic for value, the location was brilliant less than 2 minutes walk from the beach and shopsThe only downside was that the rooms could do with a bit of paint and redecorating, but it didn't really bother us as we were only sleeping there and spent all day on the brillint beach lapping up the Hawaiian AtmosphereI would deffo reccommend the Cheesecake Factory for a fantastic well valued meal and the Cheesecake is to die for.Enjoy  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cyndyrae
<Content>Loved It!!!!! My husband and I took our first trip to Hawaii the end of February into March of this year 2008. Decided to stay in Oahu because of all the action. Took one day trip to Maui, could not wait to get back to our Home Pacific Beach. This was a perfect place to stay. The room was an OK room, but how long are you there? The view from our deck was great. We bought the included breakfast at the oceanarium. Could not have been better. The staff was very pleasant and the valets called for our transportation when we needed it and could not have been nicer. The ABC store attached was a great place to get souveniers and needed items and the little coffee shop/pizza cafe outside the hotel was a perfect afternoon get a way. The greatest thing was the location. When you came down the elevator to go to the beach or out onto the street you just walked right out onto the street without having to go thru the main lobby. The beach was right across from the one way street. There was a beautiful Catholic church just two blocks down the street.My husband bought a newspaper every morning at the front desk after breakfast and there were two ladies waiting to book any excursion you wanted. Very helpful. Sometimes I read reviews from some people who are so rude and complaining about where they stay. But the Pacific Beach claims to be a 3 star hotel not a 4 or a 5. You know that when you book the hotel. The room was always clean and comfortable. But the best thing about this hotel was the location. We could not have been in a better location. Only one block from Dukes statue, one block from the free shuttle to Hilo Hatties. We had a wonderful vacation and I left a little bit of my heart in Oahu, HI. We may go back someday. The plane trip back to Ohio is tasking,but when we go back Pacific Beach will be where we stay.  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>leticiateliz
<Content>Loved it!       View of Pacific Beach Hotel from the water  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>TheMonz
<Content>Were we ever pleased with pacific beach WOW! What a great stay my husband and I just had at the Pacific Beach Hotel. The staff (even the maintainance staff) werealways giving us a nice aloha or how are you. The front desk staff were pleasant and one little lady was in training and although she made a slight error her supervisor was right there to fix it. The room 1523 ocean front was great. The carpets are fine by the way. It looked like floors 4 and 5 were getting brand new carpeting as well. Back to the room...It had a little sink, fridge and makeup area. The king bed was as comfortable as home. The cleaning staff were very efficient. This hotel is a must for folks who want the best priced ocean front view on waikiki. We used the internet special for $220 per night and that included $200 dollars at the neptune restuarant. The food at the neptune was ok... To be honest I would say that the prime rib and seafood buffet dinner downstairs was far, far better. The food prep and taste was great!!!! I got my hair done by monica at the salon and spa on the 4th floor and it's one of the best hair cuts I've had in a long time. I didn't try the spa but maybe next time. There is no doubt we are going back to the Pacific Beach next time we visit Waikiki which by the way can't be soon enough!!!!  
<Date>May 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>fussy_princess
<Content>Average stay We stayed 5 nights at this Hotel Staff were friendly and polite, we had a room in the tower. Great veiw of the beach and the mountain..However, the bathroom is small, the room was not a bad size but the carpets where really stained, marks all over the walls, furniture is outdated and completely scratched, beds where hard Ceiling must be made of paper, could hear everymove from the room above.On our last day, former employees from the hotel spent the whole day protesting in front of the Hotel (they did warn us this was going to happen) Still very loud and annoying The pool was closed for upgrade, and very small was well, could not swim at the beach on our last day as there were box jelly fish present, so it would of been nice to use the pool.Do hire a car and drive around the Island, get out of Waikiki.Buffet for dinner was good, and the oceanarium is a great feature  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Robin4
<Content>What a dump! My husband and I just returned from Hawaii and stayed one night at this hotel. Upon our arrival at first glance this hotel seems very nice. Once you focus your eyes though you notice the couches in the lobby are extremely dirty and feel as though they are made of plywood with no padding.We were comped the room by our airline due to overbooking. If I had to pay for this room I would have been furious. We were given the handicapped room and the furniture looked as though there had been a nascar/wheelchair race in the room. The wood was splintered on some of the furniture. And it was very outdated. I will say it seemed to be somewhat clean and we did have an ocean view. The food at the dinner buffet was very good with all you can eat crab legs.The food at the breakfast buffet in Neptunes was horrible. But that is usually expected with any buffet.Overall, I would never stay at this hotel on purpose.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>MinnesotaTravelgal
<Content>Best Hotel for the Money on Waikiki       Best view from my lanai  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>tooters111
<Content>One of our best vacations!! My husband and I stayed at the Pacific Beach Hotel March 7-15th and really enjoyed our stay. Our rooms were cleaned up every day and I would have to say that one day I left the safe open by accident and we had over $800 in the safe and my jewlery and nothing was missing!!! I could not believe this and that would be one of the reason I would not hesitate to recommend the Pacific Beach hotel. The staff was very friendly and it was so easy to get to the beach, the ABC Store!!! and lots of local restaurants. I had read some reviews that said they had problems with the elevators and we had none. The motel did not seem to me to need any updating as other people have stated and this property was worth the price. Thank you Pacific Beach Hotel for a wonderful 20th anniversary!  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>tytan
<Content>Who could ask for anything more? My wife and I have had the privilege of staying at the Pac Beach many times in the last twenty years.The people there go out of their way to make sure your stay with them is a pleasant one, and I would never consider staying anywhere else.Cross the street to the beach or walk a block back and catch The Bus to Ala Moana shopping centre to do your shopping., it's just central to everything that you would like to do.Start your day off with breakfast in the Oceanarium Restaurant ( the food is great) or try one of the other restaurants that are within easy walking distance of the hotel.Fresh towels are supplied daily for your use on the beach, and they even supply complimentary sandals. Every room has a safe in it, so you can feel comfortable knowing your valuables will be where you left them when you get back from the beach. I know it鈥檚 impossible to please everyone, but for the average person which I consider myself to be, it meets and exceeds any expectations that I have ever had. It will be hard to imagine considering staying elsewhere on any return visit to the island.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Littleloohu
<Content>Love Love Loved PBH Pacific Beach hotel was awesome! Check in was quick and pleasant. I loved this hotel because it was just steps from Waikiki beach, and had everything you could want within walking distance. Every single staff member was friendly and helpful!It happened to rain everyday we were there for a week, but we were happy because the hotel is large and has stores inside, including a few jewellery stores, some little clothing/ souvineers stores, and an ABC which we went to a couple times a day. Very friendly people. I reccomend a lady named Choo, with Pleasant Holidays, if you want to book any tours, she is so helpful and knowledgable! She will load you up with coupons to all sorts of places. This desk is also located in the lobby in the Pacific Beach Hotel. Also, I urge you to take a Circle Island Tour, its around $80 if I remember correctly, and we had a tour guide by the name of Kao who absolutly made it an incredibly fun day! He is a lot of fun, jokes a lot, sings (Very well I must say!) .. very good guide!The hotel room itself was fine. Some complain its too small, but I don't have a single complaint. The shower was wonderful, beds were great, house keeping was good... actually preferred this hotel to the 5 star Westin that we stayed at in Maui. I never ate at the restaurants or had the buffet, but next time I will. The large aquariam is really a sight to be seen! Beautiful! Elevator rides were quick, I read a review that they had to wait for a long time but it seemed just fine to me. Hot tub was great, pool was too cold for my liking, but who needs a pool when you are a few seconds away from one of the most beautiful beaches in the world!? Lots of shops close to this hotel, and its a great price, probably the best value in the entire area. We walked to the Honolulu Zoo and really enjoyed that too. One more note: If you stay in Waikiki, take a short ride to Hanauma Bay to snorkle, it was the most amazing experience!!! The water was calm and beautiful, and even if you swim like a rock, you will float effortlessly in the Hawaii waters! The fish were abundant and swim within inches of your face, if you dont have an underwater camera, you will want to buy one!  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>yorway
<Content>Pretty On The Outside To qualify the following comments.We stayed in this property three years ago, for three days and had a very nice experience.This time... not so hot.We booked a partial ocean view room and that's what we got.The room was tired and needs a full refurbishing.The carpet was filthy. The first thing I did was go out and buy a cheap pair of sandals to wear around the room.Our first couple of days were fairly uneventful as far as our accommodations were concerned. On the third day I was preparing coffee from the in room coffee maker. I picked up a mug and noticed coffee stains in the bottom of it. I wiped them out with a Kleenex.We went to the front desk and informed them of our findings and asked that the mugs and glasses in our room be replaced with clean ones every day. They assured us that this would happen. It didn't!One of our glasses had a flaw on the bottom, the same glass was in our room for our entire stay.When leaving our room one morning we saw the maid cleaning another room and she was rinsing out the mugs and glasses in the bathroom sink.We had a water leak coming out of the bathroom exhaust vent , which was not working, that soaked all of the towels and flooded the bathroom floor.We called the front desk and they sent maintenance men to our room. After determining that the source of the leak was from the floor above they were on their way, after assuring us that housekeeping would be there soon to clean up the mess.It took two phone calls to the front desk and forty-five minutes to get someone to clean the mess so that the bathroom was usable. It didn't help that my wife was sick to her stomach at the time.Another experience was the reservations an their Shogun Restaurant.My wife phoned the number for the restaurant and got a message that the staff were busy at that time and to leave our room number so that they could return the call. We waited an hour then decided to go out to another restaurant for dinner.While airing our grievances to the manager we were informed that the Shogun restaurant had been closed for four months. After encountering another problem, which was not entirely the hotels fault we asked to see the manager of the hotel.We got very little consolation from him other than to say he was new and he knew that there were problems.On the bright side.The hotel staff were very friendly and courteous, even if most of them seemed to be running on Mexican time.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	3	2	3	

<Author>weed1939
<Content>Stoll to the beach It was just a 2 night stopover from Australia to New York. Although we couldn't access the room until 3 pm it was worth the wait. Room was spacious with a real hawaiin theme on decor. It was lovely to receive the traditional lei when we arrived. Our room was around 16th floor with excellent views of the ocean and could see the swimmers and surfers from room windows. Just down the hall was a balcony where you could see 180o sweep of the beach.The restaurant although busy provided excellent and efficient service and prices reasonable. The ocean acquarium is a great attraction which you cannot miss as it is a huge 3 story structure 52' long and 32 ' wideand hold 280,000 gallons of seawater and is 26' deep. Bottom windows are 7 thick. Very relaxing watrching the sealife. A diver also feeds fish at various times.Reception area is very good and all check in is smooth. Staff are very helpful with all aspects of tourism. The shuttle bus to/from airport is on time and we got a good overview of Hawaii from the driver.Walk out the ground floor exit past a few retail shops and you are on the main beach area, a few steps more and you are on the beach front.It is entertaining to walk the length of the main beach area during the evening with all the fire lit lighting. Ample eating and souvenir shopping at your finger tips.We enjoyed the 2 night stopover so much, we looked forward to the stop over again on the way home from Orlando/L.A./Hawaii to Sydney Aust.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>faithh
<Content>the best thing is the Location       view from our room  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Weins_Wife
<Content>Perfect for the price!       From our 15th floor corner ocean front room  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>yankee_girl_08
<Content>Great view - so so hotel We stayed at the Pacific Beach hotel on our way to Maui. We were lucky to have an ocean front room and the view was amazing! The rest of the hotel was a bit of a disappointment. The rooms definitely need updating: our carpet was stained and the bedding needs improvement. There was also an unpleasant mustiness to the hotel. Overall it was okay but i am so glad we spent the majority of our vacation elsewhere. i would not stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	5	2	3	-1	-1	

<Author>Wrk4Vacations
<Content>3rd visit, Loved it This is the 3rd time we have stayed at this hotel. Each time we have enjoyed it and each time we seem to upgrade to an even better room. The location is great, right across the street from the beach, the staff at the front desk and cleaning staff are friendly and helpful. Our room was on the 8th floor ocean front on the front tower. WOW what a view! With such a view we decided to enjoy our private sunset one night and so we ordered room service and ate on our balcony. It was delivered in about 20 minutes from our order and was really good food. We ordered the catch of the day. They gave us each two very large pieces of fish. Very tender.I have read that the elevators are slow, they seemed average to me. However, I must say that we did meet some nice other guests while waiting for the elevators. Everyone is pretty friendly when they are on vacation! All in all it was a wonderful stay.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	-1	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>catbox4_3
<Content>Great location We stayed at Pacific Beach Hotel Jan 18  19, 2008 while enroute between BC Canada and Kauai. Our original motivation for booking 2 nights in Honolulu was to give ourselves a chance to see the Arizona Memorial.By the time we took the milk run airport shuttle to the hotel it was nearly midnight when we arrived. We were starved after a long flight. We were shocked to discover that the hotel does not offer late night room service, nor is there anything nearby (we do NOT count Macdonalds as acceptable dining). The front desk clerk gave us very sketchy directions (twice) to a restaurant that we never did find over the 2 days that we were there. We wasted an hour walking around and around looking for it. Being remote country dwellers we didn't even think about ordering delivery... By the time we finally found a cruddy little convenience store where we purchased some very questionable looking sandwiches, it was well after 1:00am. We picked up some guide books while on our walk and discovered that all the Arizona or Missouri tours started really early in the morning. After a long day of flying and then not getting to bed until 2:00am we scrapped that idea and never did make it to the Arizona.As far as the hotel goes, it was acceptable but fussy people could probably find quite a bit to complain about. 5-star it is not. It's somewhat dated and in need of some basic maintenance and upkeep (water stained bathroom walls, old carpet etc.). Basic housekeeping was good: the bedding and towels etc. were perfectly clean. We had requested a king and got 2 queens, but we were too tired when we arrived to complain as it really was not a big deal to us.Partial ocean view gave us a view of the beach from our balcony. Granted the view was wedged between our building and the highrise next door, but we got several nice rainbows to witness and we looked at the surfers doing their thing through our binoculars. One nice thing was that our floor, the 32nd, had a viewing balcony at the end of the hallway for a more unobstructed view of the beach, plus the opposite view available on the open fire escape balcony. We were able to take photos of both sunrise and sunset by using these 3 vantage points.The location is excellent. Literally across the street from the beach. Because we'd missed doing the tour we had wanted, we spent our free day shopping, and lounging on the beach. It is even an easy walk to the International Marketplace. 2 restaurants nearby worthy of noting are Cheeseburger in Paradise right across from the beach and a Mexican place (La Cucaracha I think?) about a block away. The Mexican place has huge and delicious portions.I would not recommend the hotel restaurant . We had breakfast there and the buffet was over-priced, several hot items were cold, and they did not replenish the buffet as it was used. We were there about 8:30am so its not as if it was at the end of the breakfast seating.I must add that the only persons we encountered in Honolulu that were not highly friendly were the shuttle bus driver on our evening arrival and the staff of Aloha Airlines.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>sarahLancashire
<Content>loved it We went to this hotel for our honeymoon last year and it was amazing. we had a sea view room which was worthwhile, not only was the view great but we had loads of space. The staff were all really friendly to. The breakfasts made the trip though, they were amazing, dont think i've ever eaten so much!  
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>YellowandBlue
<Content>Disappointed Ocean view room means that you go out to the very extreme corner of the balcony to get just a small glimpse of the water, otherwise you look at the building next door.Avoid room 1011, the carpet is thread bare next to the bed, the shower has mold and the bedspread needs to be washed.We will go somewhere else next time. Paid $169 for the Oceanview Get Up  Go rate. While the quickie breakfast was nice, the room was a real disappointment!  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>JourneyingMan
<Content>The Bloom is off this Rose... When we first stayed here about six years ago we found the property to have been in much better condition than we did this last visit in December, '07. Carpeting in hallways and room was worn and stained. Rooms looked tired and uninspiring. It was obvious to us that it was time to look elsewhere for something fresher. Front staff was perfunctuarily courteous--but unbending when we tried to get a measly 1 hour checkout extension. Bellmen outside, in front of hotel, very attentive however.Can't beat location!  
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	1	2	3	2	

<Author>Shnibb
<Content>Good Enough For Us! My husband and I stayed at Pacific Beach Hotel from December 28th - January 4th 2008. This was our first time in Hawaii. When we arrived we were upgraded to the 29th floor (from the 5th ) and given a partial ocean view which was awesome. Nothing was inlcluded in this hotel which was a bit of a disappointment. We were charged for local phone calls (which my husband refused to pay) as well as the gym would cost us $7 a day and can only be used until midnight of the same day which defeats the purpose of a 24 hour gym.The rooms were outdated but perfectly clean and comfortable. Always plenty of fresh towels and beach towels. The front desk staff was friendly but did not know much about night life in Waikiki. If you visit Pearl Harbour, keep in mind you will have to check any and every bag you have, camera bags, diaper bags, back packs EVERYTHING (we did not know this). The staff member we asked about Pearl harbour at the hotel told us Pearl Harbour was free. It was free if you did not want to see any of the memorials. Pearl Harbour is big bucks if you want to see the USS Arizona and the other subamarines. The bus is cheap ($2 or $4 for a day pass). It took us over an hour to get to Pearl Harbour on the bus.Ala Moana shopping centre is alright but you can find almost all the same shops right on Kalakaua Avenue minutes away from the hotel. But if you must, there are free trolleys and the bus isn't a bad deal either.Beach is beautiful. Couldn't ask for more. We never visited the pool because we didn't need to.Overall, I think we will book this ourselves next time but we will visit Waikiki again soon one day!  
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bambi46
<Content>Loved everything about Oahu My husband and I came to Oahu for our 43rd anniversary. Pacific Beach Hotel was fantastic. Everyone was so friendly. The breakfast buffet was great . We ate at two of the restaurants on site and they were great. We would definitely like to come back again. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.Roger  EllenDemorest, Georgia  
<Date>Dec 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>xjrocket
<Content>Just returned home from Pacific Beach Our family stayed at the Pacific Beach Dec 8 for a week. Very nice experience. I have vacationed in Hawaii every year, and this trip was wonderful as always. I have stayed at finer hotels for much more money, but never received such a deal. Carpets are being replaced at this time, which is desperately needed. Location is superb, not only steps from the beach, but so close to everything we come here for. Service is typical for the area, but still aloha. When I stay at nicer hotels in the area, you get more style in the rooms, but also rude service. The elevators are slow, as others have pointed out, so we were prepared ahead of time. I would strongly recommend for families who want to be in the middle of everything, but not pay $250+ per night to do so.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	3	4	4	4	

<Author>pmschneidau
<Content>You get what you pay for... Just returned from 3 days here w/ wife and 19 month old boy. The Ohana Pacific Beach's location is probably the best thing going for it. The hotel is in a great location on the east end of Waikiki. Just walk across the street and you're on the beach with hotel-provided beach towels. Walk west to most of the shops and popular restaurants. Be sure to hit the newly revamped Lewers Street. Roy's restaurant at the south end of Lewers is excellent. Don't ignore walking east from the Ohana hotel, either. More great beaches, surfing, shops, the zoo, and the aquarium. If you like sushi and want a break from the expensive restaurants, try Run Sushi at the corner of Ohua Street and the main drag by the beach. The sushi was very fresh, the beer was cheap (happy hour), and you have an ocean view (it's right across from the beach). Also, the hotel is right across from Kuhio Beach Park, where a hawaiian music and dancing show is performed free of charge Tuesday through Sunday from 6-7pm.The room we had at the Pacific Beach was very old, and it showed. I'd say the bed/mattress, furniture, toiletries, towels, and general cleanliness were mediocre. There was nothing unacceptable, but everything just looked like it belonged in an old motel. No Heavenly Beds here. Kind of disappointing considering other reviews I read. The staff was friendly enough, but the Front Desk service was just average. The hotel lacked any real atmosphere or personality.I think the aquarium at the hotel is over-rated. It's certainly beautiful and has lots of cool animals in it, but you have to be in one of the restaurants to really appreciate it, and it's kind of awkward when you have to stand next to other people's tables to get a good look and enjoy the view. Speaking of the restaurants, we tried the lower-level one for lunch and it was also just mediocre. My wife and I had the mahi-mahi sandwich - a piece of greasy fish on a regular hamburger bun with lettuce and tomato for about $10 each.Overall, I suppose the Ohana Pacific Beach can be described as a mediocre hotel in a fantastic location. I would not stay there again. Next time I will try to find something nicer, but maybe located a block or two back from the beach to stay at the same price point. Paid $155/night for a partial ocean view.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	2	2	1	

<Author>Rachael13
<Content>Not bad My partner and I spent a week at the Pacific Beach Hotel. We had a partial ocean view room which was great as the main view was mostly Diamond Head and quite alot of the beach. The hotel is opposite the beach and next to tons of shops. It's also only a ten minute walk to the zoo.We didn't receive any discounts on the trolleys but they are easy to find and it's worth going to the Ala Moana shopping centre!The tours desk is very good and they are able to arrange any kind of tour/helicopter ride etc that you want to take part in, but you have to get there quick as their schedules book up fast. The pool is not even worth finding! It took my partner and I three days to figure out that the pool is on the fourth floor of a different tower to the ocean tower we were staying in and when we got there it was crowded titchy and not worth the bother. Oahu nature tours are fantastic as they pick you up from your hotel and there are some great restaurants nearbyWe must have lost half a day in total waiting for the lift. The room service is massively overpriced as is the oceanarium restaurant and the two safes in our room didn't work. However in conclusion. there is so much to do that you don't spend much time in the room and they are spacious, clean, well maintained and the air con is fantastic!  
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>austinsmom65
<Content>Great for the price! Great experience My husband and I went to Oahu for out 10th year anniversay. We had booked a standard room, but they gave us a complimentary upgrade to a full ocean view.. Very nice. Hotel was nice, staff were very helpful with whatever we needed. Beach is right across the street, and everything is within walking distance.The elevator was really slow, but other than that no complaints. We didn't eat at the oceanarium, thought it was a bit pricey, but did have drinks at the bar, and staff was again very pleasant. We visited some of the other hotels, that were in a higher price range and didn't really see what they had to offer that we didn't get at Pacific Beach. Pool not very big, but then again, who needs a pool when you have the beach!Remember when you are visiting Hawaii you are not even in your room that much, but out enjoying all the sites.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>FerryCaptain
<Content>Ok property, service mediocre Stayed here recently for 1 week in Waikiki. The booking was done through the OHANA website that indicates that the Pacific Beach Hotel is associated. On arrival we discovered that the association appears to be loose. They advertise free local calls up to 15 minutes, as well as first 15 minutes free to call destinations in Canada and the US. Not so! They charge for each call, including local. Free In room safe - actually $3.00/day, and no info on free access to the Pink Line Trolley. They also advertise a free airport connector. Nope.We found the service to be a disappointment. While front desk staff were horsing around, not one staff member (including those who walked right past us) offered any assistance. The BELL/DOOR STAFF, however were very helpful, as well as the in house Pleasant Holidays desk for booking tours etc without the hassle of the timeshare pitch.The Oceanarium restaurant was OK, but again service was lacking. On our first 2 attempts to go there for a meal, we stood right at the podium, and again were completely ignored by staff. I am in the passenger transportation business, and my wife is a manager at a 4 1/2 star boutique hotel. We were generally unimpressed by the service provided. The property was clean, and if that's all you want - go for it.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	4	3	2	1	-1	

<Author>Fredrock
<Content>Everything I asked for My wife and I stayed here from Aug 5-11 for our wedding anniversary. This was our second trip to Oahu in 2007. Last April, we stayed in the North Shore at the Turtle Bay Resort and across the way in Waikiki at the Marriott. (please see my reviews). From our Marriott we can see the Pacific Beach Hotel and low and behold our next trip we wind up staying there.I contacted the hotel directly and also made a few request like, higher floors (as Waikiki can get noisey) and a corner room facing the beautifyl Diamond head. They gave me everything I wanted except they gave us two full beds instead of a king bed. But that was alright.The rooms are dated a little but roomy. Much roomy than the Marriott that we stayed in in April. We had room 2666. We had a mini fridge in our room for drinks and fruit. We had one window facing Wakiki beach and our lanai (balcony) faced Diamond Head. It is best to face Diamond head or you'll be facing the city side and look at building all day and night. Front desk was nice and helpful as with the valet guys. There are nice shops in the hotel and the resturaunts are very good. Both restaurants have a view of the big aquarium inside the hotel. Speaking of the aquarium you can see the top of the aquarium form our lanai (balcony).The beach is right across the street. There is valet parking and self parking. Of course most if not all Waikiki hotels charge for parking. Valet was $18 a day and self was $15. Valet was hassel free. The freeway was easy to get to from the hotel. Diamond head is about a 5 minute drive, Hanaouma Bay is about 15 minutes, Kailua/Lanikai beach is about 15-20 minutes, North Shore is about 35-55 minutes away. As I said in my Marriot Reviews, I like to try different hotels like I do in the 9th Hawaiian island, Las Vegas. But I would stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>gsunsetave
<Content>Great Hotel The hotel's location is fabolous, you're right in the middle of all the action on Kalakaua Avenue. You can literally walk out of the hotel and across the street to beach completely unencumbered; (no shoes or towel, leave your room key at the front desk) just go out wearing your suit. Our room was ocean view and we had a great view right across the street from the beach. The room was clean and a decent size although the bathroom was a little small. The staff was friendly and helpful especially the chamber maids.You have to go see the Oceanarium on second floor, its what they're famous for and it is truly wonderful. One downside is the teeny tiny pool. I personally didn't mind because I was there for the beaches, but be warned it's vey small. All in all I would definately recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>DINK'sfromAUST
<Content>Good location - reasonably priced We stayed at the PBH for 6 nights from Sept 2 - 8 2007. We had booked a partial ocean view for $135 pn directly through their website and were upgraded to an ocean view - which basically means higher up - the view was still on the Diamond Head side but very nice. Keep in mind the room price doesn't include tax - about $16 per night. The location is excellent. Some of the other hotels look a street or two away on the maps but the ocean and atmosphere of Waikiki is what it鈥檚 all about so try and stay as close as possible. Waikiki is packed all day and night 鈥?great atmosphere and people watching so stay in the heart of it.The rooms are standard - no frills, but more than adequate. They were cleaned quite thoroughly each day. We didn't use the safe - it鈥檚 an extra $3 per day.We booked quite a few tours with Pleasant Activities in the foyer arcade. Choo basically does everything for you so it takes the stress out. I just had a list of which tours I wanted to do each day and she booked them all and gave us the confirmation slips. The buses pick you up right outside which is handy.There is an ABC store in the foyer arcade (all the ABC's are the same price so no shopping around needed). We had a $20 off voucher for Neptune鈥檚 restaurant which has a view of the oceanarium. I wouldn't go there without the $20 off. It wasn't extremely expensive but the meals were very small. I had two appetisers - both $5 each - one was literally 1 scallop and the other was literally 2 small prawns. Guess it depends on your budget and appetite.We ate in the Oceanariam buffet twice. Its $35 a head but you will see vouchers for 25% off in This week OAHU if you dine early. There is quite a large selection and it鈥檚 nice to look at the fish as you eat their cousins. ;-) There were about 20 deserts 鈥?yummy and a chocolate fountain. Aloha!  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	3	2	

<Author>volleyballnut
<Content>Fantastic Location!!! We just returned from a stay at the Pacific Beach hotel. The location was fantastic and our stay was very pleasant. It was wonderful to walk out of the lobby and see the ocean right there. We had a partial ocean view room and could see a large stretch of the ocean as well as a pretty good view of diamond head.We booked directly through the hotel's website and were able to get the best rate that way. We ate at the Oceanarium Restaurant for dinner one evening and really enjoyed the food and the aquarium.We had a slight issue with the shower control and they had someone up to fix it within 15 minutes!! We found the staff very helpful and pleasant.This is a very nice hotel for people who are looking for a good value and great location. We would definitely go back.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>RGP
<Content>Good value hotel Spent a week there in March. Get an Ocean view room facing West which gives you great views of the sunset. Price includes breakfast buffet which is a good start to the day.Lifts are a bit slow and it is worth going up to go down rather than keep waiting. Pool is little small but the beach is a few yards across the road. Hire a car and drive up the coast and you can find empty beaches.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>HorseyGirlSydney
<Content>Fantastic Hotel We changed to this hotel our Second day into a 10 night stay as our previous hotel was gross. We spoke to very friendly and helpful staff who let us see the rooms before we booked. They were large and spacious rooms. My daughter got ready for her wedding in our king room. The rooms were always cleaned thoroughly and was always nice to come back to after a long day shopping. The views were great. The restaurant in the hotel was a bit expensive but the food was always lovely for dinner or breakfast and in the middle was a large aquarium full of fish. The hotel was reasonable priced for both rooms we had booked to stay in. So we were very happy with our stay.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>virgosf71
<Content>Better than the Sheraton I stayed in NYC! This was my second trip to Oahu and my first stay at PBH. It was better than I expected. Loved my oceanfront room. I didn't expect so much room and the room ammenities was more than I needed. I had a compact fridge, microwave, coffee maker, and small sink to wash my cups. Roomy bathroom, which shocked me. This room was better than the room at the Sheraton I stayed in last year in NYC. Sure the furniture needed updating, but most of the hotels in Waikiki need their furnitures to be updated. Loved the location. Walked out of the hotel on Kalakaua Ave. and there was the beach! I just enjoyed going for my early morning run along Waikiki and Kuhio beaches. With three restaurants in the hotel, a laundromat, ABC store, 24-hour Fitness, Haagan Daz (sp?), and a business center on the premises, who can ask for anything more? I will definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>sciencetiger
<Content>Ok, nice location, but needs to be updated This was an ok hotel. The staff was excellent, very willing to help and give advice how to save some dollars. The restaurants were good for breakfast and the location is great! You are fight on the beach and close to everything.The furniture and carpet is old, and needs to be renewed, but the price is reasonable for Waikiki and its bearable.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Path_7
<Content>Terrible Looks great from the outside, front desk doesn't look too bad either, but the rooms, well that is something different. This hotel needs a major overhall. The first room we were given the panel on the, well i dont know it if was the heating or air intake vent but that was falling off the wall. The second room we were given, well at least nothing was falling of the walls but for the price i was paying i expected a lot more. This looked a very tired and worn out place and it should be renovated or they should drop the price of the rooms. We had a complimentary breakfast vouchers. Lets say you would be better off going out for breakfast, most of the food was warm to cold.Will not stay here again  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	3	1	-1	

<Author>crogirl
<Content>The best location! We were so pleased that we selected this hotel. Not only was it opposite the beach, but the rooms was spacious, clean with balconies and a great view of waikiki!The Hotel offered everything you could want and the restaurant was great for breakfast with helpful staff, good food and variety.The service was excellent and fast. This is an ideal hotel for all ages and types of people and would recommend this for anyone who wants a great holiday in Honolulu.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>eddyy
<Content>Lovely Hotel My boyfriend and I arrived after at the Pacific Beach after over 20 hours of travelling, absolutely exhausted but when we walked into thehotel we woke right up. The decor in the huge lobby is impressive without being pretentious or making you feel out of place. The sofas in there are funky and comfortable too. Plus, when you walk in you can see through to the indoor aquarium which is massive. It's very relaxing to watch the fish and rays swim gently round.We checked in quickly with the extremely friendly reception staff. We were given an upgrade to a partial oceanview room on arrival which really made us feel welcome! We got a room on the 10th floor of the beach tower. First thing we noticed was that the room was huge as was the bed and the bathroom, compared to all the hotels I've stayed at before. I can't see any reason for people to complain about the decor here, our room was bright and in neutral colours - the complaints must be a case of personal taste. The room was also spotlessly clean and nicely furnished. The 'partial' oceanview was great - from the seats on the balcony you could see a large portion of the beach and of the glorious Pacific, so sit eating breakfast watching the surfers! The beach is literally across the road, the hotel is secure and friendly and extremely well staffed. We didn't use the pool - no needwith the beach so close! - or the restaurant - for the simple reason we didn't want to eat so much food! The buffets looked and smelled great and we did mean to try the restaurants but we got so carried away with all the activites on the island we didn't manage to find time for fine dining!There is so much to do on Oahu...or you can just relax on the beach, or walk round Honolulu Zoo - which - in answer to the post from 1st June - is actually quite big and contains a vast array of animals from all over the world - their Savannah section is amazing, and there are also many Hawaiian animals that you just won't see anywhere else.The Pacific Beach is a really nice hotel full of helpful, friendly efficient staff. It's definitely worth staying here.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>stallison
<Content>Nice location-pleasant staff Was recommended by travel agent this hotel. She said the category of this hotel was the same as another hotel further down the road beach front but there was construction impeding the view of the ocean at that hotel. Our hotel had a street between it and the ocean/beach. Easy walk across the street.The room was dated as far as furniture and bedding went. It was cleanand the staff was all friendly. We received tickets or coupons for breakfast each day at check in. Very nice breakfast buffet. We met a couple at the end of our stay that paid for breakfast one day there and said it was $18.50 a person.Our travel agent booked our trip through Blue Sky Tours. I think thismust be something that is only available to travel agents.I would stay at this hotel again. We had a partial ocean view and it truly was a partial ocean view. The neighbors next to us were kids that did not speak english, I believe they were speaking in Japanese.My husband went out in the hall and asked them to quiet down and theydid. That is really the only problem we had.There is a sidewalk that runs the length of the road in front of thehotel between the hotel and the beach that goes all the way down towards Diamond head and loops around and back around a park that is a nice area for running if you are a runner. It goes by the aquarium and honolulu zoo which looks to be pretty small.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>MattyMate
<Content>Great Hotel We loved this hotel with its big rooms overlooking the beach! Desk staff were helpful and were accommodating when we realised that they had only booked us for two nights instead of the three we requested! Internet service was good, except most of the the available terminals were for Japanese customers which I found annoying. The buffet and restaurants were great and the in-house oceanarium was out of this world!!!  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>LucyBDevon
<Content>Convenient location It is classed as a 4 star hotel but it didnt quite live up to this. Although in a very convenient location, right on the beach, it was somewhat old looking and a bit tired. We were originally given a room beside the lifts - we soon asked to be moved! In our new room it was quiet, clean but a bit shabby! Everything worked, shower was good but it just lacked a sparkle! We got upgraded to a free breakfast everyday, thankfully, as I would have been disappointed if I had to pay for it. The food wasnt great so we ate out every night. it was edible just not very tasteful or inviting. Overall it was an ok hotel, but I would opt to stay somewhere else if I ever go back.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>benoSydneyAustralia
<Content>Great 8 day break. My husband and I stayed at the Pacific Beach Hotel in March 2007. We were a bit worried about the condition of the hotel, but need not have been. We stayed in an Ocean Front room in the Ocean tower on the 11th floor. The room was clean and plenty of towels and extras left everyday. The view was great, as everybody else has said, no obstructions , to the left Diamond Head and to the right the Pink Palace and other hotels and great view of the ocean. We had breakfast included which was ok. kept ypu going till the afternoon. Plenty of shops and the international market to brouse in, We found the Huntington and Hart tattoo shop, which was very classy. We bought some excellent Tshirts for gifts. Also Kings Village nearby was fun, both for eating at the Rock Island Cafe and American Tshirt shop. We went to the Hard Rock cafe which both weren.t crowded and cheap. Weather pleasant and not to hot, beach 30 seconds across the road, We hope to go back to Wakiki next year and will stay at the Pacific Beach again.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>29fan
<Content>loved it After reading some of the reviews I wasn't sure what to expect -- place was awesome and the service was fantastic. Stayed on the 14th floor and had great views of beach and diamond head. DONT waste money on dinner buffet, but the breakfast buffet is well worth it.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>onepugluvr
<Content>Great location for Waikiki beach My husband and I stayed their for 2 nights prior to and after our cruise. (** please DO NOT use the waikiki shuttle from the airport to the hotel, although it is only $9:00 per person, it is a rip off. after one hour and no sleep in 22 hours we still were not at our hotel, so we took a taxi for 5.00 to get us to our final destination**) The first two nights we stayed in the beach tower, the room was clean, but definately showed its age. When we returned from our cruise, we stayed in the oceanarium tower on the 35th floor. We had an awesome view of diamond head and the beach (partial ocean tower). This room was also clean, but needed to be updated. We both agreed that we liked the ocenarium tower the best. We couldn't beat the price ( 130.00 per night - web special ), especially over the memorial day weekend. They have a laundry mat  internet service center. They also have a late checkout - extra $50.00 to stay until 6:00 pm. We didn't try any of the restaurants (too pricey) for breakfast, so we went to Mcdonald's which was right next door to the hotel.we definately liked maui the best of all the islands, and will probably not return to waikiki beach. If we do return to waikiki beach, we would stay again at the pacific beach hotel  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Hawaii50
<Content>PBH was great again !       View from our room  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>stephanie60
<Content>Perfect for Families In spite of the reviews I saw on this site, I booked 7 days at the Pacific Beach Hotel in April, 2007 because of the excellent location and beach across the street. Also, the price through the hotel website was many dollars less than anything else I saw. I was prepared for rundown rooms and peeling paint, but in all honesty did not see any of this. Our partial ocean view on the 11th floor of the Beach Tower was well maintained and clean with a great view of Waikiki Beach and downtown Honolulu. We chose not to get the buffet breakfast but got the continental breakfast instead which was included in the price of the room. This ended up being a wise choice as we are not big breakfast eaters and were satisfied with a muffin and a cup of coffee. It also saved us a couple of hundred dollars over the 7 days. The pool was a disappointment, but my 7 year old daughter enjoyed swimming in the lagoon across the street for hours everyday--she (and I) loved the shelter from the waves and the safety it presented. I would definitely stay here again--it is absolutely perfect for families with children--location, location, location!!!  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>melva1292
<Content>Loved being right across from the beach Great service and right across from the beach. Also had a room with a great view of the ocean. Hotel restaurant has a 3 story fish aquarium where at certain times of the day you can watch divers feed the fish. Great location for site seeing and within walking distance of the markets.  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LASCMojo
<Content>Fabulous location, great deal! Highly recommend       View of the mountains from our balcony  
<Date>May 19, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>DebOmega
<Content>Nice Hotel I really liked the location of the hotel. It's across the street from the beach and two blocks from the International Marketplace. Also had a nice view of Diamond Head from the higher floor rooms. I liked the location because the hotels which are more centrally located are in the midst of the hustle and bustle and I don't like that. The rooms are large but need new carpet. They also have a nice balcony, as well as a mini-fridge which is convenient to store cold drinks and flower leis! The staff was great! The buffet breakfast was very good with a lot of selections. It's in the Oceanarium restaurant so you can watch the fish in the huge aquarium, which is fun! The breakfast in the Shogun restaurant is just okay. The selections cater more to the Japanese clientele. If a pool is important, this is not the hotel. They had a small lap pool, but it is on a HUGE sundeck.Deb, York, PA  
<Date>May 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>Aliasfan
<Content>great time, and some great people Ok so I stayed herewith some friends for three days of sun and surf. The place ain't the four seasons people, but the location was awesome. I walked to the beach in less time it took to open a soda bottle. Let me say that the room was showing its age, and its in need of some updating and upgrading. Being that this was the first time staying here, and the first time really on Oahu we had a lot of questions and normally the conciergewould be the ones with the answers but this one ( I swear he was the only one in the whole damn place ) was clueless. I could bare understand him, he spoke sooo fast I think he was on something. Then, I guess he got tired of us so while we were looking at the flyers on the counter he and his buddy walked away in the back and that was the last we saw of them. Pretty sad that they have these people in the front. I guess they don't take it too seriously.Completely different at night, we went to the front desk to ask about places to eat. There were 3 fellas in the front, they were very friendly and all greeted us with a big aloha , and asked how they could help us. One was in training I think Dan was his name and Ricky his trainer. Ricky asked if we looked at the restaurants that they had in the hotel, but we weren't to sure about them. He brought Dan over to tell us about the restaurants. They had the information down to the letter. We also asked about other places nearby, they suggested a few places. They even looked up numbers for the restaurants incase we wanted to call them. These two made our night, if you do stay here, look them up... they were always willing to help.I would stay here again, and hopefully soon. Its not a bad place. just needs some new dressings.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>mtelles2
<Content>Great Location I was pretty scared after reading some of the reviews. We were on the 14th floor and our room was great ,our view was awesome! No you're not saying at the Hilton or some fancy hotel but it was a nice hotel. I have spent more money and stayed at worse places. Our stay was great and would do it again in the same hotel  
<Date>Apr 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>Late-Starter-7
<Content>On the sea front of Waikiki - more than adequate Well - again we were worried about our stay here based on previous messages about this hotel. Again - we were relieved to find the hotel more than adequate for our needs. Right on Waikiki beach in the resort centre. Yes the rooms were a little tatty around the edges but they were clean and comforable. The staff were always helpful. Breakfast was complimentary - a surprise to us which we thoroughly enjoyed. The lifts were not too bad - we never waited more than 2-3 minutes for one to arrive. As for the pool - who needs a pool when you have Waikiki Beach on your doorstep? The rooms also had a safe - bonus! I would recommend this hotel to anyone - value for money.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Hawaii_ManWisconsin
<Content>Nice Stay We (2 adults 2 kids) stayed at the Pacifica Beach for 10 days March 20 -30. I was somewhat afraid after reading the reviews here but we loved it and would stay again. We were in the Beach Tower (the tower closest to the beach) on the 10th floor with a partial ocean view. We really liked it. The view was excellent. The staff was excellent and very nice. The room was average with 2 beds. Carpet was dirty but that is to be expected with a light carpet and sandy feet. Other wise nice room with coffee maker and refrigerator. Water pressure in the shower was excellent. Water was always hot even when I was the 4th in a row to shower. Bedding, pillow, mattress were all good. Each room has a balcony so it was nice to drink coffee in the morning and watch the tourists take surfing lessons. Once you get out of the elevator, it literally is 45 seconds to the beach. The beach in front of the hotel is a nice swimming area. The area next to it is great for boogie boards since more waves. We had breakfast included with our room packagage and it is a great buffet with seating next to the HUGE aquarium which is cool. The in-room safe had a sticker indicating a $3 per day charge but we were not charged at all for 10 days of use. My only complaint is the parking is expensive--- $15 per day so $150 for the trip...almost as much as the rental car. Overall, a very nice stay and I would recommend it and I will stay here again. The front desk said that next month (April) they start a remodel. There is an ABC store right off the elevator in the beach tower and there is an ABC store on every block. This store has everything you need from snacks to alcohol to sandals and it is fairly priced....they could hose you but they don't for some reason. If you need a rental car for only a day or two, there is a Dollar Car Rental right in the lobby so convenient. Next time instead of renting a car for the whole stay and pay parking, I would only rent it as needed from the lobby since some days we didn't use it.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	3	5	5	3	

<Author>azztoyou
<Content>Good Overall Experience       Just your basic room...plenty  
<Date>Apr 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>jodi06
<Content>Great location, great stay We stayed here from March 13 to March 20 this year, and had been worried after reading some of the reviews here, however I took a chance after reading the reviews by Australians, guessing that we have similar expecations. We stayed on the 8th floor in a partial ocean view room in the beach tower, and it was great. we overlooked the beach, from the side of the building. The room had two double beds, was clean and well maintained. The hotel was not built yesterday and there were some wear and tear marks etc, but this is to be expected. I stayed in a 5 star hotel in Melbourne the week before and the level of wear and tear was equal. I choose this hotel for its location opposite the beach as I was travelling with a 5 year old and didn't want to walk blocks to the beach. It was great to just grab a towel and cross the road to the beach, which has a lagoon just perfect for kids. The hotel is within walking distance to everthing and from our room we could watch the torches being lit every night, and the sunset etc. The buffet breakfast included was good, and there was a choice of American breakfast in the Oceanium or Japanese in the Shogun restuarant, lots of choice and I can't really see what there would be to complain about. The pool is small, but again this was fine for a five year old.There is a guest laundry and an ABC shop in the foyer open until midnight.We have decided to take an annual holiday in Waikiki and would stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Kat76Alberta
<Content>Good location - needs a facelift! My husband and I and our one year old son stayed here for 3 nights - Mar 14 - 17/07. The hotel is in a great location just across from Waikiki beach. It's an old hotel (as all Waikiki hotels are) and is in desperate need of a facelift! The decor is old and out of date. The furniture and bedding in the rooms is old and worn out. We were disappointed to be only on the 6th floor so we didn't have much of a view. We were on the west side of the beach tower so we couldn't see diamond head. We went to the Oceanarium restaurant for the buffet the first night we were there to use our 25% discount that comes with the room (you have to be seated between 4:30 and 5:30 to use it - very early!). The meal cost us $80 for the two of us even with our discount - ouch!! It was a good seafood buffet with alot of selection - or so I thought. But a couple of hours later while I was sleeping off my jetlag I was awoken by food poisoning!! So - I would definitely recommend steering clear of this buffet!! I called to the restaurant the next morning to let them know - and the manager handled the situation well - he gave us a free meal in the Shogun restaurant including drinks. This meal turned out to be the same buffet with a Japanese twist (same seafood with sushi instead of western side dishes) - so I didn't eat much and left feeling disappointed!!Overall the service we received in the hotel was good. The front desk staff was friendly and the bell service was good. I did have to call down to have our room made up on the first day as the housecleaning staff came to clean our room in the afternoon and I had to do not disturb sign up as my son was taking a nap.The pool was also very disappointing!! It was very small and there was NO view from the pool deck. Also - there were not many chairs by the pool. I know that you probably don't want to spend too much time at the pool when such a beautiful beach is right across the street - but it's nice to have the option!!Overall I would not recommend staying here due to the out of date decor and expensive restaurants - not to mention the food poisoning!! We discovered a much nicer place just down the strip also across the beach when in search of a more reasonably priced restaurant - the ResortQuest Waikiki Beach Hotel. It has been given an update (in the lobby anyway) and has an excellent restaurant with a large terrace you can eat on and overlook the beach. The pool is right beside the restaurant and is large and equipped with plenty of lounge chairs and a view of the beach!  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	4	3	-1	

<Author>mcvacations
<Content>Great place to stay! We stayed at the Pacific Beach Hotel March 8-12, 2007. The location is perfect! There are so many things to do in the Waikiki area and it was great to have them all so accessible. The hotel was clean, the staff friendly, the Aquarium breakfast was a great way to start the day (it was included in our package) We would definitely stay there again or recommend it to others. Other suggestions: We did not have a car rental and we rode TheBus. We bought the four day pass for $20.00 each and it actually was not a bad way to get around. Sometimes the frequent stops got a little annoying but we went all the way to the North Shore, Hanuma Bay (greatest place for snorkeling ever!), Diamondhead, Pearl Harbor and shopping on TheBus. You really have to make sure you eat at Duke's in the Outrigger. It was a wonderful place.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>brandy07
<Content>excellent My Husband and I recently stayed at the Pacific Beach hotel. Our room was great on the 24th floor. Our view was of diamond head and the ocean. The buffet at the oceanarium resturat was fantastic. I found it quite reasonable for all the variety of food they had. You didn't leave there hungary. We were there from Feb 2nd to Feb. 23rd. We would definately stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lovetotravelOhio
<Content>Awful!!! Was this the motel 6? Don't be decived the outside of this hotel is nice and it is right on the beach with a great location, the inside is nice buy the lobby and the shopd are nice also. the aquarium inside needs a good cleaning, and when you go to your room the wall paper is falling off the walls the lights and crooked and there is a smell. once in the room although we had a great view the bedding was old the bathroom was gross, cabinets were loose it was just crap. i guess we mostly paid for our view and not for a great room. we were in the beach tower. i would not reccomend to anyone. i wouldn't even come to ohau again. maybe to see pearl harbor if you've never been and the sea life park raoyal dolphin swim was amazing but it's really busy here and if you are looking for a more hawaiian feeling and laid back feeling go straight to Ka'anapali beach Club in Maui, this is the place to stay, 10 stars compared to the pacific beach hotel. i would never come here again!!!!!  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	3	3	1	

<Author>kathyUpwell
<Content>Veiw was fantastic Stayed in The Pacific 13th Feb for 10 nights. We had paid for a Ocean front room and we was not dissapointed. We were on the 11th floor. Okay so a lick of paint might have been needed, but overall we could not fault the room. The view from the room was excellent, could lay in bed and see the ocean, what more could you want. The breakfast was included in our price and you could not ask for more. This was our first time in Hawaii and would definately go back again and use this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Ozzies<25
<Content>Bewdiful Breakfast!!       Partial Ocean view  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Singer54
<Content>So So and less We stayed at this hotel Feb 8-17.Arrived very late afternoon from airport after a 9 1/2 flight from Chicago. Ilima was the transfer carrier to the hotel, great job by Cousin Wayne.We received a room on the 20th floor of the tall tower(in the back), no problem. I had our TA ask for a non-smoking room with a kingsize bed. the clerk told us that we were going to be in a room with 2 queens, no problem. We were to get breakfast buffet tickets and when I asked for ours we were told that we did not get them with our package. Which is not what we were told by the travel agent, this was a problem. I was told to call our TA.When we went to our room we noticed how shabby the halls actually were, bad carpet, etc. and it had a really bad smell to my nose. We unpacked and left the room for something to eat and try to stay awake for a few more hours.We discovered when we came back to the room an ashtray on the table in the corner and that this was a smoking floor!!! Too Tired to call after a long day I waited until morning.....I called the front desk and told them that we requested a non-smoking room as I am allergic to smoke....she found us a room on the 26th floor and we moved later that day. Fresher smelling, but not any better for the wear and tear on the room. toilet was hard to flush, looked like it was sitting tilted to the left. the carpet on the floor was worn and stained, badly. the paint on the trim was chipping off..for this we paid several hundred dollars for a 9 nights.I called my TA from the smoking room when I woke up. She told me that all 3 couples that traveled together were to have comp tickets for breakfast. Then she called United Vacations and the front desk. They told her that we paid for a standard room and that everyone else paid for the upgrades, but, that they gave us an upgrade to a partial oceanview when we chacked in. (they did not tell us of this Upgrade) Let me say this, all rooms have partial oceanviews and partial mountain views!!! The breakfast tickets were the only thing we did not get and we were told by the hotel we could purchase the package for our stay at approx. $14.00 each, per day. Believe me the breakfast was good but not $14.00 each, everyday!!!Even the front tower(much more expensive) after going to visit our friends needed a makeover. They really need to clean and freshen all rooms.too bad they are so busy, it will be a has-been hotel soon if they don't pay attention to the upkeep with painting and carpeting and such. I would stay here again if the place were to be given a face lift in the rooms.now the good things: The employees in the service depts: concierge, cleaning gals, waiters, busboys, etc. were the nicest you could ask for, so it kind of made up for lack of upkeep to this hotel. Good Location, Beach outside front door and across the street. ABC stores ( All Bases Covered) everywhere, is what the driver told us.good places to eat up and down the street. Try Teddy's Bigger Burgers down the street and across from the Park. delicious. Cold Stone Creamery for great ice cream treats...leave a tip they will sing for you. Also, Tiki's for drinks and dinner, Coconut Willy's for music by amusing bands and tourist watching ( International Market Place) cheapest Mi Ti's were at Legends, $2.50 each, everyday, and they were excellent. oh and the street vendors at night... go see the artists on the street at night down by IMP. they are fantastic! fyi: Nothing is cheap in Waikiki.what we paid to stay at this hotel and eat in Hawaii for 9 nights, we could have gone to Mexico twice for 10 days each time, all inclusive. Now Mexico is not Hawaii but then again Hawaii is not Mexico either.I have never written a negative review for a hotel in all my vacations. so would I recommend this place....If they clean it up, yes. but when there are so many other places to stay nearby for better pricing and cleaner facilities. I would check on further.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	4	3	2	4	3	

<Author>marytravels1
<Content>a walk to everything I read the reviews on this hotel after i had booked!!!! Then i started to worry about where l was staying, but it was all good,the rooms are tired and bathrooms need renovating but you are hardly ever in your room we had a partial ocean view on the 11th floor it was very relaxing good buffet breakfast included and so close to everything. I would deffinately stay there again, from what l hear most of the hotels need a good overhaul in Hawaii, dont worry about staying there you will have a great time.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>burbs04
<Content>Excellent My sister and i stopped here for 5 days, and i have to say i cannot fault the place, ok its not the Hilton! but you know its not going to be from the price. The buffet breakfast that we got (which was included in the room price) was fantastic it saw us right through until the evening.The rooms are clean and spacious and the bathrooms large and clean. The staff at the hotel were always friendly and helpful. The location of the hotel could not have been better, right on the beach close to all shops and amenities.Unless you are real real fussy you will not go wrong with this hotel, if you are fussy you'll never be happy anyway with where you stay so save your money and stay here to.Certainly going back to Hawaii and most definitely staying here again.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>skyjockeyGodfreyUSA
<Content>Well worth the money We stayed at the Pacific Beach Hotel Jan 8-15, 2007. We found the rooms to be clean and tidy. The housekeepers had the rooms serviced in a very timely manner and if you needed extra beach towels, they were very accommodating. There were very nice shops in the hotel and the ever popular ABC Store was in the hotel lobby. Everything you needed was in the room ie: Hair dryer, iron, ironing board, etc. The bathrooms were quite spacious. You were only charged for the in room safe if you used it. Our package put us in the 17 story Beach Tower with a view of the Mountains and the Ocean. Our package also included the Oceanariam Breakfast Buffet. If you could not find something you liked to eat at this buffet, you are just to picky. The beach was a 30 second walk from the hotel. Everything you could want was within walking distance. The International Market, luxury shopping, souveniour shopping, restaruants, and fast food (McDonalds,  Burger King, amoung other places to get burgers.) Most of the tour operators had busses that pickup us up at the hotel, we did not have to go to other hotels to be picked up.We had a late night flight, and the hotel accommodated us with a hospitality room to use at no charge.We, along with the other 2 couples that went with us would stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Splanky
<Content>Icky! Stay somewhere else. Stayed here for 4 nights because of a convention. The place needs a total renovation. Our room looked and felt like walking back to 1970. The carpets and wallpaper were filthy and tattered. The furniture has been excessively used and is tattered. The bed was hard and old. The bedspread? Original and when was the last time washed?? Ew. We literally had a piece of gum stuck on the headboard. Hello? Maid service anywhere? Dusty furniture, bad TV reception, noisy slamming doors, annoying AC which blasted right onto on the bed. Even the hallway on our 36th floor was dingy; torn and dirty wallpaper and obviously original dirty and tattered carpet. Nary a picture or mirror to be found...oh yes, there was the attractive Fire Hose sign on the wall. Extra charges abound here - safe in the room, local phone calls, internet, food, parking. The parking fee, $15 per day was bad enough, but each day you had to take a new ticket and go to the front desk to revalidate. Ever heard of a sign in the windshield to pass through the gate as a guest? Hard to find anything to redeem this place. We called the first day to see if there were any renovated rooms. The front desk person said, You want to upgrade? I said, No, do you have renovated rooms? He responded, Well you are staying in the newer tower. With that I gave up. I can't imagine what the shorter older tower must look like.The staff were pleasant enough (although seemingly unwilling to understand my desire to change rooms), the location is pretty fantastic. And for that, I guess they get away with all the rest.I would NEVER stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>miley118
<Content>Great palce to stay for the price!       from our balcony  
<Date>Jan 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>waikoloawahine
<Content>Overpriced and Poor Value I recently stayed at the Pacific Beach Hotel for three nights while attending a conference in Waikiki Beach. The hotel was listed as one of the lodging recommendations by the conference.At $185 per night I expected at least satisfactory accommodations. When I entered my assigned room I was shocked at the worn and substandard furnishings. The carpet was well worn and so stained that it could have passed for a two-tone carpet pattern. I immediately returned to the front desk and requested another room. The second room was better only in that the carpet stains were less noticeable and there was a partial ocean view.However, the three nights were horrible because the occupants next door had a young child who had a preference for tantrums at every opportunity. I had to call the front desk twice around 10:45 pm to get someone to tell the occupants to be quiet.Do not stay at the Pacific Beach Hotel. It is overpriced for the poor quality of the rooms. I sent a letter to the hotel to express my dissatisfaction and also to the conference coordinator not to recommend the hotel for future events.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	3	3	-1	

<Author>IslandTravellers
<Content>Overall, an OK place to stay - beach in front the big draw! We stayed at the Pacific Beach Hotel over Christmas 2006/07 for 14 nights. We chose this hotel based on the website pictures and write up.This hotel was overall reasonably good value, but needs a good cleaning , as well as an extensive renovation of the interior.We had booked and paid for an ocean view room. When we checked in at midnight, after 15 hour stravelling to get there, we were given a room by a young girl at the front desk who told us it had a 'great view of Diamond Head'. On arriving in the room, we checked the view and found a 'great view of parking lots and rootftops with air conditioners rattling away'. So off we went to the front desk again to get the ocean view room we booked and paid several hundred dollars extra for. The 2nd room was considerably better, on the 11th floor, with a nice view of the beach from the side of the building. But the room was dated, carpets VERY dirty, plaster peeling off the wall, furniture scarred and scratched, and generally dingy. As well, there is a $3 charge for the in-room safe, a charge they neglect to mention on their website when the list the safe as an in- room feature! This adds up when you're there for 15 nights, and is always included at other hotels we have stayed at.After a good night's sleep, we sat out on our lanai and enjoyed our morning coffee, watching the surfers on the beach. Afterwards we headed downstairs to the breakfast buffet (included with room). This buffet offers hot and cold items, plenty of fruit and a good variety - sets you up for the day. Service in the restaurant is excellent.I wish I could say the same for housekeeping! While the room was supplied with towels and toiletries every day, cleaning was hit and miss, and the last night we discovered the sheets had not been changed and the bed had sand grit in it. The maid had changed the pillowcases and made it look like the whole bed had been changed - nice try!The best feature of the hotel is its location right across from the beach. One minute and you're there! If you forget something, it's shorter to go from the beach to your room and back than to go to the pool. The pool, by the way, is in the shade all day, small and cold. Their elevators are a challenge at the best of times. There are only 3 in the beach tower and these are used by guests and housekeeping/room service/bell staff. Be prepared for lengthy waits. When we return to Waikiki next year, we'll stay in the same area, but not at the Pacific Beach Hotel.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	4	1	2	2	1	

<Author>eilean_donan
<Content>Excellent Value We stayed in the Pacific Beach from 7th to 14th December and thought the hotel was excellent value. All the staff were very helpful from the front desk to the maid service. Our booking was on a room only basis but, because we had upgraded to a partial ocean view room, we were given free breakfast. Most days we ate a big breakfast (The Oceanarium or the Shogun restaurants served breakfast) so we didn't have to eat again until the evening; very good choice and quality. We only ate one evening meal at the hotel, it was very good but expensive for a buffet ($36) but there were discount vouchers available.Our room, on the 33rd floor, was spacious, clean and comfortable with super views. There was a coffee maker, fridge and safe (although $3 per day charge for the safe is excessive). The bathroom was small but the shower was hot and strong and the usual toiletries were provided.The pool was disappointing; very small and in the shade most of the day. However you are 1 minute away from the beach.The hotel is in an ideal position for the beach, shops and attractions (5 minutes from the Zoo) and I would happily stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>a1b22c3
<Content>Okay, but several problems After booking a full ocean-view room, we were disappointed to find that we could only see the ocean from our balcony if we leaned over the railing and looked right. As well, the room was quite small, the furniture well used and paint chipped and the carpet stained. However, after a bit of negotiation with the front desk personal, we were upgraded to an ocean front room at no cost which was a thousand times better. The view was spectacular and the room was much larger and somewhat renovated (the carpets were still stained in places, but it wasn't too bad). So, for future travellers, I would recommend either getting an ocean front room or chance it on getting an upgrade.The cleaning service was acceptable, although the carpets were not vaccummed under the table, where some small chip crumbs remained for the duration of our stay. However, the staff was very friendly, and was quick to supply us with extra towels.The Oceanarium Restaurant was amazing. The huge tank is well stocked with colourful fish and large sting rays. As well, the breakfast buffet which was included with our room was delicious (the items were the same every day, but there was a good variety). The service was excellent and super friendly.The hotel also offers 2 travel agent booths, which is convenient, but if you are travelling on a budget there are much better deals to be found (we rented snorkel gear from a smaller hotel near the bus stop (sorry, can't remember the name which also offered tours and 50% or less of the price offered at the Pacific Beach booths). Also, there is internet available on the 2nd floor at a reasonable rate, especially if you only need a few minutes as other cheaper places require you to pay for 10 minute chunks.We never used the swimming pool; the ocean is right across the street! It was quite small, but never looked very busy, so there would have been plenty of space (in the hot tub as well).Miscellaneous point: the elevators are very slow, so if your tour bus is leaving at a certain time, make sure to take into account elevator time. Other than that, there's really no rush is there?On a side note unrelated to the hotel, avoid booking a helicopter tour with Genesis Aviation. We scheduled a tour for the last morning of our stay and they never came to pick us up. When we called them, we got an answering service. It was very disappointing as it was too late to rebook anywhere else.Overall, the Pacific Beach was a good place to stay (although if we had not been upgraded, my opinion would be different).  
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	5	3	3	4	3	

<Author>Harvsman
<Content>Above Average I stayed at this place way back in mid 2002 for 8 nights with a friend on our first trip to hawaii and thought it was great!First of all we had booked a standard room but when we got there they were nearly full and upgraded us to the 9th floor of the beach tower with a partial ocean view. Room was very comfortable and we had a decent tv, beds etc.One thing you must do whilst there is dine at the oceanarium! The mate i was holidaying with had his birthday whilst there and we went there for it and the service was impeccable and having sharks swimming around in the 3 storey tank whilst dining is an interesting experience.The only thing that dissapointed me was the size of the pool! Very small for a hotel of that size!!! Staff were very efficient and polite!  
<Date>Dec 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Dakota04
<Content>Be careful The building needs renovation. The carpets are stained and dirty. The views were great but it was all downhill from there. The staff acted like they would prefer it if there were no guests. We purchased a package which included some meals, but they refused to honor them. The credit for meals did not include the main resturants and of course the staff did not explain where the correct resturant was located. We even had trouble mailing a package home. The staff could not figure out how to do it so we had to go to the post office. There were times we were trying to walk down a hallway the the staff would have it completely blocked and would not move. We had to go down or up a floor and then back down to pass them. Several times during our stay I heard other guests asking for help on several different matters and the answer was always the same.  We don't do that. I suggest looking at one of the other hotels in the area, I know I would never return.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	5	1	1	1	1	

<Author>rickwal
<Content>Good stay at the Pacific Beach Stayed at this hotel from November, 17th for 8 nights, great location right across from the beach, we were updraded to a partial ocean view room with a great view of the Ocean from the balcony. Room was a little dated but clean and comfortable and was serviced every day. Only used the restaurant for Breakfast which was very nice and plenty of it for $17.95 (there are loads of 25% off vouchers in the various coupon booklets), I would stay here again, the only downside is that there is an automatic $3 charge for the in room safe regardless of if you use it, times this by 840 rooms each day and the hotel have a nice bonus here.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>pjknight
<Content>Good value and location We stayed at Pacific Beach hotel from Nov 8-13. The location is fantastic, our view from our room was great. We had a partial ocean view, but didn't really have any obstructions. We stayed in the ocean tower, the rooms were large but a bit sparse. It could've used a bit more decor. The staff was very helpful and the oceanarium restaurant buffet was great. All in all it was worth the value. We did the get up and go special for $127.00. per night. I would stay again.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>daisy677
<Content>Enjoyable Stay       Hotel Room  
<Date>Nov 15, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Iain1
<Content>Nice Hotel My wife and I stayed here at the end of September and the beginning of October for 9 nights. This hotel is good value for money, we booked a partial sea view room which was clean and tidy. The location of the hotel is great just across the road from the beach with plenty of reastaurants and shops nearby. The only real downside to this hotel is that the swimming pool is small and does'nt see much of the sun.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>holicrazy
<Content>great choice great hotel , only dislike was lower level rooms in beach tower, had view of staff car park from balcony. Diamond Head rooms were great and the atmosphere in the hotel is very pleasant.We have stayed at this hotel on numerous occasions and have always enjoyed our visits.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>OahuJ
<Content>Decent Budget Hotel This is definitely a budget hotel, best for young people out to have a good time and surf, not for families and not for romance.The rates are great, especially since even the partial oceanviews actually have a lot of oceanview and many have a breathtaking view of Diamond Head as well.However, and this is kind of a biggie, the rooms are really not that nice. The inside honestly looks something like a Motel 6, generic carpet, crotchety huge AC with rusting areas, unsafe-feeling little balcony (but the view is awesome from it), an exposed next-to-the-bed safe my 2-year old hit his head on. Granted, the room was clean, but there was the overall impression of falling apartness.The pool is just awful, it's about 30-ft by 8 ft and is located in a bizarre place - to the side of the hotel, where it gets almost ZERO sun a day, the water is FREEZING - I sat there and watched 10-20 people get in, run out and dunk themselves in the Jacuzzi. Next to the pool is a huge sun deck with nothing but bare flagstone and beach chairs - I just can't imagine why you wouldn't put the pool in the sunshine!The spa was just like any corner nail place, and the poolside massages, well that's just a joke. It's a sit-up lounger (like in local malls) in front of the aforementioned dinky, freezing pool.Another drawback is that even though there are over 30-something floors, there are only 4 elevators in each area which means the wait can be over 5 minutes! Also, many foreign tour groups use this hotel so often you are waiting behind 100 tour-groupies to use the elevator.The best thing about the hotel are the restaurants, especially the famous Oceanarium which is really a treat and gets 5-stars - obviously it's not as fancy as Orchid's buffet but it really is nice and the kids just LOVE watching all of the sharks swim by.It's not a bad hotel, just a classic budget hotel, it has a great location and great views as well as fun restaurants, but it's not a place you'll want to spend a bunch of time in, which is fine for most people.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>3	4	2	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>bopeyton
<Content>Great Hotel We have returned from a visit to Hawaii and we had a great time. We stayed at the Pacific Beach hotel on Wakiki beach. We had the ocean front room and the view is to die for. We have been to Hawaii five times before and this was the best stay we have ever had in a hotel there. We stayed twelve days and looked at the beautiful ocean ever day from our room. There was nothing to block our view. We could see for miles out over the ocean. The staff there was very friendly and efficient. I would highly recommend this hotel and I will go back.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>RentAFerrari
<Content>EXCELLENT LOCATION...A little dated We stayed at the Pacific Beach hotel for our honeymoon July 5-12, 2006. We had a partial ocean view (room #1617) that was similar to the postcard view from Diamond Head, absolutely gorgeous! The hotel is a little dated, but nothing worth complaining about. The staff was helpful and accomodating. There's a bellman there, Michael, who was great and had excellent suggestions for places to eat. The hotel is a hub for all the tours, so we never had to go anywhere to catch a tour bus for any of the excursions we did. Neptune's Garden is a restaurant in the hotel where we had the BEST STEAK EVER! Otherwise, the Oceanarium is where we had most of our breakfasts. There were times where there was strong odor of mildew in the restaurant. I think this is something to do with the climate as we noticed it at many other restaurants.All in all, it's a decent room with a wonderful location. We had looked at the Sheraton Surfrider but it cost a lot more. We were quite happy with the hotel, we recommend it and would stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>convert94
<Content>Excellent choice Supurb location directly across the street from a fantastic beach that is like a private lagoon which is protected by a breakwater wall allowing for calm waters to about six feet deep. The hotel is very nice, well maintained with a lovely lobby and fine rooms.This hotel is in a perfect location, all Waikiki activity within easy walking distance yet gorgeous room views and stunning giant aquarium restaurant.Highly recommended and would most definately stay again. The price / quality ratio is outstanding.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>240606
<Content>Exceptional Value       Balcony towards Waikiki - Oceanview - 16th Floor - Part 1  
<Date>Aug 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	2	

<Author>dirod
<Content>Great hotel My wife and I stayed 10 days at the Pacific Beach Hotel for our Anniversary(our first time in Hawaii) and had a great time.Everyone that worked for the Hotel was always very accommodating of what ever we asked of them. We asked for a King size bed in the Beach tower on one of the upper floors and that is what we recieved.The location is right in the middle of all the action and we didn't need to rent a car for the first three days as we easily got around by walking. I suggest that you do rent a car at some point and go up the coast to the North shore as there are many get places along the way to stop and swim or take pictures.We snorkeled at Hanumma Bay (spelling?) and Sharks cove both are definitely worth the trip if that is what you like to do. In closing we would most certainly stay at the Pacific Beach again on our next trip.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gjl381948
<Content>Loved the Pacific Beach Hotel, and the Oceanarium Restaurant!!       Partial oceanview rom with two queen beds  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not a single problem!       View of Mountains from partial oceanview  
<Date>Jul 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>belindai
<Content>Request a renovated room or be disappointed I went with a group for a competition. Our reservations were booked in Oct. 2005 for this trip. Our travel date was June 29-July 6. A week or so before we left for our competition, we got a call that said the hotel had overbooked. They asked us to stary at the Raddison Prince Kuhio the first night we were there and move to the Pacific Beach the next day. I found this odd since we had reservations for such a long time. The Raddison was fabulous. It was disturbing to take a trip thousands of miles from home and to have to go to a room and not settle in for the week. To make up for this, we were given free transport of our luggage to the Pacific Beach from the Raddison (2 of my bags were put into the wrong room and the bellman wasn't real friendly when he had to help me search for them). We were also given upgraded to partial ocean view rooms and a free buffet at the Oceanarium restaurant for everyone in our party. When I saw my room at Pacific Beach, it was nothing like the Radison where the Pacific Beach had put us up the first night. Our room was on the 15th floor of the Oceanarium tower. The carpet in our room was stained and worn, the tile in the bathrrom wasn't pretty grouted tile, but the kind of square tiles they used to put in elementary schools - but not as good as these tiles did not gleam - they were dull and brown. The showerhead wasn't the nice kind in most hotels but a cheap unadjustable flow plastic one that pointed toward the edge or the tub and was extremely difficult to adjust. The free buffet in the Oceanarium was typical buffet food although it sounded more elegant at $34 per person. The Mahi Mahi was dry from being in the serving container too long -- much of the food tasted mass produced. Also, I was never asked if I wanted a second drink nor was my daughter. Service could really be improved in the Oceanarium - I tipped, but now I question why? I would suggest if staying here that you should ask for a room 8th floor or below. I think that our coach stayed on the 8th floor and she said her room was nice. The hallways were drab and institutional looking. Our room had a gold motif, while the hall way had gray walls and gray carpet. Also be careful of the furniture in the room. Our furniture was worn and my daughter got a splinter in her hand from the dresser. The concierge was nice and helped us locate a movie theater. He was most helpful. Mustn't miss: Sam Choy's Restaurant (reservations needed, but worth it) within walking distance of the hotel, Kobe steaks was great. Don't bother with Sunset Grill - they were rude to us about our entertainment book coupon, so we won't recommend them on general principle. Have a fabulous trip.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	1	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Hawaii6
<Content>Great Location, Great Views and Great Value       Room 1024  
<Date>Jun 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>BigEFortSmith
<Content>Great Hotel We stayed at the Pacific Beach hotel from May 6th-May 13th. I thought the hotel was awesome. I had doubts reading a lot of comments on here, but you can't beat it for the price. People talk about the carpet being dirty, well our room was clean and the staff came in every day and cleaned and stocked everything back up. The housecleaners are very freindly and trustful. We stayed on the 33rd floor and the view was spectacular. My wife and I had the greatest time of our lives being in Hawaii. the hotel is located by all of the stoeres and there are plenty of places to eat just around the corner. The buffet in the hotel is alright but after a few days it gets old, just like anything else. If you are on a budget there is a jack in the box right down the way and it is cheap. In fact all of the restaurants are the same price as they are in Arkansas. If you want to have a great time at an affordable price, then the Pacific Beach hotel is the place to go. We are going back in the next couple of months. Have a great time!!!  
<Date>Jun 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome...Great location.....Friendly staff..... Hotel was great. The location was excellent. Staff was very friendly and very helpful. stayed in Partial Ocean View room ... had an excellent view from balcony. Room was very big and extremely roomy. Bed was comfortable. Carpet was clean. Room smelled clean. Everything was in excellent condition. Pool was small but who cares just take about 25 steps and the beach is right there. Accesible to everything. Would highly recommend. Will stay there again and again. Oceanarium breakfast was delicious. Just loved it !!!  
<Date>Jun 19, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>BARU
<Content>Excellent Value Stayed here from 5/16-5/26. Had ff miles from Delta and booked room thru Hawaii Travel Bureau. Had Oceanfront room with breakfast for about $225.00 daily. Has bigtime features with moderate costs. Location is excellent. Clentele is about 60% Japanese and 40% other. Maid service good but erratic as far as time of day and quality day to day. Did use breakfast coupons most days at Oceanarium Rest. but would look elsewhere if paying on my own. Had Entertainment Book coupon for dinner at Neptunes Garden but was somewhat dissapointed. Hostess tried to make me feel guilty because I didn't have reservation even though empty when we walked in. Food was mediocre and too expensive if I was paying full price. Did not try Shogun Rest and did not even see it as it must be on third floor. Pool area is a tremendous waste of space. Huge deck area with nothing going on. Went here once while using the laundry facilities (good). Cheeseburger in Paradise next door (overated) and Tiki's Rest one block away (underatred). McDonalds on corner and Jack in Box and Burger King block away. ABC store downstairs and on every corner. Great view from oceanfront rooms. Tours picked-up from lobby area and bus stop on corner. I though better atmosphere here as compared to more upscale places like Outrigger and Sheraton. Would stay again but look for cheaper pkg without the breakfast.  
<Date>May 29, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>h1mandme
<Content>Nice hotel for first visit to Oahu We arrived in the hours of darkness so difficult to assess the location of the hotel immediately. In daylight, we had a partial oceanview room from the 16th floor and had the Pacific to our left, the Ko'Olau mountains to the right, and a view of the pool directly below our balcony. The room was large with 2 double beds, the only slight downside being the low droning noise we experienced all the time. We weren't sure if this was the ocean or traffic, or maybe the mechanisms of the lift - we were right next to the shaft. Still, it didn't stop us from sleeping.On our first night, we were disappointed by the Oceanarium restaurant, as we had expected a menu to be thrust in our hands. Instead, it was the seafood buffet which was not cheap. Probably very nice if you like all things of the sea, and if you have plenty of money but we found we ate out in the evenings for the rest of our stay. Breakfasts however could be from the menu or buffet style (allyou can eat for US$ 15.50). Make sure you pick up some breakfast coupons from the in-hotel tourist desk, as this saves you about $4 each if you have the buffet between 6am-8am. The Oceanarium restuarant was the only one of the 3 we tried in the hotel, but the massive built-in aquarium kept us amused the whole time. Would be great for travelling with children. Waiting staff were very pleasant, if a little forgetful when it comes to asking for tea with lemon. Be warned: If you are a visitor from the UK, you may find the tea to be very weak, so make sure they leave you a pot of water and a teabag.The patio area by the pool (4th floor) was very big but sadly we could only find 5 chairs/loungers - there were masses of chairs, however, stacked up in the tennis courts - WHY they were not set up by the pool I have no idea. (Maybe the next visitor should raise this with the reception staff. I certainly mentioned it in the Satisfaction survey form.) But being only 30seconds walk from the beach, past a coffee shop and a Haagen Dazs shop, we didn't bother to use the pool or jacuzzi facilities. I think we'd stay here again as the location was terrific and the hotel very nice overall. Perhaps the only thing we'd do differently would be to eat out for breakfast once in a while to save a bit of money, as the meals did turn out to be quite pricey.  
<Date>May 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not bad, Not great       The room  
<Date>May 7, 2006
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Surfrider65
<Content>Great location! Great bargain. While planning my trip to Hawaii last summer, I was lucky to come across TripAdvisor. I researched the site a great deal and came upon the Pacific Beach Hotel. Although it did receive some negative reviews, the majority were favorable. I pulled up their website and it seemed like a very nice place. With the great online price they offered I decided to give it a shot. Being directly across the street from the Pacific Ocean, with no hotel structures separating you from a view of the sand and sea (at least from my room), I can't say enough good things about the location. Especially considering that online price I got for a partial ocean view. The room was very clean from top to bottom, and when I walked into the room, the first thing I saw out the window was Diamond Head. With great ease I was also able to see the sands of Waikiki (without even having to contort my body to do so). I was very pleased.Two of my good friends came in two days later and stayed in a room at the Pacific Beach as well. Their room was equally nice, with the same great view. For the price and the location, we all felt the Pacific Beach was great.  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great hotel this is the third time we've stayed at the pacific beach hotel. the last two times we've had a ocean front room, which have a fantastic view. our room was very clean, and the maid service was great too. breakfast was included, and was very good. although it ends a little early, so you have to get there early. for the rest of the meals, there are tons of places to eat. one i would recomend is about three blocks from the pacific hotel, called perry's on the street behind the hotel. all you can eat breakfast, lunch and dinner for: 6.95-7.95-9.95 and kids under ten, eat free. very good value. all in all our stay there was terrific. and will stay there again. the only down side, is the swimming pool, very small and tucked away in a corner, not very good for kids. but your right across the street from the beach anyway, so who cares. hope to go back soon. stan o.delta b.c. canada  
<Date>Apr 29, 2006
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Value Rooms were clean and the service was good. We would stay again!  
<Date>Apr 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lvpool
<Content>Beach Lover Our family stayed at this hotel from 04/10 to 04/14 this year (2006).We enjoyed the partial ocean view room and also liked the Shogun restaurant. It was a Buffet style restaurant with a limited selection, but it was good enough for us.We felt that the hotel is nickeling and diming to death, since they charge for everything (such as lock, internet access, etc).The poor and jacuzi area were very small and even the fitness center was not free, so we didn't even bother to try. They had a decent service and if the price is right, we will go back to this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Incredible view; Great location My husband and I stayed here to celebrate our 2 yr. Anniv. It was highly recommended by our travel agent for a moderate priced hotel. We arrived early Sunday afternoon (4-2-06) so we knew our room would not be ready yet. We walked around the boardwalk to kill time. It was 3:30 when we checked in. The staff was very friendly and helpful. Our room was great. We stayed in an oceanfront room on the 14th floor w/ a King size bed. (Room 1425) The view was unbelievable. We had a corner room so it was larger than the other rooms. The room had everything you needed to be comfortable including a mini fridge, microwave, coffee maker, wet bar sink, safe and a blow dryer that has a built in night light. Our bed was comfortable and the room temp. can be adjusted to your taste. The furniture, carpet and hallways were a bit dated and a few stains on the carpet were evident, but that was expected after reading previous reviews. Our vacation pkg. included a breakfast buffet every morning. We chose to eat at the Oceanarium every morning. It included your standard eggs, bacon, potato, cereals, breads and some asian cuisine. The best part was the fresh fruit. Coffee was just ok and the OJ was very diluted. Overall, it was nothing to brag about. We did not dine at any of the other restaurants. The location was outstanding. It is right across the street from the beach, which was very nice. (Kuhio beach park) There is a nice coffee shop and an ABC convenient store on the premises. We walked the boardwalk every night to a large variety of shops and restaurants. We asked for a a late checkout on the last day since our flight left at 10:00 PM. The let us leave at 1:00 and we checked our bags w/ the bell desk to take an afternoon tour. To sum it up, we plan to come back again next year and stay at the Pacific Beach again. I highly suggest getting an oceanfront room! We really enjoyed it.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>tina03
<Content>Not terrible, but not that good I had made reservations for two king sized bed rooms together in the ocean front tower. When we checked in they put us on the 15th floor and our friends on the 10th floor. We also got rooms with two double beds in them. They couldn't put us in another room because they were booked. All they said was sorry. So that was pretty annoying to start with. We thought the parking garage was terrible. It was so tight, you couldn't drive down the ramp if someone else was coming. We had never had this problem in any other hotel. Parking was also very expensive at $15 a day. If you park in the parking garage finding your room in the ocean front tower was very hard. A very nice employee helped us get to our rooms when we were lost. The hallways were very dingy and needed a major renovation. Our room was nice. It's strange because the hallway is misleading, they are way worse than the rooms. We had an amazing view in our ocean front room. The room was smallish, but not terrible. The bathroom was tiny. There were stains on the carpet like other people had said. But other than that the room was fine. We never got to eat at the Oceanarium restaurant because it was closed for renovations. We had to eat breakfast every morning at the Shogun restaurant on the 3rd floor. It really wasn't that good. A lot of the food there caters to their Japanese clients. But they did have scrambled eggs and bacon and stuff like that. For the first half of our visit I noticed the fishy smell some people had mentioned. It was extremely evident when we got on the 3rd floor by the Shogun restaurant and in the lobby. The smell was definately from the aquarium in the Oceanarium restaurant. But by the end of the stay I didn't smell it anymore. The positive things to say about this place are, the location is great, mostly everyone there was very nice, the ABC store in the lobby was nice, the view from the ocean front rooms is great, and check out was easy.  This place wasn't totally bad, but we will stay somewhere else next time. We stayed across the street before for less and were way happier than we were with this place. We would either go back there or spend more for a nicer place.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jdthejd
<Content>Great location - not a bad place! We stayed here on our last night in Hawaii. We had already stayed in nice resorts on Maui and the big island and just had 36 hours to spend in Honolulu. I booked the Pacific Beach because we weren't interested in anything high dollar at this point; we just wanted to be in a good location for all the hustle and bustle of the Waikiki area. I was pleasantly surprised because I had expected much worse based on these reviews. Check-in was a breeze with a nice person. The room was not as bad as I expected. The partial ocean view was fine. Shogun Restaurant was awesome - all you can eat crablegs, sushi, prime rib, tempura and everything else that I love for $30pp. If you didn't want to spend a lot, there was McDonald's, Jack in the Box, Burger King, fast food sushi etc. within a block. I did feel like we were a minority because most of the people in the hotel were Japanese but my kids thought it was cool. We did rent a car at the airport and the self-parking at the hotel garage was expensive, but it would have been expensive anywhere in the Waikiki tourist area. If you don't expect the very best and want a great location, I recommend the Pacific Beach.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Honest Evaluation We arrived late in the evening at Pacific Beach , with the anticipation of problems, as I had inadvertantly made a mistake in my reservations. I had prepaid for my stay and arrived two days later than planned thus having to prolong my stay for two days. I explained my situation, and to my surprise all was corrected within seconds, a hand shake, and was told that anyone can make a mistake. This type of service cannot be silenced. Throughout our stay the staff was more than courteous. Granted, the rooms were not that of a five star hotel...but they were clean and spaceous. I am sure that I could have had a better location in the hotel if I was ready to pay for it; however we thought it best to use the extra cash on tours, etc. I recommend this hotel without hesitation. The beach is just across the street and everything you need is accessible and often within walking distance.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Be Careful When Booking We prepaid this hotel and specifically asked for an oceanview room. I called them to make sure that the view was from the room and that you didn't have to go out on the balcony and poke your head around the corner to see the sea.Sure enough when we checked in the first thing I did was wish a flourish open the drapes only to see hotel after hotel window.It was like some weird joke because in order to see the ocean you did have to go out on the balcony and poke your head around the corner.I went down to the front desk and to make a long long story short the manager told me if I wanted an ocean view I would have to pay $40.00 more per night. I paid the extra money but it still doesn't seem right.So traveler beware if ocean views are important to you.Our new room was beautiful and we enjoyed the spectacular views and the close proximately to Waikiki ammenities.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bunitraveller
<Content>Good Location Bad Service We stayed at the Pacific Beach in December 2005 with 6 other family members for 10 days. We had paid for 4 partial ocean view rooms with King beds, on arrival only one of the rooms were this type. We found the lady on the front desk abrupt (it appears others have as well) and not very helpful. However we did end up getting the correct rooms after a few days. The rooms were quite nice. The location of the hotel was fantastic, right on the beach and right in the middle of everything in Waikiki. The pool was extremely disappointing, very small, ice cold and didn't get much sun. I wouldn't stay at this hotel again due to the service.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>grapefarmer
<Content>great value My husband and I stayed at this hotel for 5 nights over Pro Bowl weekend. We'd booked it many months in advance knowing that the football weekend would cause prices to be high and room availability small. After reading many of the recent reviews I was concerned about our choice, but we were both very pleased with the hotel.We'd booked an oceanfront room and ended up getting one on the 15th floor. The Pacific Beach consists of two adjoining buildings; the 17 story front tower and a 38 story tower behind it. Ocean front rooms are in the 17 story tower facing the ocean. The hotel does not sit directly on the beach but instead is on the street running adjacent to Waikiki Beach. Not being directly on the beach means the hotel doesn't get the premium prices some other hotels do, but if you get an oceanfront room I honestly think you're getting a better view than if you were on the beach-you can see the beach perfectly, all that's between you and the beach is Kalakaua Street which is the main street running along Waikiki. There's nothing blocking your view at all, unless perhaps if you're on a very low floor and might get palm tree interference. I actually enjoyed watching people on the street from our lanai, and being as high up as we were, when the sliding door was closed you could not hear traffic at all. It's easy enough to cross the street to get on the beach so that wasn't difficult at all.Weekend prices were $259 + tax and weekday prices were $186 + tax, which for that quality of view I thought was excellent, especially when I price compared hotels up and down the strip for a similar ocean front room and considering the sporting event going on.The Oceanarium restaurant was good food and the view of the fish couldn't be beat. We ate their breakfast buffet once and had lunch there too, decent prices for what was offered. As a comparison, we ate at Duke's at the Outrigger for their breakfast buffet and were disappointed by their smaller selection.We had read complaints about slow elevators, surly staff, dirty carpets, and had no issues with any of those things. We actually kept commenting to each other how overly friendly everyone was, especially because we'd been concerned about what others had written. Being on the 15th floor, we did have a small wait time for elevators, but nothing extraordinarily long, and it wasn't a problem. We valet parked the car every day and it was easy to get and everyone was pleasant to deal with.We went into several other hotels while in Waikiki. The Pacific Beach is not a Hyatt, nor a Hilton nor a Halekulani by comparison. It doesn't make itself out to be, nor does it charge what they charge. The rooms were perhaps a little worn; you get a fridge, safe, extra sink, big vanity area, coffee maker and microwave. It's a great hotel for the price; people were very friendly, food was fine, view was excellent, location was great and prices were outstanding for the comparative value.We highly recommend this and would easily stay there again.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Pleased with PBH       View of wife on lanai...we miss it!  
<Date>Feb 18, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Disappointing My fiance and I stayed at the Pacific Beach Hotel a few weeks ago in January. I had prepaid for 1 night, requesting a non-smoking room, for $180. Upon entering the room we quickly realized it was a smoker's room. When I reminded them that I requested a non-smoking they replied that is a request and we do not have to honor it, but we'll send a housekeeper to change the linens and spray. She came, but never changed the linens (which, by the way had questionable stains on them), and sprayed a deoderizer in the air conditioner and promptly left. The rest of the room had old moldy carpet, the walls in the bathroom were peeling and water damaged. And upon checking out they added another $50 to my bill because they added a room upgrade! We walked next door and stayed at the Waikiki Marriott for $10 more a day for the remainder of our trip and had a beautiful newly renovated room. I highly recommend staying away from the Pacific Beach Hotel. You can find much better for the money.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>samoasal
<Content>lovely hotel...but.... My older sister and I stayed at the Pacific Beach Hotel for two weeks in July 2005. My sister loved the place, but as she is 70 yrs, was happy to rest a lot, and the hotel was everything she needed.We had a room on the 37th floor with a great view across to the beach and Diamond Head. Room Service was excellent, and the staff were helpful and pleasant.... ecxcept for one chap at the front deskWe had booked a particular room number, 3 months in advance and on arrival were told that we couldnt have it as it had been given to somebody else. The front desk guy was very abrupt about it and unhelpful. In fact he gave the appearnance of not being interested one iota that we were unhappy about the situation.The hotel eateries are terrific, and it is a great location 2 mins across from the beach. However, the pool is so very tiny and located in a corner. Kids are left to run riot  bomb you in the water. Most annoying. The front desk incident soured my experience and I wouldnt go back again. In fact Ive recommended to some relations who hope to go to waikiki in July to stay at the Sheraton princess Kahulani. We really love Waikiki and Oahu though, and the people of the island..  
<Date>Jan 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not that great Renovations needed. The staff at the front desk will not verify that you are in the room, before giving at any information or making changes to the room accomidations.The safe is $3 a day to use, I stayed at another hotel where it was free. The internet is $10 a day to use, if you are able to get reception in your room, which I was unable.I would recommend finding another hotel, considering how much this place costs.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Dirty My wife, daughter and I stayed five nights at the Pacific Beach Hotel in November. We paid $299 per night for a deluxe oceanfront room. The front desk staff is surly and adament about waiting until the 3pm check-in. The lobby has a strange odor and the lobby furniture is extremely worn and dirty. The deluxe oceanfront room was very tawdry, carpet very stained, walls stained, etc. We were able to get the front desk to move us to another room, which was also heavily beat up but the carpet was less stained.My impression after five nights is the hotel doesn't care; the owners are not going to spend any money to maintain the property, which has a great beach location. Western families may not feel welcome at this hotel, the property seems to cater to Japanese tourists in large numbers pushing and shoving through the lobby, breakfast lines, etc Watch out or you will get run over.This is definitely not the place to stay for a relaxing hotel experience, it is more like a run down YMCA that happens to be located on the beach.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2006
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>daisy
<Content>Not good First of all, let me preempt this review by saying that my husband and I have travelled a lot and we have never complained about a hotel room. We arrived on 12/31/05 at the Pacific Beach in the late evening. We were given an Ocean Front room instead of the ocean view room booked through Expedia. The view of the ocean was completely obstructed by palm trees. Not something I would usually complain about, but the rest of the room was unacceptable- there were dark stains all over the carpet, the furniture was chipped and very old, and to top it off, water was leaking from the ceiling in the bathroom. We requested another room which was the same minus the leaking ceiling. Unfortunately, there were no other hotel options for that night given that it was New Year's Eve. The next morning Expedia found a room for us at the Marriott which was only $50 more per night and seemed like a suite in comparison. My advice, pay a little extra and stay somewhere else. Of note, the staff members at the Pacific Beach were as accomodating as possible and the aquarium is fantastic.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>MWales
<Content>Nice hotel...but       View from our room to the beach  
<Date>Jan 2, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved it I found this hotel to be great. It was in a perfect location, the rooms were a bit old looking but very cozy, it's not like your going to be in the room every minute anyway. the restaurant was very good for dinner and breakfast. I was very impressed by this hotel I can't believe it's only rated three stars. I found this hotel to have a great value. I would definetly stay at the pacific beach again.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pacific Beach Hotel Rocks!!       Proposal at Oceanarium  
<Date>Dec 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>CAZZA0611
<Content>Cannot Recommend This Hotel At All I emailed several times from Australia and had great difficulty in getting any one to reply at first or to understand my request. Finally I received a reply as I had just come out of hospital I needed a nice peaceful rest and was assurred this would be the case, but it turned out to be the worst Hotel I have stayed in. Yes the location is great but as other reviews have mentioned the staff are very unhelpful and rude. I called to ask for the noise in the room next to me to stop as I had flown all night and needed some rest and it was after midnight and was hung up on. Finally security came and also had a very rude attitude and said there was nothing that could be done to stop kids screaming, this happened every night of my 5 night stay and nothing was done, it ruined my whole stay and I couldnt wait to leave as I had no sleep night after night.They say they offerred to move me but they did NOT. I emailed my concerns which no one would reply to at first then after advising how appalled I was. I was told I would receive a reply by mail and was advised that the front desk clerk must have hung up prematurely, he was very rude and it was very intentional and was told if I stay again I can have an upgrade I will not stay again nor recommend any one else to stay, it is an old Hotel and everything is too much of an effort for the staff to help, they find it better to ignore than assist as I have found out now with my reply.They do not have the Aloha spirit in anyway I am so sorry I chose this Hotel, please chose another Hotel.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2005
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>GREAT! We were from AUSTRALIA and stayed for 1wk at PB.Just great, the garlic smell hit you first but wasn't too bad. You couldn't smell it in the rooms at all, the rooms were good and comfy. The service was good, the resturants and room service.It was very central to everything.Especially for tours we were picked up right out the front.If you want somewhere to just put your head down for the night,then this is for you.After all you WON'T be spending all your time in your room, will you? The showers are excellent! enjoy...  
<Date>Dec 9, 2005
<Rating>3	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It is about average.... Its about average... Great location to everything in Wakiki. The hotel does need heavy renovation though. The pool is the size of a bathtub, but the pool deck is the size of a football field. Probably wouldn't stay again. The only thing good you can say about this property is the value was good...  
<Date>Dec 4, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Great Place to Stay in Waikiki I spent five nights at the Pacific Beach in November while in Oahu for a family wedding. I was somewhat concerned after reading some of the reviews, but found it to be the perfect place to stay in Waikiki. The smell that everyone refers to was non-existent. The elevator waits were reasonable. Rooms were comfortable and kept clean by a very friendly staff. My check-in and out was a breeze. I had an ocean view room in the back tower on the 25th floor which was fabulous. The pool deck was nice with a fairly small pool. I didn't eat at any of the restaurants except for coffe and muffins at the outside cafe. This worked great for us as we would take our light breakfast across the street to the beach and watch the surfers. The price was reasonable and I would definitely stay there on a return trip.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jimcdenco
<Content>No Problems, Helpful and Pleasant Staff, Great Room We stayed here in Nov. We reserved the Romantic Escapade Package. We Stayed a total of 6 nights. The package included an Oceanfront Room. We were on the 11th floor and were lucky to be given a corner room without even asking. The veiw was great, oceanfront and a side view up the street towards the International Marketplace. We were given a nice welcome card, a bottle of Champagne, and free Breakfast Buffet every morning. The room was very clean, yes it's a little dated but it was very comfortable. The Breakfast Buffet was good, we ate 4 out of the 6 days there. Always the same food, but always good. We never waited for elevators long like some people complained about. Also, we never noticed a fishy or dirty smell others complained about. The staff were freindly, especially the cleaning staff. The only problem we had was when we pulled up I asked the Valet where the self parking was, he told me, I went to check in, and while checking in he said he had to move my car becasue it was blocking someone. He actually valet parked it. But, I told the desk clerk what happened and she took the Valet charge off the bill. So, problem resolved. It was great to have laundry facility on site. We will defintely stay there again. Great location, great staff, great price for what we got!  
<Date>Nov 24, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Please do not stay at this stinky hotel I'm the second couple that came to this hotel along with BC from Cali...This hotel stank~~~~Service stank~~~~Food Stank~~~~Pool and Entertainment stank~~~Ssi bal... overall Stank~~~JS from Cali  
<Date>Nov 15, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Br0
<Content>Decent Hotel in the heart of Waikiki Beach We stayed at the Pacific Beach Hotel on Oct. 30/05 on a 1 night stop over in Honolulu. We read previous reviews with complaints of the hotel lobby smelling like fish due to the large fish tank in the restaurant....we barely noticed a smell. With hotels I am very picky. We found the rooms were decent and clean, very important. Try to ask for a corner room in the beach tower with ocean view. The view from the balcony is wonderful. The housekeeping staff was very friendly and accommodating. The front desk and concierge were also both very friendly and helpful. The price was good for this type of hotel. It's not a 5 star, probably a 3. I would likely stay again if in Honolulu for a night or two.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic This was my 4th visit to Honolulu and I have stayed at the Pacific Beach Hotel each and every time. The staff is very helpfull and each time I have visited have had a great experience. The view from either side of the hotel is great. One side is Waikiki and the other is Diamond Head. Although you have to cross the street to get to Waikiki Beach, for the price this hotel has the best value. The rooms are nicely furnished and clean. The location cant be beat. Right in the middle of the main Waikiki area, close to the surfbord rentals on the beach and several GREAT resturaunts are just a block away. Tiki's is a favorite with great views of the beach and sunsets.**A little hint.** If you are looking for the best for your buck, call the Hotel Directly and be specific in what you ask for. Also ask for the corporate rate. All you need to do is show a business card when you check in. The Beach Tower offers the best views.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>richjheath
<Content>Good Value and Location My girlfriend and I recently stayed at this hotel for 11 nights. During the online reservation I requested a Ocean View room with a King Size Bed and Non-Smoking. We arrived early and the hotel was happy to store our bags until the 2pm check-in. After reading numerous negative reviews on this website I was dubious to say the least on how the room would be when we arrived. I was pleased to find a King Size bed on a non-smoking floor available with an 'ocean view.' More really a view of Diamond Head to the south and reasonable view of the ocean from the 18th Floor. If you want a great view during your staying, head to the balcony on the 37th Floor and take your camera. The hotel, when we left on the 29th, were finalizing the repairs to the dining area next the aquarium. Yes the odor is unpleasant, however, I can't understand why so many people complain. Why are they hanging around the lobby of a hotel? Either go up to your room or head outside and enjoy the weather. Neither of us ate at any of the Pacific Beach Hotel restaurants. Nor did we use any amenities (Pool, Spa, Tennis Court, Massage or Gym) so I can't comment on the quality of those. All in all, the room I found was reasonably appointed for the money. It was vacuumed and cleaned every day, the staff at the desk were pleasant and always too happy to book shuttle services to Waikele, Arizona Memorial etc. I would recommend this hotel for someone wanting affordable, beachfront location in Waikiki.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Was OK, but wouldn't stay again After reviewing the various hotels and prices for an oceanview room, we booked the Pacific Beach via their website. We were quoted $130 a night for an oceanview room, which we thought was almost too good to be true...it was. At the time of our booking, we made sure to differentiate b/t 'partial oceanview' and 'oceanview'. When we complained to mgmt and showed them the receipt from our booking, their response was that they could upgrade us to a full oceanview for more $$, but didn't offer any other response or explanation for how the initial booking was described. Also, if you've read the reviews about the 'garlicky' smell in the lobby, it's all true. And it permeates the air ALL DAY long. The place isn't awful, but the rooms and carpeting throughout could DEFINITELY use some upgrading. Also, there's an added charge of $3/day if you want to use the in-room safe; and the fitness center is an actual 24-Hr Fitness located adjacent to the hotel, which is an add'l charge if you want to use it. If you're just looking for a place to crash, it's not bad. But, if where you stay is an important factor, you should consider paying a bit more for someplace else.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>So So... My husband and I celebrated our first anniversary in Oahu and stayed at the Pacific Beach Hotel. Upon our arrival, we thought the place looked very nice. When we checked in, we were as happy as can be being in such a beautiful island on our anniversary. When we checked in, the front desk congratulated us on our anniversary and sent us on our way. When we got into our room, we were quite surprised to be given a DOUBLE instead of the King that we requested when we first reserved the room. I called downstairs to be told that no rooms were available until 7pm. (It was 2pm when we checked in) They said we could stay in the room until the King was available. We decided to go to dinner and change rooms upon our return. After dinner (and a few drinks later) we arrived back at the hotel with our keys ready for pick up. That was really nice! After settling, we decided to go downstairs to the pool for a little relaxation. We headed down to find the door locked to the pool so we went to the information desk in the lobby to find out how to access the pool. He man at the information desk said the pool closed at 9:00pm (it was 9:15pm) but that we could *cough* USE THE POOL FOR $100 FOR AN HOUR!!! I was shocked and insulted to be initiated into a bribe to use their facility! I told him that he was kidding himself if he thought anyone would pay him. I went back to my room and called for a manger to tell him what had happened. They put Ben, the night manager on the phone and he told me to come downstairs to tell him what had happened. We went downstairs to tell him the situation and which point he did nothing and said that there was nothing he could do. I was very upset that this kind of behavior was acceptable in a well established hotel. I realized that the Pacific Beach Hotel was definitely not about customer service.Also, I had read reviews regarding the smell of the lobby and indeed, it does smell. It wasn't only at dinner times but at all times of the day. It smelled as if the aquarium had leaked onto the carpet and say there damp, moldy and old for weeks. Needless to say, we didn't eat at the hotel once.If you are planning on going to Oahu...stay at another hotel unless customer service, getting what you want, and odor isn't a high priority.-BC from Cali  
<Date>Oct 21, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>easy acess to hotel i was there in mid sep the rooms where simple and old but nice to stay in.they need to do some remolding to compare to the lobby. The lobby is beautiful. One thing i experienced there was that i stayed in the 11th floor and we went to the pool and on our way back we must of went in the wrong elevater but it was the 11th floor also i guess they have different towers when the elevators opened it smelled so bad i felt bad for the people getting off ont hat floor it smelled like armpits(i'm not trying to be funny)and the carpets were so old older than what our looked i had happened to mention to other couple they noticed also and as the elevater went down every floor was like that we got off went in the correct elevator to our side it did not smell I would stay again but it must be that towerAlso the carpets need to be replaced shampooning is not going to cut it anymore.Other than that i had a nice stay the oceanairium resturant was nice and i absolty liked the location and the fact that it had a main entrance to the hotel on the main street where you do all the shopping and the beach is across the street.Also we went sep-16 thru 19 and that is the yearly celebreation of hawaiiso they have a very nice parade (if you get a oceanfront room you can see from room) they have a free luau show right on beach and across from hotel.We had a good time. I also recomend the paradise luau (beautiful,worth the money!!!!) Hope this helped someone especially someone picky like me and someone who likes to know what to expect before you get there i did lots of research.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>EnglandKelb
<Content>Great location We stayed here at the start of our honeymoon, and we pleased to find a nice clean room after we had travelled for at least 18 hours. The room was nothing exceptional but pleasantly decorated and large. We had a balcony that overlooked the city and we could see part of the beach. We had an amazing view when we woke up at 3am with jet lag!! The hotel is in a fantastic location for all that Waikiki has to offer, and we had no problems finding a space on the beach through the day. We were also close to the bus line which took us to Diamond Head trail. We enjoyed the buffet breakfast and the aquarium is brilliant, especially when you can see the divers in it as well.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>daphnebar
<Content>One  We were planning to stay here for two nights before a trip to Kauai. It was March, and there was some sort of convention for high school band members, so to say it was packed is putting it lightly. We reserved an ocean view room, nonsmoking, but when we arrived, we were told that they only had smoking rooms available. To compensate, they told us that they would upgrade us to an ocean view deluxe room, with supposedly a fine view. It took us over thirty minutes to get an elevator to our floor as we had to stand in line waiting for an available lift. They certainly weren't kidding about it being a smoking room, but apparently the promised view was another joke: we had to lean out from the balcony railing to get our very narrow glimpse of the ocean. We called down and said the room was unacceptable and were told that they had no others to offer us, so we told them that we would be making other arrangements. They said that was fine. So we called another hotel in the area and reserved a nonsmoking room. When we went to the desk to check out and transfer to the other hotel, the Pacific Beach refused to give us our money back and suddenly, they are saying that they will give us a penthouse level room in a building across the street. As we had already told them we were making other arrangements--and we did by booking the other hotel--this was also not going to work. After much haranguing, they finally agreed to give us our money back. This was our first trip to Hawaii, so it was not a very good beginning, particularly for the money. But ultimately, we are greatful for the Pacific Beach's many inadequacies, because that night we stayed at the Halekulani. No lines. No smoking. Music by the pool. Starry, quiet evenings with only the sound of the surf.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>improvman
<Content>Great deal, great location We stayed at the Pacific Beach for a week, and loved it. We had an ocean view room, meaning we couldn't see the ocean from inside our room, only from the lanai. But that was good enough. The rooms have old safes that take quarters, and on my second to last day, I found out it locked without inserting quarters. I will mention the elevators are small, slow, and stuffy, and that there is no freight elevator, so the hotel staff are often using them. But that's not a big deal. We wanted to have a bottle of wine in our room, so we bought one at the ABC Store and the bartender at the Oceanarium happily opened it and gave it glasses. The breakfast buffet at Shogun is overpriced and has a poor selection. We prefered the buffet at Duke's, two blocks away.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>fallenbastion
<Content>Great Value! We loved the Pacific Beach hotel and were very sorry to leave at the end of the holiday! What was important for us was getting a room with a sea view at a reasonable price and in that respect we certainly weren't disappointed. Rooms were bright and clean and the service was just fine. Noise from the road below wasn't a problem at all. Oh, remember not to miss Sunday brunch at the Oceanarium restaurant :-)  
<Date>Sep 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>best deal on waikiki Recently went with my family (including my mother, sister, and brother-in-law) to Hawaii, it was the kids first visit to the islands. When we arrived and they saw the view of Waikiki beach and diamond head from the hotel lanai they fell in love with the place, just as I had so many years before. We opted for the beach front rooms and were not disapointed. Well decorated large rooms, and above all (as a surfing family) a great view of the beach, including Queens and Canoes, two awsome family friendly surfbreaks right in front of the hotel. While the kids were either surfing the inside break, or hanging out in the fish pond (a seawall protected area), or hanging out on the sand, we were able to surf the bigger waves on the outside break (all the while my mom was surfing her lounge chair). If we were not in the water, we were at one of the many restaraunts or shops nearby. Many great sights and experiences were also nearby, including the park and aquarium. But the best aquarium around was every morning at the buffett breakfast (included in the room cost), located in the dinning room with a 3 story ocean aquarium. It was really fun to watch the kids try to eat as they are watching sharks, manta rays, and large fish swim by less then three feet away.We are already looking forward to and planning our next visit to the Pacific Beach Hotel.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Madforsalsa
<Content>Good value, few cons       Looking left from 11th floor oceanfront lanai  
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Kansaidan
<Content>Perfect Base of Operations in Great Location!       Oceanarium Restaurant  
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LeeNan
<Content>Perfect!! My wife and I stayed at the Pacific Beach the last week in June, 2005 and found it to be perfect. We were placed on the 14th floor of the main building with an oceanview that was beautiful. The beach is just across the street from the hotel and within a 6 block area there are ample things to see and do; however, tour companies pickup guests at the hotel which made sight-seeing a breeze! One of the most enjoyable experiences was eating at the aquarium inside the hotel...a little pricey but the view is awesome. The service was excellant, the location is perfect and we would recommend The Pacific Beach to our relatives, friends and to you!  
<Date>Aug 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>StephanPM
<Content>Very Good Value for the Money       View from 11th Floor Balcony of "Beach Tower"  
<Date>Aug 10, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not a bad choice We stayed here in october 2004, after travelling for 20hrs it was nice to see that the hotel was welcoming. The ocenarium is the main feature of the hotel and is very impressive. Hotel is very convienient for the beach. Rooms are basic and could do with updating, but provide all that you need. We ate in the restaurant one night as we had a room only package and although food was nice we felt it didnt offer the best value...good tip for cheap food...'The Cheesecake Factory' up the road.......we really need one in the UK.....Wherever you stay in Hawaii your have a great time.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great value-best location We've stayed at this hotel 6 times over the years. I've also stayed at Hilton Hawaiian Village (6 months ago), Moana Surfrider, The Beachcomber and The Pacific Beach Hotel has the best value. At the end of the hustle and bustle of Waikiki and the beach is just steps away. I suggest the Beach Tower over the Aquarium Tower. If a nice pool is important stay somewhere else-the pool is terrible! Hey, it's not up to Hilton, Sheraton or Hyatt standards, but for $120-130 a night you won't be disappointed! The staff is very friendly. Paying a few dollars more for the oceanfront is worth it! Have fun!  
<Date>Jul 6, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>2nd time staying at this hotel My boyfriend and I stayed here for the second time. We stayed for 7 nights. Both of the times they upgraded us to one of the oceanfront rooms. Try asking for the ones on the corners of the front view b/c the rooms are larger than the other rooms. It's right across the street from the beach and views from our room were spectacular. We enjoyed great sunsets. Room service is great too. Our room was always clean when we got back in the afternoons. They also have great restaurants. We ate at Neptune鈥檚 Garden our first night and they have the best seafood with a great view of the oceanarium, great service and you can watch a diver feed all the fish, I think they have 2 feeding times a day. My only concern was it鈥檚 a little loud at night so you can鈥檛 really sleep with the windows open but I still think that Pacific beach gives you a great deal for your money. I would highly recommend staying there.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>very nice hotel , honolulu to dang crowed we were at the pacific beach from june 17-24.we thought the hotel was nice and worth the money.i saw alot of reviews about the smell from the lobby but we didnt think it was bad at all. the only time we smelled it was when the nightly buffetwas out , so it was probly the seafood and not the fish tank.all in all this hotel was very nice, but we will probly never go backto Honolulu again to dang crowded.we spent the week before in Maui june 10-17 and we thought it was 1000 times better.maui is more laid back and relaxing, if thahts what you want Maui is it.If you want a very large crowd and very crowed beaches and long waitsat restaurants then Honolulu is for you and you will like it.but not for us. Maui yes. Honolulu NO.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>sherry957
<Content>great hotel We recently spent 7 nights at the Pacific Beach Hotel June 2005. Myself, husband and 18 yr old son.. This was the most perfect location for the price. We got an oceanfront room for 184 including 2 buffet breakfast. The carpet was worn and had a stain but other than that it was Perfect. It was oceanfront on Waikiki in the middle of everything, a McDonalds on the cornere, Jack in the box and Cheeseburger in Paradise. All shopping was within walking distance, Dukes was walkable. They lit the tiki torches each night and you could hear the hawaiian musici from your balconyThe most impressive thing was we never had to ask for anything. They supplied extra pillows and towels without even asking. The staff was pleasant, The elevators were fine unless kids were playing with them. For the money and location I would definitely stay here again its beautiful and allows for more money to spend elsewhere.McDonough Ga  
<Date>Jun 25, 2005
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>coolspot18
<Content>Great Hotel for the Price       View from Shared Balcony - 16 Floor  
<Date>Jun 19, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Steverams
<Content>Very nice clean hotel Hey,My wife and me arrived at the hotel and were greeted by very nice professional bellhops, if that is what they still call them, but what I thought was nice is the fact, by the time I parked our rent-a-car in the garage, they already had our bags in the room. That is good service. The maids were very kind to us and simled a lot. I tipped them every morning, so that might have helped. We didn't eat at the restaurant there, so I can't comment on the food in the hotel. The ocean view I requested was just particle view. That is ok. The bed was excellent! It was firm. I needed to check the manufacturer, which was Serta. We both got a great night sleep and for me this is very important on a vacation. Who wants to sleep on a old bedding. The hotel is one block over from a great place-Waikiki beach. It is not too much trouble walking a little ways, unless you need to stay on the beach. If you are expecting this hotel to be better then a Holiday Inn (type) then look else where, but if you seeking a good value for your money then you will not need to look in further. I knew what to expect from this hotel because of this great website. We were not disappointed in the hotel. I would stay there again! I hope this helps you in anyway. Have a great vacation.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Location, Location, Location! This was our first visit to Hawaii and the location of the Pacific Beach hotel was FANTASTIC. Just cross the street and you are on the beach! Its also close to several great restaurants and shopping. So you are right in the middle of all the action. The lobby is really neat too with a 3 story aquarium. And although I must admit I was a little concerned after reading different reviews of this hotel, our room (on the 10th floor) was quite nice, clean and had an excellent partial ocean view. Though that's not to say that the hotel is not in need of some renovation, as it does seem quite old and could do with some sprucing up. But if you are looking for location, this place is it!!  
<Date>May 19, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointing Stay We have stayed at Pacific Beach on a few occasions during our numerous vacations in Hawaii through the years. During our stay last year we were rather disappointed with the condition of the hotel. We felt the hotel to be rather old and rundown from our previous stays. Hotel needs to undergo major updating, renovating and cleaning.  
<Date>May 10, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>1SusiQ
<Content>The Pacific Beach Hotel - a pleasant surprise! After reading ALL of the reviews on The Pacific Beach hotel, I wasn't entirely sure whether my choice to stay there was going to be a good one. I can tell you now, in all sincerity, that my family thoroughly enjoyed our stay! First of all, the name of the game is location, location, location and one can't do better, in that regard, than the Pacific Beach hotel! From our ocean-front balcony, in corner room #1420, we had awe-inspiring and unobstructed side/forward views of the incredible Pacific Ocean (which was outstanding in its clarity and color). We thoroughly enjoyed our close-up viewing of Waikiki Beach and we spent serious balcony-time, each day, watching the surfers/swimmers, the boats/canoes/cruise ships, all that was going on up and down Kalakaua Ave., the free 6:30 pm (nightly) hula performance on the Kuhio Beach hula mound, Diamond Head, the street performers, and on and on. There were two chairs and a table provided on the balcony, but there was plenty of room to bring out other chairs from the room.....and we could actually accommodate six. Included in our room rate, we were given vouchers for free breakfast. Although there is a choice between restaurants, we chose to eat in The Oceanarium Restaurant each day. There was a fabulous array of choices which included: eggs, sausage, bacon, white rice, fried rice, fresh fruits, yogurt, cereal, breads, soup, juices, and pastries. The gorgeous aquarium, which can be seen from all of the restaurants as well as from many hallways, had a calming influence. Watching its inhabitants (as well as the divers) was a great way to start each day. The hotel also had a fine assortment of shops to choose from. The ABC Store offered an ecclectic selection of products and we found ourselves needing something from there on a daily basis. As a family of four, we appreciated having an additional sink, as well as a vanity area, that were outside of the bathroom area. The lighting/mirrors were plentiful and the refrigerator, hair dryer, and iron/ironing board were all appreciated. The housekeeping staff was friendly and accommodating. Our maid kept us stocked with a great supply of lotion, shampoo, conditioner, soaps, towels, glasses, coffee/tea. The front desk staff were personable and accommodating. The concierge staff were knowledgeable and caring. Contrary to numerous reviews, we didn't find the elevators to be a problem. (For pete's sake, you're on vacation - slow down a little.) Yes, some of the carpets could use a good cleaning and the pool is small, but the Pacific Beach hotel is a solid value for your dollar! You can always go down the street, spend double the money, and get a little more pampered..... but we found that we had everything we needed right at the Pacific Beach. We were very happy there for ten days and we hope to return! P. S. We absolutely loved the Polynesian Cultural Center, the Duck Tour to Pearl Harbor, and the Magic of Polynesia show at the Beachcomber. We had great food at Cheeseburger in Paradise, The Cheesecake Factory, Bubba Gump Shrimp Co. (at Ala Moana Shopping Center), Teddy's Bigger Burgers, and Giovanni's Original White Shrimp Truck (on the North Shore). The best shave ice is also on the North Shore at Matsumoto's. The Aloha Stadium Swap Meet is your best bet for interesting and inexpensive souvenirs, but the International Market Place is also great fun! We hope you have as great a trip as we had! ALOHA!  
<Date>Apr 26, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Laura_Wilde_7
<Content>It was average, but not outstanding I stayed at the Pacific Beach Hotel for seven nights between 3/19/05 to 3/26/05 with two friends. We didn't arrive at the hotel until almost midnight on 3/19 because of our late flight. The front desk clerk was nice enough, but not too knowledgeable. We had to ask about the parking options ourselves, and what he explained didn't exactly make sense (the way he explained it, valet parking was less than self-parking in the garage... this is not the facts!) At any rate, we were able to figure it out ourselves, but he said we didn't have to pay for the parking until check out. Later, when we lost our parking pass there was some confusion because we were supposed to pay for the parking up front. When we arrived in our room, we found it to need some serious renovations. The carpeting was stained, the paint on the furniture was chipped, and both the clock and the in-room safe looked to be from 1970-something. By the way, the in-room safe costs $.25 per use. We considered asking for a new room, but decided to stay based on the fact that the hallway looked the same way. You are not really in your room very much in Hawaii anyway, or at least you shouldn't be, so for the value of the hotel stay, we found this hotel to be adequate. We had some small problems with the maid service... she forgot to leave coffee a few times, appeared to have gone through my friends' bag of dirty clothes, and left a dress we had hanging in the bathroom on top of a garbage can. Again, nothing too awful, but a little strange. Overall, I don't think I'd stay at this hotel again. The location is great, however, so consider one of the nearby hotels, such as the Marriott or the Aston Waikiki Beach hotel. By the way, I detected no strange odor at the hotel, as other reviews have mentioned. We had an 'Ocean View' room with a pretty nice balcony. We could see a small strip of the ocean and beach, and could also see Diamond Head through some other buildings. Overall, if you need a great bargain, The Pacific Beach will do. If you want something a little nicer, look elsewhere, but in the same vicinity.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>2	4	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great deal on ocean front room We stayed at the Pacific Beach Hotel from 03/11/05 - 03/13/05. We made our reservations from the hotel web site as a romantic getaway for an Ocean Front room which included breakfast and a free bottle of wine. We paid $184/night which totaled $204/night after room taxs were added in. There are very few hotels that can compete with this rate for an ocean front room with a full buffet breakfast included. I am entirely convinced that this is probably the best deal in Waikiki. I did an extensive search and read many reviews before deciding on this hotel. First about Waikiki, hotel rates are always high, rooms are almost always small, and most rooms (anything under $350) are going to receive noise from the streets below. Waikiki is a lively place with all kinds of activities and noise going on until all hours of the night. If you want to cheap out but still get a nice, quiet room then get a mountain view (up very high) away from the ocean. If you want an ocean front then you are going to have to put up with the noise from the street (close the lani door at night) or pay the big bucks!I read some rather poor reviews about the rooms at the Pacific beach Hotel, but the best I could tell they were in the other part and not in the beach tower which has all ocean FRONT, not ocean view rooms. Some people complained about a fishy smell from the restaurant. The restaurant is right next to the lobby and yes you can smell fish cooking. I love fish and it made me hungry! It wasn't at all a bad smell and I only smelled it at diner time.When we checked in (about 7PM) they had the exact room we had requested ready for us. Ocean Front, non-smoking, king bed, corner room. The room was actually quite a bit larger than a standard room in Waikiki, with a large sitting area, frig., wet bar, etc. The furniture did show some signs of wear as did the carpet, but the room was very nice. I don't understand how people can get an Ocean Front room in Waikiki for $200 a night (with breakfast) and complain about this stuff. The breakfast buffet was very good with a good selection of traditional foods.The staff was very nice and yes, the view was great! This hotel was literally across the street from the ocean and we had a completely unobstructed view. My wife left her $300 digital camera on a chair in the lobby when we were waiting for a taki. We noticed it was gone nearly a half hour later and when we called the hotel someone had found it and gave it to the hotel staff! That alone would make me want to stay there again!The Pacific Beach is a very nice, three star, full service hotel. It is NOT a full luxury resort hotel. If you want all the frills with an ocean front room in Waikiki than get ready to spend around $500 a night without breakfast.We will definitely stay at the Pacific Beach Hotel the next time we stay in Waikiki as long as they are offering deals like this.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Stay We stayed at the Pacific Beach Hotel for three (3) days starting march 7, 2005. Our ocean front room was very pleasant and the staff was friendly. I would recommend this hotel for any one not totally expecting to be whined and dined. We would definately stay there in the future.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Was OK We found this hotel OK. There was some good and some bad. The location of this hotel is excellent, the aquarium restaurant was very nice (we ate there twice in 3 days), and I liked the lobby and the shops. The pool was very small, but nice (didn't spend any time there). The elevators were slow but that's OK - we were in no rush. Although we did not have a full ocean front room we could see a good portion of the beach (when we were on the balcony, not from in the room). We watched the Hawaiian dance show in the evenings from our balcony and the sunsets were incredible. The staff was friendly, and the rooms, although old, were very clean.The only problem I guess was the room itself. It smelled musty and of smoke, which we did get used to it after leaving the doors open for awhile. The bathroom was small and the decor was old and in real need of updating. Some people don't mind much what a room is like because they say they aren't in it very much, but we spend enough time in the room that it is important to us. I guess it depends on your outlook. This year when we go back to Hawaii we will spend more money for a hotel with a nicer room. This hotel was very average. If it was anywhere else but in Hawaii it would rate lower.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location My mom and I just came back from our Hawaii vacation and stayed 3 nights at the Pacific Beach. We loved the hotel, especially the location!! We stayed in an oceanview room and the view was incredible!!! If you want to stay in the center of Waikiki this is the place!! Great service, Great location and the breakfast buffet is very good. I would definitely stay here again!!!  
<Date>Feb 1, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location! 11 members of our family stayed at the Pacific Beach Hotel in January. The best part of the hotel is it's location right across the street from the beach. We loved that we could just walk right out to the beach at anytime day or night. Since we had 5 kids with us, it was nice that the McDonald's was just a few steps away as well. Also, the proximity to some great restaurants, such as Cheeseburgers in Paradise and Duke's Canoe Club, was an added plus. The bathrooms were clean but kind of old. We would definitely stay there again whenever we are on a family budget, especially if they remodel the bathrooms. But for our next trip, we may try out the Outrigger Waikiki Hotel.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>happyluna
<Content>Good for the money if you get a good rate I stayed here March of 2004. I had a oceanfront room. The price was good. Stayed 7 nights. The big complaint I had was in the review they said they would have sandals in the room for the beach. Never saw it, and the cleaning staff was terrible. Otherwise ok. The staff was not out of their way to make you feel that aloha spirit. Mainly catered to Japanese. Did have the aquarium in the hotel, that was neat. Also abc store in lobby which was nice to have. I am going back this year but picking another hotel.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location Our family just spent two weeks over the holidays at the Pacific Beach Hotel on Waikiki Beach in Honolulu. The location couldn't be more perfect. Great for swimming as it's right across the street from Kuhio Beach, which has a break wall for gentle water. Most nights there is a hawaiian hula and music show right on the beach across from the hotel. And the people watching all up and down the main street is amazing! The rooms are a little more than a standard hotel room, with an additional vanity area and fridge and wet bar. Could have really used a microwave. Our room was ocean view, so beautiful sunsets, but too noisy off the main street to sleep with the windows open. Waikiki was so busy during the holidays, not a possibility to walk down the beach with all the people. We ended up getting a car to drive over the the southeast side of Oahu to Kailua Beach, a perfect 3 mile stretch of white sand with no coral - great for boogie boarding and swimming. The area the hotel is located in seemed very safe so my daughter and I weren't afraid to go out for walks late at night to the various stores, not true for some other areas in Honolulu. I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking to stay in the heart of Honolulu that wants basic hotel accommodations. Next time for a two week stay I would try to find a condo so we could all have more room.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>C8
<Content>Excellent View of the Ocean Date: January 3, 2005Just returned from Pacific Beach Hotel (five nights) and the room view (oceanfront) was excellent but our room had old furniture that needed upgrading. The room and bathroom were clean. Maid service was good; left extra towels every day. Kitchen sink was nice and clean and coffeemaker and refrigerator were clean also. This is a very spacious hotel and the dining was great (buffet) with the live fish tank. The location of Pacific Beach was great. There are lots of shops in the hotel even a ABC Store right there. Overall, the stay was great, did not spend much time in the room (824) but the view was great; across the street was the ocean. If they did refurbishing of the furniture; new carpet, this hotel would be Superior. The pool is small but the layout on top of the hotel had lots of room for sunbathing, vending machines, games for kids, laundry room, surrounded by palms trees. I had my 8 year old grandchild and she enjoyed the pool. They have showers by the pool also and a jucuzzi. The bus stop is a few feet away so you can go anywhere from the hotel.Overall, the view was great, the room good and would stay again for the price if I could get room 824 (non-smoking) again.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>urbanbush
<Content>Great Location, Disinterested Owners bI visited this hotel this Christmas, Dec 25 - Jan 1. It's got a fabulous location - directly across the street from the beautiful Kuhio Beach, and within easy reach of all the great shops and restaurants on Kalakaua Avenue. However, management is allowing the hotel to fall into a serious state of disrepair. I visited this same hotel six years ago, and the place is virtually identical - back then it was already outdated! I was vacationing with my family and girlfriend, all told we had 3 oceanview rooms in the beach tower. Two of the rooms were EXACTLY as they had been six years ago, but much worse for wear. The bathroom needs some serious updating, carpets were worn, furnishings were old. The maid service, while usually late, was quite good. If nothing else, they keep the place clean! HOWEVER, one of the rooms was a different story. Riding up the elevator with the bellman, he let us know that this particular room was a model room for planned renovations. The room had new, colourful carpet, a deep blue wallpapered accent wall, crown moulding, and fantastic redwood polynesian-style furnishings including a highboy and a huge armoire for the television. The bathroom, unfortunately, had not been touched. Overall, the new room is a VAST improvement - hopefully, the changes are implemented throughout the other guest rooms. Try asking the front desk for room 1415 - it is the one and only!The rest of the hotel is in an apparent time-warp. The place is horribly eighties, with reflective gold ceiling tiles, yellow marble wall paneling and enough wood paneling to cover Waikiki beach. The beach tower elevators were woefully inadequate, slow, and the lack of a service elevator meant bellboys and housekeeping monopolized at least one at the busiest times. Hallways are severely run down, poorly lit and the carpets are rippled. And watch out for the seating area right in front of the beach tower elevators - particularly when it rains. One day all the furniture was moved away and replaced with garbage cans collecting rainwater - the next day the damp chairs were back in position. The very next day, so much water had come down that ceiling tiles had fallen and the furniture was soaked. After that, the hotel mopped up and left a WET FLOOR sign up for several days, still doing nothing about the obviously serious leak. I noticed carpet dryers on floors as high as the 10th. Maybe its time to find out where the water is coming from, and maybe its time to stop it? The food at the Oceanarium was fantastic! The seafood buffet, while pricey, is a great experience, as was the view while dining. Room service was slow, surley and overpriced. I will not visit this hotel again, but would reccomend it for first-time visitors on a tight budget.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Okay, but some problems I stayed at the pacific beach for 3 nights Dec 25-28. There were 3 of us. My mother-in-law, my disabled Mother and myself. Booked an Oceanfront room with wine and breakfast included for $204 a night. Checked in at 11am and they had our room ready.... to our surprise as checkin time isnt until 3pm. Went to our room on the 5th floor, but it only had a king sized bed.......for 3 people???????? Hello?????? Back downstairs and they switched us to a room with 2 double beds. Okay back upstairs to room 420. This room had no oceanview. All we could see was the roof top a foot below our balcony and palm trees.... no ocean could hardly be seen. Also little glass table on our lanai was broken in around 12 pieces. Was going to grin and bear it but after thinking about it I decided I paid for an oceanview oceanfront room and should get it. Later that evening I went back downstairs and asked if we could switch to another room. The next morning I was switched to room 725. Beautiful large room.......very nice. Beautiful view. However, the carpets are extremely dirty and stained. So much so you dont even want to walk on them. They need to be deep cleaned or new carpet installed. Maid service very slow and ours couldnt speak a word of english. We never had our room cleaned before 4pm. We were in the Beach tower and the elevators were horrible. There were three elevators and the wait was unacceptable. Our shortest wait was 7 mins, others were 10 mins........My mother-in-law timed them. Fine for me as I just used the stairs for 7 floors in no time, but impossible for my mom as she is disabled and my mother-in-law is 74 years old. Realized we didnt receive our bottle of wine that came with the room. Had to call front desk 3 times in two days before I finally received it. Since our plane was not leaving until 7pm on the 28th I decided to pay $50 extra for late check out. This was confirmed at checkin. The evening of the 27th I went down to the frontdesk to mail a postcard and also reminded them of my late check out in room 725 as we switched rooms so much. Attendant verified my late check out at 6pm in room 725 in her computer. Great, no problem. Next morning my mother-in-law went shopping for the day and I went to the beach my mother decided to rest in the room. At 12:20pm she was called by someone at the front desk and told she had 10 mins to vacate the room and switch to another room. We were not packed as were going to do it that evening. My mother is disabled and tried to pack up everything as fast as she could and was very hard for her. Finally she packed up everything and had a porter carry all our bags to our new room. I came back from the beach to find my card key wouldnt open room 725. Went back to front desk and they told me I was switched. I was asked why I was not told. She didnt know. I dont mind changing rooms for late check out, however, if I would have known I would have had everything packed up and ready. And the night before I was assured I had late check out for room 725. My mother-in-law had to go thru the same problems when she came home from shopping and found her room card wouldnt work. She also asked the desk why we were not told. No explanation. Later when I checked out I asked why I was not told they said at 2am that morning the hotel sold out and we had to have our room ready for other guests. They could have called us that morning and told us at least!?!?!? The front desk girl just kept saying sorry. Asked for the manager and waited for 10 mins for her to arrive before I was told she was in a meeting and was unavailable. Had to leave or I would have missed my shuttle to the airport. At this point I couldnt find my mother as I left her in the room while I checked out. Finally found her. She had to wait 15 mins (no exzaggeration) for an elevator to get her from the 6th floor to the Lobby. The breakfast was okay since it was free but please dont pay $17.5pp for it as it is not worth it. The room was very nice but it wasnt worth the problems I had.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Go elsewhere Hi,I went to Honolulu Dec 26-Jan 5, 2003-2004 and stayed here. I got a pretty good package and since it was my first time, figured how could I go wrong. Once I got there I found out. It isn't one thing that happened, but multiple things. Turned lights on when I walked in and the whole room went dark. It took them 7 hours to finally decide to move me, but during this time I was told to hang around the hotel until I heard from them. This ended up turning my 6 day vacation into a 5 day vacation since I had to wait around for them to decide on what to do. Since I had already paid upfront with the package, when I checked out they tried to get me to pay for my room all over again. I almost missed my flight because it took atleast 1.5-2 hours to get this fixed even though I had the paperwork infront of me, plus there were charges for 3 meals that I didn't eat in the resturant.Regardless of what price you might get here, the problems don't make the deal worth it. When I go again in 2005, I will spend the extra money and stay someplace nicer where they know how to take care of the guests.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't recommend! We were there in December.A friend of ours recommended it. We arrived early in the morning from Japan and waited till 1p.m. I can't understand why, since most of the guest are Japnese and all flight from Japan are early!!! The hotel is pretty old and smelly and the bathroom was in very poor condition. The location is really wonderful and the stuff were polite, but somethimes we had to wait till late afternoon our room to be cleaned! They are reallyyy slow. I don't see anything great about the hotel. It's better to try another one!  
<Date>Dec 22, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Unfriendly Check-In Staff We stayed at the Pacific Beach Hotel in November, arriving about 10am on an early morning UA flight from Tokyo. The front desk staff seemed to lack any aloha spirit, told us that check-in was 3pm and to check back at 1pm to see if anything was available. Checking back at 1pm (we had reserved an ocean front, King size bed), we were told that they didn't yet know what rooms had checked out and everything was on request--room types were not guaranteed. Checking later at 2pm, we got the same runaround, housekeeping did not yet know what rooms were available, etc. We waited most of the day dead tired in the lobby, which seemed pretty dirty and smelly. Finally, a long line formed at 3pm and people started to get their room assignments. We were checked into an ocean front room and it was modern and clean. I mentioned later to the front desk staff that the hotel didn't seem as busy as I would have thought for Waikiki in November. They responded that many rooms were not operable and that limited the number of guests. As previous frequent guests at the Pacific Beach Hotel, we had been members of the Pacific Beach Club, which used to offer some discounts and free parking. The Pacific Beach Club program has been dropped and no longer special offers for returning guests.All in all, the Pacific Beach Club is a cheap hotel to stay including the free breakfast and the parking of $12 per day is reasonable. However, the front desk staff is very disinterested, the hotel lacks any aloho feeling and the hotel has the overall feel of a 1960s relic.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very happy with the stay. Stayed here for three nights at the end of our honeymoon. The location is great. The rooms were fine, and the oceanarium was very cool. Got a free buffet breakfast in the deal too, which was very nice. Had a partial ocean view room which we enjoyed. Like any beachside hotel, there was a bit of sand about, but if you go to the beach and dont expect sand in your room, or any other ocean attributes you are dreaming.Would recommend it.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay Here! We stayed at the Pacific Beach for 11 days in November and loved it. So yeah the lobby has a fishy smell, get over it, they are serving a massive buffet and that's where the smell comes from. After the 2nd day you just don't care because YOU ARE IN HAWAII, GET TO THE BEACH IF YOU DON'T LIKE THE SMELL. :) The staff was wonderfully courteous and the aquarium was fantastic. We were able to get a partial ocean view in the ocean tower that had a fantastic view of diamond head and the ocean. The housekeeping staff was very friendly and we always had fresh linens. The japanese restaurant - Shogun is very good (get the buffet!). Book your room on their site as they charge more if you call or want to extend your stay there in person. We were able to get a $99 per night room (does not include taxes or parking). Parking is $12 per day which is average for Waikiki. This will be the ONLY hotel we'll stay at when we go back to Hawaii. ALOHA!  
<Date>Nov 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pleasant stay, Fantastic review We used the Pacific Beach as our base for a honeymoon on Oahu after getting married on the Big Island (see our review for the Hawaiian Oasis) and it proved to be very good for this.The spacious room on the Oceanfront Tower had a balcony overlooking Waikiki Beach, and provided some excellent sunsets. Access to the beach is just across the street. You can't beat it for that.The room was a typical hotel room, with a mirrored nook behind the bath for makeup - a nice touch. We had a bar sink and usable mini-fridge (water bottles provided in the 'fridge have a usage charge). The bed was hard but quite comfortable. The staff was helpful, and with the Romantic Getaway package (ours) you get a bottle of champagne and two glasses upon your arrival, along with coupons for the breakfast buffet.We only used the main restaurant, the Oceanarium, for the breakfast buffet, which was quite good. You eat while overlooking the two-story giant aquarium; it's a great view and very entertaining. They should have a placard at each table to help identify each fish in the tank, though.Our package also included a rental car through Dollar; they will validate your parking in the garage behind the hotel (ask for the paper at the front desk).There are only a few minuses: The hotel charges a very hefty fee to use the business center. High-speed Internet access is $.20/minute, and WiFi is not available in the hotel (although we were able to find a weak signal in our room from someone's router in a local condo). Elevators can be quite slow at times. The fitness center is well-equipped and staffed, but you have to pay a surcharge to use it (check available packages to see if it's included). The buffet is good, but the sooner you arrive, the better the food is. And if you're staying over a holiday (we were there through Thanksgiving), check the hours of operation: we were not aware - or told - that they stopped serving at 8:00 AM Thanksgiving day. While it is not up to the level of the nearby Hyatt Regency, the Pacific Beach is a clean, well-kept hotel, and one we would be happy to recommend for a couple on a budget.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Aquarium First of all if you have never been to Honolulu brace yourself for lots and lots of people. There are Hotels everywhere. My husband and I described it as Hawaiian Las Vegas without the casinos. Oh and shopping galore. Love the ABC Stores!!We loved it. Its beautiful. Our hotel has a 3 story aquarium and its fantastic. Three or four times a day a diver feeds the fish, which also include a shark. All this while you dine. The food was great and buffets are the way to go. Our room was nice, clean and the view was partial ocean.  The beach is right across the street .......... There's something for everyone. We went in October and it was in the 80's eveyday, and very very humid. If you go then, wear cool comfortable clothes and shoes. We went on the Pearl Harbor Tour, it was great. Be aware that most tours are booked to the max and it can be extremely cramped.......... Next trip will be back to Maui.....  
<Date>Nov 16, 2004
<Rating>5	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jofroberry
<Content>good location, brilliant view, average room       sunset view from our balcony  
<Date>Nov 8, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrible My wife and I stayed at this hotel for four nights in October 2004 as part of our honeymoon, we booked a Deluxe Ocean view room through expedia which turned out to be a partial ocean view, the room was dirty with heavily stained carpets the bedspread smelled of mould the windows did not shut properly, the shower was a pathetic piece of cheap plastic, the bed was old and uncomfortable, the hotel lobby and restaurant had a foul fishy smell because of the oceanarium, we complained to the management who triad explain to us that deluxe ocean view meant that you had lean over the balcony and risk falling to see the sea, they offered us drink and diner vouchers! This is a Two star hotel.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>blsnyc
<Content>Pretty Good We stayed at the Pacific Beach for 11 days in September 2004. The hotel was pretty much what we expected for a 3 star. Pleasant staff, a great location right by Waikiki Beach and our room was a decent size. However, the main lobby definitely had a funky fishy odor which was emitted by the aquarium in the lobby restaurant- the Oceanarium. The smell was pretty hard to ignore each time we passed through the lobby. The hotel decor is a bit retro (circa 1982), but is kept clean. The rooms themselves are more modern. All in all it was worth the price considering the location and staff service.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Pacific Beach-loved it My wife and myself stayed at the Pacific Beach for 10 days in October. We were on the 7th floor oceanfront. We loved it! The rooms were not cramped at all. Angie our housekeeper kept our room spotless. The front office staff and concierge desk were extremely helpful and friendly. There were some signs of wear and tear in the hallways, but with the constant traffic of guests how can you expect it to be perfect. The location of the hotel was ideal-right in the middle of Waikiki Beach. We would wake up every morning to an unbelievable view of the ocean and surrounding area. There are numerous restaurants and shops within walking distance and theBus and many trolleys and shuttles stop nearby. Just about all of the tour companies pick up right at the Pacific Beach, making it even more convenient. We would not hesitate to stay there again. Over all we were very pleased with the Pacific Beach Hotel.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ladyshel
<Content>Great location. Friendly Staff. My mother and I just got back from a 4-night stay at the Pacific Beach Hotel, and we just loved it. We had an Deluxe Oceanview room, and woke each morning facing Diamond Head. Gorgeous! We were in the Oceanarium Tower (rear) on the 29th floor, and you could hear some music playing in the evenings from below. I'm guessing on the beach, or perhaps something going on at the Marriott Beach Hotel. As some others have mentioned the carpets could use a steam clean, but the rooms themselves are clean. You are given new beach towels daily. The pool is very small, and on the 3rd or 4th floor (I forget which right now), along with a jacuzzi, but you are steps from the beach. There is a breakwater that keeps the waves from being too much in the beach directly across the street from the hotel. At around 6:30 they have a torch lighting ceremony, and hula show. We didn't see the show ourselves, but heard about it.They also have movies on the beach on the weekends. Not sure if this is a year-round thing or not. There are some chairs set out, but you can bring your own blankets or towels if you prefer. They were playing Mean Girls and Walking Tall this weekend, so not first run movies, but not stuff that's years old.We had originally booked the Marriott but changed to the Pacific Beach due to the price. We were going to stay in a corner oceanfront at the Marriott but ended up with this room which I think was really nice for nearly half the price, and the location is only one block away. It's actually closer to central Waikiki by one block, however the Trolley does stop by the Marriott. It was only about a block and a half to the Duke statue to catch the trolley from our hotel, so still very convenient.The staff was very friendly. We had a clock radio that we couldn't get to set the time. It kept resetting when you turned the light on and off, like you pulled the plug or something. We called housekeeping and they sent someone up to fix it.The buffet breakfast was included in our rate (something not offered for the room at the Marriott, so that was another plus here). I enjoyed all the choices of food, from pancakes, regular and turkey bacon, sausage, french toast to two kinds of scrambled eggs, country potatoes, various pastries, salad bar, lots of fresh fruit and orange or papaya juice and milk, plus cold cereals. The only thing missing that I wouldn't have minded having was oatmeal. Oh, they had steamed rice, fried rice, and a Japanese soup also. If you get the buffet with your room, it's well worth it. If not, I'm not sure of the price, but I believe some other reviews here mentioned it's $16.00, so kinda high.The 3-story Oceanarium was awesome. It was cool to watch them feed the fish also. I will say that unless you're prepared to pay $29.95 plus tax and tip for a meal, steer clear of the dinner buffet. We ended up eating there for dinner one night, and didn't know the cost until we got the bill. It is a great deal if you're a huge seafood lover, with King Crab legs, various shelled fish, and peel and eat shrimp, along with prime rib, and all the trimmings. As others have mentioned, the elevators can be slow, but more than this is the fact that if your room is high up, you may end up stopping 4-5 times every time you go up or down. Everyone was friendly, from the storekeepers to the restaurant staff to the housekeeping staff. Our room was ready when we arrived around 1, even though check-in isn't until 3, so that was much appreciated.I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We loved this hotel! We just stayed for 8 days at the Pacific Beach Hotel. We had an oceanfront room on the 16th floor. Everything about the hotel was great. The staff was friendly, ready to help you at any time. The room was cleaned twice a day with soiled towels replaced by fresh ones. The bed spread was turned back each night with mints and flowers left on the sheets. We will definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Oct 12, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it!! Stayed @ pacific beach Hotel for 5 nights and it was FABULOUS! I think you have to have an OceanFront room to make this hotel worthwhile. Definitely staying here again.We were on the 11th floor and woke up to the beautiful waters. Couldn't hear any noise the whole week. Elevators had it's good times and bad.Moderately spacious Lanai and room. Nice vanity area with big mirrors. Empty fridge to store water. Free coffee w/coffeemaker in the room. Small bathrooms, maid service was good  friendly. I prefer the eastside of Kalakaua because you can walk down the street and see the beach in front of you on one side. Closer to the Outrigger and Surfrider this is not possible due to the beachfront hotels.Definitely check out the Outdoor Tiki bar  grill @ the Aston Waikiki @ sunset. Great food and music!Save your money instead of a city (other hotels)view @ Outrigger or Sheraton, get an Ocean Front for cheaper @ PBH!  
<Date>Oct 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>denimom58
<Content>Pacific Beach Hotel We stayed at The Pacific Beach Hotel in Feb. '04. The motel is pretty much what I'd expect of a 3 star motel. The cleaning staff was very helpful and friendly. The rest of the staff, dining room and reservation counter were rather indifferent. As a matter of fact they weren't very helpful or friendly. They seemed too busy for the customer service thing. The main thing that comes to mind is the strong smell that was in the lobby. I guess it was the aquarium. Now the aquarium was awesome. The aquarium was impressive and fun to watch while eating. It was just that smell that got to us and discouraged us from eating there every day! Anyway, we won't stay there when we come back next year.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Over_the_River
<Content>Once again - a very good bargain       View from our room toward Waikiki Beach  
<Date>Sep 1, 2004
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>slev415
<Content>WOW We stayed here for 7 nights from the 12th through the 19th of August. We had no complaints! Our room was cleaned every day! The noise was non existent unless the balcony door was open. We had a Deluxe Ocean View room with a spectacular view of the ocean and of Diamond Head. We were on the 35th floor of the Oceanarium Tower. We were treated wonderfully and would not hesitate to stay here again should we come back. The elevators were a little slow, but with all the people and a full hotel, I would not have expected anything else. All in all I give it a 10!  
<Date>Aug 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it! This was such a bargain. Stayed in an oceanfront in the beach tower and had an end room (1225), much larger than most regular hotel rooms, let alone HNL ones. The deal included breakfast which was an awesome spread, and a great time to fiull up as food is so costly here. Elevators a bit slow at times, otherwise, the place can't be beat. AND, parking with in/out for $12 a night, Kona coffee in the room.... Superb... Don't hesitate, run to the Pacific Beach Hotel and enjoy! I know we will if we ever return to Oahu!  
<Date>Aug 9, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel but AWEFUL front desk For the price, accomodations were as expected with no frills but location next to the beach. Its a type of hotel whose light shined bright during the 70's and is living its last breath as a quallity hotel.HOWEVER, the reservation/front desk made numerous mistakes like room assignments, double-booking charge that we never did clear up with reservations. Over-all customer service at the front desk was the worst experienced and their web booking should be used in conjunction with a phone verification.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Value The Pacific Beach hotel is a great value for your money. My friend and I went for a relaxing vacation, we're both in our early twenties and found that the hotel had a lack of night life surrounding it but was within walking distance to most dance clubs and fun bars. I had read many reviews before I booked the hotel and it's true what they say about being a great value! The staff was so friendly, the oceanarium restaurant had a great breakfast (although a little pricey so make sure you can eat $16 worth of french toast!)The beach outside of the hotel gets a little crowded but can be a fun place to meet people from all over the world. The hotel is close to all major shops and some nice restaurants. You don't even realize that you're walking so much because there's so much going on.I would recommend this hotel to all the bargain shoppers that want to relax but also have a good time.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>YvetteBrownstone
<Content>Great Hotel--Classy and Cost-Efficient-- What a great hotel! We stayed there for 10 days! It's a very classy place, yet affordable! The Oceanarium is breath-taking! The restaurants are fabulous! My husband and I felt very secure staying at this hotel and it is very close to the beach and shopping! I would highly recommend this hotel to those who are looking for a quality place with a price that isn't too steep! The view from the room was breath-taking as well and the room service provided was great. Our room was always cleaned and fixed up by the time we returned at the end of our day. Fresh towels and coffee too!!! We highly recommend it! Ken and Yvette Brownstone of Ventura, California  
<Date>Aug 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a bargain!! My husband and I stayed at the Pacific Beach hotel for our honeymoon in June 2004. We loved it. We had a partial oceanview room on the 8th floor. I couldn't believe what a great view it was for only being partial. The room itself was very nice and clean. For only $99 per night, you can't beat it. There website has the best deals. And the very best of all, was walking out the front door and across the street and you are on the beach. Why pay $300 for the difference of only walking a few more steps. All the staff, with the exception of the hostess at the daily breakfast buffet, was extremely friendly and helpful. The food was good, although expensive as most everything is in Hawaii. We would highly recommend staying here, especially if you are on a budget but still want to stay at one of the best hotels in Waikiki. We will definitely return to the Pacific Beach when we go back to paradise in 2006.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SunshineCoast1
<Content>Beautiful views, great place to stay We had the pleasure of staying for 3 days at the Pacific Beach in June and thoroughly enjoyed our stay. We had an oceanfront room - our room was lovely with a balcony and a view I could only describe as stunning. Breakfast was delicious and the hotel is situated so conveniently to Waikiki Beach, shops, restaurants etc. We would not hesitate to recommend the oceanfront to other travellers.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MitchOttawa
<Content>Great start to our Honeymoon We stayed at the Pacific Beach Hotel on Waikiki Beach for 3 nights before sailing on a cruise with NCL.The hotel was very nice and the staff were kind and helpful. The room was spacious and had a great view of diamondhead and parts of the beach. The restaurants were a tad pricy but this is to be expected from most hotel restaurants in Waikiki. We walked up the strip to eat dinner instead.There is only a street separating the hotel from the beach. A couple of dozen steps from the door and you are there.To be noted is the amazing aquarium in their main restaurant dubbed The Oceanarium which three stories high and 290,000 gallons. The fish in there are awesome.Breakfast was included with our hotel package and consisted of a huge buffet with many delicious choices. We very much enjoyed having breakfast there every day.We were very happy with our stay there and would not hesitate to stay there again if we go back to Waikiki. I have seen some people complain about noise from traffic and the like but you should know that you will get this anywhere in honolulu. Even so, the noise level was minimal.As we were leaving, one last staff member showed us the kind of service to be expected from the Pacific Beach. The doorman called a taxi for us and when it arrived, it was a limousine. Little did we know that Honolulu runs some limousines as taxis and the fare is the same as a regualr taxi. We were quite happily surprised that he had arrange for one to pick us up and drive us to the cruise ship.If you're planning on visiting Waikiki, I would recommend considering the Pacific Beach Hotel.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel We moved from another hotel to an Ocean Front room at the Pacific Beach Hotel. We were on our honeymoon from Australia. We stayed during late May 2004, and loved the place. The deal we found on the hotel's web site was great and included breakfast in the oceanarium. A welcome relief from sticky too sweet pastries at the other place.The room was large and the view fantastic. The room was clean and all fittings were in good condition. And as it was our honeymoon they gave us a free bottle of bubbly. Wolfgang Phuck's was just down the road, and was handy for a cheap eact of salad, pizza or pasta. We would return.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice, if a little old We stayed here in October for a weekend getaway. The rooms are nicely appointed, if a bit old, but our ocean view from the lanai was gorgeous. The lobby has a weird fishy smell that's hard to get used to, but the employees are all very nice. Great location, too.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great view of Diamond Head Stayed at Pacific Beach Hotel June 26- July 2 2004. Loved the view of Diamond Head from our balcony on the 36th floor of the Oceanarium Tower! Housekeeping was excellent. After a full day of sightseeing or going to the beach, our room was always cleaned and towels were replaced with fresh ones. Thanks !!! Ate at the oceanarium restaurant twice, prime rib and seafood buffet and breakfast buffet. A bit pricey, try to have meals included in your vacation package or use coupons.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful experience Stayed here from June 23-July2. Location was perfect, directly across the street from the beach. Hotel employees ALL were extremely friendly, nice and accomadating of our needs. Stayed in the beach tower, great view from our room (partial ocean view). During the busy times of the day, elevators were a little slow, but on Hawaii time, no one is in a hurry-what a nice change. Great vacation, would stay there and recommend it to all. Price could not be beat.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Service!!!!!! We stayed at The Pacific Beach Hotel for 2 nights on June 24th through June 26th. We booked a standard room and we were given a room on the 3rd floor of the Tower building. Our lanai had a partial view of Waikiki Beach. The staff at this hotel were excellent. I was mentioning to my husband that we needed a fold away bed just as a hotel staff was passing by our hotel room. Before I could even call housekeeping, someone was knocking on our door with a fold away bed, extra slippers and towels....that's what you call service.The hotel room was clean and nice. I have stayed at high-end hotels and the service at The Pacific Beach surpassed some of them.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Value My wife and I just returned from our honeymoon. We did not receive a room upgrade, but we did have a bottle of champagne waiting for us in our room with a nice greeting card. We booked an oceanfront room in the beach tower, and we were placed on the 8th floor (out of 17 floors). I truly believe that our view was just as good as it would have been from a higher floor -- so save your money and take a lower floor. I cannot speak for the 2nd, 3rd, or 4th floors, but our balcony was above all palm trees and we had a beautiful 180-degree ocean view.As far as the room is concerned, we had a couple of complaints. First, the bed was not very comfortable and caused both of us to lose some sleep (not every night, but a couple nights). The bathroom design, as trivial as this may sound, created a bit of an obstacle course. Not a big deal, but you will understand if you decide to stay at the Pacific Beach. Third, the air conditioner had a tendency to drip on us while we were getting ready in front of the mirror. The layout of the room was unusual, as the a/c vent was placed directly above the vanity that was outside of the bathroom. Otherwise, the carpet could have been better, but this was not the Royal Hawaiian!All of the service personnel were great! Very friendly and accommodating. We even had to change televisions during our stay when the one in our room went on the blink. They took care of it immediately and they are available 24 hours a day.Overall, the Pacific Beach was a great hotel for the price. I would definitely consider staying there again, and I would recommend it to my family and friends.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Skyline_Drifter
<Content>Good with some small reservations We stayed at the Pacific Beach as part of our honeymoon for 6 nights from June 11th to 16th. The reason I chose this hotel was entirely down to reviews on here and I don't regret it though perhaps one or two things could be improved upon.We arrived in the evening of the 11th and checked in without any significant delay at all. As they were aware it was our honeymoon they had upgraded us to a partial ocean view room free of charge and also left a bottle of champagne and a congratulations message in the room which was a very nice touch.We ate in the hotel only on the first night as it was a bit late for seeking out anything else. Personally the restaurant didn't suit me. I had a steak and it was excellent but that was basically all there was on the menu that I would eat. It's predominantly a seafood restaurant and I don't care for seafood. That's not their fault of course but there are precious few alternatives on the menu. Also, I have to echo what has been said by others on here. The fishy smell (not one I or my new wife like as neither of us eats fish) from the restaurant buffet does rather pervade everywhere on the ground floor from the afternoon onward. There is another restaurant on the site but it's a Japanese food place and that's not for me either.Location wise it's perfect for Waikiki, being towards the Kuhio Beach end of things, slightly quieter perhaps than the more central beachfront hotels. I don't think it was overly expensive either though as my stay was part of an inclusive holiday with flights and a stay in New York I cannot comment on what the hotel room itself actually cost me.There are plenty of other hotels and restaurants within walking distance though I found most to be seafood specialist or at least dominated by seafood dishes. Okay it's an island and you'd expect a lot of seafood but there were very few alternatives. You can't eat steak every night! Lot of fast food outlets also. There's a McDonald's right outside the hotel and a Cheeseburger in Paradise restaurant about 50 yards away. The Cheeseburger place also had the best bar we found during our stay.With one exception I found the staff to be extremely helpful and accommodating and there is a place on site where you can book tours, etc which we made use of.The room was plenty big enough for us with a big bed of at least Queen size. It may even have been King size but I'm not au fait with bed sizes. Surprisingly no minibar in the room at all but as I never use them it made no difference to me. It might be relevant to some though. Rooms were cleaned daily and then they also come in at night to turn your bed down and change the towels again which I thought was an excellent touch. I've never stayed anywhere where that happened before. They also provide pool towels for your use in the room and change them daily though they are not really big enough to use as beach towels.We didn't really suffer a lot of noise but there was one night that a young family were in the room next door which had a connecting door to ours. Obviously the door itself was locked but the kids in that room were shouting and yelling from 6am that one morning and it did wake us up as the sound was clear as a bell through the door. There was also daily rubbish collection from a truck below our room but it wasn't all that early and as we were on the 10th floor it didn't really make that much noise. I guess on the lower floors though it might be really distracting.There's a pool and heated whirlpool bath for guest use but the pool is very small indeed. It's only about 2 - 3 meters wide and pretty short too, certainly at reasonable depths. I'm 6ft tall and could only really swim in an area of about 3 meters square. I guess though if your on Waikiki beach you shouldn't really need to make much use of the pool but still, if they are going to go to the trouble of having one, surely one a bit bigger would make more sense. You could see two far bigger and better pools at adjacent hotels from our room.They also had the slowest elevators I've ever encountered. In the Ocean Tower (as opposed to the Beach Tower which is lower) there are four elevators servicing 37 floors and a five minute wait or even longer for an elevator was not all that uncommon. It's a small thing I suppose but it does irritate.The one significant complaint I could make concerned the hotel bar. Even then it's probably a little churlish on our part. When we are away anywhere and come in from a day of some activity or another or a meal elsewhere we usually like to have a drink or maybe two in our hotel bar before retiring for the night. We found that to be virtually impossible at the Pacific Beach. Basically the bar is located within the Oceanarium Restaurant which is always busy. The Bar is located between the tables and the buffet area where the food is kept which means there's a constant procession of waiters bringing food past or diners carrying plates, etc. There are only EIGHT seats at the bar itself and virtually nowhere to stand and have a drink. There was an in crowd of residents there during our week and they appeared to be parked in the bar seats constantly throughout the week. The second night when we came back to the hotel we attempted to get a drink at the bar. We were offered a dining table to sit at but we didn't want to sit down and stare at each other, we wanted to drink at the bar. There were no seats available. You cannot stand in the area the waiters use to order and collect drinks for diners (obviously) and whilst we were allowed to buy a couple of bottles of beer whilst standing it was clear that the barman was not pleased with the fact we were standing near the bar and we kept having to move for people coming in all directions. There was another couple in the same situation at the same time. We tried to take our drinks about ten yards away into the reception area where there are plenty of seats and space but apparently Hawaiian Law prohibits removing your drink from the bar area! The result was that basically we were unable to get an evening drink in our own hotel throughout the trip. As I said earlier, there isn't even a minibar in the room should we have been so desired to use it. At the end of the day, it's a small complaint and it's clearly not a hotel which encourages evening drinking but even had there not been an in crowd in situ, 8 seats in a bar for a hotel with several hundred rooms is clearly inadequate and not going to service the customers.All that said, I did enjoy my stay there and, though it is extremely unlikely that I would make a trip halfway round the globe to Hawaii again, if I were ever to return to Waikiki I would have no hesitation in using the same hotel again. My points are picky generally and I'd hate to discourage anyone from using the hotel on that basis. All the important things are done very well. If you like seafood you'll love the place and the Oceanarium restaurant with the fish swimming around you is very impressive.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2004
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MarieZB
<Content>Awesome View! Spent a week at the Pacific Beach hotel, and the view is to die for! We were upgraded from a partial ocean view room, to a full view on the 35th floor. We could see Diamond Head, and the ocean in full view, and it was amazing. Enjoyed the breakfast buffet, as the indoor aquarium in the restaurant is wonderful to watch. The staff is very friendly, and the hotel has a great location across the street from the beach. My only complaint is the smell of the towels. The whole room smelled like the towels after awhile. The hotel needs to use new detergent!  
<Date>Jun 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful 2 night stay My wife and I got the 2 night romance package May 7 and 8 which included an oceanfront room and breakfast buffet for $179 a night. What a great decision. We were upgraded without asking to a deluxe room on the 12 floor - a beautiful room with spectacular views of Waikiki Beach in each direction. The buffet in the Oceanarium was awesome with so much food to choose from you could have a completely different meal each day.We just felt good staying here. EVery staff member we came across was very friendly and the overall atmosphere was upbeat with a dash of casual elegance. The central location was perfect for us as we were able to walk to virtually everywhere we wanted to in Waikiki. Yeah, the street below our balcony was a bit noisy in the evening, but we enjoyed feeling like we were in the middle of the Waikiki action for a couple of nights - we knew the quiet and seclusion would come in Maui. Take a pair of binoculars and you'll have great fun, as we did, checking out all the action up and down the street. As others have said, the Ocean Tower elevator could be a bit slow but not enough to really bother anyone - I'd rather have busy elevators in a busy hotel than be the only one using a faster elevator because everyone else in town is at a better hotel.If you want a tropical pool setting, this is not your place. We wanted the beach, the ocean, long walks and a great, clean, comfortable place to stay - that's exactly what the Pacific Beach provided.  
<Date>May 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Outstanding value and great service My husband and I stayed at the Pacific Beach hotel for our 25th Anniversary and we very happy with our choice. Lobby was impressive and didn't smell any offensive odors. The Service was great, thumbs up to the housekeeper and their turndown service. Happily surprised to come back after hours touring the area to find the bed ready and everything replenished and yes even the little chocolate mints sitting on the pillow. Hotel is just across the street from the beach. Elevators didnt seem slow to me at all.  Rooms are nice sized and even though we only had partial view we didn't have to strain our necks at all to see the ocean. There were only 2 sour notes on our trip. First, the valet attendant was rude which was surprising since everyone else was very accomadating and second the carpet in our room was a stained. But for 110.00 a night it was well worth the value. I would stay here again!  
<Date>May 21, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>saldana75
<Content>Could not have asked for more We traveled to Oahu with my parents and cousin and his wife to celebrate our 25th wedding anniversary. They upgraded us all to a deluxe ocean view room, which was outstanding. All the staff was friendly. We had wonderful service throughout our stay. I have to agree that the elevators are rather slow, but so what, we were on Hawaii time! Our package included the breakfast buffet, which was terrific. I've noticed that some people complained about the buffet, i.e., the same thing everyday. We were a little smarter and realized that we could vary our meals by having muffins/fruit one day and the eggs/meat thing the next. It was sooo convenient. The ONLY complaint I had was that we had two double beds rather than a king size, as we had requested. They tried to accommodate us and indicated that we could change later, but we were already unpacked and decided it wasn't worth it to move. Again, I would encourage travels to check out the Pacific Beach Hotel. Price, location and service is what you want as a vacationeer and you will not be disappointed with this hotel.  
<Date>May 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Linda1
<Content>Nothing wrong with the Pacific Beach Hotel After reading the reviews here I was worried about staying at the Pacific Beach. I had booked two nights (April 17 and 18) through Royal Caribbean Cruise lines for a post cruise stay. I paid $147.00 for two nights. Truthfully, I don't think I could stay in my home town for that much. The hotel public rooms were attactive. The location was terrific. Our room was on the second floor and was not noisy. The room was not luxurious but it was clean. There was a small thing with one of the handles of the bathroom sink not working well. I could have asked to have someone come and look at it but I was too busy enjoying Honolulu to bother. The rug was clean except for one small spot in the hall traffic area abut the size of a quarter. It looked like the rug had been shampooed but that this one spot had been stubborn. I would go back and stay again. I did not eat in the restaurants because I thought it was a bit expensive and besides I had just finished and eleven day cruise that had far too many eating opportunites. The Cheeseburger from Paradise was a couple of blocks away. There was a good and inexpensive Mexican restaurant, ChaChaCha's about six blocks away. I think that reading the reviews here has taught me to read but keep and open mind.  
<Date>May 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Stan57
<Content>Easter Week - Very Good Stay at the Pacific Beach Hotel Hotel was nice. Had a corner room on the 18th floor with partial ocean view which has an extra window. The window was facing the city side, would have been nicer if it was on the ocean side. Also had a connecting room for our kids. During our stay it was very windy and you could hear it howling since we were on the corner. The hotel is in a very good location where everything is within walking distance. The swimming pool and spa are on the small side. They are on the west side of the building so the sun doesn't hit the area until noon. The staff was very good and helpful with what ever was requested. Overall a very nice place with a few minor items from scoring an excellent rating.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KeithD61
<Content>Odor Warning! - Dinner Buffet Friends stayed at the Pacific Beach Hotel--we were at the Radisson Prince Kuhio. Although the Pacific Beach appears to be a nice hotel--do be warned that the smell from the dinner buffet completely overwhelms the bottom floors of the hotel. Of course, if it were a pleasing odor that would be one thing. The strong smell of garlic and fish wasn't pleasing at all. In fact, it was almost nauseating. Just be warned that you'll have to deal with the smell when entering or leaving the hotel every evening.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect Location/Great Value Our decision to stay at the Pacific Beach Hotel was based on the reviews I read in TripAdvisor. The Pacific Beach Hotel was great. It was centrally located to shopping, the beach was right across the street, the staff was extremely helpful. We had a great room for a great value. The Tiki Restraunt right down the street was reasonable and delicious. The Oceanaquairum was fantastic in the restaurant. Our room included the breakfast buffet, which was outstanding. We caught tour buses right at the hotel. The zoo was right down the street, as was the outdoor movies that run on the weekends. If you are a family on the go, this is the place to stay.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>boring I read reviews of the hotel and decided to stay there.Had to change from our first room because ac didn't work.We had ocean front.Loved the balcony.Boring hotel nothing going on.Pool was a joke.We went to surrounding hotels to watch the free shows.They advertise a fitness center on their web site but you have to pay $7.00 a day to use it.We have 2 kids and after having lunch at the Aston Waikki Beach Hotel I wished we would had stayed there.Great kids program.Nice size pool.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sick how awesome it was! We traveled from Minnesoit to Waikiki from April 1st through the 8th. The hotel was awesome with spectacular views of Diamond head and the ocean. The only turnoff was the size of the pool, but who needs a pool when the ocean is across the street! The staff was friendly and helpful. There were no signs of a faded wallpaper and carpet room or slow elevators on the Oceanarium Tower like posted in other reviews. Great Hotel to go to and stay for more than 7 days. Easy access to everything, especially my smoothie shops! Boo-yah. Mahalo Hawaii. P.S. Go to a luau, the chicks are hot!  
<Date>Apr 9, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>swimswithsharks
<Content>Loved the Oceanarium I picked this hotel because I had heard about the 3 story high Oceanarium aquarium inside of it on my last trip to Hawaii. It was definitely impressive, though the lunch menu at the downstairs restaurant that shares space with it was pretty spare. Still, it was worth the trip to the restaurant just to take photos. My hotel room had what I'd call a partial ocean view, you can see the ocean between several other hotels that block out most of your view. I was suprised at how noisy the street below me was, even on the 26th floor, I heard even car horn, every screaming baby, every yelling partier on the street, all night long.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good experience at the Pacific Beach Spent 3 days at the Pacific Beach Hotel; clean room, nice partial ocean view; excellent location; good price; would stay there again!  
<Date>Apr 2, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MasterTravelor
<Content>Great Location! Great Price! We just returned from a five night stay in a Partial Oceanview room. We had a great time! The hotel is centrally located. The staff is very helpful and friendly. Housekeeping staff did a great job. We didn't eat in the hotel restaurants because we thought they were a bit expensive. We had breakfast twice next door at Cheeseburger in Paradise for a reasonable cost. There are so many places to eat nearby though. There is also a lot of shopping to be done within walking distance. I would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Stay Great stay..good service..GREAT location! Too bad it rained both days we were there! Within walking distance of Intl Marketplace and across from the beach. We were on the 27th floor with an oceanview of Diamond HEad and the beach. TV didnt work upon arrival, maintenance fixed in less than 30 minutes. Loved the aquarium! Food OK but hey if you cant walk less than 2 blocks and find one of 30 restaurants then I guess your stuck with their food! Its about 30 minutes from the airport via Nimitz Hwy..Get a good map or youll drive past it..Parking right next to it. Did the Diamondhead hike,,IT IS TOUGH physically! Wouldnt advise for the out of shape but worth the hike and price (5.00 a car) Go early crowds arrive around 8-9 and it gets hotter on the trail  
<Date>Mar 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>UVAmom
<Content>Very good hotel My husband and I stayed in an eighth floor oceanfront room (# 825) in the Beach Tower at the Pacific Beach Hotel from February 21 - 27, 2004. The room was spotlessly clean and very comfortable. The carpet was fine, but the furniture was scratched up a little. The housekeeping staff was exceptionally friendly. Each employee spoke to us when we passed them in the hallways. We liked the turndown service at night with a flower and chocolate mints left on the bed. The balcony (on the left end of the building) provided an excellent view of busy Kalakaua Avenue and the beach across the street. The breakfast buffet was included in our room rate, and my only complaint was that it never varied in the 6 days -- exactly the same pancakes, eggs, Danish, etc. every day. There are a large number of Japanese guests at this hotel and several Japanese selections such as miso soup and salad are offered at breakfast. The location of the hotel was excellent. We used the unlimited valet parking at $13 a day. I would definitely recommend The Pacific Beach.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic hotel We booked directly with the hotel and were given a room with a partial ocean view, when we visited the beginning of March 2004. Their website has some excellent deals. From the moment we arrived we could not fault the service, staff, room, food, etc. It was fantastic and we would love to go back again. The position of the hotel is great for the beach, as well as the shops, yet quiet enough that you don't get disturbed. The lifts could be a bit slow at times but this was the only thing we could fault the hotel on. The Sunday Brunch in the restaurant was great value as well as entertaining. Would highly recommend it.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>heather001
<Content>basic accomodation/great location Stayed for a week. The accomodations were clean but definitely run down -a facelift is in order here. If you want anything more than a basic hotel room, this is not the hotel for you -you will be disappointed. The staff was efficient and the aquarium restaurant was pricey but good. What saved the trip was the location -steps from the beach and within a short walk to many attractions.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ddlind
<Content>Good Value for the money, but I wouldn't reccond it! Stayed here Feb. 26 - Feb. 29th. After much careful research about this hotel, I was extremely disappointed with the decor and age of this hotel. The restaurants and bars have a 70's lounge feel (and smell)! Guest rooms are below average, in my opinion. Comments about the carpet are true; you don't know how bad this is until you are in the hotel. Wallpaper was peeling off the walls and hotel is in a general state of disrepair. Needs a huge facelift; then this would be a good place to stay. Location was quite good, although you can't see the beach from the tiny pool and jacuzzi. There is a vending machine room by the pool, instead of a bar or snack bar. I would only stay here if you are using it as a place to sleep, not spend time in. Our view was good-Diamondhead and beach corner room 34th floor Oceanarium Tower. I reccommend the higher the better. We didn't like all the High rise hotels; they would obstruct your view from a lower floor, unless you pay for Oceanfront. We paid $168 for an Oceanview room with a $35 food  beverage credit per day, which wasn't a bad deal. I have to give credit on the food and service; it was great in the Oceanarium and the outdoor coffee shop.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hrlygrl
<Content>Never Stay Here Again We stayed for our first time in Honolulu at the Pacific Beach Hotel Feb.6 - 9, 2004. We came for the Pro Bowl. What a huge dissappointment. This hotel is old and drab. The carpets are old and dirty looking. The elevators are too few and very slow. The pool is super small with no view of anything. The deck area is very large and nice for sunning if you don't care about the surroundings. The resturants were terrible, even the aquarium viewing one. The beds were uncomfortable and the air conditioning didn't work well at all. Ours was turned down to the max. and it never did get very cool and it dripped water. The ONLY good thing about this hotel is the view. We stayed in the front tower on the 11th floor. Full ocean front. That was beautiful. For the money we spent per night, I would much rather have stayed and the Mauna Surfrider. We walked around and looked at other hotels. I would rate this one about a 2 star and would never stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel across from the beach! We just got a back from a 5 night stay at the Pacific Beach Hotel. We went to the Pro Bowl and had 13 people in our party. The hotel had no problem taking care of us. I based our stay with tripadvisor, yahoo travel and epinions. In all the reviews I read there were many complaints about the carpets being old and soiled. Add me to the list of complaints, but overall the rooms were nice with great views. The hotel caters to Japanese tourist, especially the restaurant on the 3rd floor which was a the breakfast buffet. Avoid this at all cost, very friendly service but terrible food.This is a major hotel in Waikiki and all the locals now where it is at. It is also a hub for people staying a other hotel for bus pick ups. Overall great hotel, and very nice lobby with its 3 story aquarium.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Stay at "the Beach"!! My husband and I stayed at the Pacific Beach hotel from January 21st-24th. It far exceeded our expectations! The staff was very nice and helpful. The location of the hotel is superb, right across the street from the beach and near shopping along with many restaurants.The rooms were modest, but very clean. We booked our trip ( airfare,accommodations) with HawaiiTravelBureau ( I would Highly reccomend them) They explained the hotel as being a 4 star at a 3 star rate!We didn't eat at any of the hotels restaurants, but the 3 story aquarium was awesome.Two good restaurants are Dukes and the Cheesecake Factory. Both within walking distance.We would definatly return to the Pacifi Beach on our next trip to Oahu!  
<Date>Feb 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pacific Beach=Pacific Best! We've visited Honolulu seven times and wouldn't dream of staying anywhere but the Pacific Beach Hotel! The location is the best on Waikiki (outside of the posh fabled older establishments.)We love walking across the street to the uncrowded beach, strolling up to the Natorium in the morning, saying aloha to the humuhumunukunukuapua'as swimming along the breakwater, grabbing a mac-nut coffee and fresh muffin at the Aloha Cafe downstairs....waking up in an ocean front room and being greeted by the lazy roll of the Pacific is better than a whole bottle of Valium.The hotel's restaurants are excellent; the staff is courteous---- and trustworthy. The Aloha Spirit is alive and thriving throughout the hotel.The hustle and bustle of the tourist world is just steps away, but we like the more quiet end of Waikiki. The Pacific Beach Hotel is the best buy in Honolulu!  
<Date>Feb 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Can't be beat! My husband and I have stayed at the Pacific Beach Hotel on all but three of our numerous visits to Honolulu. If we could have those three back and trade them for the Pac Beach, we would be delighted! The hotel has everything: lanais, great food choices (even room service!), a most accomodating staff, top of the line shops, and above all else, the astonishing Oceanarium. A meal in the hotel's three major restaurants gives a pleasant relaxed view of the Oceanarium, but the public is allowed to see it at no charge. At three stories high and boasting an extensive, colorful variety of sea life, it is something no one visiting Honolulu should miss! The hotel's Neptune's Garden restaurant offers fine dining of the highest caliber, and the Sunday brunches require reservations because they are so splendid. We recommend the Pac Beach to everyone we know who plans to visit Honolulu. It's location and ambience cannot be topped.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great hotel The Pacific Beach Hotel is a near perfect hotel. It has a perfect location, the staff and housekeeping were excellent. The Oceanarium Restaurant is the place to have your buffet breakfast, and/or a upscale dinner destination. The food and presentation were impressive and the oceanarium was fascinating (try to be there when they feed the fish). The only complaint we had was the elevators, too few and too slow. But the hotel is definately worth it all. We will go back, many times.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>excellent place to stay for your money! We stayed there Dec. 21 to Dec. 28, 2003. Had awesome weather. The rooms were spacious and clean. Service was excellent. The complementary slippers were a nice touch. Beach is right across the street, very convenient. Outdoor coffeeshop relaxing and convenient, don't forget to get stamped, the tenth coffee is free! It is the meeting place for any excursions on the island. Mcdonalds, BurgerKing, Cheeseburger in Paradise and the always present ABC store's nearby. Trolley stop just down the street. Thanks Pacific Beach....Will come again.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Rain Rain Go Away! We stayed at the Pacific Beach this past Christmas week, there were 8 of us. My mom and dad were celebrating their 50th anniversary, we were celebrating our 25th, plus I have 2 teenagers who came with us. It RAINED the entire time we were there. Not just a little tropical rain ....I mean a downpour of rain so hard you thought it was a monsoon. There is Mcdonalds right across the street, a Burger King a little walk down and a smoothy place in the lobby. The Oceanaium Resturant is great at the hotel. Something different and fun The trip could have been hideous due to the weather, but we had fun anyway. Thanks Pacific Beach. By the way, it doens't take that much to make us all happy, so the FREE SLIPPERS were a really nice touch, as was the mint and flowers on our pillow at night.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>excellent We stayed at the Pacific Beach on our honeymoon in August 2003. We were upgraded to an ocean view, which was fantastic. The room was excellent and all facilities were there such as hairdryer, toiletries and of course the free flip-flops that we brought home with us! The oceanarium in the restaurant is amazing, I never tired of watching the fish. The staff were very friendly and helpful. If we ever return to hawaii, we would certainly stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JANE*20
<Content>Great Hotel - Great Vacation In July 2003, our family of 17 spent 5 wonderful days in Honolulu, at the Pacific Beach Hotel. We had very nice and clean accommodations with ocean view room. The staff was very friendly and helpful. we enjoyed the aquarium resturant.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>golf_hawaii
<Content>I'd highly recommend the Pacific Beach We stayed at the Pacific Beach Hotel on Waikiki and I can't say enough about it! The staff were all VERY wonderful and accomodating. When we told them we were there for a special occasion they upgraded us to an oceanfront room without any upcharge. This hotel is in a wonderful location. Easy to get around to shopping, etc. I would suggest renting a car for a day (which you can pick up and return right down the street; without worries about valet or overnight parking fees) and going to the North Shore. Haleiwa is wonderful!! If you go to the North Shore, don't miss out on the most wonderful dining experience at Giovannis Original White Shrimp Truck...you'll wonder if I'm crazy when you see it; but after you dine there, I'm sure you will totally agree...It's the best shrimp/rice I've ever had!!!!! There is also a beach (hard to find, but worth it), on the way back to Waikiki, called Lanakai...it's the most romantic and beautiful place on earth!!! Skip the tours and do things on your own (it's much cheaper and enjoyable). You can rent a car for one day and literally see the whole island (We did Pearl Harbor, Waimea Falls, Haleiwa and Lanaki all in one day). The island is just one big circle!!! You'll love Hawaii, no matter where you go or what you do....it's hard not to.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tree21
<Content>Clean, Affordable, Great Location Just returned from 7 nights at the Pacific Beach. We stayed in an Oceanfront Room (1423). We were extremely pleased. The view was wonderful, rooms were spotless (though worn), price was great and the location is fabulous. We were especially pleased with the cleanliness of the room (I'm very picky). The blankets and bedspreads are washed after each visit. Carpets were recently cleaned. All staff was extremely helpful and friendly. My husband needed medical care after catching a virus. I called the front desk requesting medical care, they were able to immediately get us to a nearby Urgent Care by Taxi. We will definitely recommend this hotel and return in the near future.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great View, Great Price, Great Hotel My wife and I got married in Hawaii in August 2003. We came to Waikiki as the last part of our trip for the final four days. We chose the Pacific Beach because a friend who has made numerous trips to Hawaii recommended it to us. We were not dissapointed.After our transfer from the airport, we were greeted by the friendly staff, and upgraded to a 35th floor room, because of our honeymoon status. We were also given a very nice bottle of Champagne on the first night of our stay. I recommend the Oceanarium Tower. If your not afraid of heights, get as high up as possible on the Diamond Head side of the hotel. We opened our balcony curtains every morning to an unobstructed view of the sun rising on Diamond Head. The view cannot be described.I also recommend that you purchase a room that offers the free breakfest buffet. The food was very good for this type of meal, and there was always a wide variety of things to choose from. I was never dissapointed by the buffet. With some other breakfast buffets running $25 and up, we appreciated being able to wake up to this one every day. Also, the buffet is served in the Oceanarium Restaurant, that boasts a 280,000 gallon aquarium. It is magnificent to eat beside the Rays, Sharks, and Tropical Fish that swim in this beautiful aquarium. If you happen to walk by while they are feeding the fish, be sure to stop and watch the diving girls feed Rays and Sharks by hand.Our room was very clean and nicely appointed. We did not lack for comfort at all at the Pacific Beach. The logo sandals, that are yours to keep, are a nice touch too. The hotel does have a pool, but I swore it was just a lap pool and there would be another one somewhere else. However, being one street crossing away from the beach, it didn't bother us at all.It's a short walk from the International Market, and other shopping in Waikiki. There are numerous resturants and other hotel lobbies for dining options and nightlife. We personally liked Cheeseburger in Paradise for good food and musicians in the evening. It's less that a block from the Pacific Beach.Overall we really liked the Pacific Beach. Any return trip to Waikiki will definitely include a stay at this hotel. Plus, the fact that is was cheaper than any of the other resorts our travel agent tried to get us to stay at, leaves us with a smile every time.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Pacific Beach Great location, pleasnt staff, nice room super buffet at the aquarium restaurant.We loved it and I'm sure you will.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Vacation My family of 4 recently visited the Pacific Beach Hotel. The rooms were a good size. The hotel is extremely clean, they actually shampoo the carpets and change the bed spreads. The staff was always very accomodating. We stayed in the Oceanarium tower and our view was great from the 18th floor!!! I would reccomend this hotel and will probaly stay there again!!! The location is awesome, a very short walk to the beach right across the street. Just a few short blocks to the International Market Place and lots of restaurants! We never ate meals in the restaurants, but did manage to fit in a dessert, which was excellent!!! Hope you have a wonderful stay also!!!  
<Date>Oct 25, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Guruswife
<Content>ordinary service..okay location Got back this morning from Honolulu we spent the first 5 nights on maui at kapalua bay and then went for 3 nights to pacififc beach. Our room smelled of stale tobacco smoke (even on a non smoking floor) and with four of us was a tight squeeze with a tiny bathroom (more of a European size than American). They had a convention on our final day so we spent 15 mins waiting for the lift because they didn't go above or below the 3 floors the convention was on. This happened for most of the afternoon. The female concierge was abrupt and didn't appear to want to answer my questions regarding transport options etc. We didn't eat at the buffet.. we felt it was overpriced and noisy. Perhaps we had been spoiled at Kapalua?  
<Date>Oct 18, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Oct. 1 - 8. Wonderful hotel I had read a review on here about the beds being hard so I emailed the hotel to ask them. After receiving emails from Myra in housekeeping, I was assured that they would put mattress pads on the bed so I wouldn't feel how hard it was. Not 5 minutes after we had checked in, the phone rang and it was Myra telling me that she had purchased an egg crate mattress topper and to see if I thought it would work. Well, I bounced up and down and I couldn't tell that the bed was hard so I told her that it would work very well. I slept each night better than I sleep at home. I could not believe how friendly and helpful the staff is at this hotel. The maids were very cheery in the morning at the room was always made up by 11:30. We had a view of diamond head and the beach. I took many pictures. If we ever go back, we will not hesitate to stay at this hotel and have even recommended it to our friends.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2003
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Tigerlilly2
<Content>Great Location!!! We spent 12 days, 11 nights in a Partial Oceanview room in the Pacific beach hotel, Arrived on the 28th September 2003, for our 10 year wedding anniversary. We were here 10 years ago on our honeymoon, we loved Honolulu so much that we returned for our 10 year wedding anniversary. On our honeymoon we also went to the island Maui for 4 nights, and spent 6 nights in the Outrigger Reef on the beach hotel, in an ocean view beachfront room, so we couldn't help comparing the two hotels. The Pacific beach hotel, was a clean simple hotel with good room facilities, like coffee perculator, hairdryer, pacific beach logo beach slippers (which you can take home), and an above satisfactory restaurant called the Oceanarium restaurant, which has an excellent buffet dinner, the food is very fresh and good value for money. My husband and I requested a welcome surprise note for our 2 children, aged 8  6, which was Aloha and their names on the board, which came down with the fish feeding diver at dinner time, in the Oceanarium tank, the kids were overwhelmed, they felt so special and excited, to see their names viewed in a huge Oceanarium tank with fish, sharks and stingrays swimming around the message board.... The 2 things this hotel lacks as far as hotel facilities is nightly entertainment , in a casual walk by atmosphere. And the pool was far too small, for a hotel this size, the pool should have been at least twice the size. We decided to visit the Outrigger Reef hotel, for some drinks in the bar in the foyer, which has nightly entertainment. And the kids were able to get fruit coctails as well (non alcoholic offcourse), they are called Virgin coctails! The children did not feel left out, as they were able to have a delicious fruit coctail, and enjoyed watching the Hawaiian dancing and singing While my husband and I enjoyed having, Blue hawaii's and Strawberry daiquiri's. I think the diamond head side of Waikiki is lovely and has a great swimming beach, however the other side is more lively in the evenings. We visited the Hilton Hawaiian village one evening, we had some light refreshments and a drink while enjoying the views and listening and watching the nightly entertainment in the hotel, and were pleasantly surprised with the friday night fireworks. The Hilton Hawaiian village resort is a 5-10 minute walk from the Outrigger Reef hotel. Overall the Pacific beach hotel, was lovely and satisfactory, however I would definetaly stay on the other side next time, most probably the Outrigger Reef hotel. As far as tours, We went to 2 luaus, first we went to the Paradise Cove Luau, then a few days later we booked the Germaines Luau, we couldn't resist.. The Luaus are fantastic, if you want to get involved in real authentic hawaiian food and entertainment, you must go to a luau, both Paradise Cove and Germaines were terrific, from the minute you get on that tour bus, the fun starts. The kids loved all the action and because they were outdoor, open space, beach front settings, the children did not feel restricted to move around. My eldest son, who is 8 years old, called them hawaiian parties, the children can't wait to go back. We also went to Pearl Harbour Memorial and Haunama Bay for some snorkelling. As far as food is concerned you will never be hungry in Honolulu, there is food everywhere, take-away outlets in every corner, and great casual and formal restaurants.It depends on what you like. Denny's was a good non-expensive casual eatery, Dukes was also casual with a great salad bar, all entrees at Dukes are entitled to a salad bar plate. Shore Bird-restaurant in the Outrigger Reef Hotel is also a great on the beach open casual dining alternative. Honolulu is a great place for everyone! Great for families, couples, retirees and singles. There is definetaly something for everyone. I cant wait to go back for another slice of heaven. As for shopping, Women it is shoppers heaven. Shops everywhere, Macy's Department store had quite a few very good sales. And for all you men out there, there is good shopping for you too. the Menswear range in Macy's were very nice. My husband bought a really nice pair of levis, for under $30, I was lucky to pick up great pair of Polo Ralph lauren jeans, for under $50.. Cant wait, to go back ! Well, I hope this information is useful for anyone going to Honolulu in the near future, Happy Travels and as the hawaiians say ALOHA!  
<Date>Oct 14, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pacific Beach Hotel Excellent! October 5, 2003 My husband and I just returned (September 28th) from our first visit to Hawaii. We celebrated our 50th anniversary with a week's stay at the Pacific Beach Hotel. It was perfect! We enjoyed the Oceanarium, watching the diver feed and play with the fish (and anniversary sign held by diver). Our terrific children and grandchildren also surprised us with a beautiful Hawaiian flower arrangement and fruit tray upon our arrival to our room. Our Romance package (hey, we're not old yet!) consisted of a non-smoking, oceanfront, balcony room which was very clean and comfortable, breakfast coupons, champagne plus a great view. We had a full view of the ocean and beach which was breathtaking at sunrise and sunset. We especially enjoyed having our morning coffee on the balcony and watching the early morning surfers, swimmers and joggers. There was always activity on Waikiki Beach from early to late. In the evening there would be Hawaiian entertainment across the street near the beach that we could attend or just listen from our balcony. Most of the stores on our street were open to 11 a.m. so we enjoyed walking, shopping and having an ice cream treat along with so many others. There were much to see within walking distance of hotel as well as transportation whether it be by taxi, bus, or trolley. Tours can be arranged with travel agents in hotel with hotel pickup. The hotel staff was friendly, service very good and both breakfast and evening buffet consisted of many selections. Our room was always clean and in the evening we would return to find our bed ready with a chocolate for each and flower. I could go on and on......My only regret is that we did not stay longer.....or plan to renew our vows on the beach. What a perfect place to do so! We would definitely recommend Pacific Beach as an awesome place to stay! We look forward to another stay there ourselves.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mustang45
<Content>Great Hotel, Location, etc.! Me and my husband stayed at the Pacific Beach Hotel in September, 2003 for 5 nights. This was our first trip to Honolulu and we were pleasantly surprised with this great hotel! The price was reasonable and we could not have asked for a better location (walking distance to shops, hotels, restaurants, bars, zoo, aquarium, etc.). The hotel is right inbetween the Hyatt Regency and the Marriott and is directly across the street from the best beach area in Waikiki (Kuhio Beach)! Although the rooms are basic and slightly dated, they are clean and the staff is extremely friendly!!We had an oceanview room in the beach tower on the 14th floor and had the most awesome views of the beach and spectacular sunsets every evening. There is also a free torch lighting cermony and concert directly across the street from the hotel (next to Duke's statue) every evening at 6:30 p.m. you can either watch from your hotel balcony or go down and join the crowd. We also had a free buffet breakfast every morning in the Oceanarium restaurant, this buffet was a great way to start our day! You will most definitely enjoy your stay at the Pacific Beach, I highly recommend it!!  
<Date>Sep 30, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>shalinimisri
<Content>Awesome Hotel !!!!!!! the view was SPECTACULAR!!!!! we had a partial oceanview...this hotel was absolutely wonderful..the people were great, the atmosphere was beautiful...this was my first trip to hawaii(oahu)...and i researched hotels for three weeks before deciding on pacific beach and i was so pleased..the staff at the hotel were so nice..they helped with the doors, carried our bags to our rooms..they were really really freindly..the oceanarium restaurant wasn't that great..especially for $40.00 per person..but can't complain about anything else..i'll be in oahu next year and i will be DEFINITELY staying at the pacific beach hotel...i recommend this hotel to anyone...couples..families..honeymooners...i had a geat time !!!!!  
<Date>Sep 28, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Grows On You Just back from 11 nights at the Pacific Park Waikiki Beach. 1AM arrival at hotel after 10hr flight and inefficient immigration  airport transfer processes was probably not the best introduction to Hawaii. We booked a non-smoking Ocean view room in the Beach tower, which our travel agent assured us was an absolute ocean front room. As it turned out, it was a room on the 14th floor on the Diamond Head side of the hotel with partial ocean views, backing onto the lifts and stinking of stale smoke! A quick chat to the morning reception staff resulted in us being moved to another room on the same floor on the International Market side. We conceded our travel agent misled us regarding the room categories ocean 'front' and 'view'. Nevertheless, the staff (esp Jamie) were great and our new room was fresh and provided us with a fantastic view from the balcony. Rooms are not big and probably need a refurbish, but plenty of towels (for beach  shower), beds are firm (which I like), bar fridge, chairs  table inside  on balcony and coffee percolator. Our room was serviced every day, we left a daily tip of US$2-$5 to show our appreciation and to top-up wages which are usually poor (tks Liaini). The hotel and surrounding buildings produce the sound of a permanent air conditioning hum which is a bit distracting for the 1st night, wear some ear plugs cause you wont be able to sleep without the AC! From our new room we had the option of being able to watch the stunning tangerine sun sets from the comfort of our balcony, sipping chilled beverages or take a 1 minute walk to the park on the beach and view it from there. Which ever option you choose, dont miss the sunsets! The Waikiki beach park areas are all alcohol free zones, which we thought was a great idea and probably helped create the generally happy-go-lucky and safe feel of the Waikiki beach area. We thought the hotel was in one of the best locations in Waikiki, as the beach, sea pools and surfing areas were all just a 30 second walk from the front of the hotel. Take your long or boogie boards, surfs always up, it is just a matter of how big! We were lucky enough to visit at the start of the 2-week Aloha festival, and at sunset each evening we witnessed traditional Hawaiian festivals in the park almost in front of the hotel. There are also parades  a street party which are great. Be aware that the hotels located right on the beach are extremely busy and much noisier and do not have the same quick access to any of the aforementioned areas, except the beach. Our package included a daily American breakfast (hot  cold food) which is served in front of a 3 story oceanarium. Whilst the setting is stunning, the quality of the hot food and pastries was poor. We opted to eat toast, cereal, fresh /canned fruit and yogurt, so not much value for money, and indeed we only used 6 days of vouchers. Given our breakfast experience, we opted not to eat at the hotels restaurants for other meals. Instead, we went to the bars  restaurants at a number of the absolute beach front hotels at the International Market end of Waikiki Beach. Dukes Bar in the Outrigger Reef was probably the pick, but I never want to eat another hamburger! There is a modest pool and large deck area at the hotel, we used it one morning, but frankly the beach is the place to be. Buy a lye-low or tube to float on, or just wallow on the beach or sea pool areas. We decided to book a trip to see the volcanoes on the Big Island of Hawaii. We opted for the 1 day fly, helicopter and self drive tour. Staff at the hotels travel desks were great (esp Debbie), no hard-sell and had good insight into the tours. The volcanoes are stunning and the highlight of the trip. We splurged on the helicopter, but it was worth every cent as we got to see much more from the air than from the ground esp. a perspective of the entire landscape, inside the active crater, lava flows amazing. After the helicopter we drove back to the park to explore the lava fields on foot. Walk the extra 2-3 miles from the road area into the fields as this is were lava will still be flowing, take plenty of water a real WOW factor, once you consider that you are actually standing on the youngest earth in the world! We had a great stay  holiday despite our 1st nights experience and we would return to the hotel, but we would sacrifice the American breakfast for an Ocean Front room!  
<Date>Sep 22, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location Stayed there for our honeymoon in August. Got a room with great views (partial ocean to the right with diamond head crater in front). The hotel is at a great location, across the street from Waikiki beach (think all hotels are except the Sheraton Moana Surfrider) and is walking distance to many shops, malls, and restaurants. If you don't want to venture out for a meal, the main restaurant in the hotel has a three story aquarium with a pretty good buffet. Also, a local told me the Japanese restaurant in the hotel is one of the better ones. The rooms were clean and of good size. Overall this is a great value!!  
<Date>Sep 4, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>8 great days We just got back from 8 great days in Honolulu, staying at the Pacific Beach hotel. The location was perfect with the beach just across the street and so many good restaurants within walking distance. We had an ocean front room that was spacious and with the curtains open gave us a fantastic view of the ocean and the early morning surfers. The stafff was extremely friendly and helpful all the time. We toured other hotels on the strip and felt we had the best deal and the best location. We are coming back next year and will stay at the Pacific Beach hotel again.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Value...Would Stay There Again We just returned from an 8 day stay at the Pacific Beach and were very happy with the accomodations. Although the rooms were not luxurious, they were nice, clean, and spacious. Personally, I would much rather spend my money doing things on my vacation rather than on the room. When booking this hotel ask for a room on a high floor of the beach tower (to avoid any Waikiki Beach noise-we were on the 11th floor and there are 17 floors) not the oceanarium tower, (although those rooms are nice too) since it is closer to the beach. An ocean view (which was what we had) gave us a great lanai with a beautiful view of the beach. We were on the side of the building, and the ocean was off to our right. If you wanted a full view of the ocean, we were told we would have to pay an an additional $40 per night. We were satisfied with the lovely view that we had though. The staff was very friendly, and always had a smile. The location was great (closer to Diamond Head and the Honolulu Zoo); it was directly across from Waikiki Beach, and also close to the park. Although it was busy, it was a much quieter area than other parts of the beach. It was also near the area of the ocean that has a breakwater or walls surrounding it to make the surf calm. You could choose to float around in the calm portion of the ocean or walk a few yards to the surfing area. The dinner buffet is fabulous, around $30 per person, and includes everything from shrimp to prime rib and all the trimming, as is the breakfast buffet at about $15 per adult. Denny's and Cheeseburger in Paradise are also close by and offer less expensive meal options. However, this main restaurant of the Pacific Beach Hotel offers wonderful views of the indoor aquarium, complete with sting rays, and sharks. During my stay I decided to do some laundry. There are about 4 or 5 washers and dryers on the fifth floor. I washed my clothes and then found that three of the dryers had recently broken. There were two people ahead of me waiting for the dryers and I had a dinner reservation that evening. Upon calling maintenance, they determined it could not be fixed that evening. I spoke to the manager of the hotel and told him about my dinner reservation. He promptly had housekeeping pick up my wet laundry, dry it, fold it, and returned it to my room, so I could make dinner that evening. That accomodation really made an impression on me. As a whole for the price, I would definitely recommend the Pacific Beach Hotel.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Travellore
<Content>Maybe you have to be from out of town.... We stayed for just one night in May because it was my birthday. Our room wasn't ready when promised so we paid more for an upgraded oceanview room. The view was terrific but the room reeked of stale cigarette smoke and the blowdryer did not work. The jacuzzi downstairs had only one working jet. A disappointment. Obviously we were not very wanted guests for only one night. So I guess if you're a tourist staying for longer it's ok. I don't recommend it if you're a kama'aina.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chickywombles
<Content>Good Value if you get a recently renovated room. Just returned from Honolulu. Spent 10 days at the Pacific Beach Hotel. The location of the hotel is great. Right across the street from Waikiki Beach and located in the quieter section of Waikiki.We originally booked an Oceanfront room in the Beach Tower. The view from the room was very nice but the room itself was awful. Not very clean, tiny and probably not renovated in 25 years!However, the very friendly staff at the front desk (particularly David) were very sympathetic and offered us another room.We finally found a very comfortable oceanview room in the Oceanarium tower that was actually less expensive! We ironically downgraded to a superior room that was very clean, spacious and offered a magnificent view of the ocean and Diamond Head. It was as if we had gone to another hotel! My advice to anyone considering a stay at this hotel is to ask for a more recently renovated room and hopefully you will get one that also provides a beautiful view.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Comfortable I stayed here Mar.6-10,2003.This is my second time visit to Hawaii,and my first time stay at the Pacific Beach.I had particail ocean view room, is very comfortable,huge and clean.The location is good,neary park,it's very great place,have no similar park in Japan.Everything is comfortable.Fortunately,this time is Good weather,I have very relax,will return the Pacific Beach.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent value! Stayed at PB Hotel for 5 nites in early July and was not disappointed at all. My experience at the hotel exceeded all the positive reviews I'd read on the internet. The location is great -- just across Kalakaua Ave from Waikiki Beach; less than 100 yards to Kuhio Ave to catch the bus line; 3 minute walk to Kapiolani Park; in general, at the quieter end of Waikiki . The staff was extremely friendly and attentive to our needs. Stayed in the tower away from the beach. All public areas of the hotel and my guest room were modern, bright and very well maintained. Bathroom was on the small side but had new fixtures and very clean. For a standard class hotel room which I found at great rate of $89 per nite on Orbitz, I had a partial ocean view and a city view from my balcony -- an excellent bargain! I liked the fact that the property did not smell musty or damp at all, like many hotel properties in Hawaii or anywhere in the tropics can smell due to the constant heat and humidity. The hotel staff do an excellent job in keeping the place sparkling and looking well kept and put together. I would definitely recommend this property to anyone and would stay there again with hesitation.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice clean hotel I spent 8 days at the Pacific Beach Hotel and found it quite nice. They originally set me up for an ocean view room, but it was a smoking room, so I opted for a partial view non-smoking room. The partial view room is nice, housekeeping was great and aside from occasional loud teenagers the hotel was quiet. I wouldn't recommend the Oceanarium restaurant - the $30 dinner buffet was not worth it.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just got back I just got back from my first trip to Hawaii. 6 days, 6 nights at the Pacific Beach Hotel. It's a nice, clean comfortable hotel...with the Oceanaquarium being a must see. Had their buffet breakfast everyday...it was part of my travel package. It was nothing special, typical french toast, eggs (too runny for me), bacon, sausage. But it helped...I didn't have to spend money on buying breakfast. There is a McDonald's right across the street..just in case.The room was your standard hotel room. Great comfortable size for my 10 year old son and myself. Nice size lanai (balcony). The hotel provides 2 beach towels to be used, but brought back each time for replacement. They also give you complimentary beach sandals (nothing special, one size), but comes in handy. Our housekeeper kept us furnished with towels, and to my surprise cleaned the sand out of my personal sandals.My son  I grew so comfortable and accustomed with the hotel, that when we left, it felt like we were leaving our own home. We had an ocean view room. The one we had (room 816), was a side view looking at the beach and west, with a couple of other hotels. But the view was still great. One complaint about the room would have to be, the noise from either the restaurant across the street air conditioning sytem, or the hotel's air conditioning system. It was constantly on..which led to humming sound. It wasn't that bad, since we were out most of the time. But if you had the balcony window open, you heard it. One other minor complaint would have to be the uncomfortable matress...stiff as a rock. I woke up with a backache everday. My son had no problem, but he's 10.Don't expect to see a nice big hotel pool. It's just a lap pool that goes up to 6 ft. While we were there, it was being used by little children and their parents. It does have a jacuzzi though.I plan on going back hopefully next year, if not sooner. I would definitely stay at the Pacific Beach again and would highly recommend it to others.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Below expectations for a four-star hotel I would not recommend a standard room - they are well below the standard I expect for a 4-star hotel. The carpet was old as the hills, they put me in a smoking room and wouldn't move me, the sheet had multiple tiny rips in it, the safe was broken and ate my quarter, there was no phone by the bed, and even the glass in the bathroom had old toothpaste saliva around the rim - disgusting! The location is great, the restaurants are extremely good. I _might_ stay there again if I got a very good price on a room that is better than standard. Would be interested in what folks thought of the partial ocean view rooms, the next step up.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pacific Beach Hotel We stayed at the Pacific Beach Hotel. Excellent service, fantastic location literally just 50 steps from the beach. Great views from its Beach Tower balcony.Would recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hawaii is out of this world We have just returned from our trip to Hawaii we stayed at the Pacific Beach Hotel which has a huge fish tank right in the restaurent,a diver goes in a few times a day to feedthe fish.We can not fault this hotel right on the beach and very friendly staff.This was a special holiday for us as it was our 25th wedding anniversary and the hotel made it for us.We would recommend this hotel to anybody.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great start to a Honeymoon Spent the first five nights of our honeymoon at the Pacific Beach hotel and had a great time. The location is spot on within easy reach of everything you need and the best part of the beach. The rooms were a little dated but a good size, clean and you couldn't fault the service. Didn't use the restaurant but the oceanarium looked very impressive. Staff (like most Hawaiians) were friendly and helpful. We'd definitely consider coming back here.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LoveToTravelAlbanyNY
<Content>Very Nice This hotel is very nice . . . the best feature is the location. It is right across from the beach and is so convenient to most everything. The rooms are not fancy but are clean. Being in the heart of activity, it is a bit loud but this is to be expected. Choose the ocean tower and get a room on a higher floor.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2003
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>pearlking222
<Content>enjoyed the stay We went to Waikiki on May 8-14. We stayed at the Pacific Beach Hotel. It was a pleasant experience. When we first arrived we were greeted so nicely. The rooms were oceanfront, giving us a good view and plenty of room. The rooms were not very lavish, but were nice, neat, and clean. The service at the hotel was outstanding and everyone was friendly. The location is excellent. The hotel is right on the beach (the main street is actually between the hotel and the beach, but it is that way with the majority of the hotels). We would just walk right out of our room and be on the beach or going to one of the shops. Hawaii is perfect and I would definately stay at the Pacific Beach again.  
<Date>May 17, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Helking
<Content>Excellent hotel for the money This was our final hotel out of three during our stay in the Hawaiin islands, and we couldn't have asked for enything better, particularly as the price was so reasonable. The room was large, light and airy, nicely decorated with a wonderful view (we were on honeymoon so had been upgraded to an ocean view room.) The main part of the hotel was very smart, the restaurants were good, and the oceanarium amazing. The location of the hotel was excellent too being on the best stretch of waikiki beach, we would stay here again without a doubt.  
<Date>May 6, 2003
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The best place we've ever stayed   showReview(982327, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 24, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We'll definately return to the Pacific Beach Hotel   showReview(924816, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 26, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Clean with a great location.   showReview(922689, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 23, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The heavenly end of Waikiki   showReview(919238, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 18, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Happy and Comforable at the Pacific Beach   showReview(835754, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The greatest place that i have ever been   showReview(822099, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 9, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, decent price   showReview(727022, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 29, 2002
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great location   showReview(718047, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 17, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wasn't impressed   showReview(711778, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 7, 2002
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Highly recommendable - good location   showReview(643442, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 23, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍙嬩汉銇ㄣ儠銉╂梾琛?#x201d;   showReview(22855416, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>building_japan
<Content>銇撱伄鍊ゆ銇с€併亾銇珛鍦帮紒   showReview(21367199, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	3	4	3	4	

<Author>micotan
<Content>銉偆銈偔銉撱兗銉併亴鐩伄鍓?#x201d;   showReview(21360711, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	3	4	

<Author>銈儯銉冦偡銉?> 銈儯銉冦偡銉?</a> </div>
<Content>鏃ユ湰浜恒伄棣存煋銇裤伄銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(21293674, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	3	2	

<Author>whochang
<Content>鏅壊銉愩儎銈般兂锛佺珛鍦般倐銉愩儎銈般兂锛?#x201d;   showReview(21194069, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>ucchan
<Content>姘存棌椁?#x201d;   showReview(21115292, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>娴枫仹娉炽亷銇熴亜銉曘偂銉熴儶銉煎悜銇?#x201d;   showReview(21745148, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>yuu912
<Content>绻佽彲琛椼倰鏁ｆ鍑烘潵銇俱仚   showReview(20859538, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	5	3	3	

<Author>pochiinu1
<Content>閮ㄥ眿銇嬨倝銇満銈併亴鏈€楂橈紒锛堛偑銉笺偡銉ｃ兂銉曘儹銉炽儓锛?#x201d;       閮ㄥ眿銇嬨倝銇満銈?/a>  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>銇傘仯銇?> 銇傘仯銇?</a> </div>
<Content>銉偣銉堛儵銉?#x201d;   showReview(20742815, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>娴枫亴鐩伄鍓嶃€?#x201d;   showReview(21744519, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇ㄣ仸銈傝壇銇嬨仯銇熴仹銇欍€?#x201d;   showReview(21744413, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>銉熴儷銈兗
<Content>銈勩仯銇便倞鍙ゃ亜銇嬨仾   showReview(20004759, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>booon
<Content>鐪恒倎銇屾渶楂橈紒   showReview(19812900, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>寰銆?#x201d;   showReview(19915089, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉偣銉堛儵銉炽伀姘存棌椁?#x201d;   showReview(19915058, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瑕瓙閫ｃ倢銇亰銇欍仚銈?#x201d;   showReview(19915005, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉撱兗銉併伀杩戙亸銇︺儶銉笺偤銉娿儢銉?#x201d;   showReview(19915003, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍓插畨銇с仢銇撱仢銇撴ソ銇椼倎銈嬨儹銈便兗銈枫儳銉?#x201d;   showReview(19172628, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>琛屻仯銇︺亶銇俱仐銇?#x201d;   showReview(19172035, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉偆銈偔銉撱兗銉併亴鐩伄鍓嶏紒   showReview(19171848, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉償銉笺偪銉笺伀銇娿仚銇欍倎锛?#x201d;   showReview(19169965, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉償銉笺偪銉笺伀銇娿仚銇欍倎銇с仚   showReview(19169568, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>蹇樸倢銈傘仐銇亜銆€鍒濄儚銉偆锛?#x201d;   showReview(19169561, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瀹夊績搴?#x201d;   showReview(19169516, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瀹舵棌鏃呰   showReview(19169327, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>1浜恒仹銈点兗銉曘偅銉炽仐銇?..   showReview(21803205, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>渚垮埄銇с仐銇?#x201d;   showReview(19168346, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉偆銈偔銇仐銇︺伅銇俱仛銇俱仛   showReview(19167854, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>閬庛仈銇椼倓銇欍亸銆佷究鍒┿仾銉涖儐銉仹銇欍€?#x201d;   showReview(19166170, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏅壊鏈€楂橈紒   showReview(19166035, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鑹績鐨?#x201d;   showReview(19165258, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏅壊銇屾渶楂樸仹銇椼仧   showReview(19164748, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 29, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottima posizione!!! Buona qualita'/prezzo   showReview(11661569, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉曘儸銉炽儔銉兗銇儧銉嗐儷銇с仚   showReview(19161757, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇屻仯銇嬨倞銇с仐銇?#x201d;   showReview(19161746, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈勩仯銇便倞銉忋儻銈ゃ伅鏈€楂樸仹銇欍€傘儜銉┿儉銈ゃ偣銇с仚銆?#x201d;   showReview(19158225, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 20, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>渚垮埄銇儧銉嗐儷   showReview(19157709, 'full');   
<Date>May 20, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>蹇仼銇с仚锛?#x201d;   showReview(19156958, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 11, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉兂銈裤偒銉兼淳銇伅渚垮埄   showReview(19156797, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 17, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>渚垮埄銇с€併儶銉笺偤銉娿儢銉仹銆佹捣銇岃繎銇勶紒   showReview(19930342, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 13, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>閮ㄥ眿銇簩銇ゃ儥銉冦儔銈掔疆...   showReview(19928377, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 28, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉忋儻銈ゃ伀鍥涘洖鏃呰銇ц...   showReview(19928054, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 14, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>閮ㄥ眿銇崄鍒嗛亷銇庛倠銇汇仼...   showReview(19927850, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 6, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>浠婂洖涓¤Κ銈備竴绶掋伄鏃呰...   showReview(19927695, 'full');   
<Date>May 27, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>璩戙倓銇嬨仾鎵€銇亗銈嬨伄銇?..   showReview(19927660, 'full');   
<Date>May 25, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>1锛︺伄銉偣銉堛儵銉筹紗銉?..   showReview(19925547, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 29, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>锛撳熀銇傘倠銇嗐仭銇偍銉儥...   showReview(19925138, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 15, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈兗銈枫儯銉炽儶銈儬銉汇偪...   showReview(19924735, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 1, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉偆銈偔銇腑銇с倐涓€鐣?..   showReview(19924718, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 1, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍫存墍銇€佹捣銇洰銇墠銇?..   showReview(19924034, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鎶介伕銇у綋銇熴仯銇熴儎銈兗...   showReview(19923400, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 8, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>涓夊害鐩伄銉涖儙銉儷銇с仚...   showReview(19922913, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 16, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍙ゃ亜瑭便仹鎭愮府銇с仚銇?..   showReview(19922633, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 3, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉撱兗銉併亱銈夈倐杩戙亸銆併儧...   showReview(19919554, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 8, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏂板鏃呰銇с儻銈ゃ偔銈伀...   showReview(19919487, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 4, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉涖儐銉伄鍫存墍銇腑蹇冦亱...   showReview(19919143, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 12, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绉併亴鍒╃敤銇椼仧銇ㄣ亶銇偄...   showReview(19918821, 'full');   
<Date>May 19, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉斻兂銈亴銇嬨倧銇勩亜蹇仼...   showReview(19917612, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 9, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇ㄣ伀銇嬨亸澶с亶銇忋仸銆佸...   showReview(19917404, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 27, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

