<Author>familyKim
<Content>HGVC Kalia: still ok, but not exactly luxurious In an earlier review of this property (2006), I had given it high marks for what is essentially an urban resort on a beach. Back then it seemed well run with the occasional long wait, but it was always clean, courteous, and well maintained. We are HGVC owners and we we return every year at Christmas week. it seems this year something has gone wrong. Even though there are way fewer guests than in previous years, the staff seems very sparse and overworked (with the exception of the HGVC sales personnel, who are on overdrive trying to sell more units). Yes, the new refurbished lagoon is now open and most of the construction seems to be done, but when it comes down to it, the difference between an aggravating and pleasant experience often rests on the shoulders of competent and adequate staffing.To be specific, when we arrived to check in at Kalia tower, there was no valet parker, no bell hop to help us with our 3 suitcases and 3 backbacks and baby gear, and a line of 8-9 cars just sitting in the driveway with a bunch short-tempered people trying to get in and out. We had to circle around a couple times because there was simply no way to sit there double-parked and unload our car without blocking people in. When we checked-in we were told there was no luggage rack either, so we had to drag all our stuff (with small children) ourselves. It's not that we minded the work, but it is a very different experience than in previous years when we only had to wait 5-10 minutes until a bell-hop came by. We had to leave our car keys with front-desk until someone could come by and park our car.The Mandara Spa facilities, which usually are clean and well-run, also seemed to be suffering. The shower drains were so clogged, I was ankle deep (wearing spa sandals) after about a 6 minute shower. With other people's hair floating around my ankles! The wet-sauna was unusable (broken) and some of the post-shower amenities (hairspray, brushes, etc. were either missing or unreplenished. But the masseuse and facialist both were as excellent as before.Our room had a terrible stink of mildew coming from the bathroom and the hardwood floors had a gritty, dirty residue (the bottoms of our bare feet would turn dark grey after walking around the room). I had liked that these rooms were usually perfectly clean, so this was disappointing. In past years when encountering workers at Lagoon and Kalia HGVC buildings or on the grounds, they would usually greet us and let us pass. This year they pretend they don't see us or other guests and amble along at their tired pace dragging their cart or equipment, ignoring the crowd of people building up behind them. I don't blame them if they do more then their usual share and are tired, but I have to say that this isn't the 'luxury' or even solidly competent resort service I have grown accustomed to at this property.It is still a great location, but if you come in the next couple of months, don't have very high hopes. For whatever reason, this is not the place it used to be.Addendum: my brother is an owner in the Grand Waikikian and he was sorely disappointed by how slip-shod the quality control was. The washer-dryer malfunctioned, the dishwasher needed to be repaired. He and his wife had to spend hours of their vacation getting people to come fix these things again and again (they didn't fix it the first or second time).  
<Date>Dec 25, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>LiverpoolDave
<Content>Fab Hotel , nice place , expensive prices I booked with Expedia to travel from Manchester (Uk ) to OAHU which took in 3 flights each way , Man to Chicago to La to Oahu and back with American Airlines and I was a little worried beforehand because of the changes , but it went like clockwork and I had all the boarding passes for my party of 5 pre-printed at Manchester , we just booked our luggage in there and didn't see it again til OAHU , the flights were great and whilst there is little entertainment on AA planes they are nice and new and safe looking , if you know what I mean . So after 22 hours we arrived in OAHU and we had booked Charlies CAbs online to pick us up , again perfect , they were there waiting for us and whisked us to the Lagoon Tower . WOW , what a place . As mentioned in other reviews they are the business , we had a 2 bedroom overlooking the Lagoon and the Ocean and it had everything , all free as well apart from the coffee which had to be purchased each day . Washing machine and dryer on the landing was free as well . Rooms were breathtaking with the view , as we overlooked the party area we were treated to many shows whilst sitting on our balcony sipping a beer or two which we bought from the ABC shop . The Hilton charge approx $8 a beer plus tip whilst they sell it on site for $12 for 12 cans , pop in your fridge and away you go . Food is samey and dear , our party regulary spent $150 + for a burger meal each with a beer and 1 afters , eating at the Hilton was out unless we ate sandwiches so we walked to the Outrigger ( next hotel down ) and had many meals there , spectacular views and nice prices and nice walk . The Hilton is right at one end of Waikiki but the walk into town is brill , nice places to eat and drink there ( Planet Hollywood etc ) and top shops . We jumped the bus to the Aloa Moana centre ( $2 each and 4 stops down the road ) where we shopped a lot and drank a lot , top place . Waikiki itself is a place of contrasts , the beach is Ok , no powder white sand but good enough and the water is Ok , not blue but green , in some places it is fab in others not so . Can't take beer onto beach , must have ID on you to buy it even if you look 78 years old , can't smoke hardly anywhere even outside, unfriendly staff with no sense of humour who cant speak English , it felt sometimes like a police state gone mad . Weather in Oct was a nice high 80's if the sun was out and 70's at night , we stayed for 12 days and had 8 good ones for sitting on the beach . $15 a chair or $30 an umbrella a day take your fancy ? thought not , get along to Wallmart and buy them for $7 each . There are lots of nice places to snorkle and swim and dive etc , Waikiki is not one of them by a long shot . Surfing looked OK if you liked being anti-social , not one of them spoke to us as they walked past with their boards , they were always on there own and not one of them ever smiled , I don't know what it is about surfing but it must be better than it looks . There is no coral to snorkle over and the tides are really strong so there is nothing to see off Waikiki apart from grey sludge. It is ok to walk along and it is nice and romantic but if you are after South Pacific beaches then be prepared to travel or try another island, but be warned that , as with LA , there are people begging on the beach as it is public and they will ask you for spare $'s or cigs as they sleep rough every night due to the warm weather , they are not threatening or pushy , just a nice enquiry every now and then but the problem does exist and is off-putting . Other hotels looked nice but their beaches were tiny , it was a hop skip and a jump into reception from the water's edge , at the Hilton they have a large beach area and a gorgeous Lagoon which is fresh waterish and man made with fish etc to swim on and is safe for kids . As the holiday wore on we noticed that the island is set up for the large influx of Japanese visitors and all the main shops are staffed by Japenese staff , they do not like it if you browse and ask to look at something but don't end up buying , it was a little cheap being hassled in the hotel shops because I wanted to know a price of an item but was not interested in buying when I was told the hugely inflated price , the contempt in the guy's face was quite something . It was the same all over the island , if you look and dont buy be prepared to kick the door down to get out of the shop. This gets annoying after about 1 day . We tripped out to Pearl Harbour , got there at 8.30am and stayed for 3 hours , it wasn't too busy and was a nice way to see the Harbour and the Arizona Memorial which was moving . We booked at the Hotel and no doubt payed a little more than we should have but we felt safer doing so . So to sum up , Expedia were magic , AA were great , Hotel was fab but really expensive , beach and water was not as advertised in the brochures and the vagrants and beach bums were a shock , Honolulu is mainly Japanese orientated an was extremely up-market and the food was burgers or starve and as long as you followed the 1001 rules and regs of the Island then all was OK , so all in all I would rate this as a 6/10 holiday , wouldn't go again but glad I did to see it for myself .  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>3	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Chitownee
<Content>Everything you can imagine, not for relaxation This hotel was the busiest hotel I have ever stayed at. There was a long line just to check in ...thank goodness for the Hilton Honors line. It's like a little town in and of itself. It's very hectic yet fun...we came from four nights in Kauai and were a little shocked at the congestion and the crowds. But we are city people and loved being back in the swing of things. You literally don't have to leave this village at all...there is shopping, eating and pools pools and more pools. We stayed in the Rainbow Tower. Great views...2 balconies in our room. The room as just ok --- no frills, basic room with a small bathroom. Carpet was a little dirty but the bed was the standard Hilton bed. Food was outrageously expensive ($14 burger) at the grill by the pool, and the bfast buffet was nothing to write home about. The noodle shop in the village was tasty and cheap. We ventured to many sushi stops outside of the village. It was a nice stay. I would stay again because I like the hustle and bustle of the hotel. If you don't like crowds, noise and people, then stay away.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>SwainFamily
<Content>Beautiful! Great Stay! We stayed at the HHV Lagoon tower in May 08 as a timeshare vacation exchange and had a fantastic time. The rooms are absolutley beautiful. These are timeshare units so they have everything you could possibly need. We stayed in a 1 bedroom lagoon view room. View was awesome of the newly renovated Duke Kahanamoku Lagoon. Full kitchen, comfy bed, large sofa bed, upscale tropical furnishings, free washer/dryers on each floor. These are like the apartment you wish you could have in Hawaii! Staff is super nice and helpful. Concierge desk in lobby as well as complimentary juice in the mornings. Super pool is very refreshing and there was always a chair. Beach fronting the hotel is great. Now you will find better beaches around the island but this is the perfect Waikiki Beach. Not too crowded but not isolated. Couple of different stands for beach rentals that were actually reasonably priced! ABC store on property as well as luxury shopping like Louis Vuitton, Prada and Dior. It is a busy resort but we never felt like part of a herd or anything. The only issue I had was the parking. The $$$ was outrageous. Now we vacation in Hawaii several times a year and I know that every single resort/hotel charges for parking as it is outsourced but the HHV was almost double what we normally pay. The gentlemen working the valet are always courteous and willing to give any info needed though. As I said, this is a beautiful resort and we will definitley stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>CJFROMNJ2006
<Content>Fantastic Place- Very Expensive My sister owns one of the time shares in the Lagoon Tower so she was nice enough to let me and mom stay with her during her vacation with her and her husband. First let me just say that you never need to even leave the hotel area - everything is right there on the grounds. From great food to shopping at Dior! It's all right in the complex. There are 4 towers in the hotel. Our hotel, the Lagoon Tower was a bit back from the beach and was behind a small man made lagoon that you could swim in. There were baby baby fish in the water but they didn't bother you. There are several outside bars to have a drink at with live entertainment! The grounds are beautiful with coy ponds and flamingos. The beach was a short walk away and they were always nice and clean. In the hotel there is a mini store that is stocked with anything you could need. Every morning there were pitchers of ice cold lemon water or a fruity guava drink (boy I miss that) waiting in the lobby. Each floor also has its own washers and dryers. I loved that because I hate to go home with a suitcase of dirty clothes. The balcony was very spacious with a table and chairs. The condo had a kitchen, a livingroom, two bedrooms and 2 baths. The master had a queen size bed and the guest room had 2 twin beds. All very clean. Diamond Head is visible from the Rainbow Tower and from the beach.The grounds had lots of sitting areas, bars, an ice cream palor, a pizzeria, a small diner like restaurant with alcohol and many many many shops. The street that the hotel is on looks like Rodeo Drive if you go down 1/4 mile. Everything from Gucci to Ferragamo. Planet Hollywood to Cheeseburgers in Paradise. They had it all. There were also cheaper stores for souveniers.We had breakfast and dinner at the Rainbow Lanai restaurant. We sat right next to the coy pond that runs along side of the place. True relaxing paradise! OK now for the things I didn't like. The place is so expensive it is really ridiculous! I paid $15 each DAY for a chair and $30 a DAY for an umbrella to sit by the lagoon! The reason why they said is because the state owns the small part by the lagoon and that it is a public piece of property. I liked the lagoona area better than the pool or the beach because it was quiet and not many people were there so I paid. I also didn't like the fact that their pools are so so small! That place is huge - you think they would have more pool space. (Slightly larger than a person's in ground backyard pool). The pool didn't seem that clean to me either..kind of slimy. However the chairs were free there but too crowded for me. At the end of the stay they charged $280 for parking and room taxes. For 6 days of parking I thought that was a bit much. Also while we were there construction was going on and it woke us up at 6:30am every morning and the view from the room in the back was all construction! Things I think you should see while staying in Oahu.Waikiki BeachHave breakfast at the Outrigger Hotel (short drive away and only $10 a head)Visit the aquarium -the zoo was a waste of timeGo to Diamond HeadEat at the Top of Waikiki Restaurant (it is a revolving restaurant) the food is awesome and well priced.Drive to the North shore where they surfWe rented a car and drove all the way up the coast  around-(beautiful)Go on the Cattamaran at the Outrigger HotelWould I reccommend this place- YES! It is a wonderful place to go if you have the money to spend. To me, Hawaii was in once in a lifetime chance so it was worth every penny spent!If you like check out my photos on Flickr under people. Carole Hawaii08The pictures are of Oahu and The Big Island.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	3	4	

<Author>tempdragon
<Content>Excellent Stay at the Kalia Tower       The Hilton Dock, for the submarine excursion  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Haole_50
<Content>Another great stay!       Our room_4  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>minifig
<Content>Lovely, Spacious Accommodations in Central Location Our family of five (three children 12 and under) stayed in a 2BR at the Lagoon Tower at the Hilton Hawaiian Village (the Grand Vacations Club tower) because we wanted the central location and the on-site amenities of the Hilton Hawaiian Village and we weren't able to guarantee adjoining rooms in the other (hotel) towers.The timeshare/condo we stayed in was beautiful, new, well-appointed and spacious. My favorite part was waking up (early...we were still on EST) and seeing the surfers at dawn on Waikiki Beach from the balcony of our room(s). One word of caution is that many of the extras at the HHV are pretty expensive. In addition to the $25 (or more?) daily parking fee...it costs $40 for a beach chair (per day, but no partial day rates available) ($200 total per day for beach chairs for five!); $20 per 1/2 hour for a kayak on the lagoon; $90 pp (plus tip) for a 2 hour surfing lesson; $20 pp for a lei-making lesson. We realized when we went off-property that the prices were lower elsewhere on Waikiki Beach (even at other hotels) and much lower elsewhere on Oahu.To be fair, we also enjoyed the free extras. The kids really enjoyed the penguins and the penguin and turtle feedings. We were disappointed to find that the Bishop Museum no longer has a small site on the property of the HHV.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>NICinVIC
<Content>Great Location at a reasonable price       view from room  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>CnJLasVegas
<Content>Nice place Wife n I stayed 4 days at the Village, Checkin very confusing, front desk not real nice,night life just Ok, Beaches very nice ,surfing instructors very nice, food is good,store prices higher better off getting everything off grounds,rooms nice clean, roomservice was very attentive, will not stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jjvictoria
<Content>Best spot on Waikiki We had a terrific stay at the Hilton Grand Vacation Club last week. The 2 bedroom unit was beautifully decorated and we were on the 19th floor and had an incredible view of the ocean. The kitchen was well stocked - even though we didn't do any cooking. The only negative was that there are no bbq's at the resort - as we like to cook in occassionally.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>degroohj
<Content>Great Honeymoon! My new husband and I had the opportunity to stay at the Hilton Hawaiian Village for our honeymoon from January 5th through the 12th of this year. I must say, after reading some of the reviews on this resort, I was extremely anxious to arrive to either confirm or deny the comments of other travelers. I am happy to report that our stay at the resort was met with pure optimism and an amazing experience.We arrived at the Hilton late in the evening on a Saturday after a long flight from New Jersey. My parents are Hilton Grand Vacation Club members, and were gracious enough to give us their timeshare for our honeymoon as a wedding present. Therefore, we stayed in the Lagoon Tower. When we got off the shuttle, our bags were taken immediately to our hotel room without hesitation nor pressure to be tipped. We were guided to our tower and immediately checked in without any problems. I had heard on this site that the resort was currently under construction in certain areas, which is true. We were lucky to be placed in a room on the 14th floor facing the lagoon and the ocean instead of that. We had a fantastic view from our room, where we were able to see almost the entire resort as well as the water. The room was very clean, as well as the balcony. My only complaint concerning the room was the bathroom, where I was expecting a separate tub and shower after staying in other 1 bedroom condos through Hilton in the past. However, this is not a necessity.The places to eat in the resort can be very expensive. However, with the location of the Hilton being in the midst of Waikiki, dining options are endless outside of the resort. I would recommend dining at Bali at the Sea in the Hilton, due to the quality of both the service as well as the food. It isn't cheap, but if you go at 6pm Monday through Thursday, ask for the Sunset Dinner Special, where you receive a special menu with dining entrees at a reduced price. As for the resort itself, it has absolute character and appeal. I found it to be absolutely beautiful, whether you were at the beach or on the sidewalk on Kalia Ave. The service was fantastic. We were always greeted whether we were arriving or leaving our tower in the resort. Questions were always addressed on the spot and handled accordingly. I would definitely recommend this resort for couples despite past reviews saying it is more family oriented. Vacations are what you make out of them. Yes, there were families with small children at the resort during our stay, but in no way did it hinder our awesome experience.I must say that I'd been monitoring the progress of the construction around the Lagoon Tower since reading reviews about this in the summer, but for the most part the construction has pretty much passed. The lagoon itself is completed and gorgeous. The Grand Waikikian, which is the new tower in the resort, is diagonal and behind the Lagoon Tower, so it does not create an eye soar. If you book the timeshare for a week in Hawaii, do yourself a favor and request for a room with a lagoon view. Mention that your vacation is a special occasion of some sort (i.e. honeymoon, anniversary, significant birthday celebration...anything), and this will increase your chance of having a room with a view.  If you're looking for an active honeymoon full of activity as well as relaxation, the Hilton Hawaiian Village and Lagoon Tower will provide just that! Enjoy!  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Vacation_Lover98
<Content>Awesome place to stay       Entrance to HHV  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JerrySanDiego
<Content>balcony view of Waikiki beach The Vacation Club is a nice alternative to the Hilton Hotel at Waikiki. It is on the same property but is based in its own 23 story building. If you can afford to pay $60 more than the cheaper hotels in Waikiki, this one offers a lot of comfort and convenient access to the beach. The car parking is expensive at $26.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	4	3	4	

<Author>oxwich
<Content>Nice hotel but the extras are expensive The hotel is big. There are a number of different hotel blocks, shops, swimming pools, restaurants and bars. If you like spectacular sea views of Waikiki, then you need to stay in Rainbow Tower, preferably on the upper floors e.g. 28 to 31, and sea facing so room numbers with 00's e.g. 001Pro's: The hotel has everything. Shops, pools, entertainment especially on friday night with fireworks, restaurants and is located at the beginning of Waikiki beach. The staff are very friendly and helpful.Con's: The restaurants are expensive. Continental breakfast is $20 and $26 if you want a hot one. Drinks are expensive with a beer costing $7.59 a bottle for Stella Artois. Want to rent a beach umbrella? That's $31 a day. Internet access? How about $12 per day or $18 if you need VPN. I tried looking for free sites and it was difficult. Parking is $20 per day.Tips: Use the ABC stores which are located in the village and all over Waikiki. Eat out. There are lots of good, cheaper restaurants than what's available at the hotel. I recommend Top of Waikiki, which I thought was going to be expensive but turned out ok. It's a rotating restaurant. The Cheesecake factory is also reasonable but be prepared to wait 50 mins for a table.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>666-HIM-666
<Content>Brilliant!       Hotel from the beach  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TwinComanche
<Content>Comfortable and convenient Stayed in the Lagoon tower for 5 nights. With tax, the nightly charge was $360. We had a one bedroom condo promoted as having an ocean view. Coming in from the curb late in the evening involved walking up a few steps with many suitcases. There is no convenient ramp to bring the wheeled cases up. Check-in was reasonably quick. Our room was on the side of the hotel, so there was indeed an ocean view...if you walked out onto the balcony and turned to the right. There was not an ocean view out the window of the unit.The tower faces the rainbow tower on one side, but the rainbow tower has an outdoor bar with fairly loud music until 10 or so each night. So you get to hear loud music instead of calm ocean breezes. The alternative, on the other side, faces a construction area and parking lot. For the week we were there, there was little construction work going on, and therefore little construction noise. The room itself is perfectly comfortable and well stocked with kitchen appliances and accessories. It isn't luxurious, but is perfectly comfortable. There is a pullout couch in the living room and a queen bed in the single bedroom. The bath is accessible to either room without anyone having to go through the other bedroom area. Housekeeping was excellent and the staff was friendly and accommodating. Checkout was quick and accurate. Overall, it was a perfectly comfortable and convenient location, but I don't think it had the luxury and relaxation factors one would expect for the price point.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	5	3	4	4	

<Author>markandirene
<Content>Renewed Vows Oct. 2007       View of Diamond Head at Sun Rise  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>smallcatoh
<Content>Great Place to Stay I bought into the Hilton Timeshare system through Florida and used my points to reserve a 2 bedroom / 2 bathroom room at the Grand Vacations Club - Lagoon Tower portion of the hotel. The room was wonderful. They have free internet, free coffee, free laundry including the detergent and the room was quite and always comfortable.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dldorset
<Content>great for family value stayed here for a week. traded a friend for a week at my marriott time share deal. great living space. be aware construction begins at 7am and it is LOUD! I would wait to stay here in about a year or so once the lagoon is completed. Staff is courteous, hilton still one of the better hotels, VERY Crowded. It was great for my attendance at a conference so we were up early but not for a relaxing time...try maui....  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	4	3	

<Author>sadHGVCowner
<Content>No Housekeeping-Stinking Garbage-No Towels - Fun??? We are new owners, bought one week HGVC in Las Vegas in Sept 2006. This was our first HGVC vacation. Being new to the whole reservation bit we dilly dallied until March to make our reservation. At that late date we were not able to get 7 consecutive nights in the Lagoon Tower. We could only get 4 nights in the HGVC Lagoon Tower and converted our remaining HGVC points into Hilton Honors points and reserved the other 3 nights in the Hilton Hawaiian Village (Tapa Tower). We reserved a 2 bedroom ocean front premier suite in the HGVC Lagoon Tower which according to my reservation confirmation go for $900+ per night. After a long day at the beach on day 2 we returned to the HGVC suite to find we had received no housekeeping. My husband contacted the front desk and was told that you have to stay a minimum of 7 nights in the HGVC in order to get housekeeping! WHAT!!!! So, each afternoon we had to stop at the front desk for towels and shampoo for the 4 of us (my husband, myself and our 2 teenagers). By the end of day 3 the garbage was stinking and overflowing and we had a pile of smelly wet towels the size of Diamond Head on the floor. We did meet up with housekeeping in the hallway every morning and they seemed very nice and very hardworking. The staff at HGVC made no effort to make us feel special. As a matter fact, I found them to be somewhat distant and aloof. Already we鈥檙e wondering if we made a mistake buying with Hilton. We plan on contacting the rep that sold us the week and ask why he didn鈥檛 tell us about the lack of service. We have been looking to buy a second timeshare but we鈥檙e sure not going to by more HGVC. We asked for a room on a high floor when we made our original reservation and on one other occasion and we got a room on the 6th floor 鈥?gee thanks! (IF ANYONEOUT THERE KNOWS THE TRICK TO GETTING A GREAT ROOM, PLEASE CONTACT ME!) The construction went on 7 am to 5 pm every day but Sunday. It didn't bother us too much because we didn't spend much time in the room. However, it was very loud so it made spending time on the lanai a bit unpleasant. We watched the fireworks on Friday night from our lanai which was nice but short (about 5 鈥?10 minutes).A couple other comments:-The Outrigger Catamaran was worth every penny. We showed up for the 3 pm trip and we had the whole boat to ourselves and the crew was wonderful. Played great tunes for us, drank champagne, sat on the net and got splashed and best of all we had several dolphins swimming and jumping right along side of us. WOW!! We couldn鈥檛 tip the captain and first mate enough . . . it was absolutely fantastic!!!-The Sunset Dinner Cruise was just average (food wasn鈥檛 that great).-Our two teenagers took surfing lessons with Pacific Soul and loved it. Had to pay $50 to get the pictures though (all of them on CD) but they were great pictures!- There is NO authentic luau on Oahu, sorry!- The book Oahu Revealed was 鈥渟pot on鈥?when they called the PCC 鈥渃heesy鈥? Way too much participation and we spent way too much time there. Ever heard of a Luau-cafeteria style? Not what I had envisioned at all. I recommend you do the self tour and see the 鈥淗orizons鈥?show at night. The fire dancers made the show worthwhile. -Rent your snorkel gear and boogie boards from Snorkel Bob鈥檚. We got it all for the whole week real cheap. Spent a lot of time at the HHV beach which was crowded but nice. We also hit the North Shore beaches which were unbelievable. Just kept the snorkel gear in the car and we were ready to go! In spite of the HGVC we did enjoy our vacation by just being together and having fun as a family.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	1	2	2	1	4	

<Author>ladychow
<Content>Loved It!!!!!!!!!!! We just returned, spent one week in Honolulu in the Lagoon Tower on the 23rd floor. The view from our balcony was just breathtaking, straight out looks to Diamond Head and side view is of the beach ... it was just amazing. I had my morning breakfast and coffee on the balcony every day! Yes, there's construction. The city is building a humongous pool, but it did not detract in any way our appreciation and pleasure of the property. It's so convenient. We actually watched the July 4th fireworks right on the beach front - it was amazing!  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>tenismom
<Content>Still Loved the Lagoon Tower We just stayed 2 nites in a 1 bedroom unit at the Kalia Tower and 4 nites in a 2 bedroom at the Lagoon Tower. This was our 1st stay in the Kalia tower and 3rd time in the Lagoon tower. We were not disappointed. We heard no construction noise in the Kalia Tower and even though our room looking completely over the construction site (12th floor) in the Lagoon tower we were not inconvenienced in the slightest. One morning it was louder than normal but we were already awake and headed out the door when it started. The rooms were exceptional. Rooms were impeccable and I am extremely particular. The service could not have been better. I would highly recommend this location and our family will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mamashu
<Content>Great-in spite of construction My family recently spent a week at the Lagoon Tower of the Hilton Hawaiian Village. Although we are owners at the Waikoloa Bay Club, bechose to spend some time on Oahu this trip. We were on the 11th floor and although our room overlooked the construction on the lagoon, our view was still magnificent. Our unit was spotless, and spacious. Both the dining area and front room had huge sliding glass doors with attached balconies. We had breakfast in the room daily, since we have food allergies, and breakfast out is always a problem. We made use of the free laundry facilities on our floor, with soap provided by Hilton. My daughter and her husband travelled with us and love to snorkle. They loved Hanauma Bay., which is about 30-45 min away from the hotel. They got there early, at the suggestion of the concierge, and had a great time. The hotel has manyrestaurants, but the area is loaded with lots of affordable (for Honolulu) restaurants. If you like gourmet food, Roy's newest Honolulu location is within walking distance. Good tourist sites in the neighborhood include the Army Museum at Ft. DeRussy. If you're military or retired military, the Hale Koa is right next door with a good PX, and nice luau. All in all it was a great place to stay. I strongly recommend it.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>DenverPhoenix
<Content>Noise, Noise, Noise We are HGV owners and booked our stay in Honululu 18 months ago. We had stayed at the HGV property in Honululu before, and enjoyed it, but this time it was very disappointing. Our thirty minute flight from Kona to Honululu took 8 hrs due to a security breach, so we left the HGV in Kona at 10 AM and did not arrive at the HGV in Honululu until almost 7PM. We were exhausted when we checked in. The room was comfortable and the views from the room were stunning. -- we were ready to recover from the wasted vacation day between Kona and Honululu.  We headed to Foodland for groceries, and when we got back there was an event on the lawn in front of the hotel. The master of ceremonies was mic-ed so high that even with the balcony doors closed, the curtains drawn, and our own music playing we could still hear him. Calls to Conceige, front desk and guest services got the same: we cannot do anything about it The event on the lawn ended at 9 PM but the music at the Shell Bar behind the lawn at another Hilton tower played until midnight. Monday morning a 8AM construction work began. The lagoon and another tower are under construction -- it's a long term project that erases the sound of the wind and the waves completely. We talked with guest services about moving rooms. They were polite, offered to show us another room when it was cleaned at 4PM, took our cell phone number, but we never heard from them again. This was one of those work harder on vacation than you do for a living experiences!  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>secondwife
<Content>Denser with people than Times Square On New Year's Eve If you're looking for a peaceful vacation, this is not the place. If you have kids who are non-stop and really loud, you'll love it and fit right in. The hotel is clean and everything is here (except a yoga class on site), but it's crowded, dense with people and not relaxing. It's like booking a hotel in the middle of a mall. The rooms are totally fine. The views are very ghetto -- high rises on top of high rises. The restaurants are expensive, but if you look hard, you can find reasonably priced places. Great (expensive) massage at Mandara spa. But parking, internet in the room and even using the gym costs extra! If you are dying to see Waikiki stay here for a weekend only -- then pick another Hawaiian island.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WhenAreWeThere!
<Content>Over Populated - Why More Construction?       More Construction  
<Date>Jun 16, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	3	5	4	

<Author>Bregante
<Content>Unbearable Noise From Construction and Event The HIlton Website is in error when it tells you there is minimal disruption from the construction noise at the Hilton Hawaiian Village. IT IS HORRIBLE!! We just spent a week in a Lagoon Tower unit that was so impacted by the construction noise in the Lagoon that we could not keep our balcony doors open during the day. Several days the construction started at 7:00 AM in the morning and continued until 6:30 PM at night. Complaints to the Hotel management were met with apologies -- but no one seemed to be in charge of the construction schedule. To add to this noise problem, the Hotel now rents out the Lawn area in front of the hotel. On the Friday of our visit we had the pleasure of listening to 1,000 vitamin salesmen discuss their sales success for three hours. This sound was amplified in both English and Spanish. What should have been a vacation in paradise turned out to be one continuous headache. Dennis and Pauline Bregante, Kentfield, CA  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	2	3	3	3	3	

<Author>LauLeePop3545
<Content>A Great Time was had by all!       More Noise  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	5	

<Author>Gallerychild
<Content>Smelled like a cesspool!! I went to the Hilton today to see the timeshare. The lobby smelled like a cesspool, and the place had dirty dishes about. The rooms are dated, and looked like something you would find in a one-star hotel. The toilet is right next to the bathtub. There is construction on-going, and guest are warned about the constant noise during daytime hours. I wouls suggest another property.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>EuropaLund
<Content>construction noise and dust.         
<Date>Feb 23, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	1	1	3	2	2	3	

<Author>WaikikiLoverToronto
<Content>Construction!       Construction  
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	5	3	4	5	

<Author>clovicelee
<Content>Good but could be great!! This hotel was beautiful in it's day!!! THe Grand Vacations CLub is located in the back of the village, which is isolated from the rest of the village. If construction is your thing, this this is the place for you!!!!!  
<Date>Dec 19, 2006
<Rating>3	4	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lifeislove
<Content>Best vacation ever       View from Kalia Tower, Rainbow tower on left, Lagoon tower on right  
<Date>Dec 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lm2300
<Content>Lagoon Tower I am a Hilton Grand Vacation timeshare owner. This was my first trip using my points which was very simple to book the stay. We stayed seven days at the Lagoon Tower. Employees were very nice and helpful at all times. They had a lot of activity and tour information available for the island of O'ahu at the concierge desk. They personally called the places and helped you schedule your tours. We did the O'ahu Nature tours. They have about 12 to choose from, but we choose to do only 3. They take you to the best places in O'ahu and give you a lot of information about the island. We visited the most beautiful beaches, waterfalls, gardens and views there is to see. Since we had an idea of what the island consisted of we used our free days to do our own sight seeing. we rented a car and revisited Lanikai Beach, the best beach in O'ahu. Very private and the sun rises in between two tiny islands. Upon our arrival we went straight to walmart and bought plenty of snacks, drinks, wine, beer, etc. Since the room had all the essentials needed to cook, we had dinner at our patio that overlooked the beach. We watched the sun set every night. There is a great place to have breakfast called Eggs and Things. It is about a block away from the Hilton and the portions are Large. Both times we went we shared our entree and had plenty of left overs. I am looking forward to future trips.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lueslopez
<Content>Kalia Tower       Construction of the new pool  
<Date>Oct 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>holicrazy
<Content>homeowner We are HGVC owners at this property and on previous visits have always enjoyed our stays. this year was the exception. The property is as always very comfortable and accommodating, but at present there is a great deal of building work going on both to the front, where they are building an underpass for delivery vehicles etc, to the side where they have closed Lagoon Tower swimming pool so as they can build a new super pool, and to the rear of the property the most noise, from 7:15 am to 5:15 pm were they are building the new tower due for completion in 2009.The noise levels whilst we were there in Sept 2006 was very disturbing and made sitting on the balcony uncomfortable to say the least, no conversation could be had. Add this to the building work going on were they are rejuvinating Lewers Street area and if you are a first time visitor, or are not prepared for this you could have a very disappointing stay.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2006
<Rating>2	4	5	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>H21
<Content>Constructions by the Lagoon and Rainbow Tower. Beware! Just returned from a 7 nights stay at the Lagoon Tower and the experience was horrible. Because they're building a new tower right next to the Lagoon Tower, all around the building have heavy constructions. They begin work at 7AM - 5PM and you can hear all the drilling and banging in your room. Extremely bothersome especially when you're on vacation and suppose to be free from all disturbances. You can't even enjoy the private pool next to the tower because of the noise. It's our first time at the Lagoon because we had purchased a timeshare promotion but because of that we were stuck in the building with no options to move into any towers! Big regrets for doing that! The overall Hilton Hawaiian Village is beautiful. When you book, make sure you go for the Ali'i Tower where we stayed last year. The amenities and services are so much better there. Also there're constructions by the Rainbow tower so beware when you book. Maker sure you ask for the side that's away from the constructions or high floors otherwise you'll be really diappointed.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	3	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Take a Hike !! We returned yesterday from our long anticipated trip to Hawaii . Now a little jet lagged and reflecting on our week there, I feel a little melancholly as I type this. I feel it necessary to let everyone know who may be going to the Lanai Tower at the Hilton Hawaiin Village, you need to be prepared to hike to the beach. Despite the information given to us as we booked our stay as Beachfront with an oceanview, we were given a room overlooking the parking deck on the backside of the complex. So instead of waking every morning to enjoy our coffee on the balcony overlooking the beach as we were told , we were less infatuated with the view of a busy city street cluttered with noisy traffic and a parking garage for a nearby hotel. And yes, we did try to change our room within minutes of seeing the accomodations only to be told there were no oceanviews available. If you are a family with small children, lugging sandtoys, boogie boards etc to the beach, be aware. By the time you finally make it to the sand, despite the fact you have wondered thru a host of upscale shopping and eating establishments, you pray no one has forgotten anything or your time in the sun will be diminished by at least another 20 minutes as you make the return trek back to the hotel. For me to say the complex was beautiful would be an understatement. Everything there was immaculate. Over the top one might say. The pool was tropical, with a Hawaiin presentation of some sort most every night, the beach was clean, and overall the room accomodations were wonderful. It is just extremely dissappointing to be told one thing and receive another. My best advice for anyone staying in the Lanai Tower is to get everything is writing, triple check accomodations before you leave if you want to be able to see the ocean and pack your hiking shoes. If you want to be close to the beach, ask for a different building.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>want to go back!!!!!! Lagoon tower the best!! ocean view from lanai was beautiful spent many of the ten day trip starting out there. I was not a time share holder and was not bothered to be one which was great, the service was good. It helped so much having a washer and dryer.. compared to prices of hotels rooms having a suite with full kitchen was worth the money.defenitly high price on the grounds but you are in hawaii and on vacation and food was excellent especially the new york deli and rainbow lanai breakfast. Only needed car for few days everything else can be seen by foot ,bus, taxi or tour from hotel. Being from florida and living on the beach at first yes waikiki may not seem so grand to some in the other views but once you see the north shore or beaches by bellows airforce base which is open to public on weekends it truly reminds you of why you went there in the first place, even though I loved waikiki beach the sunset and night time life of the beach are the best. Also something not much responce on is the audobon gardens and waterfall worth the look. So as you can see no complaints from our group of four which are military and could haved stayed next door at the hale koa for a third of the price. would do it again and book lagoon tower because it truly was worth every cent..  
<Date>Jun 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>bm
<Content>Great place to stay...wish I was still there We have justed returned from our vacation in Hawaii and we really enjoyed our stay at the Hilton Grand Vacation Club. We booked a 1 bedroom condo through the hotel and it was perfect for the family, 2 young children (3  6) and 2 adults. The kids enjoyed sleeping on the sofa bed and we had a separate room with a King size bed. We were on the 5th floor facing the Lagoon and the view was amazing. We could even see the fireworks from our room on Friday night. We are not timeshare members so we received maid service daily as well as use of the free laundry facilities, including soap. The kitchen was well equipped with a kettle, toaster, rice cooker, pots, pans, microwave and all the dishes and cutlery you need. The only two negative things I can say is that sometimes the elevators did take a while to come, but you are on vacation so what's the rush. The other thing was that the maid forgot to clean our room once, but we contacted them and they came right away to clean.This is a wonderful place to take kids, they loved the pool which is fairly shallow deepest is about 4 1/2 feet. The beach area is great for them to play, large beach area and calm water. As for the restaurants they are very expensive, but if you purchase an Entertainment Book there are several coupons in it for the resort restaurants as well as other activities.We bought groceries and ate breakfast on our lani (patio) everyday and for lunch on several occasions we went next door to the military hotel, it was much cheaper and good food, except the fish burger! If you need to buy groceries go to Foodland in the Ala Moana Shopping Centre it is cheaper that some of the other stores. If you ask for a membership card it is even cheaper, anyone can get one.If you have small children and they are not great swimmers the Atlantis Submarine excursion is perfect for them, our youngest son is 3 and not comfortable in the water, so he was not able to snorkel. We took him on the submarine and he loved it, we saw tons of fish and well as green sea turtles. It is not cheap to go, but again if you have an Entertainment Book there is a coupon for it. Children must be 3 feet tall to go on.One of the most enjoyable nights we had was going to see the Magic of Polynesia with illusionist John Hirokawa. The kids thought it was amazing as did we. There is also a coupon for this in the book.This was one of the best vacations we have had with the kids and we would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>May 31, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Lynn6
<Content>Lagoon Tower - the best We just returned from a 7 night stay in a 2 BR in the Lagoon. We are timeshare owners but still like to put in our two cents. The first four nights we stayed in a 2 BR corner unit facing the Rainbow tower. We were on the 6th floor and the lanai had wonderful palm trees that were at our level - very cool. Also because it was a corner unit, we had another lanai off the dining room. The unit was very spacious and living room quite a distance from the bedrooms. Nice kitchen area with pantry. Last three nights were supposedly upgraded but was far from it. Room needed some definite upgrading, faced the harbor but also seemed really too close the other hotel property next door. The living room was a lot smaller, dirty carpet, smaller bathroom and tattered furniture in master bedroom. We did get a couple great sunsets from our lanai but even the lanai was smaller -- what upgrade? But, all in all a lovely stay, nice to get away to the lagoon pool also ask about the hospitality room to shower before flying out (it's at the hotel)Also if more than 4 people, ask about the stretch limo to airport, in coupon book, for $29 pick you up right at Lagoon tower.(otherwise shuttle is $8 per person and you have to lug your suitcases around to Tapa tower.) Staff was wonderful, unbelieveable but they remember your name after and a couple of days and always have a hello and smile on their face.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>NVZ5BKUQ
<Content>'The only thing free is the Aloha and the morning newspaper'       Watching them watching you  
<Date>Mar 15, 2006
<Rating>3	1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>DOD Civilian       Hawaiian Statues at the Hilton  
<Date>Mar 8, 2006
<Rating>1	2	-1	-1	1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Outstanding Facilities and Service Just back from an excellent total of 8 nights (in two seperate stays) in the Lagoon Tower. First three nights with my family of four in a One Bedroom Suite. Sofa Bed and Roll Away in living room still left lots of room to move around.Last five nights I was booked in a Studio, but was upgraded to a One Bedroom Suite at no additional cost.Both rooms were on 18th Floor, with excellent views towards ocean and downtown Honolulu. Room was very clean and well maintained.As a transient guest (not a timeshare owner) in the Lagoon Tower, we received daily maid service, in addition to free wireless internet service and as much coffee as we needed. Suite kitchen facilities were well equiped and the appliances looked brand new. Also, never had to wait for the free laundry machines located on the floor either. Service was absolutely wonderful in the Lagoon Tower. Staff was very friendly and there was NO timeshare sales pressure. It was far less hectic than in the main (regular) hotel towers. Lagoon Tower pool was also very nice and much less crowded than the main pool. Only downside is that there are only 3 guest elevators for this 23 story building and no staff service elevators, thus during peak use times, the waits can be quite long.Grounds of the whole Hilton are beatuiful. Restaurants and beach services are VERY expensive, but there are other nearby, off-property, affordable restaurants and beach rental services within a short walk.I highly recommend the Wailana Coffee House for breakfast. Fast and cheap, it's hard to beat their All You Can Eat Pancake Special for just $4.95!All in all, a wonderful stay. Will look forward to returning in the future!  
<Date>Mar 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lagoon Towers - THE BEST 6 Night stay in a two bedroom. WHAT A WAY TO VACATION. The Master bedroom was extremely large, the second bedroom had two full beds. Seperate bathrooms and a sofa bed in the living room. Five stayed very comfortable... Entire family loved it.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>phylchar
<Content>What a beautiful place!!! We just returned from a 6 night stay at the Lagoon Tower. We had a 1 bedroom suite that had all the dishes and pots and pans that you would need to feed a family of 4, including a crock pot, toaster, fullsize refrigerator and a stove with ovens. The coffee was free and there were small containers of soap, a laundry basket for the washer and dryer down the hall which was free, too, broom and dustpan, iron, and ironing board, and a dining and living room area. We had a room on the 11th floor with a balcony which had 4 chairs and a table. It overlooked the Rainbow Tower, but also had a beautiful ocean view. The king size bed was very comfortable. The maid only comes once during a 7 day stay, unless you pay extra, but they provided us with fresh towels when we asked. There is a small pool and a sauna tub just for the use of the Lagoon Tower people. The best pool is the Super Pool and of course there is the wonderful sandy ocean beach. Towels are provided for swimming in all areas. There are many shops on the property, the best priced one is the ABC store, which has just about anything you would need. There is a Coffee Shop across the street with reasonable prices and good food. The restaurants on the property are pricey, but two are recommended by most travel books. The military resort next door lets you use their snack bar to buy hamburgers, salads, ice cream, etc. which are very reasonably priced.The attractions desk in the lobby was very helpful and booked us a circle tour of the island with a stop at Pearl Harbor and lunch on the North Shore, which lasted about 9 hours. It was very good. They also booked a trip to the Polynesian Cultural Center, with a luau which lasted 11 hours. The luau food was just okay, but the 7 islands were both educational and fun to visit if you like learning about the culture of the people. There wasn't enough time to do all the areas as completely as I would have liked. We did not use a car at all as we spent time enjoying the water, and walking into the city, maybe a 10-15 minute walk. The only drawback to this resort is the long wait for the elevators on check out day, everything else was wonderful. I forgot to mention that there is an airport shuttle that will take you to the resort for $8 one way or $14 roundtrip, which you just walk to at the airport, or you can take a taxi.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jimmithing
<Content>Lagoon Tower - Loved it! Wished we were still there!       View from our room in the Lagoon Tower  
<Date>Jan 22, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>nenaghgirl
<Content>what you dream hawaii should be It is everything you want it to be. The rooms are great, the beds are heavenly, the location on Waikiki is superfab. There are tons of open air bars and pools and entertainment happening everywhere. I thought it was romantic as well. Loved my stay.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing Place I stayed at this hotel for five nights and wish I could have stayed longer. You get a good value for your money and the service is great. If you stay at this hotel I suggest that you stay on the Concierge floors because they have a continental breakfast each morning and have snacks in the afternoon. All the towers have a great view of the Ocean and the beach is wonderful. The enviroment is great for kids and lots of fun for the whole family. Have fun. Aloha!  
<Date>Dec 29, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>SanDiegoErik
<Content>Be careful with room selection We just got back from our second stay at the HGVC HHV. This is a nice resort significantly set apart from most of the hotels on Wakiki. This is a good thing for us, as we don't necessarily like the chaos of central Wakiki and you do get a little more space on the beach down on the HHV end. It's also nice to have a selection of pools areas to choose from.The bad stuff - ElevatorsThere are clearly not enough elevators for this building. The wait can be extreme around check-out/in times.The PoolIt's tiny. Both time that we've been there, there were too many people in the pool and a few of them were smoking (dropping their ashes into the water).ParkingYou have to pay extra for it.The GymYou have to pay extra for it.LaundryIt's not in the unit.The Good Stuff - HHVIt's part of HHV, so you can charge things to your room, get room service and enjoy the facilities in the whole complex.ComfortThe rooms are comfortably outfitted and well maintained. For a timeshare, it is surprising to find that the beds were not terribly uncomfortable.The only other thing that I can add is that you really need to be careful about the room you select. The standard rooms are all on the back side of the building. They have just broken ground on a new HGVC tower that will be alarmingly close to these buildings. I suspect that there will be a lot of noise for the next couple of years and then neigbors that can look into your windows pretty easily. The ocean view rooms are on the opposite side. They more appropriately have an ocean peak, but do not have the problems associated with the other side. The ocean front rooms are on the end of the building and have an unobstructed, fairly spectacular view.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Ridgesas
<Content>Have Stayed at Better Resorts First trip to Hawaii, stayed at the Lagoon Tower with partial ocean view. Have stayed at many timeshare units before and the quality of this unit does not stand out. It was clean and neat but does not warrant spending an extra $20,000 over other timeshares. They try to sell you on the Hilton name but we had the same issues trying to book this one as we do other timeshares and once you enter the unit it looks the same as most other timeshares.The sand on the beach was nice but having to pay $30 for a beach umbrella and $13 for a chair is a joke. The water was a bit cold and it got really deep really fast, Waikiki is not the best beach in the world.If renting a car, order online at thrifty and pick it up at the Radison on Al Lamona avenue behind the hotel, this way you will save a bundle compared to any other rental agency. I also did not like having to pay for parking at the resort, but was told that all hotels will charge in Waikiki.Check out the International marketplace (flea market) across from the cheesecake factory on the main strip for great deals. Don't miss the Wailana Coffee House for breakfast, good food and cheap.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2005
<Rating>3	1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Love the Kalia Tower       Living Room View  
<Date>Sep 18, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous! My husband and I just got back from our honeymoon and we stayed at the Hilton Hawaii only two nights before we headed for Maui. It was so wonderful! It was a beautiful resort on a great beach! We stayed in the Ali Tower with a partial ocean view and view of the wonderful pool! Our room was awesome with a wonderful king size bed, down comforter, flat screen t.v. beautiful bathroom...we felt like we were at home! :) They staff was also great. They were there whenever you needed them! We especially loved the private little bar at the Ali Tower. The bar tender was wonderful and made fabulous drinks! We were really sad to leave and wish we would have stayed longer. We now know for next time! You'll love it here!!!  
<Date>Aug 14, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mmirsky
<Content>WOW - We loved the Lagoon tower at HGV!       ...  
<Date>Jul 20, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Breathtaking Perfection!!!!!!!!!               More photos  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>BradnCheryl
<Content>Loved our 1 week stay in the Kalia Tower We just returned from a 2 - week vacation in Hawaii. We spent the 1st week (5/14/05 - 5/21/05) in a 1 BR HGVC condo on the 17th floor, in the Kalia Tower. The condo was beautiful, we had an ocean view,  the Kalia Pool on the 4th floor was directly below our balconies. It was great just sitting out on our balconies enjoying the view of Waikiki Beach, the Rainbow Tower  the lagoon. The free washers  dryers happened to be across the hall, just outside the door of our condo. We enjoyed the shopping available on the Hilton property. We stopped at the Mandara Spa Store in the shopping area  even got 10 minute back  neck massages there, without an appointment! There is an ABC Store in the shopping area, where you can pickup convenience food, souveniers, etc. Our family loved the penquins, fish ponds, flamingos  the waterfalls in the resort. We really enjoyed our days spent on Waikiki Beach. We took our own beach mats, chairs  umbrella, to avoid paying the resort rentals. The Amercian Express desk was very helpful in booking our luau (Paradise Cove). We had a rental van, it cost $13 per day to keep it in the parking garage.Went snorkeling at Haunama Bay, beach hopping around the island, visited Ala Moana Mall  Pearl Harbor. Unfortunately, one person in our party got ill during our stay. However, she was able to see the Dr on property 1st thing the following morning. We can't wait to return to the Hilton Hawaiian Village, we had a fabulous time, absolutely no complaints.  
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>gjones16
<Content>Unforgettable Vacation!!! This was our first visit to Hawaii and we stayed at the Lagoon Towers in a 2 BR/2BA villa, March 26 - April 1, 2005 (Spring Break). The units were well equipped for a family vacation. The kitchen had granite countertops, and well appointed appliances. The master bedroom had a king size bed and the 2nd bedroom had 2 full size beds. Both bathrooms were large and exceptional clean. Washer/dryer are on each floor, but not in the room. The unit was facing the ocean, so every morning you awake to the beautiful sounds coming off of the beach. I got up early one morning a took a quiet stroll on the beach. It was heavenly. Words could not express the tranquility you feel, just walking around looking at the water.Wakiki Beach is located in the city, so there's something for everyone.We ate at many of the restaurants on and around the Hilton property. We loved the shopping and the various sights on the island.I didn't mention a lot of things about our trip, but I will say that this has been one of the memorable moments in my life. I'm already planning our next trip.Gwen Jones  
<Date>Apr 4, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>archdent
<Content>Amazing Grace!       Main pool areas at Hilton Hawaiin Village  
<Date>Mar 18, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Timeshare without Buying   showReview(2816385, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it before, not this time!   showReview(2602898, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 27, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not crazy about Hilton Hawaiian Village   showReview(2600042, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ngl
<Content>Good stay   showReview(2525396, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 12, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice, but not a good value   showReview(2479319, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Lagoon Tower is great   showReview(2270644, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>remodeled kalia tower suite (no mold and beautiful) 1/2/04-1/8/04   showReview(1615724, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Penthouse   showReview(1518345, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 15, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>avvharris
<Content>Excellent Time!   showReview(1142861, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 22, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>銈夈仼銈夈仼
<Content>鏈€楂?#x201d;   showReview(21424444, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nyanchan
<Content>銈勩仯銇便倞銈炽兂銉夈儫銉嬨偄銉犮伅銇欍伆銈夈仐銇勶紒   showReview(20549145, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	3	4	4	

