<Author>SONNYSMOM
<Content>New Year's Eve, and some redemption We had a bad, experience at this hotel. Managment DID contact us and offered to make up for it so we took them up on their offer. We stayed on NYE 2008-09. The hotel room was cleaner, and the linens were clean! Check in went smooth for as busy as it was, and overall this was a great stay. New years eve fireworks are awesome at the space needle, if you havent experienced it do so. The monorail to and from the space needle is just steps away and the westin is in a ride free area on the busses. we had a really good time. However I would only stay here if i got a good deal. the amenities are limited at this location. * I didnt think it needed updating, the interior was fine and the room didnt smell funny to me. maybe the windows could open a little bit for some fresh air.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	3	5	3	1	

<Author>cosmokazi
<Content>Good Hotel, Minor Complaint Hotel was nice, yes, maybe it needs updating, but it was fine nonetheless. It is indeed close to everything, Shopping Malls and Pike's Place Market. Hotel staff was friendly and helpful. The only complaint I have is the charge for parking- $35.00 for 2 hours is extremely excessive- especially since I was a hotel guest. I stayed one night, but the fee for parking, Internet and a bar charge were more than I paid for the room.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>Prycer
<Content>Overrated and Outdated. The location of this hotel is great and that's really about it. Not once was I told that they were doing construction nearby (I called several times). There is construction going on across the street from the South and North Towers. The construction started at 6:00am until 7:00pm. Just when I thought I would get a break on Saturday it started at 7:00am. The rooms are very outdated. This isn't the nicest Westin I have stayed at. I only stayed at this hotel due to the location and price. My original plan was to stay at The Inn at the Market. They couldn't guarantee me a water view so I canceled, big mistake on my part. Seriously spend the extra money and stay at the Inn at the Market. The hotel is beautiful and small. Back to the Westin, I was able to check in at 11:00am and was very happy about the early check in. I informed the front desk clerk that it was my birthday and could I get upgraded. He sent me to the South Tower. The room was really small and had a view of a building under construction. The room also had a big stain on the floor (I'm thinking animal urine). I couldn't figure what was the upgrade. The room looked like a basic room (nothing special). I went back down and spoke to another clerk she said she could put me in the North Tower (which has water views). She did inform me that it would have double beds though (fine with me). The clerk that originally helped me came over and loudly said What's the problem I put you in an upgraded room, which I found rude considering he didn't know what I was asking from the second clerk. I apologized for the confusion and informed him that I thought the upgrade would be a water view. I went to the second room and this had a water view but it also had a view of construction that was going on across the street. The room was a little dirty, the night stand had a layer of dust on it and one of the curtains was coming down. Also this room had a small stain on the floor as well. The only thing that was not dated in this room was the bedding. This hotel seriously needs to be updated. I paid $150 per night (and felt ripped off) and I wouldn't recommend spending over a $100 a night. (Especially with all the noise due to the two construction sites). Again, the location is great and there are tons of restaurant to go to that are in walking distance. You can also catch the airport shuttle right outside of the hotel. I do plan on going back to Seattle next year but next time I will stay at The Inn at the Market.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	1	2	5	-1	

<Author>LauraHarden
<Content>Great location! I have stayed at this particular Westin a few times and had good experiences both times. The hotal could use a bit of updating but the rooms are pretty nice and standard for Westin (nice comfy bed). Nice views of Seattle and access to great shopping. The front desk staff were ver friendly and everything was very clean. Very good over all.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>TazG
<Content>Weekender Stayed at the Westin for 2 days on the Holiday Shopping Package $199/night + a $100 gift card to Pacific Place per night.Location: Downtown Seattle everything is within walking distance. Hotel is located between the monorail and the streetcar so if you're looking for a quiet hotel I would suggest trying a different one.Hotel: Is dated needs some renovations, but I was not disappointed overall.Food: The main restaurant is in winter hours so I did not have a chance to try it.Shopping: Everything is close by Macys, Nordstroms, 2 malls and many retaliers have a street presence. Most stores open till 8 at night and the streets felt very safe. Also check with the concierge desk as they can give you discount coupons or freebies to some stores and restaurants.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Stevie390
<Content>Great location, but slightly disappointing This Westin hotel is located close to the Monorail Station and Westlake Center, a short walk from Pike Place. Its a good location in a city that's easy to get around.The room was spacious with superb bed and well-equipped. However, the decor was slightly dated and the whole feel of the hotel was rather disappointing. The lifts, lobby, corridors, and restaurant all need freshening up.Breakfast was average, with a slightly disappointingly small choice at the buffet, and rather pushy staff overly trying to persuade customers to choose the expensive a-la-carte options.I expected more for my money.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	3	4	2	4	

<Author>Sem1811
<Content>Westin Seattle - Not so heavenly... The pros: Great location, right in downtown Seattle next to all the shopping areas. Great customer service. We're upgraded to a king deluxe room on the 36th floor overseeing the city, but the room smells like B.O! We called the front desk, customer service switched us to another room on 41th floor right away. The cons: The room is outdated. Molds in the bathroom, not so heavenly towels and showerhead (the showerhead is stained with brown mildew, yew!). The first room on the 36th room South tower smells like B.O. The second room on the 41th floor North tower is clean overall, but the bathroom smells like sewage! We are truely disappointed with Westin, which is supposed to be a 4 stars hotel!  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>ftlouis
<Content>Business hotel that also handles vacations Long weekend that was made all the more memorable with an attentive and courteous staff. Great location. Stayed in the North tower with a room overlooking the bay. Others have commented about dated rooms but this one was clean. Do park next door for $18.00. There's a catwalk to the second floor of the hotel. $38.00 a day for self park is a little much even for Seattle.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Triptaker088
<Content>Heavenly Nothing!!!! Well I was beyond disapointed!! Not as to what I had seen online. The first room I was assigned was not what I booked. We returned to the front desk to address out concerns, The staff was helpful. They proceeded to uprgrade me to a better room and lowered the price. Once we returned to our new room, It was what I had thought that I orginally booked. I was under the impression that heavenly bath meant....... just that. Instead I walk into the bathroom to find a tiny little tub and a poor excuse for a shower head. The shower had no pressure along with leaking. I suppose this is Heavenly. Now that we had been in the room and had a look around I would guess that the high price is due to the view. I believe that this hotel is in desperate need of a renovation. I will not return to this hotel. I believe that it is way way over priced. Not to mention the price of Valet parking. 38.00. I was at another hotel the night before and received FREE valet service.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	3	4	-1	-1	

<Author>sg4878
<Content>Typical Westin I just have to say it - the Westin Seattle looks like two giant corn cobs jutting up into the Seattle skyline!!!! Not the prettiest place from the outside!However, the interior - from the reception area to the hallways to the rooms - is typically pleasant like most Westin properties. I stay at Starwood properties more than any other chain and this one is your typical, cookie cutter Westin (aside from the exterior!). In general, the place is well-maintained and the staff relatively professional. The rooms are a little on the small side, but for a downtown hotel in a major city, they are a good size. The Westin bed is amazing!!! Love them! One negative about the room was the smell - it was musty, almost like it used to be a smoking room and had not been properly aired out since it went non-smoking. I was not alone in this observation (I was in town for a major conference and had many colleagues/peers staying at the Westin). Great location - right in downtown, near some great restaurants (go to Dahlia!!!) but not exactly right in the middle of the madness, like the Grand Hyatt or Sheraton. Decent reception staff - accommodating, if not slightly bored-acting, which is odd considering the amount of time the keep you on hold when calling from your room; the housekeeping staff were very nice. All-in-all, a good stay here. For $200/night (which seems to be harder and harder to come by nowadays...), this property is fine.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>iceal
<Content>Enjoyed the Westin We just got back from Seattle. We stayed at the Westin Hotel in Downtown Seattle for 5 days.We booked our hotel through priceline. We were very pleasently surprised. Great hotel service from the front desk to the parking valets. The bed was great,room was clean. The carpeting needs a little update and cleaning. Service was very good. Would gladly stay again  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	4	4	

<Author>daniellepal
<Content>Overall enjoyed the Westin very much.       view from 4432  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>dscook
<Content>Ok, not great The hotel is in the heart of downtown and walking distance from everything you need. We stayed overnight after going to a play at the Paramount and it was a nice walk back to the hotel. The bed was comfy and room service was pretty fast. There is also a little convenience store a block away so you can avoid the mini bar prices. I agree with other reviewers that you get a room to match the price you pay. We used the Name Your Own Price feature and payed 1/2 the price listed on the Westin's website. We ended up with a small room right by the elevators and could hear the people talking in the hall.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>cwaves
<Content>Great Place and Location We just came back from our trip to Seattle and stayed at the Westin. First of all, great location to restaurants and to Pike Place Fish Market. Just a few minutes walk, and we were at the Westlake center mall where the monorail is at. Who needs a car, when there are free bus rides around the downtown area. When we arrived to the check in desk, the front desk attendent asked us if we wanted a room at a higher floor with a good view. Of course, we jumped at the chance of getting a room with a nice view. When we opened the door, the room was very nicely decorated and comfortable and from our room we got a view of the space needle. We were wondering such an expensive hotel that they would charge for internet connection up in the room. However, we found out that they provided free wifi in the lobby which makes up for it. One thing to watch out, don't jostle the mini vending machine that is underneath the tv. I must have moved the tv or bumped into the dresser that we got charged for something that we didn't even eat. All the food in the vending machine is electronically sensored so I guess that even a little bump can knock an item off the sensor which charges the patron for it. However, we spoke to the front desk and it got resolved very quickly. Overall, we will stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Rayner4
<Content>Just an average hotel We picked the Westin for it's location as it was right in downtown Seattle also the pictures on the website looked like it was a very nice hotel. Before we travelled we were sent an email offer to upgrade to a deluxe room with a view, we decided to do this as we had not been to Seattle before and it would be nice to have the view.At check-in the girl on reception must have been having a bad day she wasn't that friendly, we were never offered any assistance with our luggage so took it ourselves. We were put on the 47th floor which did give us a great view but the room was disappointing it was a bit older in decor than we expected from the pictures.The bathroom was clean although there were 3 long hairs stuck to the wall of the bathroom and probably are still there now !! if we could see them I'm sure the housemaid could as well.We had an issue with drycleaning, not the hotels fault but we sent drycleaning for same day service and by 9.30pm had to phone to find out where it was. The drycleaning company had a power failure and we were told it would be another hour before it was delivered, we were happy with that but the next morning it still had not arrived and we were checking out once again we had to chase it up and it was sitting somewhere in the hotel and was then bought to our room.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	4	2	1	1	4	

<Author>Springerhog
<Content>Great Location!       View of the Space Needle.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	2	5	

<Author>lexa612
<Content>Different rooms for different bookings? We booked our stay through hotwire and got a great deal at about $130 a night. I have to agree with the previous poster though, in that I think that the Westin provides different quality rooms for people who book through online discount services. When we first checked in, the lady even acknowledged that we had booked through hotwire. But for what we paid, the hotel was great! Clean rooms, albeit some stains on the carpet, a nice pool, and a great location. This hotel is great for all the central activities such as the Market, Space Needle (hop on the monorail) and great dining. All that being said, if we would have paid the $300 a night that the rooms were going for and recieved the room we did, we probably would have been a bit upset. Oh, and one other thing.....don't expect any above and beyond extras. The internet was 6$ for 15 minutes on their computers (free airline boarding pass print-out though), refrigerator stocked with pricey!!! items such that you cannot put anything else in there, and stains on some of the linens and mattresses. Again, it seems it was a case of you get what you pay for so we were not upset, but definitely will never pay full price if all the rooms are like that!  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	2	4	3	-1	

<Author>Bill99
<Content>Great stay We got the Seattle Weston thru Priceline at $125 per nite for 3 nites in September. The room was fine: good size with a couch, desk, good size bath with all the amenities. It did have a Murphy bed which was a surprise; a bit soft but it was fine. We wonder whether Priceline rooms are a bit less quality but it was fine. It was room 2050 and very quiet. We needed a few things from housekeeping and they were right there. Front desk and lobby area was bustling. It is large hotel used for cruisers and conventioneers. The pool area on the 5th floor was a nice getaway and quite clean; we used it on one of the afternoons. The hotel is centrally located to everything and we walked to Pikes Market a few times a day. For what we paid we were quite happy as rates on-line were $200+.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lilaNewJersey
<Content>Great location This was our first time in Seattle. The Westin was nice. I am saying average as I have stayed in much nicer Westins before and this one was just okay. The bathroom needed updating. The location is great, right by great shopping, monorail to the space needle, pike's market and great restaurants. I recommend staying here if you are a first timer to Seattle. We will probably stay somewhere else next time, closer to the market. I found the staff to be very friendly and helpful.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	3	5	-1	

<Author>Brewer21
<Content>Rough around the edges but nice I agree with many of the reviews that this is not the best Westin I have stayed in. The carpeting needs upgrading, some of the fixtures and furniture is a little dated and the workout facility and pool are dated as well. However, it is a very functional hotel and I have no complaints about the really important things. It was a great location, the room was clean, quiet and comfortable, the bed was great and the service was good too. Also, the concierge was very helpful to us even when recommending some out of town hiking areas. If you want a good view ask for an upper floor (20th floor and up) in the north tower. The needle was right outside our window.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>NeedATravelFix
<Content>The most mediocre Westin I've experienced This was the third Westin I had stayed in within a week (please see my other reviews for the ones in Columbus, Ohio and San Francisco), and it was not up to the Westin standard. First impressions count - and the rugs in the lobby were fraying along the edges. Front desk staff was amenable, but nothing above and beyond, considering the price tag. My room was clean and everything in working order, but I think it was smaller than an average hotel room - this may have been an optical illusion, as the hotel tower is rounded, so the rooms are round, rather than rectangular along the outside. It could be a really neat effect, but I don't think the room was oriented to make that happen. Room service breakfast was good, but overpriced (even for a Westin).When reading previous reviews of this hotel, I noticed that one reviewer mentioned that the thread count on the sheets was not up to Heavenly Bed standards - I almost brushed it off, but then I got into bed - and the reviewer was absolutely right! Having just come from two nights at the Westin St. Francis in San Francisco, the sheet texture was totally different and not as smooth.Don't get me wrong - the hotel is still better than your average hotel, and has all the amenities of a Westin. I just think that there is room to improve, especially given the $200+ price tag for the average business traveler. But one odd compliment - for a hotel with nearly 40 stories, I never had to wait long for an elevator!  
<Date>Sep 13, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	3	2	

<Author>DanielleMN
<Content>Very nice Westin I stayed at the Westin Seattle for 3 nights in early September 2008. The hotel is very nice, which has been my experience with Westin hotels elsewhere. I stayed on the 10th floor of the South Tower. At that level there is really no view other than buildings. The higher floors probably had better views, or as I discovered when I reserved the room, you can pay extra for a room with a better view.No complaints about the room, the heavenly bed is everything it is billed to be. I was a bit disappointed that there was no robe provided in my room. I had always had one before when staying at a Westin. The location is great. It is right downtown, about a block from the monorail, a block from the trolley and about 6 blocks from the Pikes Place market. I ordered room service one night, which was extremely overpriced. In that area there are many restaurant and I should have planned ahead and ordered take out from somewhere else. I did not use the pool or hot tub although I went and looked at them. They seemed small for the size of the hotel, but very nice and clean. The workout room was also small. The service was very good, with the exception of a somewhat rude front desk manager when I checked in. You should also be aware that this entire hotel is non-smoking. Smokers have to take it outside. Overall, I would stay there again if I ever was to visit Seattle again.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	4	2	4	3	

<Author>tbam
<Content>watch out I spent a single night in the Westin Seattle and left a favorite jacket in the closet as I left the room. I wasn't worried as I reported the missing jacket just six hours after check out, and I was still in town for a few days. But it was nowhere to be found, and it was only after three inquiries that anyone seemed to pay any attention to trying to track it down. The jacket has not appeared, and the only logical conclusion is that a hotel employee now has a very nice jacket. This could be expected at a budget accommodation, but not at a supposedly fine hotel. So keep close track of your things if you choose to stay there.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	4	3	1	-1	1	

<Author>yojude
<Content>Nice Westin property but have stayed in better After reading the reviews on this hotel, I had a few reservations. Although I wasn't disspointed when checking in, I did not feel that is was up to par with other Westin properties where I have stayed.The halls on the 23rd floor did smell a bit of smoke even though it was advertised as non-smoking. As for the the room , it was a good size with a comfortable heavenly bed. The bathroom did appear to be a little light on amenities. I could have used a showercap.Overall, my experience was good. As a starwood member, I opted for a lower rate in exchange for points and could not have found a better deal.I did not rent a car, and am glad that I didn't because the parking fee would have offset some of the savings. It is over $30.I would stay here again but not at the full rate.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	3	3	3	4	

<Author>DoctorHam
<Content>Wonderful Experience at the Westin We travel to Seattle 4 times a year and usually stay at the Hyatt Grand. It's true that the Westin isn't as posh as the Hyatt Grand, in terms of interior design but we loved it anyway. What made it exceptional was the accomodating staff. Particulary the front desk clerk Hillary who sent chocolate fondue with strawberries up to my daughter for her 13 birthday. We had an great view from our room, everything was clean and functioned well, the pool was a treat and the location couldn't be better. The beds were luxurious. We have no complaints and we now prefer the Westin to the Hyatt Grand. It's the people!!!  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>brooklynbs
<Content>High Marks Booked through Starwood using the cash and Starwood points option. Stayed five nights. I was in town for a wedding and business. Early check-in was not a problem.I was given a king room on the 23rd floor of the North Tower (this floor is for Starwood Preferred Guest members only). Room was immaculate except for some stains on the carpet, but you can't change the flooring after every visitor. Big room with a sofa, chair, coffee table and desk. Bathroom was spacious and well-stocked. Awoke each morning staring at the Space Needle and a vista-view of the harbor through a huge bank of windows. Natural light during the day eliminated the need to use lights. Bed was fabulous.All hotel staff were cheerful and helpful. Only complaint is that concierge staff should have a better understanding of the bus system.Room service menu was a bit slim late at night, but food wasn't bad since it came from two in-house restaurants. Very nice bar and huge lobby.Location is very good. A short walk to Pike Place and a two-minute walk to Monorail. Light rail to Lake Union across the street and bus lines run by the hotel. Easy to get a cab out front or with the help of the valet guys. My only major complaint is the hotel's charge for Internet access and use of the business center. This is obviously a trend, but I would have thought as a SPG member using points that I would have been given free 'Net and business center access. You can print your boarding pass for free, so that's a positive.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>jfbrown55
<Content>Beautiful View, Good Stay I booked this reservation directly with the hotel website. It was a mixed reward rate - 4,000 spg points and $60 a night. It turned out to be a great deal for us. I contacted the hotel prior to our arrival after reading some mixed reviews. They advised me all of the rooms had been rennovated about 3 years ago, and this Westin was actually the very first Westin in the chain. We decided to go ahead with the reservation, and I was glad we did.Our room was on the 34th floor and the view was spectacular during the day but even more beautiful at night. Our room was clean and comfy and fit our family of four with no problems.The Concierges were very helpful and assisted us with making our plans. Since we wanted to go to the Space Needle, they recommended we eat lunch there and then we would not have to pay the entrance fee to go to the top. We agreed this would be a good option, and they made the lunch reservation for us. I'm glad they did because when we arrived, I overheard the hostess at the Space Needle advise someone they were full and could only accomodate those with lunch reservations. I was about to order Crab Cakes for lunch, when our waiter informed us that the Concierge from our hotel was treating us to Crab Cakes as an appetizer. What a nice surprise! The onsite parking was very expensive ($35 a day), but on check in I asked if there were alternative parking options. The front desk rep told me we could use the parking garage right next door even though they had no affiliation with the hotel for $18 per day. This parking garage was even connected to the Westin with a sky walkway. The location couldn't have been better. Within walking distance to just about everything. The Monorail picks up right near the hotel also.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TravlinGuy
<Content>Decent Stay at the Westin The positives:Pretty good locationLots of restaurants within walking distancePike Street Market not far.Tall hotel with a good view. We could see the city and a glimpse of Elliott Bay.Nice decore.Adequate service.Excellent rate on HotwireThe negatives:Sheets weren't clean when we checked in. We had to call to have them changed. How gross.Hotel would not provide a receipt showing $0 due for incidentals. I thought that was quite odd.Hotel doesn't do the typical express checkout where they deliver a receipt to your room.Very pricey parking. We dumped our rental car, rather than pay $39/day to park.Very pricey on-site restaurantsNo one there gave good directions, including the conciergeConcierge seemed quite put off by any questionsStaff were stuffy  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	4	1	2	2	2	

<Author>Rob77Milan
<Content>nice hotel we overnight here using a special rate of business travel ( 140 dollars evry night).the hotel was very clean e and room was spacious. the position is good ( downtown) e we had a nice view of the bay and sky needle because the room was in the north tower.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>travelbunnycritic
<Content>Heavenly Bed Scam Overall this is a nice hotel, with an excellent location, close to great shopping, and business, and Seattle Center, and Library. Rooms are spacious enough.However the Heavenly Bed which is supposed to be 250 thread count sheets was clearly not what they claim. They had us sleeping on thread bare, pilled sheets, that could give anyone a good exfoliation. The only sheet that was like this , was the bottom sheet...which of course needs to be 250 thread count to be slippery , and comfy. This persisted for 6 nights....and on the last 2 nights I finally got them to put a TOP sheet on the bottom as well. Those last 2 nights were great. too bad I had to get up at 3 in the morning for my plane.I can only imagine why they were using such poor sheets....either they were trying to save money and bought 180 thread count sheets....or they were just OUT of regular sheets due to the completely booked hotel, and had to use loaners or something. they offered no explanation to me thus far.Overall, they have a nice staff, and I did not have any other complaints.....however we were there to get good nights rest, and the Heavenly Bed is supposed to provide just that.And keep in mind that Parking is $36- $38 per night...which added about $360 to our stay! yikes!I am still awaiting response from the management to see what can be done to amend the situation. I will report back.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	2	

<Author>Gizmojen
<Content>Don't know why Frommers loved this hotel so much My husband and I got the Westin Seattle for one night on a Priceline bid. We got a great rate and I was excited to get the Westin since Frommers Seattle marked it as one of the best hotels in the city. We were very dissapointed with the Westin. The hotel is HUGE and not laid out well at all. It is very much geared toward the business traveler and there was always a ton of activity going on in the massive lobby. When I checked in at the front desk the person helping me was not friendly at all. The person who was checking in next to me got an upgraded room and friendly conversation, and all I got was someone who wanted to check me in as quickly as possible and get on his way. Our room was right next to the elevator, which most of the rooms are because of the poor layout. I had requested a high floor because I read that the views were incredible, but we really had no view from our room. The bed was comfy, as are all Westin beds and overall the room was a nice size with a basic bathroom. Heavenly shower was nice.I would not stay here again. The rooms were nice, but the staff was unfriendly and the atmosphere in the hotel was really geared toward conference attendees and business travelers.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>3	4	5	3	5	2	-1	-1	

<Author>msmegmog
<Content>Loved it! Loved it!       view from 38th floor south tower  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>wanderingwanda
<Content>Pile drivers next door begin at 4 AM Luckily I got this room through Priceline for $125, but unluckily I was locked in for three nights. I would have changed hotels after the first night. I was on the 17th of 40 some floors. ( North tower, facing the sound). I could see the Space Needle off to my right but directly in front was a new building going up. Pile drivers and the sound of a groaning crane began at 4 AM. Even with ear plugs, you could not drown out the sound. Make sure that you ask to see your room first to know if you are facing this way. The new building is up to the 10th floor as i write this, but it looks like this will be going on for a while. If you are booking any time in September I would ask about this. Weekends might be OK. I was there Mon - Wed.Another issue is the lack of a little fridge. They only have a minibar so you are really stuck if you want to save a dime by having a few snacks of your own. They want you to eat in their restaurant, (Coldwater Grill). It was raining hard so I opted to eat there. It was pricey, but they had this wonderful dish..ravioli stuffed with peas and ricotta on a bed of really fresh broccolini. As others have commented, this place is fancy, with fluffy beds and good views, but it has as a huge, impersonal corporate feel.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	5	4	4	

<Author>blesstheweather
<Content>Checked in and immediately checked OUT! During a tour of the Pacific North West, we had pre-booked a junior suite at a rate of c.$470 per night. Upon arrival at the 21st floor, the musty smell of neglect and tobacco (in spite of its smoke-free claims) hit us. The suite turned out to be 2 adjacent (not adjoining) rooms which were dark, unclean, uncared for and just plain shabby.The bed base was stained, the bathroom was tiny and had no separate shower and the general facilities (incl. an ancient t.v.) were more befitting a cheap motel.We immediately compained and asked for a more modern suite, only to be told that none was available, with an added confession that the hotel was overdue for renovation. To their credit, the manager and desk clerk dealt with us in a courteous and professional manner, and called the Pan Pacific for us, which it turned out, was far superior, more spacous, clean and beautiful and due to its recent opening, much cheaper ($291). As a result of this experience, we immediately cancelled our booking for the Westin in Vancouver (later on our tour) and changed to the Pan Pacific, which was yet again superb. Sadly, i think Westin are sliding downhill and resting on laurels of former glory....simply not good enough in today's market!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	3	2	-1	

<Author>Claucat
<Content>Heavenly We just got back from a four day stay at the Westin in Seattle and I would highly recommend this hotel.We had a room on the 17th floor of the South Tower and not a great view but who spends a lot of time in the room anyway?The room was super comfortable, with a desk area, a small sofa and very good reading lights for the bed, something most hotels lack.The heavenly bed was indeed heavenly and I also loved the heavenly shower with its double shower head.The Westin is in a terrific location, steps away from two major shopping centers and lots of restaurants.It was a quick walk down to Pike Market once you figured out which streets were less hilly.The staff was very courteous and the concierge desk very helpful.We did not try the restaurant but the Fifth Avenue Cafe was more then adequate for breakfast.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>CristinaTx
<Content>Nice hotel with amazing view!       night view from room 3931  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>Solange72
<Content>Very nice...except for the carpet This is a very well located hotel: blocks from the Pike Market, one block from the monorail and walking distance from much in Seatlle. The buildings, twin tall cylindrical towers, are easily located while walking around, so it's highly convenient for the directionally challenged. What about the inside of the hotel? There is a nice pool with a sky roof, a couple decent work out rooms, a little cafe with ok croissants, good food in the lobby bar area. The rooms have spectacular views (ranging from great to truly spectacular), nice heavenly beds. The not so great: some gross carpet stains and mediocre housekeeping. Otherwise, the staff was helpful if not effusively friendly.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Oscarito
<Content>Excellent Hotel       Hotel  
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Maplehawk
<Content>Excellent Business Hotel       Not a bad business hotel view!  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TravelJunkie808
<Content>Awesome Location, Nice Hotel       Awesome views from the top of the Space Needle  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>theflipflopfamily
<Content>Great hotel! This is a great hotel and especially at the low, low price of $139.00 from Priceline in the summer on a weekend. I was a bit reluctant because when you book on Priceline you don't know the hotel until you have basically paid a non-refundable night(s). Also since I think it rated at only 3.5 stars I was wondering if it would be up to my neat freak standards. YES, it was! The staff was very attentive and handed me water bottles the minute I walked in after my morning runs. They also had small pocket laminated running route maps at the concierge desk. The concierge knew everything! Pool is a little on the stuffy, chlorinated side since it is inside but still nice. Our room had the most wonderful view of the city, harbor and space needle. I think it was the best view at the hotel, room 4632. Our room was immaculate and we loved the in-room Starbucks coffee and tea. I really can't think of any negatives about our stay at the Westin. It is also perfectly located. We walked to Whole Foods and bought food to go since we have young kids and the hotel even brought up a mini-frig at our request at no charge.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>NYCTravelQueen
<Content>Great Location My husband and I stayed here for 3 nights before our Alaskan cruise. Great Hotel,,walking distance to it all. Pikes market was 2 blocks away.The Tram was right across the street.It takes you to the space needle. But tha cab is cheaper. Beds are soft. The rooms are slightly outdated and could use a revamping. But overall its a good hotel.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Irelandeye
<Content>Fair hotel in good location We arrived late and tired after a flight from NYC. Receptionist was efficient but unfriendly - no help with our luggage. Foyer was huge but a bit frayed at the edges - in need of an urgent refurbishment We were on the 31st floor with sea view - lovely - but the room was not that big and I think the could do with upgrading -the bathroom floor could do with a good scrubbing.We had breakfast in restuarant and found it good value and bettervalue than the smaller cafe on the premises. -. Concierges very good - great tip for 50 cent oysters on shore cafe and happy hour.Well placed for most tourist sites. Space Needle expensive for what it was but good tourist talk given. Pike market quite good - people friendly- loved Seattle  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	5	-1	

<Author>Traveler8008
<Content>Central Location with Friendly Staff I read reviews of the Westin before reserving a hotel. I must agree, it is a great hotel.First, the views are excellent. My view was of the city with the Space Needle on the left-side and the harbor straight ahead.The hotel is clean and furniture was in good condition. The bathroom is a bit small, but in good condition with a great shower head.The hotel lobby is not extravagant, but the service was spectacular. The wait staff at the bar was friendly and it was wine tasting day. They gave me glasses of wine, and even brought me more to finish off, as they were closing the tasting.The location is the very good. Seattle is a walking city in general, but the hotel is located close to shops, restaurants, and the harbor.I will definitely book another room here when I go to Seattle again.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	5	5	2	

<Author>Newlyweds70106
<Content>Nice for the Price This was a nice enough hotel. We got a good deal online so whatever it ended up being we were ok with. The price for parking is outrageous so I probably would not return simply for that reason, well maybe if I don't have a car next time. The hotel is in a good area, pretty close to the monorail if you are interested in riding it and a short enough walk to Pike's Place Market. We did have one unfortunate experience with the staff. My husband called down to guest services our first night and asked the gentleman who answered if he was who he needed to speak to in order to request a wake up call. The gentleman who answered was very rude and replied in an unpleasant tone what time. My husband said 7am and the gentleman hung up on my husband. Needless to say the next morning we did not receive a wake up call. We meant to complain but didn't want to let it ruin our vacation so we brushed it off. Besides that little bump the rest of our stay was smooth.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	2	-1	

<Author>hisim
<Content>an oasis of comfort after miles of walking it felt so good to get back in our room each night, into a wonderfully comfortable bed with loads of pillows. the apples on each floor were delicious. the only negative was 1 non helpful concierge who gave us wrong information. the restaurant never had very many customers so we never did try it out. very good location.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	3	5	

<Author>Caldws1
<Content>Sleeping in Seattle I have just returned from a 1 night stay in The Westin and have to say it is the nicest hotel I've ever stayed in (and I've stayed in many). The room was very clean and had all the amenities required for a comfortable stay. I was also lucky enough to be on the 30th floor so I had a fantastic view of the city. The hotel was well located for visiting the Space Needle, Space Center, Pike Place Market and the Waterfront and the Concierge was very helpful with all my queries regarding local restaurants and even supplied me with some discount vouchers. I would definitely recommend a stay here to anyone who should ask.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>angusmurphy
<Content>Westin in Good Location We just returned from a trip to Seattle where we spent seven nights at the Westin in downtown Seattle. We were visiting my niece who also lives downtown. The Westin was very nice and they accommodated our need for two beds even though it didn't look like that was available on Expedia. I just called the hotel and they said that we could have that as long as they had availability when we checked in. The Westin is very convenient to all of the attractions in downtown Seattle. We could easily walk to Pike Place Market, the waterfront and ferries, lots and lots of restaurants, and could catch buses to the Fremont district and the baseball stadium with no problem. The Westin is great in that they provide you with a running map which I used most mornings. The run takes you to the waterfront. It was really nice. Then I would walk back through Pike Place Market, pick up a coffee at Starbucks or pick up coffee and donuts at Top Pot (just a couple of blocks aways - and a must try). The concierge desk was helpful in helping us figure out how to get places. We had no problem getting back to the airport and even though there is a shuttle, opted for the taxi since there were four of us and it would have been about the same price with a reduced driving time for us. The Westin offers free wine and snacks in the early evenings, but I always seemed to miss it so I can't comment on that. The rooms were small, but nice and comfortable. The bedding was very nice. The only complaint I had was that they don't have free wireless internet in the rooms and they charge you for internet use in the business center. I think that's just silly for a hotel at this price.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	4	5	1	

<Author>RoadWarrior
<Content>A room fit for my dog, but that is about it First, let me say that I am a big Westin Hotel fan. I love their heavenly bed and bath products and have always found the customer service to be wonderful. And, the Westin's I have stayed at when traveling with my dog have been amazing. They welcome him with no fees and it's a pretty hassle free experience (my dog is a 60lb Husky/Sheppard Cross). This Westin was pet friendly, and when we arrived they even told us we'd been upgraded. They told us we would be on the starwood preferred guest floor with free apples and water and have some extra space for the dog, and us. Yeah! Good news.When we arrive to our room, we are thrilled with the view. We overlooked the water and had a nice sized room. But here's where the Westin really let me down:1) The carpet in the room was disgusting! Maybe this is their special dog room... but it was gross. Wear your shoes to bed kind of gross. The other Westin's never put us in gross floored rooms just because we had a dog - besides we signed a form saying we'd pay for any damages so there is no need to put us in an icky room just because we have a dog.2) The bathroom floor was dirty...hairy, fuzzy, dirty. The tub had hairs in it too. EW.3) No robes. No amenities except for shampoo, conditioner and soap. No free water that they had talked up...and after talking up the heavenly dog bed that is provided...we never got one.4) In general the room was tired and really needs a redo. But the bed was as comfortable as ever and the view was wonderful. And, we were soooo exhausted when we got to our room at 10:30pm we just made sure the sheets were clean and went to sleep.In the morning when we needed extra time they extended our check out no problem. So... I should have complained, but I also shouldn't have needed to. It's a Westin!! I won't be back and I won't recommend it unless I hear it's been renovated.A few other things you should know:1) Valet charge is $382) Location is FANTASTIC if you want to shop or go to Pike Place Market or just wander downtown Seattle.3) The concierge desk works darn hard to make you happy. I have to give them two thumbs up for their efforts.4) It's tricky to get to... so make sure you have good driving instructions and have the right road to access it from.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	5	2	5	5	4	

<Author>ViennaLover
<Content>Nice experience I was in Seattle for a long weekend for pleasure.The hotel is in a very central part of town. Practically everything is walking distance. This is very nice. Although this is mostly a business hotel, I did not feel overwhelmed from the business type of atmosphere. The staff is helpful. The rooms are comfortable, and above average for a typical room at other large hotel chains even if the bathrooms are a bit dated. Ask to be on a higher floor so you can enjoy the lovely Seattle views. I do not have any negatives to say about this hotel. You get what you pay for. Overall, a nice experience. The big plus is location. Being able to walk throughout downtown is very convenient. And after a long day of sightseeing, coming back to a comfortable room with a nice comfy bed is exactly what you will get.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>ksmith3177
<Content>a bit spendy but nice This is a huge hotel! Many amenities and considering all the people that are staying there, the rooms are surprisingly quiet. Me and my husband checked in late at night. The view from the room is nice. The next morning when we left, there were a million people walking around, but the great thing is that we never heard them. It has great cable tv, room service (which is overpriced as you would expect, and food is just ok). I'm sure there are many amenities here that we didnt take advantage of but overall the peace and quiet in our room was worth every penny.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>quelvie
<Content>More like a "holiday-estin" than a Westin. First, I want to say that this property is nothing like any Westin I have stayed at before. It's in need of major refurbishment. We were bumped, or as they like to say, walked to this hotel from the Seattle Sheraton due to the Sheraton staff overbooking many rooms. We were given a room that needed serious cleaning. The carpet was dirty and stained and there were some long black hairs on the bathroom counter. Unlike the Sheraton, where internet is free, the Wi-Fi cost almost $20 a day.The power strip, on the desk, was malfunctioning and I had to call for an engineer to come fix it so I could charge my computer.Even after the Sheraton promised they would cover our expenses for the inconvenience, the Westin still charged us for internet, two local phone calls and parking. I've since requested a refund.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>1	3	1	4	1	2	4	1	

<Author>pmadr
<Content>Great location I was in town for a convention from June 7-11.Great location: This was an awesome location for shopping, dining, and walking distance to Pike Place. The convention center was literally a block away but not connected to the hotel.Hotel dining: I did not utilize room service but for being a Westin, I expected a little bit more. There is only a Ruth Chris and a Starbucks at this location.Room: Very nice room that can fit two people comfortably.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Love2TravelVA
<Content>Good hotel - great location My family (3 adults) stayed at the Westin for one night. The hotel was nice, just what you'd expect from a Westin. I'm an SPG member and was able to book the hotel on their web site using cash and points ($60, really $70 when you add in the taxes, and 4,000 points). I think that's a good deal for a hotel of this class and the location. If you want to use cash and points, book early - once the hotel gets to a certain level of occupancy, they don't allow cash and points bookings. It's a few blocks from Pike Street Market and across the street from the monorail, 20 minute walk to the needle or a quick monorail ride - all very convenient. The airport is about 20 minutes away - $35 for a cab or $42 for a towncar. The room was nice - round (the hotel has two round towers) - with awesome view of downtown and the waterfront when you looked to the side. The king bed was nice, but the couch was very uncomfortable. Overall, a good stay.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>NewHavenTraveller
<Content>Pleasant Stay, Expensive There for a weekend seminar. Two towered, large property in a good location, fairly quiet neighborhood, the retro-cool monorail going right by.Very pleasant lobby, generally friendly front desk staff ( I lost my cellphone and when I reported it, I kept being asked if I knew where I lost it...), nicely done rooms given odd shape (towers). Had couch and lots windows. Meeting room fine; yummy smoked salmon and pastries there! Had a hot tub and pool with a balcony-neat. Could have been cleaner, though- stained carpet, obvious dust and the bathroom floor needed a scrub brush. Sorry, but for the price ($250/night), I don't think it's too much to ask.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	4	2	4	3	4	

<Author>pepdawg33
<Content>Great stay We booked a Fri/Sat stay through Priceline and got a wonderful deal. After driving from San Francisco up the coast, we were hoping to find comfortable accommodations to relax in....we were taken aback by the Wonderful Heavenly Beds....the most comfortable thing I have ever laid on! We booked a room with a King bed and a sofa bed, and after a night on the town were disappointed to find the sofa bed was not made up. Rather than call downstairs and wait for someone to come up, the 3 of us slept in the King size bed and were pretty comfortable considering (the next day we had the sofa bed made up). Other than that, the room had a nice swivel tv, beautiful view of the city, nice furniture and bathroom, and we ended up on a Preferred Guest Level (we stopped off the elevator on other levels to see if each level was preferred, but we seemed to be one of the only ones!). I don't know exactly what benefits that gives you, but they did have fresh Washington apples on the table in the hallway each morning is almost next door). Parking was about $35 at the hotel, which is a little silly considering that there is a building next door that offers parking for $18, but it was nice to call down and have the car ready and waiting, although we really didn't use it once we checked in. The only complaint I have about this hotel is that they catered to a lot of bus tours, and there was almost always a wait to catch an elevator to get to your room. We tried to be evasive and go up or down a floor to pick it up without the traffic, but it never worked. Other than that, I would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>kaloja
<Content>Good Location We stayed at the Westin for a night before and a night after our Alaska cruise with Princess. The hotel was in a good location very close to attractions. The space needle, and Pike Place Market were only several blocks away. We were on the 33rd floor and had a great view of the harbor. The beds were very comfortable and service very good. As a plus - if you don't want to spend a bundle on restraurants there is a McDonalds right across the street for a low cost meal.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>IowaBrooke
<Content>Fantastic hotel! I highly recommend the Seattle Westin! The beds were great, the shower was great, the view was fantastic (ask for a view of the SpaceNeedle!), the decor was beautiful and I absolutely loved everything about it! Pike Place Market is a short walk away BUT be aware that it is a very steep walk to the market!! We purchased a pre-cruise package with the hotel stay and transfers to/from the airport with Princess CruiseLine. When the Princess CruiseLine forgot to pick us up and were just awful for us, the Westin's evening manager stepped in and kindly upgraded our room even though it wasn't their fault. Even the service was amazing! It was my first trip to Seattle but it won't be my last...and I will definitely stay at the Westin again!  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>travelations
<Content>Pool open, Gift/supplies shop closed The Westin.com site says the Westin Seattle pool is closed through June 15, yet oddly, I've been swimming in it June 6, 7, etc. Lesson: Call ahead to confirm the warnings on the inaccurate hotel pages.Also, the Gifts/supplies shop is closed. That should be noted on the site, as it is difficult for business travellers to obtain the WSJ, gifts/convenience items, etc. needed.No Club level exists at this hotel, either. The Cafe opens only until 2pm, so meals become expenses for Starwoods Preferred Guest members (SPG), and happen at a limited time. Otherwise, Room Service = $$$$.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>missmarybean
<Content>Lovely Westin w/a Great Location We stayed at the Westin Seattle for 2 nights following an Alaska cruise. The location is fantastic -- right in the middle of shopping, caddycorner to the monorail which takes you right to Seattle Center (Space Needle, Science Museum, etc), and just a few blocks from Pike's Place Market. The rooms were everything we've come to expect from a Westin: decent sized rooms, nice bathroom, and last but certainly not least the fantastic heavenly beds. Although we didn't have a view of anything other than the city, the large windows were very nice. We were in the South Tower, on the 24th floor. The bellmen and front desk staff were fantastic. We showed up around 10:30am, with lots of luggage, and were taken care of wonderfully. Despite the early hour they offered us a room - with 2 doubles instead of the 1 king we had reserved, so we decided to pass on the offer, and instead left our luggage at the hotel and went to explore a little. When we stopped back at 1pm they had a room ready, promptly got us checked in  sent our luggage up, and multiple people apologized for not having a room earlier. Obviously, we completely understood why at 10:30am they wouldn't have a room -- but the graciousness was appreciated. Also, despite how busy the hotel clearly was, responses to questions, requests for help with luggage, etc, were always prompt. Overall, it was just a fabulous stay, and we will certainly be back when we find our way to Seattle again!  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>efghij
<Content>Heavenly view, heavenly bed. The Westin is the place to stay! We stayed on the 41st floor and had a super view of the bay. looking toward the mountains and the space needle. The staff was outstanding--front desk, concierge, and the wonderful waitress in the restaurant at breakfast who made us feel as if we were at home. As others have noted, location is perfect for the walker. Our room was spacious and lovely, the bed as heavenly as advertised.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Calif_Gal
<Content>Great Downtown Hotel This a great SPG property. The hotel is perfectly located to walk to shopping, Pike's place, and the space needle. The rooms are spacious and well appointed. We were in the north tower on the 22nd floor with a great water and space needle view. The service was top notch at every level from front desk to room service.  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DC_Traveler88
<Content>Conveniently Located I stayed here for 2 nights on business. The hotel rooms are in two towers: north and south. I stayed at the North Tower. The top floor starts at 10, so if you like to stay on a higher floor, note that the first floor is actually the tenth floor. I stayed in room 1138. Stay away from this room if you do not like rooms close to the elevator. This room is directly in front of the 11th floor elevators. The elevator doors open - you see the door to room 1138. 1136, 1137 and 1139 are right in front of the elevators too. Not directly in front like 1138 is, but pretty much. I assume it is like that on all the floors, so avoid rooms that end with 36, 37, 38 or 39 if you want to avoid elevator noise. The ice machine was right in front of room 1135. Also, the business center is in the South Tower if that matters to you. There is an internet access room at the lobby level where you can print out your boarding pass for free (for some reason, it wouldn't work when I tried to check in for my jetblue flight, but my colleagues had no problem checking in for their Airtran flights).The cafe at the lobby level is delicious and moderately priced. I recommend the BLT and the smoothies.The internet access costs $9.95 a day. It is not wireless, so you have to disable your wireless connection and connect via ethernet (local) cable.I asked for a late check-out. Regular check-out is at 12pm. They gave me until 1pm. I was informed it would costs $20 for a 2pm check-out and $30 for a 3pm check-out. I took the 1pm.Housekeeping is good. They leave extra soaps, shampoo and conditioner the first day of cleaning.The bed is comfortable and the pillows cushy and soft.A bathrobe is provided. I didn't use mine.It is conveniently located to great restaurants and shops. 14 miles from airport.  
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>4	3	2	5	4	4	3	2	

<Author>Realaloha
<Content>Enjoyable and Conveniently Located Spent one night in Seattle before leaving on an Alaska Cruise. Recommended by friend. Great location; accommodating service; comfortable room with great view of waterfront and downtown. Although Valet parking on the expensive side, we forgot a few items in the car that we needed and they brought it up for us and then returned without hesitation. Across the street from monorail to Seattle Center - Space Needle, Conference Center and Experience Music Project. A short walk to Pike Street Marketplace. Starbucks coffee available in room, efficient room service, and a great spa experience with all of their new room upgrades including dual bathroom showerhead - I'm going to order one for our new bathroom remodel. Highly recommend. Contact property directly as that is where we found the best deal - a shopping package that included a $100 gift card to the shopping center within walking distance.  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>hotelemp
<Content>Great view, great location! We were in room 4236, had a nice view of downtown. We could see a little bit of the lake, not too much though. Still, the views of the mountains and city were unbeatable. The location was great, right near everything. The walk to Pike's Place Market was short, and there were so many restaurants nearby. We also saw a movie theatre just a stone's throw away, but who wants to go to a movie theatre on vacation? The room was smaller, but well appointed. The bath was standard hotel bath, with nice countertops though. The room itself was very clean. the linens were crisp, not wrinkled at all. The best part about this hotel was the concierge service. It's got to be tough to deal with newcomers all day, every day, but Judy and Ted (I think that was his name) both did an excellent job. They were courteous, friendly, and very willing to help. Overall, an amazing stay to make it an amazing trip!  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>af847
<Content>Great Hotel This is what a hotel should be. Clean, comfortable room, soft bed, nice bathroom, good overall location and amenities. Friendly staff too. Downstairs restaurant is a little pricey but there is a little cafe across the lobby. Check out the happy hour in the bar. Valet parking is a little expensive, but prompt and easy. I'd stay again, definately.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Martrese
<Content>Great stay, awesome view        On monorail approaching Westin  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	-1	4	

<Author>supernat07
<Content>No Customer Care We booked through travelocity. When our flight was cancelled due to snow and ice and delayed a full day out, Westin refused to refund 1 of our 2 nights. For a 200+ per night hotel, that seems a bit greedy. Not to mention, the view wasn't that great, the air didn't work at all (barely slept that night). I expect at a minimum the air to work for a $$$ room.Still waiting to hear back from Travelocity whether or not they will refund us (they told us they would BEFORE we left town and then refused when we got back). We also happily ate the cost of the rental car for that extra day.We won't be dealing with either any time soon...  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	2	3	3	-1	-1	

<Author>girlkayaker
<Content>excellent Any hotel that allows dogs AND gives them a plush bed, water/food bowl, and poop bags gets 5 stars. Aside from that treat, the hotel was immaculate and service was great. When I called for some extra milk for my coffee, we had someone at the door within 5 minutes.Excellent location too.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>scullywebb
<Content>very nice hotel in a great city It's a really nice hotel, especially for the business traveler hoping to unwind. They know who they are catering to and they don't miss a step. They're not going for a hip, spare atmosphere, but catering to what urban travelers want.I also like it because there's an indoor pool, it's downtown, the views are amazing, so when I can score a sweet deal to make it somewhat affordable, I'll take the Westin.The rooms are wonderful. There all the nice smelling shampoos, shower gels, etc, that you'll want to take with you. And the linens are so soft and cozy you might splurge for room service breakfast and even beg for a late checkout.The large hotel lobby with the big soft chairs is great for meeting friends for a cocktail before dinner.There are plenty of very nice hotels in downtown Seattle, and while I like to mix things up when I visit, the Westin is a consistent favorite.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cashmyre
<Content>Great hotel, great location, very family-friendly I stayed here in Oct 07 and Dec 07, each stay was for one night. Both times I enjoyed my stay and found the hotel to be top-notch.The Oct one was for a girlfriends' getaway weekend. We had two double-queen rooms right next to each other. We were in one tower, and used the jacuzzi/pool in the other tower. You do feel a little silly walking through the entire lobby wearing a white bathrobe, but oh well!The Dec stay was for our annual Christmas night in Seattle with the kids. When we checked in they had run out of kids' goodie bags, so they gave us a free in-room movie credit. We had an Executive Suite, which seemed more like two rooms they had joined together. There was a living room area with a sofa, tv, desk, and a pull-down bed, as well as a full bath. You open the adjoining doors (two sets) and enter the bedroom, which had a king bed, desk, and sofa, and also another full bath. The kids loved having their own room and they thought the pull-down bed was pretty cool and comfy. They brought up a little crib for our 2 yr old to use, too, which was nice. We donned our bathrobes (alas, no little robes for the kids, like the Fairmont does) and used the pool/jacuzzi--kids had a blast. We bought some snacks at the sundries shop downstairs, which were actually reasonably priced. After spending the evening out on the town we all came back for a good night's rest, as we had a Santa brunch the next day at Macy's. The kids sacked out pretty well; the rooms seem well-insulated from hotel noise and street noise (we were on the 35th floor). We sacked out on our own bed, and they don't call these Heavenly Beds for nothin'! It was such an incredibly comfortable bed, holy cow. We kept the curtains open and the downtown views were fantastic. We watched the flat-screen tv from our bed, which has really cool personal lights for reading, and it was great. Good for romance, good for resting :)The hotel staff was friendly and helpful, and they stored our luggage for us the next day when we checked out and did some shopping. The location is great: the Market, Westlake Center, the big department stores, Pacific Place, and Belltown are all within a few blocks. I'd recommend eating at Lola, just two blocks over. Top Pot Donuts is also just a few blocks.We would definitely come back! During the holidays they had a special promo: Executive Suite for $350, incl a $200 gift card to Pacific Place that you can use at any shop there! It felt like you got the room for just $150 :)  
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Vegasvet
<Content>a perfect hotel,even via hotels.com Based on other travellers reviews I was expecting this hotel to be a hit or miss. Since I've booked with hotels.com i was expecting,as usual,an old,worn out room with no view. When asked to have a better view the lady at the front desk gave us a city view wich was really fantastic. Ok no fireworks,but the view was stunning anyway. The hotel has still that '80 feelings that does not bother when clean and rightly updated. You can actually notice this place has gone tru renovation more than once in the public areas. The staff was very attentive,especially in the grill restaurant/cafeteria.The rooms are in a word HUGE,very clean and well kept. A little bit on the darkish side maybe. Bed was just ok,I was expecting a bit more from a Westin Heavenly bed. It turned out that it's the same mattress I have at home ( Sealy) just way bigger...I'm not fancy about Seattle,but If it will happen to go back there this will be my place to stay.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Carofrat
<Content>Disappointed! First, because of booking through expedia, we got assigned a room with a very average view and not on an elevated floor (although we requested it specifically).We had issues with the housekeeping mostly: no attention to details, some hair here and there upon arrival, carpet stains, no proper restocking of towels, soap or coffee ...I constantly had to make requests to their 'service express' which was annoying.I found the hotel charmless and very cold and will never return.Other than that the staff was friendly.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	5	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>Svennyjane
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location We stayed at the Westin between Xmas and New Year and were looking forward to it after everything we had read here on TA.The location is excellent - right in the city, a stone's throw from everything and a minute's walk from the monorail.We had a room on the 33rd floor which looked directly at the Space Needle. The view was fantastic! The room was large and we were very comfortable, though there was little storage space. The bed was wonderful - not a bit like your usual hotel bed!The bathroom was small and we were quite disappointed with the so-called Heavenly Bath. From the description we were expecting a large, deep, full-sized bath that we could sink into and fully relax in. The reality was a short, half-depth bath that you couldn't stretch out in (and I'm 5'2!). It may be that we have a thing for the indulgence of a long hot soak in the UK, but it's worth noting for anyone else who, like us, was expecting something more!On the plus-side, you are provided with robes, toiletries, tissues and plenty of lovely fluffy towels. The hairdrier is a proper salon-style model so leave yours at home if you normally don't like to leave it to chance.The hotel lobby is very large and plush and the checking in process was speedy and efficient, which was very welcome as we arrived on a late train from Vancouver. One negative was that the quality of housekeeping wasn't great. The bedclothes were just sort of thrown over and there were a couple of days when the bathroom wasn't cleaned properly.This is a very large hotel that is popular with business travellers and I can see why as it really is a great place to stay. What I would say is that if you prefer smaller hotels that offer a more personal style of service then this isn't for you. However - the location, views, decor, facilities and cost all make it a perfect Seattle base.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	5	4	3	

<Author>Easyfour
<Content>Smelly Westin Is Kicking The Habit I stayed at the Seattle Westin for two nights in Seattle. The property is of typical Westin quality. It had a great bed, amazing views and a convenient location. However, I once again felt sort of screwed by the Westin's policy towards people who redeem reward points. The hotel is now a non-smoking facility. However, it obviously wan't always this way. I can't remember in which tower we stayed or on what floor, but I believe it was around the 21st. While I our room was nice, it has a DISGUSTING SMOKE SMELL. In fact, I sometimes smoke and was offended by the smell of the room. Of course, nothing else was available, so we had to deal with it. We bought some candles at Bed, Bath  Beyond and the management did send up an industrial air-scrubber, which worked pretty well while it was there. Once it was gone, it was back to that awful smoke smell. I understand that Starwood is in business to make money, but it's really embarrassing to put patrons in that room in that condition. I would recommend looking elsewhere until they fix that problem.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	5	1	4	3	-1	

<Author>litza2005
<Content>The Westin does not disappoint We stayed at The Westin Seattle August 12-15, 2007. We loved this hotel. The rooms are a good size with a sitting area and a very comfy bed. This hotel is located in the heart of downtown so you can walk to shopping, Pike Place Market and many restaurants. The staff was helpful and answered any questions we had. Beware that the parking is $32 a day. Although that may be typical for downtown parking but I was under the impression it was $16 a day so it was a shock when we checked out.We were traveling with our 4 month old baby so we did not eat in the hotel restaurants.The Westin gym was excellent with t.v.s on all cardio equipment. The pool and hot tub in the north tower are very nice.I would recommend this hotel. The Westin does not disappoint.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>kcwilson27
<Content>**Acceptable facilities - Good Location - Structural Issues** I have stayed at the property fairly regularly over the last six months. Generally speaking, nice hotel, great concierge service and the location is solid.HOWEVER, if you end up staying in Seattle on a windy night like I had (14 MPH winds, gusts up to 20 MPH), do not expect to get much sleep. As mentioned in previous posts, the window seals, a few interior walls and other components of the structure creek LOUDLY in the rooms in wind conditions. I have stayed in both towers (12th North and 18th South) in these type of wind conditions and it is a general problem for the whole building. I observed other individuals complain directly to the front desk at 2, 3 and 4 in the morning. Overall, good hotel, but if you stay, you take the risk of getting a windy night and then you will have a much different opinion on what is important to you in a hotel.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2007
<Rating>1	2	2	5	3	5	2	3	

<Author>urbanistaNYC
<Content>Good hotel for a business traveler I have stayed at this hotel for 6 weeks while on assignment in Seattle. This is one of the few decent hotels in downtown Seattle, and trust me I travel all the time. The location is unbeatable - close to everything. Try and get a high floor. I always got the Sound/Lake view and the view is great. The hotel has a nice gym. I only got room service twice - it was excellent one time and dreadful the other. I did like to 5th Ave Cafe for breakfast, and you can get breakfast to go. What I like about the Westins is that they are the same everywhere, so you always know what to expect. If you ever stayed at a Westin, you know what you are getting.I dont know what other reviews complain so much about. I find it the only adequate place to stay. Renaissance is simply dreadful located right on highway, Sheratons are never as nice as Westins, W was ok, but rather pretentious and they dont work hard too make you happy (often times i felt like they simply dont care) plus the fitness facility is absolutely awful. The only nicer option is the Fairmont Olympic, but its way more expensive and does not have a good rewards program. So I give this 4 out of 5. If I am back in Seattle, I will stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>jimvad
<Content>Very nice - A+!!! Really nice hotel in downtown Seattle!!! This was the second night of my honeymoon and I will definitely consider staying here again...can't wait to visit Seattle again! The Westin is centrally located in downtown with lots of great shops and restaurants close-by!!! Room service was good and prompt!!  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PrincessAllie07
<Content>Amazing veiws in the perfect location!       view from our room on the 22nd floor  
<Date>Nov 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JamesAndrewMN
<Content>Nice hotel but not stellar This stay was definitely fine as I would expect from a Westin but not exactly heavenly as I have come to expect from the brand. The common areas were dirty and unkempt. The room was nice and stylish but a lamp did not work. The hotel charges you a high price for absolutely any request such as extra glasses or corkscrews, which I have never experienced even at lower-end hotels. I hope that this is not becoming more common at the Westin brand hotels.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>3	2	4	5	2	3	2	2	

<Author>World_Roller
<Content>Decent hotel that is aging in a major way I stayed at this Westin once before in 2004 when budget was not an issue and I found it acceptable enough to give it another try. What I experienced on the second stay has forced me turn my back and I never again plan to rest my head at this Westin. The issue--structural age of the two towers built in 1982 and interior age of the rooms no longer make it a viable option for the going rate (min $240 USD). On Nov, 11th and 12th the Northwest U.S. and Canada experienced the strongest windstorms of 2007. I acknowledge that I may be writing this review in bad timing since I was present on the 21st floor of the N tower during those two days. Either way, many guests-including myself-experienced a long restless night of a creaking wood structure and wind whistling through poorly sealed windows. Many reviews of this hotel note the same point--the age of the towers, rooms and amenities should be addressed and I'm certain that Westin will either invest in a major structural retrofitting or sell the property to avoid a much needed upgrading. The Westin Workout room by the pool is small and is comprised of 3 bike machines and a Core workout ball.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>ChasseGalerie
<Content>Expensive and a little oldy. Stayed only 1 night for a work related trip. Nice view of downtown Seattle from my room, but I found that it was a bit expensive (225$ per night) for a room that will definitely need a decoration refreshment. For that price you are travelling back in time right to the 1990's especially in the bathroom who really needs some refit.I could understand paying that kind of money in a really big city like New-York or San Francisco, but not in Seattle in March.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Esper
<Content>Great Location + Excellent Amenities = Must Stay Hotel       Bathroom - good quality.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	4	5	2	

<Author>jlenhart13
<Content>lovely property Very modern property. Above average service from the moment you driveup through the entire stay.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>Kingbear23
<Content>Nice but showing its age The Westin is showing its age. The rooms are clean but the decor is about 15 years behind the times for wear and style.I booked a suite with adjoining rooms for my party and the reservation was not honored. Initially, they made no effort to relocate one of the rooms to the same floor. I had to be the squeaky wheel and eventually they did discount a portion of the bill for their error.The hotel again is nice but it's time for a facelift. Location is great.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	5	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>Happytrip8
<Content>Great stay but pick a high floor Great two night stay at the Westin at the start of our holiday. Perfect location for exploring the City, whichever direction you are heading. We booked a high level room in the Norh Tower which justified the price and we would recommend - the views are terrific both by day and night. Room was very comfortable and clean and the beds are fantastic. Service was ok but not particularly personal - something we accept from a busy and probably mainly business orientated hotel (don't stay here if a steady stream of conference delegates would bother you). The cafe and room service were both great. The hotel would have got a five from us had any one helped us with our luggage or valet park the car on our arrival but apart from that, no complaints.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>goob007
<Content>FIne but expensive for the value Had to stay there for convention, one of the few with rooms left. Over $300.00 per night for nothing special. Housekeeping had trouble understanding do not disturb signs as they have muiltple selections on times and services. They then called to wake me up to see if I would like service....?  
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	4	3	3	

<Author>wi_light_sleepers
<Content>stay in the north tower for conferences I stayed at the Westin Seattle for a conference, and had a very good experience generally. I was a bit apprehensive after reading the reviews, but it was a lot nicer than I expected. The room was pretty clean, if a bit worn. There was what appeared to be an old oily stain near the chairs, but it seemed like it had definitely been vacuumed, etc. and they couldn't get it out, and everything else about the room was very clean. I liked the two shower heads in the shower, and the bed was comfy. I used the workout room every day, and it had good equipment but was very busy. If you don't have meetings, wait until after rush hour. :) The meeting rooms had a strange layout because of the round design, but were adequate. The food was better than expected. The front desk staff was fine, nothing special really. The meeting rooms we used were all in the north tower, so I felt bad for those staying in the south tower as it was not as simple to dash up to the room between sessions. The lobby was a nice gathering place. Concierges were nonexistent in the evenings, but books were available. It was a very convenient location. Take the airport buses since they are a lot cheaper and the cabbie wasn't much faster and had run the wrong card (how he had it I am not sure) so we had to re-do it, and he tried to overcharge me for the ride (almost as if the gratuity was included).  
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>ejan
<Content>Rooms were fine, both before  We had no problem with the rooms. We had 2 connecting rooms before our cruise, and 2 connecting rooms after our cruise. ALL 4 rooms were clean, comfortable, quiet, and nice. No problems with check-in. In fact, both times rooms were ready for early check-in. We had excellent internet rate of $149 which included breakfast! I don't think I would have been happy if I had paid $300 per room per night! Our only problem was with the front desk, which didn't want to recognize our breakfast deal - lucky I had my email confirmation. Also, after the trip was over, Starwood points were never credited to my account, and they definitely had my starwood #. I had to argue with Starwood and hotel manager for my points! That was annoying! they didn't want to issue the points because of the great deal. (It might have been an internet error, but nevertheless, I did get that rate! I booked it Xmas eve for August - maybe it was an Xmas present! )  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	3	3	3	

<Author>Hawkfan22
<Content>Not the quality you might expect We booked a weekend stay at the Westin Seattle thinking that, being a Westin it would be clean and comfortable and the service would be good. We were quite wrong. This hotel is well below what I expect from a Westin. I'm not a normal complainer but at almost $300 a night you expect certain things, cleanliness being one of them. While the hotel is in a good location we had the following problems with the hotel. The white bed sheets has stains on them, the floors were dirty, the maids don't seem to vacuum the floors, the service was very slow. I had dropped some crumbs on the floor in the morning and figured it would get cleaned up by the maid when we got back at the end of the day. Not so. We got some wine to celebrate one night and called down for a corkscrew. We got it, 1.5 hours later. The last annoyance was the lack of a free internet kiosk. I know I should have brought my laptop but do you have to nickel and dime me at $12 an hour just to check my emails? This Westin is in trouble because there are plenty of other options for hotels in that price range. I certainly won't be back.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	4	2	2	

<Author>AZJetSet
<Content>Airport quality Westin at a downtown price I stayed at the Westin the week of 9/15/07. Here are some observations:Rooms: Extremely dated, stained carpets, old bathrooms with outdated fixtures and amenties - not nearly worth the almost $200 a night price tag. Even the once prized Heavenly Bedis nothing special at this time. Everyone including lower end hotels like Courtyard and Hyatt Place have better beds. Heavenly Bath is a joke. No-name, substandard bath products and tub/shower combinations abound. Old lighting, half of which didn't work, poorly placed TVs are standard. Low ceilings and old hotel scents are abundant. Service: Hotel staff were nice, but failed to deliver efficient, quality service. I had to call room service 3 times before recieving a cork screw. Check in staff were very good and eager to please.Food: I attended a meeting at this facility and the food was nasty. The eggs were runny at breakfast and the food was the typical rubber chicken type food that so many people speak of when they talk about conference food. Nothing worthy of praise in this arena including the dull meeting room, reminiscent of hospital waiting rooms.Safety: We had a high value item stolen from our group while we were at the hotel. Staff were pretty pathetic in there approach to resolving this situation. The best they did in an hour and a half was provide the non emergency number for Seattle Police Department.Overall, I am very disatisfied with this hotel. It is a few blocks off of an area that is safe and much more upscale. Stay at the Grand Hyatt or Sheraton. Avoid this very dated and underserviced property unless you pay under $100 per night. I have stayed at several other Westin hotels and this was the worst. This includes staying at the the dreaded LAX Westin in a Priceline.com room. Pitiful really.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sunnyupstateNY
<Content>Great stay at the Westin My husband and I just returned from our trip to Seattle and truly enjoyed staying at the Westin. Staff was very friendly and helpful. We were very pleased with our room. We had a great view of the water and the cityscape. I looked forward to my showers in the morning with the double shower head. I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking to stay downtown.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>vidoula
<Content>Heavenly Bed IS heavenly!!! I stayed at the Westin for five nights while attending a training conference. The location is ideal with major points of interest only a walk or a short ride away. The view from the 35th floor was lovely looking out at Puget Sound! You can even see whales sometimes! As for the heavenly bed, the name suits to a T. . I am trying to figure how to engineer a sleeping spot like that at my home without the astronomical cost of ordering one!The heavenly shower is more average than heavenlyThe staff on a whole was very friendly and attentive. I do think the Westin staff has the know how on great service.If all Westins are like this one, I'd stay there, too!  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>UM1997
<Content>Great stay at the Westin! I was in town on business and stayed at the Westin for just one night. I came in around 5 p.m. on Friday night and checked in without any problems. I was a little nervous because my room was right across from the elevators but once I got into my room and saw how big it was and the layout of the room, I knew I wouldn't be bothered by hallway noise. I was on the 38th floor and had a great view of downtown and the water. It really was gorgeous!! The room was really spacious with 2 queen beds, a desk and a little sitting area. After I checked in, I went down to the fitness room for a quick workout and found it to be really nicely equipped. There are a bunch of treadmills, a couple of cross trainers and a few bikes (all with individual tv screens attached) and a whole separate area with weight machines. The Westin is really centrally located so I took off to find dinner and found a bunch of places within a block or two of the hotel. It's also a great location if you love shopping because Nordstrom and Macy's are right up the street as well as 2 big malls, Westlake Center and Pacific Place. Everything is within about a 5 minute walk of the Westin! The Westin prides itself on its Heavenly Beds and I couldn't agree more with them. That bed was AWESOME!! I fell asleep fast and woke up feeling really well rested! Saturday morning I got up, worked out, and went looking for breakfast. Although there are a lot of coffee shops nearby, I decided to head to Pike Place Market and see what I could find there. Pike Place is less than a 10 minute walk from the Westin and is definitely a must see. Try to get there early though, because this is tourist central and it really got crowded later in the day. I got there a little too early, as people were still setting up their stalls, but I have never seen such beautiful looking produce and flowers! And the seafood!!! It looked so fresh and delicious! I went back to the Westin to pack up and check out. Check out time is noon, and since my flight was not until 10 p.m. that night, they let me store my suitcase in their luggage storage room. When I was ready to leave for the airport, I just went to the front and the Downtown Airporter bus pulled right up and took me to the airport for just $10.25 ($17 roundtrip)! Definitely the way to go if you're staying here!I really recommend the Westin. It's a little on the pricey side, but you definitely get what you pay for!  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SeattleAngell
<Content>Check In It's now a hour past check in time and the front desk can only say our room isn't ready yet. We've been sitting here in the lobby of the hotel for about an hour and a half now. Don't make plans for the day of check in or they will be ruined by the horrible service of the Westin. The front desk will ask you for your cell phone number and then they say they will call you back as soon as your room becomes available. Guess what, you will get your call back after the front desk is done servicing everyone that is standing in line at the check-in counter. The line at the check-in counter is really long because the hotel can't seem to get people their rooms at the time designated, so everyone is standing in line trying to get a room over and over again.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2007
<Rating>1	3	4	4	3	1	2	-1	

<Author>xichic
<Content>awesome hotel, great location, perfect!       view of the needle from our room  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>rayscar
<Content>Overpriced but good service Like most downtown hotels, one would expect to pay more than you should. In this case we tacked on a few more for the view. What we got was a view of a large office building next door. If I stood at the window, I could look at an angle and see the space needle. needless to say, not too impressed with the view. Service staff was friendly. I didn't like the fact that when I checked in, my luggage and golf clubs sat curbside unattended when they parked the car. luggage valet was not around and car valet said they will be ok (we have cameras. I don't think so. I guess they don't realize the value of a good set of golf clubs.Overall, not bad, but had better views in cheaper rooms  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	4	5	3	

<Author>nikongirlTx
<Content>Convenience in downtown Seattle       Desk and city view  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>Samejesse
<Content>Great Location We stayed at two different hotels this trip, the Edgewater and the Westin. The Westin was about half the price of the Edgewater. When comparing the two I would definitely choose the Westin over the Edgewater. The Westin had a good location within walking distance to Pikes market and other shopping malls and eateries. The rooms were very large (especially compared to the Edgewater) which was nice since we had our 1 year-old with us exploring everything in the space. It was clean and comfortable and had a good view. The only drawback was the noise. It seems poorly insulated for noise. You hear everything out on the streets (ambulances) and in the hallways. Luckily the way the hotel is set up there are not many rooms on each floor. But it is circular around the elevators so everyone probably hears the elevators noises. We could hear our neighbors like they were in the room with us. To help we put a blanket below the door to the hallway and the door to our neighbors. This helped tremendously. We would stay here again despite the noise (we are heavy sleepers). The staff was also very friendly to us.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>ChiragP
<Content>Great location, great service Great location. Staff was accomodating. Free upgrade upon check-in (per the front dest staff). Asked us if it was ok to be in a wheelchair accessible room - we said yes, not being in one before. Did not care for bathroom - water pressure was low in 36th floor room. Asked to change the next morning - switched to 34th floor room without any hassles. Stayed for 3 nights - enjoyed our stay. The concierge staff was extremely helpful - provided maps of city, restaurant suggestions, and Mt. Rainier tips. They definitely improved our trip. Only downside is a small indoor pool on 5th floor - did not use it or the hot tub. Exercise rooms (2) looked adequate w/ new appearing equipment. Lobby was stylish. Parking is pricey in Seattle and was also pricey at the hotel - $36/day for valet.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>jojemud
<Content>Just okay not spectacular The Westin Seattle is a great location when you want to be near all the action like Pike Market and shopping, it's really centralized. Hop on the monorail and you'll be at the city center, space needle, the emp. The hotel itself is nice, friendly concierge, smiley staff, and good room service. However I didn't consider this as a 4-star hotel. The room is clean, however is a bit dated like the carpet. Most of the surfaces are just ok, but dusty. The bathroom is not top notch, some stains on the shower curtain, and the molding of the room are fraying. We had a room on the 34th floor with a nice view. If you are into feng shui, like I was, you would find the layout of the room to be kind of strange. The bed is at a diagonal, so that seems off to me somehow.I had a nice stay but the W Seattle is better. If this Westin is 4 star, then the W Seattle should be 5, and it's not that either. I give this hotel 3.5 stars at best.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>J-Boy99
<Content>cold pool, nice room Cold pool and expensive parking put a damper on our recent 3 night stay. Staff was nice.I thought I would park on the street but you have to continually buy parking passes (2 hr intervals) and overnight parking would mean I wake up at 6 am. Leave car and bathing suite elsewhere.Otherwise, nice rooms and great view in north tower facing north of Needle and bay.Close to Pike's market, shopping and monorail stop.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>kjashley
<Content>Nice trip We had a nice trip. I was worried with reviewing some of the reviews prior to arriving, but it exceeded my expectations. The good = great valet staff, easy checkinand out, fabulous beds, clean room and great housekeeping staff. The not-so-good = hidden charges on those fancy little snacks they leave in the room, not a lot of dining choices with reasonable prices. I would stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>McKennaBrynna
<Content>perfect with kids Exceeded my expectations for weekend with two nieces aged 2 and 10. Spacious room with two doubles, desk, and two easy chairs with room to spare for Heavenly Crib which was very cute! Great kids pack at check-in. Slightly small bathroom with large tub/shower. Excellent service with every request for extra towels/robes and light fixture problem was handled within 15 minutes. Location is fantastic for access to monorail to Seattle Center and Westlake food court across the street. Can walk to water/Pikes place market and then taxi back if kids are tired. Cafe in lobby with hot and cold breakfast which we took out to room and had breakfast in bed. Kids loved this hotel and enjoyed the pool even though it is small and more for exercise.I previously lived in Seattle and would highly recommend this hotel primarily for its location and now also for the excellent service we received.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cubsfan73
<Content>Fine Hotel, Great Location The Westin Hotel features two circular towers which add character to the hotel. The elevators are fast, the concierge helpful (was able to provide a map of running routes), and the rooms are comfortable. The location is supreme. It is walking distance to all the major downtown attractions and the views from the rooms are very nice.I was attending a conference in the Westin and the hotel was spacious enough so that one wouldnt feel crowded.The pool and jacuzzi are nice, however, the gym/fitness area is slightly cramped and without windows.Overall, this is a very nice hotel with very nice amenities. The only things that would prevent it from being ranked as a premier hotel is the slightly aged rooms and the cramped gym/fitness area.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>traveltoomuchToronto
<Content>Usual westin This hotel is an old 1960's circular hotel, that delivers against the basic Westin Promise: Good beds and linens, decent room for business. The staff were pleasant, and cabs easy to come by. Breakfast in the main floor cafe was above average. No real reason to return, as it was expensive for the age and odd shaped rooms.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	4	4	4	

<Author>travelingGs
<Content>Classy Hotel in Great Location I stayed at the Westin for a Girl's Weekend Away the last weekend in July. The hotel met all of my expectations and I would highly recommend the Westin for anyone who is looking for a high-end, brand-name hotel in a central Seattle location.The Westin is mere blocks away from all of Seattle's finest restaurants, shops and tourist destinations such as Pike Place Market. You will not need your car because you can walk just about anywhere.My group requested a single room for 4 ladies to share and we were extremely comfortable in a basic King Size Room. The room comes with a King Bed, Sofa-Bed and a Rollaway (when requested). The front desk and concierge were always willing to accommodate and answer questions. Overall it was an amazing weekend and staying at the Westin was a positive experience. ** Fun Tip: If you stay at the Westin Seattle be sure to visit the Dahlia Bakery which is adjacent to Dahlia Lounge. This bakery has the most unbelievable truffle cookies  coconut cream pie. You will find the bakery up the street from the Westin on 4th  Virginia.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>azalbino
<Content>Great Location This is a great hotel. The location makes it accessible to most everything. It is only a few blocks from Pikes Market Place, the Waterfront or a block away from the Monorail which will take you to the Space Needle, EMP and Science Center.They have a great little Westin bag for my daughter which included a rubber duck, outlet covers a nightlight and mini travel first aid kit. Very nice.We did have a problem with the maid service but when we contacted the management they corrected the problem quickly  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	2	5	5	-1	

<Author>pkjourda
<Content>Seattle Westin needs some TLC This is an enormous hotel, and with enormity comes a lack of intimacy. Though the rooms have the standard Westin amenities (heavenly bed  shower, etc...) the rooms are somewhat tired. Carpets are frayed, bathroom is not top notch, scuff marks abound, etc... If at all possible stay at the W....  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	4	3	2	4	-1	

<Author>Ed_S_2004
<Content>What we were hoping for Getting a room with a fantastic view, clean and decent washroom and a king size bed in a 5 star hotel in the heart of Seattle for $147.00 per night. Great start to our holiday. If shopping, great restaurants, great service and cleanliness is important to you, book this hotel. Preferably via a discount site if you can(we used priceline) What else could you want?  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	3	4	

<Author>sehnsucht
<Content>keep looking On a trip through Seattle my two children and I decided to see what Seattle offered. Choosing a centrally located hotel was essential, so we ended up at the Westin. The views were very nice. The room was satisfactory. The staff was courteous. Now, the irritating: why, after paying $250/night would an hotel have the gaul to to charge to park in their lot?When asked this question, staff looked as though they were sympathetic, yet powerless.With this experience, I conclude that nice hotels can charge for image. So, if you don't mind staying somewhere where the walls are rice-paper thin, the food terribly over-priced and a staff of attentive drones, give the Westin your business. But heed my warning, you can't polish a ____. However, if you want a stay where you are appreciated as a guest, where someone acknowledges that YOU COULD TAKE YOUR BUSINESS ANYWHERE, choose somewhere else. Posh Spice is in LA, not in the Westin Seattle (regardless of how they portray themselves).  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>2	1	3	4	3	3	2	1	

<Author>isoruku
<Content>Great hotel for the money! I don't know how we managed, but we got a bargain price at the Westin, and loved it! Big room, great view, comfortable, roomy bed, excellent bathroom. What more could you want? It's very expensive at retail, but if you can get a deal, stay here. Right in the heart of Seattle, and you can walk to all sorts of fun destinations.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>tinkerbellita
<Content>Great service, silly parking directions Well we got a great deal through their website for booking far in advance. Buy two nights get the third free. So we couldn't go wrong there. Our first problem was when we went to go to the hotel, their address is on 5th st. No one had told us that the parking is behind the building. This caused us a HUGE annoyance since we had to pack up our stuff and try and get down there. BUT after thatw as all said and done, I've got to say that the service there was phenominal. Something more like a five diamond hotel. I was impressed with the breakfast at the reastaurant in there. Highly recommend their pancakes! The room was very good, although the bathroom was tiny. I was somewhat dissapointed with that. We will stay there again the next time we go down I would imagine. And we haven't returned to the Roosevelt or Monaco (other hotels I've stayed in there), so that should say something!  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Breezey
<Content>Mixed Emotions We just returned from two nights in Seattle. Got a great price from Hotwire so couldn't resist staying here. While the location is great (short walk to Pike's Market, down the street from Nordstrom and Macy's, lots of restaurants), something about the the hotel being so huge and the lobby so full of people, conventions, etc etc. made it not exactly the place for us. We had just come from staying in a boutique hotel in Vancouver which was oh so much more relaxing. The first night we got in late and unfortunately the coffee shop and restaurant were both closed. The bar was busy and very noisy so not very tempting.However, I must say the room was lovely, large and overlooking the space needle. Downfall is that they didnt have a king bed, even a queen bed would have been nice but these were doubles? Considering the size of the room, two queens would have been great. Beds were very comfortable though. While the Westin was lovely, it was just too busy and large, and would look for somewhere else to stay.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>g2980gj
<Content>I like this place ... nice solid Westin property It's not the newest Westin, but there is something that I like about this place. The dual circular towers are unique. I've always had an amazing view -- either of the water or the city. Be sure to ask for the highest floor they can get you on. The Westin heavenly bed is something to look forward to at the end of the day when you're away from home. The room service menu is a step above average and the staff is friendly. The location is walkable to good shopping and restaurants. It's not trying to compete with some of Seattle's more fancy boutique hotels, but I'll take it over some of the other mainline hotel brands any day. Oh, and one of these days I'm finally going to buy one of the fancy glass sculptures they have in the gallary on the lobby level. They're pretty amazing.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>sangeeta3
<Content>Very good rooms- Great Value with Hotwire The rooms are nice and big and very updated. Only problem was the 2 queens are actually 2 doubles - so not as comfortable.The lobby always seemed very crowded - I guess the people like to hang out at the bar in the lobby. I did not try it so no comments.Location is great - very close to freeway, malls, restaurants in downtown.Make sure you get a good rate with hotwire - or it might work out expensive.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>dt111270
<Content>Grasping In many ways, this is a standard Westin hotel -- very comfortable bed, all the standard amenities, etc...It is, however, badly let down by two features. One is poor service. For example, if you drive up to the hotel following a GPS device's direction, you get to an entrance where there is no parking and no space to drop passengers off. When I rang the hotel to ask where I should park, they said oh, yeah. We get this all the time from people who use a GPS system before redirecting me to a different entrance. But the instructions were not on the website, and not in any of the emails that they sent to me welcoming me to the hotel.However, the bigger problem is the grasping nature of the hotel. I stay in probably a couple of hotels a week, many of them Westins, and have *NEVER* come across a charge for receving courier packages at a hotel before. To add insult to injury, when the package was delivered to the room, the bellboy refused to leave until he got a tip.This sullied an otherwise adequate hotel.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2007
<Rating>2	3	4	4	3	2	1	3	

<Author>ilovechristmom
<Content>Great Location and Hotwire price We stayed here for one night prior to an Alaskan Cruise. We booked 3 rooms months in advance on hotwire for 149.00 a night. I emailed the hotel directly with my request and printed their response out about view and rooms being close together. I am glad I did as the hotel they said was booked solid and they couldn't accomodate our request. We then asked to speak to a manager and was given Mollie and she worked very hard and was able to accomodate us nicely. The hotel was older but our rooms were clean, and had great bedding and showers. The staff was friendly and service was above average. Would I stay here again? Yes at that price, but I would not pay above that as I think the regular rate on our dates was about 300.00 a night. I wouldn't pay that anywhere. Overall a very nice hotel and met our needs!  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>hotelierVancouver
<Content>Not what we expected We went to Seattle for Memorial Day Weekend. We checked in on Friday and checked out on Sunday afternoon.The lobby is great! Upon entering our room, we noticed that the bellmen forgot to bring up my daughters bag so we had to wait around for them to find the bag and bring it up.We had 2 rooms, both rooms were nice upon first glance. Both rooms had stained carpets. Our room was the worst of them. the desk table was chipped on the legs, it had a power strip taped to the side of it. The lamps and lamp shades on all of the tables were crooked and loose (I fixed them). the couch had huge white stains on them. The dressers were dirty. The headboard was dusty. The couch and chair had rips in them and the strings were still attached. The bathroom mirror was dirty, and the framing was off as well as when they stained the wood frame, they got some on the mirror and didn't even bother to fix it. There was a few long hairs in the bed and on the bathroom floor and in the bathroom there was brown spots on the ceiling that has never been wiped off.I travel quite often for work and have stayed in several 4  5 star hotels and I would not consider this a 4 or 5 star hotel. What you are paying for is the name...The best part of it all was I needed to use the restroom after walking back from the waterfront. I went into the lobby restroom and the urinals were yellow (no one bothered to flush, but on top of that, they were stained) so apparently it happens frequently. There were 6 stalls, 3 were being used, and the other 3 were overflowing with toilet paper and one of them was a red color.I informed the front desk clerk and she said oh really? I am sorry and that was it. I don't even know if or when she called maintenance or housekeeping but apparently they do not monitor their property (and this was a busy weekend mind you).Our first night was horrible. We went to bed about 9:30 pm. I was awaken several times between 10 pm and 12:30 am due to a party going on 2 doors down from us. We could hear the music clearly and then people coming and going and the door slamming shut, people having conversations in the hallway on the telephone inviting their other friends, swearing and drunkenness. I finally called the front desk to complain. They arrived about 20 minutes later and told the person in charge to be quiet or they were going to be removed. Finally, I got some sleep.I was not and am not overly impressed with this property and I will not stay there again. When we complained to the front desk clerk that checked us in, he did send up a bottle of champagne and a fruit basket for my daughter (it was her birthday) in addition to that, they signed a card and sent up a piece of cake.Aside from the friendly staff, there was not much about the hotel I would recommend to anyone. The GM, owners, and management company should be ashamed of themselves. The standards are just not there.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	3	4	-1	

<Author>SophieJane
<Content>Loved Westin Seattle The Westin Hotel has everything to make a stay pleasurable. The location is excellent (Macy's was calling to me right outside my window), all the staff were pleasant and prompt in responding to our needs, and the rooms were large, clean and comfortable. I only wish I had stayed longer.  
<Date>May 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tackle
<Content>NOT The Best Westin Reservations: easy online at Starwood.comRoom Rate: excellent: $209 per nightRoom: Nice size, nice furniture, and excellent bed. Huge bathroom.Check-in: efficient friendly and fast.Check-out: accurate and fast.Hotel Gym: very nice with an excellent pool and weight room.Location: Right in Midtown Seattle; not the most exciting neighborhood but there is plenty of shopping and dining options close by.PROBLEM: Internet service was not working in my room. Despite repeated telephone calls it was NEVER fixed during my stay.Overall Impression: A fairly standard large hotel, with nice furnishings but nothing about this hotel is memorable.  
<Date>May 6, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	4	5	5	2	1	

<Author>habs07
<Content>Nice Hotel, Nice Location, A Little Dated Stayed here for two nights in February. Was a nice hotel, with great views, but the rooms felt small and older. I'd suggest requesting the newer tower (there are two towers to the hotel) when booking. Overall, a nice property, but not worth more than $160ish per night in my opinion. I'd look around and see what else is out there, if the rate is exceeding $160ish.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>melissatrv
<Content>Good Overall but not 5 Star This hotel is in a great location....walking distance to shopping, restaurants and attractions. So if you are looking for a perfect location you cannot go wrong. The room was clean, the bathroom large with lots of counter space, towels and ammenities. I was in the North Tower on an upper floor with a spectacular view of the Space Needle and Puget Sound! The Service Express was great, anything I called about was taken care of in a prompt courteous manner. In fact, room service would be at my door 10 minutes after I called and bell man almost immediately. The Concierge was helpful and knowledgeable about the area. The food is fairly limited and is also very expensive. All hotel food is expensive but I thought this was more so than other hotels and I travel extensively. Just oatmeal and tea in the morning for one cost almost $25 once service charge etc is factored in. A better option would be to go to the 5th Ave Cafe which is located in the downstairs lobby. The same breakfast would cost less than $10. The cafe has everything, not just a la carte, you can get waffles, pancakes, hot sandwhiches and soup for lunch.I did use the gym and liked it a great deal. The only hotel I have stayed in with a better one was an Orlando hotel which had a unique facility to rival most gyms. They have several treadmills and elyptical machines, stair climbers with their invidual TVs and headphones which is nice. They had a few upper and lower body machines and free weights. They also had a smaller room with a couple machines and equipment such as a stability ball. I was at a conference so we gathered in the bar in the lobby several times, the services there is great the waitress Melody was very friendly. A relaxing atmosphere and wireless access throughout.The bad: Internet Access BEWARE of this. Ok, the hotel does NOT have wireless access in your room. If your PC detects a wireless network it is not the hotel's network. It is a separate network which will charge $10 a day to your credit card and not your room bill. To connect to the Westin's network you need to plug in the network cable. You will see the Westin logo etc and that the charge is billed to your room. They do not tell you this. The conference I attended covered room charges, so I ended up paying out of pocket for a day's worth of internet access which was not credited to me. They were like oh well it is not our network and we have no control over this Also the network was saturated and for 2 days I could not get access to the Westin's network and if I did it was extremely slow.One other thing: I had a connecting room and a door divided my room with the room next door. I did not know the men next door. The door was not sound proofed and I could hear every conversation they had and I am sure they could hear me as well. These people were in and out all hours of the day and night. Also I was across from a stairwell which is used by service people. So all night I would hear this door slamming shut. I hardly got any sleep despite the nice comfy beds with all this racket. Then on my last night about 1am, the group of men staying in the room next door tried to bust open the door between our rooms and get into my room! I was shaken up by this and as my room was at the end of the hall had no way out. And I am a woman traveling alone. I called the Desk and they sent security up right away. The Mgr also phoned me back and changed my room to a different floor in a non-connecting room. This room was quiet. Ironically my last night was the only night I had 5 hours of uninterrupted sleep without doors slamming. So overall it was a fairly good stay but as I did not feel safe due to the incident above I was happy to be checking out.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	5	1	

<Author>MBTravelMommy
<Content>We thought it was great!!!! We booked our one night stay in Seattle through Priceline - $135 for the night plus taxes etc. For that price we were extremely happy with our stay. There were a few issues though . . . Our room was comfy and cozy and a bit small - it was an office that was converted to a guest room. We had a view of an ugly wall. But the beds were comfortable and clean and full of pillows!! My 4 year old son found a pill on the floor of the room and brought it to me. Thank goodness he knew what to do and didnt try to eat it!! We mentioned it to the staff upon check out. The hotel clerk was clearly upset and very apologetic. When I also mentioned that our in room coffee machine didnt work - he bought us coffee and some milk for the kids. They probably should have done more since I think the pill thing was a HUGE problem. We had been traveling all week and gretting ready to catch a flight so I really was half asleep at checkout.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	2	4	4	2	

<Author>myapplebuddy
<Content>Fabulous stay at the Westin! Not only did we get a great deal through Priceline, the hotel also exceeded our expectations as well. The location is excellent, truly a great central location for everything in downtown Seattle. Shopping, Pike Place Market, etc. are all within walking distance which is nice. We attended a show at Jazz Alley, which was only a block away from the hotel. A couple other not to miss things nearby is the Icon Grill restaurant across the street (wonderful atmosphere  food) and Lola on the corner of 4th  Virginia. All 6 people in our group tried their made to order doughnuts and agreed they were the best doughnuts we had ever had. The hotel itself was clean, rooms were pleasantly large  comfortable. The views were great since their aren't many other very tall building immediately next to the hotel (except the other hotel tower since there's 2). The Sheraton Hotel is the other 4 star hotel you commonly get with Priceline bids in downtown Seattle, and we've stayed their 3 times in the past. Overall we enjoyed our stay at the Westin more than we've enjoyed previous stays at the Sheraton hotel, although the Sheraton is nice too. Highly recommended hotel!  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Resort_Employee
<Content>Weary Westin I took a chance on this one.I was torn when booking a room at the Westin Seattle. Reviews of this hotel are mixed, but I relied on past Wesin-stays and thought that I'd give this one a shot.What a disappointment. I transferred to the W Seattle after the first night.Pro's:Location: Walking distance to everything downtown Seattle has to offer!Views: The higher the room, the better the view. My room looked out to the Space Needle and over the water!Bed: Westin's 'Heavenly Beds', as always, live up to their name.Front-Desk Staff: Very welcoming and courteous.Coldwater Bar  Grill (Food): Very yummyCon's:Public Spaces: Generally uninspiringRooms/Hotel in General: Though recently undergoing renovations, this hotel shows its age everywhere. The room had stained/torn carpets. Bathroom was drab and moldy. Hardware and furniture are worn and tired.Room Service: Overpriced (like most 4 star hotels) and unfriendly room service attendantsColdwater Bar  Grill (Staff): Honestly? They scared me. Our servers were older, poorly groomed, and overbearing. One of them stood against the wall opposite the tables in our section and watched us (and others) as we ate... I'm sorry, but that's creepy.Overall:Sorry, but new cushions and bedding does not a renovation make. However, I have hope for this Westin. With a major staffing, service, and building overhaul, this could potentially be one of Seattle's finest hotels.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	4	2	3	

<Author>cbck2333
<Content>Great hotel I've stayed at this hotel on three occaisons, as I come to the area quite often. Overall, very clean, great service, and very well equipped. I choose the Seattle Westin everytime I am in the area.Great pool area and workout facility, very spacious rooms, and great view make this hotel a definite recommendation in my book.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>travelgrrlnyc
<Content>Good deal- Great view       3462: Room with a view!  
<Date>Feb 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>azrael765
<Content>Great experience       Excellent view  
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

