<Author>Entrossb
<Content>Sorrento Disappoints Again Last night, my wife, Rose and I visited the Fireside Room intending to have drinks and dessert. This has been a two or three times a year, winter and bad weather routine for us for the past 18 years. At least once a year we bring out of town guests. Last night, our experience in your lovely setting was poor in every aspect - shocking to us really - as although we had encountered hiccups in the past, this time something seemed systemically wrong. In no particular order: We were ignored at the hostess station as we stood there surveying the room. There was a hostess standing there but she was more intrigued with what was going on on her computer screen. My guess is we stood there for nearly two minutes without her saying a word to us or lifting her head from the screen. Four suitable tables were open but three of them had dirty dishes sitting on them. We waited awhile longer and then chose one of the tables that was not yet cleared and we consolidated the dishes onto the uncleared tables beside us. Those tables remained uncleared for another ten minutes until another guest (staying with you) came and sat down there - she then partly cleared them herself. The room was cold. There was no live music but there was also no recorded music playing throughout our 45 minute visit except for the last 15 minutes. No water was offered or brought. We ordered desserts. We almost always have one or two drinks each but seeing all the malfunction around us, we chose not to this time. We also noted that my usual order Laphroaig 10 year old was $15 a glass - at least $3 higher then anywhere else in the city. The desserts are fairly priced (kind of a disconnect). Everything was slow for us and for all around us. We heard several customers inquire as to where things were, how much longer, etc. I went to the front desk to get a comment card. None were there. No one came to the front desk to greet me. Three minutes later, the concierge asked me if I had been helped. I asked for a comment card and for your business card. He gave them both to me but did not inquire as to what was on my mind. Huge missed opportunity. Ever since we moved to Seattle, the Sorrento has been a part of our routine. We stayed with you for two nights when we were relocating from California. We have reccommended the Sorrento to a half dozen out of towners and to countless locals looking for a stylish respite.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2009
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MadMexSanFrancisco
<Content>NIce but rooms are overrated. The service and the free shuttle was great. (if the shuttle is busy, no ride) The rooms are very small and although newly appointed with tile, carpet and some furniture are somewhat lacking in detail. Rusty door hinges, cob webs behind the curtains, and the bathrooms are 5 x 5 with little or no shelvings.Also seems like some residents from a different era are living there. Observed more than one pet leave the building with people.A one night getaway in our opinion at the most.For the same price we could have stayed at a modern hotel downtown.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	2	4	4	3	

<Author>WorldTraveler38
<Content>2nd visit went okay but still not my first pick THE GOOD:Free town car use in town (they expect tips and don鈥檛 go to the airport)Fast check-in/check outFree internet and its fast and consistent (big plus)Pretty in old-fashioned way Very good food in restaurant/room service (but limited selection)Tea maker in room makes excellent tea (loved it)Friendly staff in each departmentBed was decent and lighting in room was goodGood bath productsTHE BAD:Checked into wrong room (had suite, checked into regular room); they fixed when I asked about it Water in shower is extremely inconsistent and dangerous. It went from cold to scalding hot in seconds and wouldn鈥檛 maintain a steady temperature (actually burnt my skin) Very strange strong odor in hallways (but not in rooms) Heat did not work in my room (they sent up heater but took 2 days) No clock in room (had to ask for one, which they sent) No sound proof windows; street sounds were extremely loud (sirens, cars, train whistles in early am, even heard what sounded like drag racing several nights) No bathtub in a suite room is ridiculous; only had a tiny shower Not close to Pike Street/tourist area (but short cab/car away)I鈥檝e given this hotel two chances. Would I stay here again? Maybe but I would definitely look elsewhere first. (W, Four Seasons, Pan Pacific, etc.) The shower burn was a big turn-off and not easy to forget. The level of service is not up to par with 4 star hotels at all but the staff is nice enough and they鈥檙e trying. Half the issue is the building is just old. Half appears to be a lack of anticipating basic needs or informing guests of items. IeNo bathtub in an upgraded room was a rude shock. It鈥檚 not completely horrible but so much ends up not going smoothly or to guest expectation that it ends up feeling like a hassle. I upgraded to the junior suite on this visit because I thought it would be better than the regular room on my last visit but there was barely any difference and the lack of basics was still the same. I also do not remotely understand anyone rating this a 5 star hotel. Maybe based on friendliness yes, but execution? No way. Not if you鈥檝e traveled at all and stayed at a true 5 star hotel. And they seriously need to work on the water situation. It's not only a hassle but dangerous. What if I'd been someone that couldn't jump out the way fast enough? I moved REALLY quickly and still got hurt.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	2	4	4	3	5	

<Author>Casperexe
<Content>Great atmosphere We arrived in Seattle and had two nights booked into the Sorrento to begin our two week holiday in Washington. We were made to feel very welcome and were provided with some very useful information from front desk staff..Our room was very comfortable and quiet,we had a great nights sleep and were able to explore downtown Seattle the following morning, only 15 mins walk (downhill)..We enjoyed taking a ride down to Pionner Square in the complimentary hotel car, following drinks in the elegant yet relaxed hotel bar and Fireside room..We thoroughly enjoyed our stay here, and would recommend the Sorrento.. Having stayed in other, more expensive hotels in Seattle it is worth the extra few blocks walk up the hill...I also had the best breakfast at this hotelof our whole trip, and a decent cup of tea too!  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Watervilleman
<Content>Great stay at the Sorrento We have just returned from a 5 day stay at the Sorrento Hotel In Seattle, Washington. We stayed in a Sorrento suite with two queen beds. The hotel, while older, was very nice and charming. Beds turned down at night with chocolates on the pillows is still the norm at the Sorrento. Pillows galore. Each bed had six. We would like to give special mention to the staff. They made our stay enjoyable in every possible way. We had difficulties connecting to the internet the first hour we arrived. An IT person, Andrew, was sent to our room. He figured out the problem and had us up and running within a half hour. Not only knowlegeable but very polite and friendly. That was how we found the whole staff.The concerige was always smiling and willing to offer suggestions for meals and had maps available for the guests use. We toured around the city for our 5 days and the hotel has a car available, free of charge, for destinations within a 2 mile radius. Every driver was also so friendly and offered suggestions for restaurants and sights to see. Each made a special effort to make sure we were dropped right at the door of our destination. Seattle is a city that definitely has a lot of rain and the Sorrento is prepared. Complimentary umbrellas are supplied for your use. Another example of the effort the Sorrento makes for their guests to ensure a pleasant and comfortable stay. Our visit receives a 5 out of 5 rating. We would definitely return to the Sorrento.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>liliesfire
<Content>The Perfect Hotel! My fiance and I stayed at the Sorrento during a weekend away - and we couldn't have asked for a better place to stay! Upon arriving and checking in, we were immediately ushered into the elevator (which is small) and shown to our room. The room, although a little small, was absolutely beautiful and had heavenly scent of jasmine. The bellhop asked if we would like to make reservations anywhere in town for dinner that night, and since we didn't know where to go, gave us a few recommendations and let us alone to decide. We called the concierge who gave us great tips and recommendations.Our entire trip we found the hotel staff and concierge beyond helpful as far as making recommendations for dinner, bars, and clubs. Even though we had a car, we used the towncar service frequently everyday - and never had to wait more than about 15 minutes for it to arrive (although I recommend reserving it in advance if you know you will be leaving at a certain time). The beds were absolutely heaven and our entire stay was very enjoyable. We found the restaurant attached to the hotel to be a little pricey for what was provided, but immensely enjoyed sitting in the lounge of the hotel sipping some drinks and listening to the beautiful jazz singer they had for the night. I would not hesitate to return to the Sorrento! It was wonderful!  
<Date>Sep 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RollingStone99
<Content>Highlight of our Trip The Sorrento was by far the most enjoyable stay on our fantastic two-week tour of western Canada, ending in Seattle. The luxury factor may be higher at some others, but the feeling of Sorrento is unbeatable. Even for a boutique hotel, the staff are ultra helpful without being intrusive. Our room was perfection (except maybe TOO great an assortment of pillows). The elevator was plenty fast for us, but I guess it could be slow at busy times. Wireless internet worked fine, but they provide an Ethernet cable just in case.We did not have a car here, so didn't deal with parking. The walk to Pike Place is pleasant and seems safe.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cruznut1111
<Content>Nice, but not for tourists Had another visit to Pill Hill recently and decided on the Sorrento instead of our usual Inn at Virginia Mason. The Sorrento really is lovely, if a bit casual in service. When I have to hit the hill again, I'll probably go back to the Inn with a couple mealtime visits to Sorrento. For me it is a matter of value vs price. I would give it good marks for anyone who has to be at the hospitals, but can't imagine suggesting it for a regular visitor. Why?The neighborhood is a M-F 9-5 sort of place, far from the rest of the tourist activities. Two blocks to the nearest Starbucks, but for those who can handle it, there is a Tully's across the street. The free coffee in the mornings is Illy's European style and quite good.I have a hard time understanding anyone wanting to be in Seattle and not being within sight or scent of the Sound.I'll still be recommending the Mayflower, Edgewater and Inn at the Market for this price range. For higher, the Olympic.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>4	2	4	2	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>iowaknit
<Content>A blissful experience My husband and I stayed at the Sorrento Hotel for our honeymoon and it was an wonderful experience. The entire staff, from the concierge to housekeeping, was considerate and very accommodating.The rooms were tastefully decorated, with an understated elegance, and the beds were absolutely wonderful to sleep in! The town car service was very convenient, although we found that we were able to walk to just about any place in town, including the downtown area, Broadway street, and the Space Needle (if you like longer walks). The hotel is just a few blocks away from amazing restaurants on Broadway Street, be sure to check them out as well! All in all, it was a fantastic choice and I would recommend staying there to anyone.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>alexnath
<Content>The friendliest hotel in America. My Husband and I stayed at the Sorrento after being on a cruise, and it really ended our holiday on a high. From the moment we arrived, you were made to feel really special. Nothing was too much trouble for the staff there. The Hotel has real charm and everything about the place was tasteful. The bedrooms were wonderfrul, and in the evenings they have a beautiful fireside room where they play jazz, and it was a lovely place to unwind and relax after a busy day. We have travelled all over the world, and the one thing that is lacking in most of the hotels nowadays is the complete indifference most of the staff have, well you won't find that in the Sorrento, it is run by people who really care that your stay is enjoyable. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who is ever in Seattle. I just wish that other hotels could be run in this manner. The location is ideal and they have a courtesy car that will take you into the City whenever you like. The Concierge and other members of staff really went out of their way to be helpful, even recommending places to visit that would'nt be too crowded, as unfortunately we arrived on the weekend of a public holiday.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cbabeej
<Content>Beautiful Hotel! We live on the Kitsap Peninsula across from Seattle and stay there often. Having driven by this hotel for 30 years, we decided it was time to stay here. It is absolutely gorgeous!! I had booked a King room and they upgraded us to a suite, it was very nice and comfortable. The beds and Italian linens (Filidoro) were to die for!! The only problem was that the room was cold and we could not find any evidence of heat. This is a very old hotel, so it was really not surprising to us and we were only staying one night, so we didn't worry about it. We dined in the extravagant lounge with a fabulous circular couch  piano player. It was romantic! Had a great breakfast in the Hunt Club restaurant in the morning (cold again, my husband offered to go to the room and get my coat, I almost took him up on it) I would like to point out that I generally run hot and enjoy places to be cool, but this was just a bit too much. The only other negative is that it is not located downtown Seattle, but just across the freeway, so you can't walk to everything. We knew that, so it was no problem, but if someone was coming to Seattle on vacation and planned on walking to all the sights, it would be a problem. Anyway, beautiful hotel and restaurant!!  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	2	5	5	4	5	

<Author>RandiJ
<Content>The Sorrento - Great Place I stayed at the Sorrento last June during a work related conference. I was impressed with the quality and comfort level. I am attending another conference June 2008. My co-workers were forced to reserve at a hotel I will not stay at again, I notice comments on this site re that hotel are accurate. I contacted The Sorrento to make my plea and was instructed to call the following AM as the hotel was reaching capacity and the employee did not have the authority to book at a lower price. I called the following AM and was given a reservation. This consideration is what ensures my future business. The quality, the customer service and the importance this establishment obviously places on a long term association sets it apart and above all the others.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>drainguy
<Content>Loved The Sorrento Hotel I surprised my wife with a weekend getaway for her birthday. I booked a room at The Sorrento Hotel and the exceptional service started as soon as we pulled in the driveway. The amazing service carried on right until we left. We felt like we were the only two people staying at the hotel.We have recommended The Sorrento Hotel to all who will listen and we will definitely be back soon.RP, Sidney, BC  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pemberto
<Content>Absolute Perfection A wonderful place to spend your honeymoon! Well greeted by front desk staff and valet. In fact, some of the best customer service I鈥檝e experienced period. Foyer and sitting room have the old world elegance of a fine European hotel. Our suite was impeccable with luxurious bedding, marble bath, and fine champagne. Great attention to detail is evident in the choice fabrics, woods, art, and colors used in the room. As expected, the suite was exquisitely maintained. The entire Sorrento staff was attentive to all our needs yet respected our privacy. Such a perfect place for a romantic getaway, we鈥檙e already planning our 1 year anniversary at the Sorrento later this year. Highly recommended for those seeking an elegant room, perfect service, old world charm, and fine dining. What more can you ask for?  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dannyboy67
<Content>THE SORRENTO IS CLASSY just wonderful in every way. from greeting by the conciege to the shampoo in the suite. our lunch upon arrival on friday was as sophisticated and good as anything in san francisco and we enjoyed it so much we had sunday bruch before leaving.can't say enough good things  
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>wazoocat
<Content>Sweet Seattle Hotel I travel frequently between Portland and Seattle and regularly spend the night in Seattle. I used to book the best hotel I could find on hotwire or priceline by playing hotel roulette.Seattle is blessed with a bountiful supply of top flight hotels and I have stayed at some of it's best ie.W,Alexis,Four Seasons.However,my favorite Seattle hotel to date is the Sorrento. I'm not sure if it is the classic design of yesteryear or the subperb hospitality but I find myself directly inquiring their availability prior to participating in hotel roulette. I even stayed the weekend during a college football game and was provided a complimentary limo ride to and from QWEST field. The driver even took us from bar to bar after the game!In anyevent I highly reccomend the Sorrento Hotel in Seattle.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DiannePugetSound
<Content>My out of town visitors love this hotel Our out of town visitors love the old wood, traditional ambience and good food in the hotel. They've reported that their stay is comfy and service has been good. While it's not right downtown it is within a few blocks-- easy walking or a quick taxi ride away. (The hotel also has a town car service.) I've also hosted a major event (daughter's wedding) there-- the guests were happy. And incidentally the Hunt Club catered buffet is still the talk of my relatives!!  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>WAStateTraveler
<Content>A tradition Every year we stay at the Sorrento during the Christmas holiday. The staff is always friendly and helpfull. We love the old European feeling it has with the different shaped rooms and cozy feeling. It is a true highlight for us, the hotel is always decked out for Christmas and with the fire going in the lounge it makes the perfect end to a day of shopping or theater in Seattle. A tradition we look forward to every year.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Wuzzo1
<Content>Not quite perfect We booked The Sorrento as I wanted to give my husband a lovely weekend away as a Christmas gift. I also looked at The Alexis, but was more taken by the Old World charm of The Sorrento. While the experience was a good one, I am not sure I would return to this property. Here are the pros and cons, keeping in mind this was planned as a romantic interlude.Pros: Fabulous, and I mean truly amazing staff. Jeffrey, a concierge, was especially charming. The staff members were beautifully dressed, low key and exceptionally professional. They knew our name each time we came down, and were very accommodating.Gorgeous king bed with excellent linens, including a variety of huge, fluffy pillows. Lovely decor throughout, dark and full of ambience.Beautiful Fireside Bar with soft Jazz entertainment. Pleasant restaurant. We didn't eat there as we are vegetarian and wanted to check out Caf茅 Flora.Cute factor: The elevator mat is changed daily and incorporates that particular day of the week. Cons: No coffee/tea maker in room. We went out and bought a kettle. I found this hard to take as I like my wake-up cuppa. I found out after my return that I could have asked for one. (This information was provided by their very helpful and pleasant client services manager.) However, there was no card advertising this point, it was not (as far as I can recall) in the service guide, and no one told me at the front desk. This minor point bugged me as, being a Brit, I find I get very antsy when I can't make tea.Not-too-pleasant scent of old buildings in the bathroom, which was also cold and drafty and did not have it's own heat. Very pretty though and well equipped. Lovely bath robes. Location not central. While the hotel operates a town car we had out own wheels and drove into Seattle's city centre. We think we prefer to walk out into the thick of things. The hotel is in a residential area. This said, that is just out personal preference.We would definitely recommend the hotel to friends, but we would mention the cold bathroom and to ask for a coffee press. It is for these two reasons that I have rated our stay a 4 and not a 5.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	2	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jobrainez
<Content>Beautiful to look at...but not to smell! This is exactly the sort of hotel that I love to stay in when I'm traveling for business - old world charm, attention-to-detail services, unique decor. But there was a persistent mustiness, a near-nursing-home odor to my room and the entire 5th floor that overpowered my otherwise complete sensory enjoyment of the experience. The staff is lovely. The room was beautifully appointed. The food in the restaurant was delicious. But olfactorily speaking, it was a bit of a stinker.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2007
<Rating>3	5	2	3	2	5	4	2	

<Author>TravelbugSpokane
<Content>Disappointing We visit Seattle annually and have always stayed at the Sorrento. It is a beautiful, old hotel that has always impressed us with its level of service. However, this last last trip was disappointing. First, they have changed their car service. It operates only until 5 p.m. on the weekends and the car was not the same as previous years. It was worn and old. We were also told by the valet that we needed to tip the driver because he only was paid by gratuities. Not only was this advice unnecessary but it was unprofessional. No car service meant taking taxi cabs to dinner and shopping because this hotel is not within an easy walk of the Market or many restaurants. We were also disappointed by the general lack of service. In our previous stays, we were warmly greeted and our bags taken to our room where the bell-hop would turn on classical music. Turn-down service was automatic and fresh ice delivered nightly to the room. None of this happened during this last trip. In fact, when we asked what hours the Market was opened we were met with a shrug. If we hadn't been treated so well in the past, perhaps this wouldn't have been so shocking. Maybe this was just a bad weekend but it seemed that the hotel has cut down on its staff and certainly are trimming corners on costs such as the car service. If you are a returning guest anticipating using the car service, just be prepared for the changes.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>kkhart
<Content>Something special in Seattle We stayed two nights in separate stays at the beginning of September. This is a beautiful historic hotel with wood paneling in the lobby and bar. It is a little bit off the main tourist area up on a hill. The hotel has a very romantic atmosphere 鈥?as was evidenced by the wedding parties checking in both times we visited. The views are not great since the hotel is not very tall and there are many newer tall buildings between it and the waterfront (an easy walk), but the location is very nice and convenient to the freeways. But who needs to look out the window with such beautifully appointed rooms? The beds are luxurious, with high count sheets and tons of pillows. The rooms include fresh local coffee with a french press and the bathroom amenities are excellent. The furnishings are very tasteful and high quality. We did have some traffic noise on our first stay - this hotel IS in a city. Also, the first room we had overlooked the parking lot, but the main concern was a generator noise that bothered my husband. I requested a room change, and after being made to wait a long time by an obviously new desk clerk, was given an upgrade to a suite by his more experienced co-worker. When we returned for the second stay later in the week, I requested a room on the other, quieter side of the building. And that is when I learned from the staff that the even numbered rooms have the king beds but are on the noisy side, the odd numbered rooms have the queen beds but are quiet. We had an odd numbered room the second time and had a peaceful, quiet evening.Do not miss having a drink in the wood paneled lobby bar - even if you don't stay here.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>cchri1p
<Content>Great hotel, small room I was very impressed with the Sorrento Hotel. The bed was covered in high quality pillows of varying firmness, the sheets were also high quality, and the comforter was similar to the Heavenly bed at Westin. Free high speed internet access was definitely a major plus, as were the free NY Times and Wall Street Journal in the lobby.Although their valet parking was expensive, there is plenty of metered on street parking in the area (meters not read from 6 pm to 8 am).My only complaint was that the room was somewhat small for a hotel of this quality. Although the square footage was probably about average, a lot of in was wasted on the long hallway in the room. The actual living area was somewhat cramped, especially when the pillows were removed from the bed. Still, I thought the hotel was an excellent value for the money, and I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ipolani
<Content>Favorite Hotel Bed! This hotel has the most amazing bed and bedding I've ever experienced, it's just perfection! It's a nice thing that they have a product by product guide in the room regarding the bedding, I think I want to buy the entire collection.Was in town for work while on a three-month national-wide tour and this was my favorite hotel of them all. Again, the bedding was divine but the service and food also contributed to my great stay. My traveling group had many special needs and all were accommodated precisely and with a smile. We also took advantage of their complimentary car service which was so easy to use and driver extremely knowledgable about the city. This hotel is a real treat, highly recommend!  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>PhillyViajera
<Content>Friendly and personable meets luxury boutique I must admit I was a little suprised by the friendliness and helpfulness of the staff at The Sorrento Hotel. Everyone seemed genuinely interested in making our stay the best it could be. The accomodations were really nice, as I had expected from other reviews, with plush bedding, robes, lovely furnishings, etc. Our room was a little small, but from what I could tell, one of the smallest they have (we went for the cheapest rate!) and was more than adequate. Also each room has a mini business center with free internet access, a fax, printer and office supplies! It really came in handy for printing out tourist information we found on the web once we got there. They had an excellent jazz singer performing Saturday night and afterwards we got a great recommendation from the valet for a new wine bar that was exactly what we were looking for. I generally like trying different places when I return to a city, but I think I'll be staying at The Sorrento then next time I'm in Seattle!  
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lesliek
<Content>wonderful setting but service not equal to the price for seattle We want to love the Sorrento. It is in a charming historic building with a wonderful lobby bar and has a delightful feeling unlike other seattle hotels. and we had our first date and first night of our honeymoon there several years ago!So we keep on going back even though we have service problems againand again This time for our anniversary we booked with AmexPlatinum as what we thought would be a failsafe measure for good service. but when we asked to have our room cleaned (at both the front desk and housekeeping) because Amex gives 4 pm check out, we came back to a room that hadnt been touched. after complaining (politely i might add) we did get an apology letter in the mail but not even an offer of a free drink for our next visit . For the price in Seattle, stay at the Inn at the Market, for a little more the Fairmont or try your chances at the many new hotels that may not have the history but charge less and dont tempt you with charm but fail to deliver!  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	2	2	2	-1	4	

<Author>muttger
<Content>Very charming. Old world style This is a very endearing hotel with old world charm. The staff is friendly and accommodating and personable. After one day, we were greeted by name upon returning to the hotel. The service deserves top ratings. We booked a suite and the living space was very spacious. We had two queen beds and both were comfortable - they have a pillow menu and several types to choose from and although we couldn't distinguish which was which we all found something comfortable. We had no view but that was okay. If you like modern and contemporary this is not the hotel for you but if you enjoy old world luxury and style you will love this property. The room has a great audio system and was equipped with a fax and copy machine. There was also a little bar area with a french press coffee maker and fresh ground coffee - nice touch!The air conditioning worked well but had a little rattle. They have a wonderful afternoon tea served in a clubby sitting room atmosphere with a fireplace, cushy seating and dark wood. We also had an enjoyable breakfast outside on the patio (Hunt Club), which was delicious. The location (on First Hill) was definitely residential in nature and the walking access to downtown was fine although very steep - I am not sure I would make this walk alone. If you plan to spend a lot of time down by the Public Market I would stay somewhere else. The work out area was unexpectedly good with windows to the street and decent aerobic and weight equipment. Two members of our group adored this hotel and wished we could have stayed longer. We also wished we had been able to have a drink in the Hunt club. Next time!  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	4	5	4	

<Author>coffeelove
<Content>Oh, I Love this place! I was lucky enough to win a Gift Certificate to the Sorrento hotel, and what a beautiful place! I thought they might look down their noses at me, given that I had a Donated gift certificate, but the front desk treated me well, as did the concierge.The room was lovely, if a little small, but it had a French Press, and the coffee was actually not bad at all! There was a cd player, and complimentary use CD's, including a Blues compilation that I listened to while I took a bath.The bathroom was really beautiful, lots of white and grey marble.The Sorrento offers complimentary car service, and they took my friend and I to Capitol Hill, in no time flat.If I had the money, I would stay there all the time.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	4	5	

<Author>nyctravelr
<Content>Charming find in Seattle Chose to stay at the Sorrento after seeing some mediocre reviews of the Olympic and was very pleasantly surprised . Had a fantastic time at the hotel  was really wowed by the service. Everyone from the bellman on was gracious, friendly  helpful. I was greeted by name everytime I walked through the lobby, my car was waiting for me when I needed it  people couldn't have been genuinely nicer. The service is akin to that of a white glove building in NYC.The town car service is fabulous. It was a great treat of not having to worry about navigating through a different city or finding parking (or driving after having a drink). I just left the rental car with the valet  used the car service throughout the stay. One note: the London taxi is a quite charming conversation piece, but the LIncoln town car is actually a much more comfortable ride.The concierge emailed me before my arrival  responded the same day to my query (including web links  schedules). During the stay, he spent a lot of time helping me create interesting tour itineraries.Did not eat the restaurant, but had a very pleasant experience at the bar. Another nice touch is having the NY Times available daily. The gym was being renovated, but used the pool/health club down the street for $10. The one downside is that the rooms are not particularly wonderful. They're quite dated/tired  not the same level of quality that you would find in a Four Seasons, Fairmont, W or even the Hyatt in Seattle. Bathroom is on the small side  not done especially well (though it's a pretty typical NYC bathroom). The glass shelves were tilting off the wall  the robe hooks were missing (just bare installation plates). Also, the location isn't right in the smack of downtown, but it's mitigated by the car service  Seattle is not a big city, so it's not a huge hike if yuo decide to walk.That being said, I would highly recommend the Sorrento for people who appreciate good service and wiling to trade a iittle bit of chain uniformity for charm  sometimes quirkiness.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SC/BTravels
<Content>Not enough time! We booked the Sorrento for a one night stay. As we arrived very late and had to leave very early, we didn't get to check out the whole hotel. The bed was comfy with plenty of pillows. The bathroom small, but nicely done. The staff was very friendly. We plan to stay at the Sorrento again when we have more time to enjoy this beautiful old hotel. Oh...and coffee in the lobby with paper travel cups and plastic lids were available when we left at 6am...nice!  
<Date>May 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>FreddieBSeattle
<Content>Great hotel but LOUSY, tacky hidden pet fee My girlfriend and I stayed there for a special occasion. I LOVED having a drink in the amazing fireside room off the lobby - it's one of the best places to have a drink in Seattle. The suite was nice, but felt like it should be updated. We rode in the new British Taxi car (part of their complimentary downtown towncar service), and that was a really great way to eat dinner downtown and not worry about driving, etc (we tipped the driver $10 each way).My biggest complaint (and it's a big one), is that they don't tell you there's a pet fee until you're there. We checked the website, and while making the reservation on the phone I told them I was bringing our black lab, and they never said there's a $50 fee - I hate hidden charges, especially when I'm already springing for a suite. Notice here: www.hotelsorrento.com/reservations-petfriendly.php - It says they're pet friendly but there's no mention of the hidden fee which is tacky.Besides that, we really enjoyed our stay. They should update the rooms (TVs looked like they're from 1985), but the town car service and fireside room are amazing.  
<Date>May 24, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	3	5	4	4	4	

<Author>PhilipFamily
<Content>The Best We live just outside Seattle, but when my husband and I need a romantic get-away from the kids, The Sorrento is where we head. The rooms are fabulous, the location an easy walk to the downtown area, the food is top-notch and the staff are outstanding. Without any prompting, we found a bottle of wine and a selection of cheese, crackers and fruit in our room when we arrived.We cannot recommend this hotel highly enough if you are looking for a small, intimate, quiet and romantic place to stay as opposed to the larger chains. Wonderful!  
<Date>May 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Schaffnva
<Content>Fantastic experience The previous postings do this hotel justice. Fantastic experience. Great customer service...Jerry Hume, Concierge, is top notch and everyone else provided nothing but top level customer service. Room was clean, bed was great, and loved the french press coffee service in the room. It is the little things that make a stay great. Sorrento does a great job.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mgbeaty
<Content>Great Hotel I stayed at the hotel for one night in November. Without me having to ask, they gave me a complimentary upgrade to a small suite. They also arranged for a town car to drop me off and pick me up from a seminar at the Washington Convention Center. The Convention Center is a little too far to walk. The only negative thing was that the main restaurant was closed for renovations while I was there. Instead, the meals were served in the bar area. Given how nice everything else was, I didn't care.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>swelch
<Content>Samll hotel with many nice touches Nice touches abound in this boutique hotel in downtown Seatlle. It's not brand new, but has been well maintained and has lots of character.A few of the extra touches I particularly appreciated:1. Free delivery of warm cookies and pellegerino/still water at 5pm on day of checkin.2. 7 pillows on the bed, with a map to show which were soft, medium or firm.3. Two robes.4. A small but nice bathroom with marble tiles and Molton Brown toiletries.5. Two phones in the room 鈥?one of which was cordless.6. Easy to use high speed internet access, which was free for the first 24 hours.7. A Radio/CD player with 3 themed CDs.8. TV with lots of channels and good reception.9. Well stocked mini bar and a French press coffee maker.10. Umbrella in the room for the rainy seattle weather.11. A nice bar off the lobby with live music at night.12. Friendly/helpful staff.I would definitely consider the Sorrento again if I'm back in Seattle.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Prefer1stClass
<Content>Exceptional Staff My husband and I stayed at the Sorrento the night before leaving on and after returning from a cruise. So we got to see the hotel on a Friday and Saturday night a week apart.The staff was wonderful. When we arrived, they got our name from the luggage tags and were already getting us checked in before we even came in the hotel. The concierge was helpful in arranging scheduling the complementary town car service to the pier and area restaurants for us, as well as the dock for our cruise departure. They also picked us up when we returned.The hotel restaurant was good, though not exceptional. We had breakfast in the restaurant one morning and room service the other. Service was friendly.We were subject to a Sweet 16 party our 1st night in the hotel. We complained about the noise and when we returned for our 2nd night the next weekend, we were upgraded. We appreciated the gesture, however that weekend, a Bat Mitzvah was taking place. Also a very noisy occasion. So 2 young ladies enjoyed their big nights, while we did not.The hotel is lovely. The staff exceptional. Street noise is not a problem. Parties on the 7th floor - big problem. Great location - close enough to everything without being too close. The complementry car service is a big plus.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hipmamatravels
<Content>Old Fashioned Atmosphere I wasn't sure what to expect from the Sorrento Hotel after reading other reviews but I was able to book a free night there with credit card reward points and that made it more appealing than surrounding properties. Yes, it is an old fashioned hotel with a tiny elevator and older rooms. However they have been appointed beautifully with luxury linens, coffee makers, TV and stereo, wonderful robes, lots of niceties etc. The bathroom while smaller than other high end hotels was wonderfully equipped with drawer organizers, a scale, hairdryer etc. It was also brightly lit. The desk in the room was a business center with free Internet access and a fax/printer under the desk. Opening the drawer I found a complete setup with tape, paper clips, stapler etc. The only downside was the AC system. It was a window unit that even running on high all night never seemed to rid the room of stuffiness. This was a 70 degree day in Seattle, I can't imagine what the summer is like. The windows in the room do open but the street noise was annoying. I heard one siren go by early in the morning through the closed windows.The front desk staff was very friendly. I didn't ask much of them but found no fault. I did not try the car service. I parked on the street since it was a Saturday night and avoided the valet parking fee. Room service came quickly and was delicious. I went to the Fireside Room to listen to a live jazz trio. This would have been more delightful if there were more servers. Service was VERY slow. The real mood killer (and this isn't the hotel's fault) was the 10 year old boy sitting in front of me with his parents who were allowing him to entertain himself by taking 30+ photos with a flash digital camera. In a dimly lit room, this was very hard on the eyes. Overall I enjoyed The Sorrento. It reminded me of the Algonquin Hotel in New York City with it's clean and freshly painted but original interior.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	3	5	

<Author>PFP
<Content>Excellent This is a wonderful hotel on a hillside minutes from the city centre. With a friendly and helpful staff this hotels bears every mark of being well run and maintained throughout. My room was a twin with a comfortable bed made up with three options of pillows and a down comforter, a wonderful bathroom, comfortable chairs and a desk where you could. work. It is a small business centre in itself, with printer/scanner and a drawer containing stapler, scissors, paper clips etc. Good lighting all around. Complimentary press coffee in the room. Reception and adjoining Fireside Room has beaautiful dark wooden panel and comfortable furniture, there is pleasant live entertainment most evenings. Hunt Club restaurant never really was my favourite in Seattle. It is OK for breakfast but for dinner I strongly recommend going somewhere else. The Metropolitan Grill downtown is excellent, serving great steaks in an informal atposphere.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>grollett
<Content>High Expectation, Very Low Return I surprised my husband with an in-town getaway at the Sorrento for our anniversary. Although our room was cozy and our meal at the Hunt Club was delicious, I will likely never return because of what I learned after checking out. My sister and a friend each called the hotel to have a bottle of champagne sent to our room. They never arrived. Although there WAS a bottle of champagne in the room when we arrived, it also had a card from the hotel staff, leading us to believe that the hotel had provided it. We still do not know what really went wrong because we've been stonewalled. My sister, our friend, and we have not received any calls back from the hotel to explain what happened with the missing champagne. Even after writing a thoughtful letter to the hotel manager, I have had no response. It is shameful for a hotel of this caliber and expense to provide such poor customer service. It should be a common event to have people send flowers, wine, etc. to hotel guests. Please note that other negative reviews of this hotel have increased in 2006. It was our experience before this visit that it was the place to go for a real treat. I no longer feel that way. Try the Mayflower Park instead...it was a total treat during the holidays. Sorry, Sorrento, you need to go back to Hospitality School.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	4	3	3	1	-1	

<Author>ChasColq
<Content>Not very central We stayed here with 2 children and overall had a good time. We all enjoyed the free car service (though be warned you can't always get a car) and the room was excellent. However the reason they offer a car service soon became clear - its not as central as you'd expect for a hotel this expensive.All the staff were excellent - especially dealing with the serious matter of a lost teddy bear! Happily found during the search.Breakfast wasn't that good but nothing too wrong with it but again not as good as you'd expect for the money though amazingly in this day not a buffet.As other reviewers mention the public areas are strangely dark.There were also very few facilities (eg swimming pool).I would go back - I think!  
<Date>Sep 23, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	2	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Betny_in_ATL
<Content>Fantastic Service My boyfriend and I arrived at the Sorrento on Sept 6 and departed on Sept 9. The entire time we kept remarking on how helpful the staff was. We've stayed at some very nice hotels and he travels 50% for business and we both agreed the Sorrento was fantastic. Upon checking in, the concierge came up to our room to show us the details of the room and comment on the conservative nature of the lounge/bar if we were inclined to go. I suppose we looked a little younger than their average guests (we're both in our mid-20s) and he wanted to make sure we knew what we were in for. He made dinner reservations for us and arranged for the towncar to take us there and back. While at dinner, Jerry - the incredible concierge, called in and sent complimentary crab cakes to our table. They never seemed put out that we requested towncar service several times a day. All the valet staff were extremely courteous and helpful - not to mention pleasant to look at :)My meal from the Hunt Club (via room service) was mediocre, but I wan't very hungry and I doubt that their tomato soup and grilled cheese sandwich are the house specialty. Breakfast in the lounge was fantastic and I also liked the real in room coffee grounds and press.There is a definite musky odor in the hallways, but I think this could be fixed by a good Febrezing. The room did not have the same musky odor. Regarding a previous reviewer's comments about the lack of natural light - is the lobby darker than other hotels? Yes. However, I think this adds ambiance and beauty, rather than detracting from this hotel. You really feel like you are in the old world and the Sorrento is the longest operating hotel in Seattle - since 1908. I whole-heartedly recommend this hotel. My boyfriend regularly stays at the Seattle Westin and is switching his stays to the Sorrento after this week. It was less expensive than the other upscale chain hotels and there is no way you'd receive the same level of service and value for your dollar anywhere else in Seattle.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>ScaryCaroler
<Content>Beware of the Sorrento - Not clean Initially I was impressed when I arrived at the Sorrento Hotel and received fine service from the valet who greeted me, unloaded my bag from the taxi that brought me, and brought me up to the front desk and introduced me to the agent on the other side. From there, unfortunately, my experience deteriorated rapidly. I was underwhelmed by the agent who checked me in. I received no eye contact and felt as if I was nothing more than a bother who had interrupted what sounded like a personal phone call she had taken while I was checking in. With room key in hand, I proceeded up the tiny lobby elevator to a room on the fifth floor. Upon entering the room, I immediately noticed a musty smell. It smelled like a cross between mold and old cigarette smoke. I called the front desk and asked for another room and I was quickly rebuked and told that nothing else was available and that the hotel was sold out. This, however, didn't jibe with the valet who told me how surprisingly slow the hotel had been that week. Nevertheless, I accepted the room I was in, reluctantly, as it was only for one night and I proceeded to order room service after a long day of travel. Within twenty minutes, a smiling server brought me dinner: A bowl of soup with bread and a half sandwich. Unfortunately, I had to eat almost the entire bowl of soup before I found, what appeared to be, a dead roach (or possibly beetle) at the bottom of the bowl. Needless to say, I didn't dare touch the sandwich. I called the restaurant to report my findings and the initial person who answered the phone sounded disbelieving. That person then put the manager on who apologized and offered to send something else to the room, on the house. I declined, and he informed me that I wouldn't see a charge on my bill for that particular meal when I checked out the next day. He apologized again, promised he'd take the charge off my bill, and hung up. For the most part, despite eating insect soup, I was satisfied with the situation.I skipped breakfast in the restaurant the next morning, checked out on my way to a meeting, and left the hotel. Three hours later, in a cab on my way to Sea-Tac, I looked at the receipt from the Sorrento Hotel. On it, I found a charge for in-room dining: $32.18. The exact cost of the meal I had the misfortune of eating the night before. For a moment, I was quite angry and pulled out my cellphone to call the hotel and give them a piece of my mind. But before I could dial the hotel's number, I started laughing about the ridiculousness of paying 32.18 for the privilege of eating roach soup at the famous Sorrento Hotel and decided to just leave well-enough alone. My advice when staying at the Sorrento? Ask for a room renovated within the last century, don't interrupt the staff's personal phone calls, don't dare eat the food, and take what they promise with a grain of salt.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	3	2	1	2	-1	

<Author>mudpuppy24
<Content>Nice rooms; shame about the gloomy hotel The first thing you notice about this hotel is the gloomy lobby. It is all dark wood and low lighting. And forget trying to read anything over breakfast in the restaurant, unless you get very close to a window and, even then, you need a light above you. There is little natural light in any of the communal areas, and this is my biggest criticism of the hotel. The rooms themselves (I was in a regular room, not a suite) are just fine, with an extremely comfortable bed, lovely linens, and nice touches such as real coffee and a real coffee press. The view was of a parking lot and concrete, but when I tried to change rooms they said all the rooms had poor views 'because this is an old hotel'. Like most places, some of the staff were great, and some were less so. When my room still hadn't been cleaned by 5pm one day, the man at the front desk unapologetically told me it was a Sunday and this was to be expected. For $300 a night, you would expect better. A lot of people talk about the character of the place, and this is certainly better than the big chains, but even in August it just felt gloomy.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	2	4	3	2	4	

<Author>GSPTraveler
<Content>Nice hotel with old world charm I spent two nights at the Sorrento while in Seattle on business. I was pleasantly surprised with this hotel. While not one of Seattle's mainstay luxury hotels, the Sorrento was full of old world charm and a place I would stay again. Upon arrival, I was greeted by the valet and the front desk staff. I was thrilled to learn that my room had been upgraded to a suite on the 6th floor. The room was plenty big with nice ammenities. Staff was super friendly throughout my stay even when I had to leave for the airport at 4:00 AM. I would definitely reccommend staying at the Sorrento.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jken2000
<Content>They spoiled me rotten! I stayed at the Sorrento for 6 nights. They spoiled me rotten. I used the hotel town car at least 3 times a day. They deliver ice to your room everyday. The room was beautiful and very quiet. I travel 3 weeks per month and this has been my favorite hotel...  
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Boutique Hotel We truly enjoyed the extra touches of this boutique hotel, and the historical feel of the Sorrento. The staff was outstanding and the town car a wonderful perk. The bed was extremely comfortable. The biggest negative is the very, very small bathroom. We had a lovely stay at the Sorrento.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>appleleena
<Content>Nice hotel but not five star       CD player/wall library  
<Date>Jun 27, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>BdevilDan
<Content>In love with the Sorrento Stayed for the Memorial day weekend at the Sorrento. The hotel is beautiful on both the outside and the inside. I was courteously greeted by all the staff and the concierge staff bent over backwards to help me with any request. The complementary town car took us to the market and shopping at Nordstrom's. This service was indespensible as the hotel is a long walk from the main downtown. I was worried about noise since it is in the hospital district but I had no problems. I stayed in a one bedroom suite and it was wonderful. All the furniture was comfortable and the assortment of pillows on the bed was awesome. Complementary internet was very much appreciated and I felt the room was a true sanctuary. The bathroom shows that the hotel is an older building as it is small, but this small problem was overshadowed by the wonderful comfort and attention in the rooms and provided by the staff. I ate at the restaurant and it was a great meal!I would definately want to stay at the Sorrento again!  
<Date>Jun 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Old, Dated and Under Serviced. The building the Sorrento in is very cool. Its a neat, old historic building.Unfortunately, for the price you pay, the hotel has an overall run-down feel. The night we checked in, there was one valet and one hotel desk clerk and they struggled to handle the 3 people that happened to arrive at the same time for check in. A simple request for some extra help was met with sorry I've only got one guy working tonight. Well for the 350 buck (275 for the room +tax +parking), I want some better service.The room itself was very average. The bed was nice, but the bathroom was really poor. Tiles were dirty and very standard appointments. Overall, this should be a two star hotel that charges 125 a night. For the four star traveler, this was a horrible place and I would not stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Quiet Privacy, Elegance Wonderfully comfortable accommodations. Other hotels in Seattle on the other side of I5 and are all hustle and flow--Sorrento is not a formula hotel. Genuine warm reception from the lobby bar, front door/valet parking, concierge, and reception desk staff (much better than the Olympic or Sheraton). Even the cleaning staff will seek to assist guests. Room interior appointments were charming and very clean. Will stay there again anytime, might try Room 608, the Sleepless in Seattle room. This is the only hotel in Seattle where I slept well.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The atmosphere enchanted me My husband and I stayed here for a couple of nights during our time in Seattle. The room (a suite) we had was beautiful (dark Italian wood design) with lots of wonderful touches to make it homey - not the least of which being an absolutely luxurious bed. The service was excellent, very friendly and helpful. I can imagine that the small room sizes could be a problem for some people, but they play it off with delicate old fashioned style decor and the rooms were perfectly scaled (with the furniture chosen to fit the space). We loved our time in the lobby which had simply stunning decor. I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Staff make the stay       Puppy at Sorrento  
<Date>Aug 24, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SkiFreak
<Content>Not worth the price - stay at another high end Seattle hotel I have stayed at hundreds of hotels around the world and most of the high-end downtown Seattle hotels. Just had my first stay at the Sorrento. I will never go back though I can see it's appeal for others..Pros: Victorian look.  Friendly staff - when you can find them.  Small intimate feeling.  Great quality food at the Hunt Club. Room Service breakfast was great quality (overnight cooked steel cut oats and whole grain pancakes).Negatives: A/C couldn't get the room temperature below 80F. When we arrived, the room was over 90 F.  Cleanliness. Stuff still in the trash can in the room. A completed survey card still sitting on the desk in the room. Aged infrastructure. Toilet ran frequently during the night for minutes at a time. A/C is a window unit not central air. A/C was so noisy (chirps, rattles, etc.) it kept waking me up. I'm used to central air and not window units at high end hotels so this might not be a problem for you.  Hunt Club restaurant (was original reason to stay actually). Very disappointed that the service was not nearly on par with say the Georgian at the Olympic Four Seasons (Fairmont now). Expected better treatment, better staff knowledge of their wine list, more attentive service. The food did taste quite good though and was reasonably priced for the quality. For a $250 dinner and $300 night at the hotel, I ended up feeling like I would have rather stayed home. I only managed a few hours of sleep. I've never felt that way before following the same routine at other Seattle area high end hotels or around the world.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrible Terrible Terrible I had my wedding reception at the Sorrento. I also paid to have 10 guests stay overnight at the hotel. We received TERRIBLE service. When I called to complain to the coordinator regarding the service she never responded. I again contacted her citing my complaints...no response. I tried four times, I never received a call back. They totally ignored me after they had my money. My specific complaints: They threw away my wedding bouquet, did not have piped in music as they had promised, no alcohol was given for a toast, which we previously arranged (our best man had to go out and buy a bottle so the groom and I had something to toast with.) They had horrible decorations in the room (think jumbo disco balls on a plastic Christmas tree with fake white snow on it). Decorations that I gave to the hotel to use were never returned to me. The front desk clerk was curt and seemed like she had somewhere better to be. My family worried about my choice in having such an important event at the Sorrento because the Sorrento elevator is very tiny and slow, downtown Seattle is too far away to walk from the hotel and the inside of the hotel smells stagnant- like moth balls are dwelling somewhere. I chose to overlook these details in favor of what I thought would be intimate and romantic. I did not expect the undesirable service. I will never return.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2005
<Rating>1	1	4	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>CJThompson
<Content>Absolutely Fantastic From the time we entered the parking area we felt that Sera, Celena, Chris and Cisco had known us for a lifetime. The Town car they offer for their guests certainly solves the Taxi issue and the Driver Chris was terrific for dining and sight seeing recommendations. Upon entering we had a cigar room odor problem and without question Adam changed our room and gave us aroom upgrade for our inconvenence.We would recommend this Hotel any day any time. Super cudos to their management and support staff for making our stay very enjoyable.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not worth the price We had read some good things about this hotel, ie: their beds and sheets, plus the quaintness.We only stayed one night, but when we arrived in our room, it was SO small. It had two beds, but there was barely enough room to walk around. We were there with our two children but since it was just the one night as we passed through on our way to California, we thought we could manage.However, when we tried to turn the air conditioning on, it did not work at all, in fact not a bit of air came out and the room was very hot and stuffy. We called down to the front and she said couldn't we just open the window? I told her that I had children with me and since these windows were low, ie only 2 feet off the ground, if I kept them open, one of my children was liable to topple out! She said then, that she would send someone up to look at it and within a few minutes, someone came up and he confirmed that, yes, it was completely broken. Since it was Sunday night, he said that there were no engineering people available to fix it, so they offered to put us in a different room.We were pleased to be upgraded then into a suite, which was much larger, with a separate bedroom. Our kids both got their own bed and my husband and I planned to sleep on the fold out bed in the livingroom.However, when we finally got to bed, this fold out bed had no sheets, pillows or blankets, so we snitched some off the kids beds, but the mattress was SO uncomfortable that we finally ended up putting the sofa and chair cusions on the floor and sleeping there! The whole bed platform was slanted and the mattress was only a couple of inches thick. Really bad.As well, there was a huge wet spot on the living room carpet that the previous guest had made and so we had to be sure to wear our shoes when in the room.All in all, the room, even with the upgrade was not worth it, I would never stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>bthomas
<Content>Sadly disappointing Spotty, bad service mixed with overhyped atmosphere. Rooms were quaint, but the air conditioning was so bad that we couldn't sleep, even with it on HIGH, which was hard to acheive, considering that the knob was broken off. Our suite had the smallest shower I've ever seen and no tub. The second day, it took them until I phoned at 4 p.m. to clean our room. The fitness center is a joke. All of the staff was very friendly and completely ineffective, except the valet parking, which was the ONLY highlight. If you're just looking for a bed, fine. But for a vacation? We won't ever go back.  
<Date>May 29, 2005
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>good, but nothing special I was looking for a romantic getaway hotel in Seattle. The reviews on this site really influenced me to try the Sorrento as opposed to say the Inn at Market Place. This is a very nice property with many pluses, but my over all opinion is that it's nothing special, which is of course what you're looking for on these getaways. The Sorrento has an excellent concierge who gave very good recommendations, even when put to the test. They also have complimentary Town Car service to and from downtown destinations. This is a really nice thing. The public rooms of the hotel are top notch. The lobby lounge, for example is warm and inviting. I opted for a Junior Suite which ran around $300 a night. The room is a very small divided into a small sitting area with a tv in armoir and a bedroom that is tiny. The king size bed barely fits in the room, you have to squeeze buy it to get to the bathroom. The bedding was spectacular with super soft sheets and a large variety of pillows. The bedroom had an oversized desk that abutted the bed. The bathroom was nice with white marble and a spacious walk-in shower. Unfortunately, there's no tub in the bathroom and that's a minus for me.So here are there reasons for my average review: The room lacks any special aesthetic. The entire room is beige and boring and feels very, very cramped largely because of the poor layout. The bathroom is solid white. The room really needs the services of a good interior designer. The room temperature was impossible. They rely on small under window units that you just can鈥檛 get right. We were either freezing or boiling. There are no views whatsoever. No evening turn-down service was provided, so no evening straighten up of the room either. No coffee or breakfast service provided. Seating was uncomfortable and dated.So overall, this is a nice place, but more like a business destination than a getaway. I鈥檇 say take the $300 you鈥檇 spend here and spend it at Inn at Harbor Steps.  
<Date>May 10, 2005
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>TarheelTraveler
<Content>Excellent stay; Room may get warm/hot during warm weather   showReview(3399765, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 23, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Naples34102
<Content>Ambience and charm   showReview(3332371, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 5, 2005
<Rating>5	3	-1	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SkyeTraveler
<Content>Nearly perfect   showReview(3316371, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 31, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Our Thanksgiving in Seattle   showReview(3237104, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 28, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>alexa1
<Content>Wonderful Hotel, Wonderful Service!   showReview(3010931, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 16, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great service   showReview(2802141, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 2, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Atlanta_GALuv2travel
<Content>The Sorrento can't be beat!!   showReview(2397053, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>THE Place to Stay in Seattle!!!   showReview(2293284, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Net25
<Content>Fabulous, will definately go back, First Class   showReview(1728734, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 17, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>the nightmare before christmas   showReview(1545145, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>La mia camera al 4 piano...   showReview(11443354, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

