<Author>Suttonksa
<Content>Great experience We stayed here for 5 nights before and including New Years Eve. Could not have been better! The hotel was clean, the staff terrific and the location is the best.Walking distance to almost everything! And close to subways for the south end or north end of Manhattan. Bryant Park, across the street had a great little fair going on with ice skating, shops, and food vendors the first 3 days of our stay.The breakfasts were very good, included cereal, oatmeal, muffins, bagels, toast, eggs, sausauge, pancakes, fried potatoes, fruit, yogurt, juice, soda, coffee, tea. The breakfast area was large, clean and very comfortable. As the area got crowded, they opened new rooms to accomodate more people.Elevator waits were minimal. Yes, we waited a few times for maybe 3-4 minutes or for a second elevator, but overall not an issue.We had 2 rooms on the 29th floor, one overlooking Bryant Park and the other overlooking the Empire State Building. Both had a great king size bed, kitchen area, smallish bath, and sofa bed. My 12 yr old son did not complain out his sofa bed and neither did my 13 yr old niece in the other room.When we arrived at 1:30 PM our room was not ready, however they kept our bags and we went out to investigate the city. When we returned at 3:05 PM rooms were ready.The staff at the front desk, breakfast area and elevators could not have been friendlier or nicer. They do a fantastic job. On New Years Eve as we returned, we were asked to show our room keys to identify us as guests before going upstairs ~ a nice safety touch, I thought. All in all a fantastic place to stay!  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>krislecl
<Content>Didn't Disappoint!!       Bar/Kitchen Area  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>akooshur
<Content>Nice stay at Residence Inn Our family of seven arrived on December 30th and were warmly received by front desk staff. When they found out it was our first visit to NYC, we were given a welcome gift with goodies, drinks, wine, and tourist info. The staff always greeted us when we were coming and going. The hotel is convenient for sight-seeing in NYC especially Times Square, Broadway, Empire State Bldg, Rockefeller Plaza, Macys, etc. Subway nearby to travel to Central Park, Ground Zero, Wall Street, Little Italy, and Chinatown. We also were only two blocks away to see the Times Square ball drop New Year's Eve. Nice spread for breakfast. Coffee and tea available all the time. Rooms very clean. Kids complained that sofa sleeper uncomfortable but I haven't met one yet that is comfortable. They're young so could handle it.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Irisheyes_shine
<Content>Love, Love, LOVED it We stayed here from 28 December 2008 to 2 Janurary 2009 to celebrate my 30th birthday and having read the very postitive reviews on trip advisor before we booked I was not disappointed when we arrived!Staff were very friendly and helpful. Room was a good size, it was very clean and had a great view of the empire state building. The bed was large and extremely comfortable!Breakfast was very good and FREE - unusual in NYC! Go early though, cos it does get very busy and the elevators are a nightmare if you go any later than 9am! Location is perfect you are only a short walk from the Empire State Building, Maceys, Times Square, Bryant Park and Rockafella Centre!On 6th Avenue there are a number of eateries which are very handy! Stay away from any Irish bars/restaurants in that area tho...boy the food is woeful in those places! Suppose its our own fault for trying to stick to what we k now, but given it was New Years everywhere else was heaving with people at least 1.5 hr wait in most restaurants. We did go to the Carnegie Deli on 7th Avenue it was a bit of a hike but the sandwiches were good, although massive, Their strawberry cheesecake is to die for!Security in the hotel is good, there is a large police presence in the area and there were always a few cops in the lounge area of the hotel. Whether this was because the lounge had free tea and coffee on offer all day... I'll let you decide!!!Overall we had a great stay at the Marriott Residence Inn and would stay there again!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>happy_to_be_on_hol
<Content>first class Visited New York with my husband and daughter as their christmas gift from me, we travelled on christmas day. Arriving very late at the hotel we where met by very welcoming staff, our room 3310 had amazing views of the Empire State. the room had a King size bed with a sofa bed, (the only fault with the sofa bed which our daughter slept on it was not long enough and she had to sleep crossways on the bed, and not that comfortable) she managed as we walked most of the day and she was wrecked. well situated for most of the sites. If you want to visit the Empire State and Liberty Island make sure you are there for the ticket office opening or you could be there all day or not see at all. Sex in the City tour very good and worth the money (cheaper to book from the UK) cab fare from JFK $50 including toll (pick cab up from proper pick up point outside of airport). Roxy diner in Times Square is amazing value (did not know if i should climb it, eat it or stick a flag on it) and the Olive Garden in Times Square different but just as good. best to walk around Central Park than get the carriage as you miss so much we walked for about three hours. Visited the Dakota building off Central Park and make sure you visit Strawberry Fields in Central Park. lots of lovely friendly squirrels around the park. Walk around Little Italy and China Town and there is the lower east side which has a museum for tenement buildings but once again get there early to book a guided tour. plenty on but go very quickly. hop on hop off bus is a must around down town and uptown Manhattan and Brooklyn and we also got on the Staten Island ferry which is every 30 minutes and is free avoid going peak times as people travel to work and back on it. If you want to go to a Broadway show book at home as you have to queue for tickets and by the time you get to the front the show is sold out unless you want to pay lots of money for a show you do not really want to see. Back to the Residence Inn, check out is very good and you can leave your luggage and collect when you are ready. breakfast is very good for setting you up for the day only minus was there could have been more healthy options such as fresh fruit and water. The lift is not the quickest especially at breakfast times. All in all the stay was very good for the price and I would not hesitate staying again.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>alfiRochester_NY
<Content>We had a great time at the Residence Inn We had such a great time at the Residence Inn. The staff was very courteous. We asked for a room with a view and they immediately upgraded us to one with a view of the empire state building. The room was clean and had everything we would need in the kitchenette.We had a 15 month old with us so found the location very convenient, that we could come back to the room after having been out for a few hours and get some rest.The bed was comfortable and there was no carry over of noise from the adjacent rooms.Breakfast was excellent. We would definitely stay here if we were to visit New York again.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>sunny82Florida
<Content>Great hotel, great location. Great hotel. Staff very friendly. Concierge, Judy, very helpful. We arrived prior to check in time so there wasn't a room ready. They blocked a great room for us on the corner of the 30th floor. Fantastic view down 6th avenue. Would definitely return to this hotel for our next NYC visit!  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>napatree
<Content>Loved everything about it...... I took a quick trip with the Mr. last night,12/29. We only stayed one night. I can't say enough about the Residence Inn Marriott Times Square. Regina was at the front desk and she was outstanding. Helpful,pleasant,smiling! Howell was also at the front desk. He helped us find a nice restaurant for dinner and gave us several back up choices in case we changed out minds.Both of these people were full of information and eager to help us out. The room was spotless. The bed and linens were the best I have ever slept on,and I've been a few places! We took advantage of the free hot breakfast in the a.m. Get there early on busy weekdays and weekends. It was a bit crowded this morning,but it was over the holidays........Eggs,homefries,pastries,cereal..........yum! The location is perfect. We walked to Times Square and several other places,no sweat. We did have a bit of bad luck at the end,though no fault whatsoever of the Marriott. Our car was brought around by the Valet Staff and after loading up and trying to drive away,imagine our dismay to find our car would not start!!!!! Miday traffic,day before New Years Eve......stuck out in the road. The staff said NO problem........lets see if we can get some help for you. The valet guy brought his own car around and gave us a jump and within 15 mins. we were on our way! I just can't say enough about our stay. From begining to end,a great time. I plan on writing to Marriott the old fashion way to let them know how wondeful this place is! Oh and the price was right too!!  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>winger007tennis
<Content>Read this before you stay! First off, I just want to thank the Residence Inn for an incredible New York City stay. The hotel REALLY makes the stay; whether it be just a base or to stay for hours and hours on end. My wife and 2 daughters and I stayed here for a 3-night trip for a little getaway before XMAS. We were welcomed by such a friendly doorman that brought our luggage in and really made us look forward to what is IN the hotel's doors.The lobby is small but quaint, the service incredible and the concierge very nice.There is a lower lobby that is also a place to spend time and even nicer, a 3rd floor lobby that is not public and YOU WILL LOVE THAT!!!! Unlike the Waldorf-Astoria whic has an incredible lobby but is public and homeless can even walk in.... It is private, has a bar, has 3 free computers and 3 free printers. There is free wiFi in the rooms which is sooo convenient!!!!! The rooms are incredibly spacious, even by Hawaiin standards which know are supposed to be big rooms... By new york standards they are HUGE!!!!!! They have a full kitchen and the bathrooms are huge! There is a flat screen tv which is rotate-able and very big! great sound system! So clean and so spotless I really thought I was the first person to stay in the room, and I am SO picky!Now, for the location:-Absolutely perfect!-Not in the center of when you walk outside, you will get run over.. But so close to everything that you can walk to anything, from a broadway show or to get some hot roasted nuts on the street.-so close to the metro-there is bryant park which has a ice skating rink and little shops that are great!-SO close to any restaurant that you want to go to, whether it be Chinese food or Italian or Siberian cuisine!THERE is SO much to write about but I don't have enough time!!!! :)Now for the safety (very important to me):-SO safe location , I would let my daughters go out and go to the deli right by the hotel by themselves or even go to times square by themselves (which is sooo close as well!)-SUCH a safe hotel, there is security on guard 24/7 and you must insert your room key to get to your floor which is such a great feature unlike some hotels where you can just walk in and go to any floor and arrive at anyones door.....Extras:-Ive read some reviews about how the walls are paper thin, well I didn't hear a thing and I was only on the 9th floor. (we had two rooms- a corner room and one that was 1 room beside it)-the elvators were very fast! except one time but that was because it was rush hour but its not like it took hours, maybe 3 or 4 min that ONE time but every other time was under a min!!!!We really enjoyed this experience, and though all the shows were great and the food was immaculate, I thought the hotel MADE this trip. We looked forward to every time coming back to the hotel, even for a few minutes.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>anne0520
<Content>This place is GREAT!       NYC  
<Date>Dec 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>MysticKid
<Content>Great Stay I write a lot of reviews and there are a lot of reviews written about this hotel so I will be short and sweet.Great location as it is just out of Times Square and you get away from the noise and traffic.Great room w/ teenagers. Stayed on an upper floor and heard no noise.Clean, clean, clean.Breakfast buffet was GREAT. Lots of food, helpful people. Comfortable chairs and sitting areas, newspapers galore.Bar was small and cozy. Famour actor from Con Air was at the bar.Restaurants and shopping all w/in blocks.Bellman, parking valet and front desk were superb w/ help for directions, eateries and getting out of NYC.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>fiestycowgirl
<Content>Thanksgiving in New York, great location My partner and I (who live in England) booked this break in NYC over Thanksgiving and ended up meeting my parents for the holidays (they live in Texas.) We spent a lot of time researching the best Marriott to stay in whilst in NYC (I am a Silver Rewards member so wanted the points!) and were glad we choose this one. We arrived on Wed evening about 6pm. Thankfully, the hotel puts on a complementary light 'social' buffet on a Mon, Tues, Wed from 6pm - 7.30pm and we were grateful for a hot buffet of chicken wings, mac cheese, ceasar salad and unlimited soft drinks. It was busy but there is plenty of seating and the staff kept food/drinks topped up. The same location is used every morning for Breakfast, and they do a great hot/cold breakfast with the works (breakfast is included in all room rates.) Also 24 hours the Lounge serves hot drinks (tea in a whole variety of flavours and coffee and occassionally hot chocolate) but NO softdrinks (rather unfortunate if you travel with little ones or in the summer!) Alternatively, if we returned back to the hotel during the day for lunch with my family, we sometimes brought it in with us and would eat it in the lounge with complementary tea/coffee rather than go straight up to our room. The following day was Thanksgiving and the hotel is in a PERFECT spot if you want to view the Macy's parade. Step out the doors of the hotel, turn left and left on to 39th St and that same block it crosses Broadway. 1 minute after leaving the hotel, we were stood on the corner (got there about 745am) with a fantastic view up against the barriers. No point in walking any further up!The hotel advertises having complimentary internet access in your room, but we didnt bother bringing our laptops. They have 3 computers in the lounge for guests to use, which was fine for what we needed them for. They do have a safe in the room for valuables, but unlike some hotels, I wouldnt not be able to fit my lap top in there so was glad I didnt bring it.Our room, 3002, was really nice. The view was fantastic and was great for when we wanted a break back at the hotel. There was plenty of room for the 4 of us adults to sit comfortably and socialise or to bring back some food (there is a great deli on the corner by the hotel, I believe it was called Bryants Deli.) The sofa was great for having our guests to sit down, as well as the table/bar area in the kitchenette for eating. As a tip, if you want a softdrink during the day, take a spare back up to the room with you after you have breakfast and keep it in the fridge and buy some bottled water from the Deli. Our only complaint, as with many other reviewers, was the tiny bathroom. Yes it was small, but to be fair, it does the job. It has a tub and nice shower, but its a bathroom for one at a time and i could imagine if you were traveling with young children it would be hard work bathing them! Our only complaint was when we arrived. Although we had booked our hotel some 5 months previous, and I am a silver rewards member, none of my requests for our room was noted and I was very dissapointed. We requested a high floor room bc of noise (the hotel has 34 floors) and originally we were put on the 5th floor! We complained, and the lady at the front desk was appologetic and said we could move rooms the following day when one became available. She suggested if we had specific room requests it is worth phoning the hotel in advance to ensure they are met, which made making the request on the Marriott website extremely pointless. NOTE TO OTHER MARRIOTT REWARD users - staff at this hotel do not pay any attention to any requests you note on your web account!!!!!!!! Phone before you arrive! Another complaint is the elevators, there just are not enough for such a big hotel and often during peak times you wait ages. Advantage of being on the 30th floor was that you got in before it was full. On the lower floors, families with suitcases trying to get down to the lobby to check out or down to breakfast probably had to wait for quite a while!!! In all fairness, our original room on the 5th floor was not very noisy. Possibly because it was overlooking the side streets rather than the main road (Avenue of the Americas.) Also this room actually did have a normal sized bathroom! Our bathroom on the 30th floor was half the size, so it must depend on what 'side' of the hotel you are on and how your room is organised. Personally, the view on the 30th floor was so fantastic I didnt care too much about the small bathroom! The location for this hotel was perfect for us. You can easily walk up to Rockefeller Plaza, up 5th Avenue, or down to the Empire States Building and Macy's. If you dont mind walking, then Bloomingdales and Central Park are easy to get to as well. If you are too tired (or pregnant like I was!) you might prefer to walk up, then get a taxi back (for about $5 - 7, depending on traffic!) Because it is a couple blocks from Times Square, you dont get all the noise all night. There is a Marriott in Times Square that we walked past, but I would recommend this hotel over that one, unless you like walking through crowds everytime you leave your hotel or enjoy noise 24/7! At just 2 blocks away, the Residence Inn was much more relaxed and had local deli's, local Irish pubs to eat at in the evening (cheaper, quiet, less crazy alternative to big chains like Applebees or TGI Fridays!) and plenty of cafes/coffee shops.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Louise029
<Content>Loved this hotel This hotel is a true gem , I visited with my mum and sister in law between Nov 5 - 10 ,2008. The main purpose of our trip was shopping /girls trip . After a tiring flight from Ireland we were not disappointed. It met my expectations completely. -Loved the location, had a view of the empire state building from my room, loved the self catering facilities ( there is a great deli across the road - amazing sandwichs, salads, wine, healthy ,tasty stuff etc- very reasonable and the room has all the cutlery , glasses etc so you dont even have to go out spending huge money on dinner if you prefer to stay in with a lite bite ( as we did one of the nights after a tiring day of shopping).- Loved the breakfast - I am not into fried breakfasts , but they had fruit, hot oatmeal, etc - something for everyone basically.- I was very impressed with the service - whenever I asked for anything it was delivered to the room pronto - my dealings with staff were very courteous and helpful at all times.- Loved the fact that Macys is only a 7 minute walk ( as I love this store)- Rooms very clean, comfortable and ticked all the boxes ( they are smallish but I totally expected this as i have been to NY before.To sum up I have told all my friends and family about this hotel - we will not be even entertaining the thoughts of another hotel on future visits to NY.....as taking into account the cost , location, service etc I would just be disappointed if I went anywhere else.One thing that may not suit others is that they do not have room service, and the bar is small in the hotel - but its a residence inn and I am sure you should know that on booking anyway.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>GEOFFS3
<Content>Great Place After reading all the reviews on TripAdvisor and seeing it ranked #10 in NYC, I was really looking forward to staying here. And I believe it was right on the money.I certainly don't want to repeat everything that's been said it 400+ reviews, but I'll make a few main points:-The location is superb for business or pleasure. Just a short skip to Times Square and all the public transportation just a block away. Beautiful (esp. in summer) Bryant Park is just a block away as well.-The rooms are GREAT. Probably nicer on the luxury scale than I was expecting from a Residence Inn, albeit a bit smaller. But hey, this is NYC right? They are very comfortable, although I did hear a good bit through the walls from adjacent rooms. And I must say, the BEST blackout drapes I've EVER had. Small, but very nice bathroom.-Excellent security. Well-manned lobby and an elevator that requires a room key 100% of the time.-There are plenty of restaurants and attractions all withing short walking distance. However, there are so many other great areas and neighborhoods in the city, I would hop on the subway and explore!-I didn't give this hotel an excellent for only one reason: the staff. Although in general everyone was very nice, I dealt with a few very rude employees. Being in NYC, I would normally just write it off. However, with this being a Marriott property, I hold them to a higher standard.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	2	4	

<Author>BowTied
<Content>A Fresh, Clean, Convenient Hotel Choice in New York City Very conveniently located on 6th Avenue in Midtown. We chose this hotel because of its location relatively near Penn Station, as we arrived in NYC by AMTRAK.  The reception staff was professional and welcoming, upgrading our room without being asked. Arriving late in the evening we were given clear directions to a 24 hour delicatessen just a block away. By NYC standards the room was HUGE and immaculate,including a kitchenette which would have been useful if we had stayed more than the one night. The bathroom while not overly large, was fresh with a tub/ shower. The shower worked very well and we were impressed how clean the walls and floor were. The king bed was very comfortable, but I was somewhat concerned that our room on the fourth floor facing 6th Ave would be noisy that night. I need not have worried. The sound-proofing was amazing. We didn't hear a horn or siren and had a wonderfully restful night's sleep. The next morning we enjoyed a delicious breakfast on the hotel's third floor with fresh fruit, hot and cold cereal, muffins, outstanding coffee and much more. The breakfast was listed as a continental breakfast, but it had anything and everything a person could want. During the night our bill was slipped under our door so check-out consisted of simply handing in our room key cards and telling the desk person that we were leaving.  We have stayed in other NYC hotels, but his relatively new Residence Inn will be our choice for future trips to NYC.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>onthetrain1
<Content>wow - what a location!! What a location for a hotel - right in Times Square - just perfect for experiencing the real New York City. It was great being able to walk to many of the sites with my boyfriend and not worry about catching a taxi etc.Room was spacious and was not as noisy as one would expect - a pleasant suprise. Service was good and room service quite good value.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>k4028
<Content>Great Hotel My stay at the Residence Inn was Great!!! I am VERY picky, so if I liked it, I am sure that others will as well. The location was great, we were able to walk mostly everywhere or take the subway, which wasn't too far from the hotel. The suite was nice, king bed was comfy, full-size refrigerator and microwave was a plus!! The sofabed was not that comfy but the staff was so nice to give us an additional featherbed for the sofa. The staff was great and very helpful. The concierge was the best, taking her time to fully explain things to do and ways to get there.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>ddinsmore
<Content>Great location and great price I travel to NY a couple of times per year for business and am always on the look-out for affordable hotels within walking distance of my headquarters at Penn Station/Madison Square Garden. The room was a great space (I think the kitchen area was larger than my apartment back home), with a couch for relaxing, a countertop with bar stools, and great views of the city and Bryant Park. One caveat - if you are using the couch as a pull-out bed, you will lose most of the room's floor space. I requested a high floor, and there was no street noise. Loved the full breakfast buffet and the live music in the lounge at night. Although the trip was only for one night, I appreciated having a fridge for my water bottle and a microwave to heat up dinner. There was a corner grocery across the street with easy carry-out options, and lots of fun stores and shops along Avenue of the Americas. Definitely coming back to the Residence Inn!  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>SueFee
<Content>Good Hotel, Good Location We decided to give the Residence Inn a try because it had a refrigerator and cooking facilities. Many times, in the past, when staying at hotels, we often wished for a refrigerator to store soft drinks and yogurts. Plus we like having a cup of tea everday. The Residence Inn will only provide a hotplate if you request one--the same for a kettle and blender. While we requested a hotplate, we weren't aware that we could get a kettle. Along these lines---here's my one complaint about the place--we took out a pot to boil water for the tea and it was filthy. Someone had cooked food in it and not only did not wash it but left liquid from the food in it! However, when I called the front desk, they apologized and sent up a replacement pot. I had assumed that the maids check the utensils when someone checks out but obviously this is not the case. So if you want to use any pots and pans, be sure to check them well in advance of using them.A previous reviewer didn't like the location of this hotel. However, we had no problems with the location at all---in fact we found it to be good when accessing the subway system. About a block north of the hotel is a subway entrance where one can pick up the B, D, F and V trains. For other trains, just head one block west to Times Square where many more subway lines are accessible.At the corner of 38th and 6th Avenue there is a deli that sells drinks, snacks and some food items. However, if you want a supermarket, the closest one (we got this info from the concierge) is a D'Agostino's at 38th and 3rd Avenue.The free breakfast is adequate. Scrambled eggs, sausage patties and home fries are available if one wants hot items. For cold items, there are sliced fruits, cereal, milk, assorted pastries, and English muffins. Also, there is orange juice (somewhat watered down), apple and cranberry juice. There is also coffee and tea. As other reviewers mentioned, breakfast is at its busiest between 8:30 a.m. and 9:30 a.m. Finding a place to sit at that time can be a bit challenging. During those times the elevators and slow and crowded.I agree that the bathroom is cramped. However, there are some nice features. The shower has a rain head model in addition to a hand-held hose. Also, there is a good selection of toiletries---shampoo, conditioner, lotion and shower gel.The bed is on the soft side but not uncomfortable. The only comfortable place to sit is the couch. There are two bar-type chairs but they are not comfortable.Would we stay here again? Certainly. The price was right compared to other 3-diamond properties. The location was good and it is nice to have a fridge. The staff was helpful and very responsive when it came to any requests or problems. As a side note---if you have Marriott rewards, staying at a Residence Inn only gets you 5 points per dollar spent as opposed to other Marriott properties where it's 10 points per every dollar spent.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Ronlin
<Content>We loved this hotel The people working at this hotel seem to love their jobs, and all were friendly and helpful.They offer a free breakfast every morning. We expected a bagel and a cup of coffee, but were VERY pleasantly surprised. They had so much food, and everything I had was good. The breakfast area is beautiful and peaceful, and being there was a nice start to every day we had in NYC.The location is good, and our room was big (which we were told not to expect in NYC). We heard that their room numbers ending in 06 or 08 were larger, and our room did end in 08. That might be a question to ask when booking your room.We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>matuschek
<Content>Great kitchen, better options I stayed at the Times Square Residence Inn for three nights on a business trip in September. I found it a decent, but not particularly special, option.I grew up in Manhattan, and have returned for visits two or three times a year over the last thirty years. These are usually stays of a week or more, and I always try to find accommodations with a kitchen/kitchenette so that I'm not dependent on overpriced room service or shlepping to a restaurant three times a day. In recent years I've rotated between the Trump International (high end) and the Blakely and Lucerne suites (mid-range). None were available for my September dates, and I was able to book a corner room at the Residence Inn.The room's kitchen facilities were excellent. Full size fridge, stove, micro; full set of plates, bowls, glasses, flatware for four; pots, pans, cooking utensils down to measuring spoons! Only drawback - it took up a third of the room. Room was comfortable, but small. Bathroom extremely, uncomfortably small. Although I had a corner room with windows on two walls, it was dark because relatively low floor. Furnishings were clean but drab.Hotel and room were kept spotless. Front desk and Bell staff excellent - friendly, polite, helpful. I found the much celebrated breakfast buffet to be a wide and ample selection of school cafeteria quality offerings, but good enough to lead me to under use my great kitchen.Unless I find myself in a similar pinch, I wouldn't choose to return to the Residence Inn. Not because of deficiencies in the hotel itself but because of its location. It's in a completely commercial area of the city, thronged with workers during the day, no neighborhood life at night. I strongly recommend that all visitors to New York opt, on at least one trip, for accommodations above 57th Street or below 34th, East or West side, for a taste of what New York life is really like. The additional travel time to the tourist sites is negligible, and you'll enjoy and experience a whole other side of the city.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TheCanadiansMontreal
<Content>Great hotel in a great location We had a great stay for four days from Sep 28 to Oct 2. This was our 25 year anniversary outing so we decided to see New York with another couple. We booked two rooms with king beds on the 17th floor. We found the location to be almost perfect. It wasn't too close to Times Square but within walking distance of almost everything plus only one block from the underground. The service was great, the breakfast was good for a buffet and the rooms were well maintained.We were concerned about a couple of the negative issues in some of the other comments of too long a wait for an elevator and crowded breakfast rooms but we didn't experience this. However I don't think the hotel was all that full while we were there.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>RebelTraveler07
<Content>Why Stay Anywhere Else? Just got back from a great stay at the Residence Inn! Truly our BEST EVER hotel experience in NYC!Arrived at 6am--to a surprisingly early check in! Great complimentary breakfasts, thick towels, nice toiletries, fabulous bed, great kitchen, and nice furnishings.The staff: Oh so welcoming and cordial! Especially was impressed by hard working concierge, Judy! The restaurant staff, desk staff, and housekeeping excelled at customer service!They were even nice enough to extend our check-out time by one hour! The Residence Inn is OUTSTANDING!  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>L0nd0n_Traveller25
<Content>What a great hotel! I loved this hotel. It is in a great central location and the staff were brilliant and so helpful. I really enjoyed my stay. The breakfast which was included was really nice so it's definately an added bonus, I really like the fact you could take coffee away too. I would really recommend this hotel to everyone and would definately stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>scubacat_8
<Content>Has some issues This hotel was in a great location, an easy walk to midtown. They take dogs which is why we stayed there. The rooms were small, which is typical for NY, though it was frustrating that there was a full kitchen, and almost no room to turn around in the bathroom. The breakfast buffet was excellent, but did get crowded on the weekends. The pull out bed for our son was a disaster, horribly uncomfortable and old. He is little, but you may want to think twice about using this for kids. Some concerns were with the lack of automatic doors - one tries to get a stroller and baggage carts through a revolving door. There are no bell-boys, so forget about help there. Lastly the valet parking was $50 a day, which we understood, but it was also $50 whenever you took the car out, even if it was only a few hours after you parked it. You need to think that it is $50 every time you park, OR 24 hours. There's no on-street parking, so you would have to look at other garages.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>mpugs
<Content>Not as great as everyone says Ok, there are a few things that I think need to be clarified about this hotel. First, despite the name, it is NOT located in Times Square. It is actually about 4 blocks away. If you want to be in the midst of Times Square (which can be a bad thing due to the 24hr noise) this is not your hotel. Second, if you are a fan of the larger rooms that the Residence Inn offers, you will be disappointed as we were. It was cramped and crowded -- especially with the kitchen that takes up valuable space. The room was clean and the bed was comfortable, but my kids were stuck on a couch bed that was terrible. This room was not a 4-person room as advertised. Breakfast was great, the staff was pretty nice -- even when they told us that they were overbooked and sent us to another hotel for the night. They did give us a free room, but it was a huge hassle to come back the next night.I paid a lot for this room, and it was not great. Next time i will go to the Marquis.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GypsyWife
<Content>Welcome Respite       sofa bed  
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>MissMyDog
<Content>AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME!!!!! I checked the rates almost daily and finally found a deal. Got it for $199 per night, king suite. Got there at 9am and checked bags (tipped $1 per bag later). We were able to hit the city for sightseeing. Checked back at noon, no rooms available. Came back at 330 and our room was still not ready (check in is 4pm) the desk clerk upgraded us to a king suite with a corner view. Had an awesome view of 5th Ave and the Empire State Bldg. Was awesome at night. We were on the 14th floor. The room was great. The maid did not replenish the coffee/toiletries. Was not a big deal to us though. The hotel had an awesome free breakfast. A bit crowded and there was a wait for the elevator at breakfast times. The hotel was in a great location. Couldn't be any better. It was one block from a subway stop. Five blocks from the Empire State Bldg. It was about five blocks to the heart of Times Square also. Great Chinese restaurant next door. Pax for salads a block away also Mc Donalds. Several local markets were available to buy beer and soda to keep in our fridge. The hotel also sold beer and wine in the lobby. I usually have compaints about hotels but I was kind of at a loss here. I just loved this hotel and the location could not have been better. We flew into Laguardia. It was about $38 plus tip on the way from the airport to the hotel at 8am. And the way back was about $34 plus tip. Cabs were readily available in front of the hotel. All the hotel staff were friendly and readily gave directions or restaurant recommendations. One recommended Ray's Pizza to deliver to the hotel and it was excellent. If I could give it a better than excellent rating I would! Loved it! Would go back and stay there in a heartbeat. And go see Wicked! It was awesome!  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SandSunandSea
<Content>Great Location and Good Value       Lounge and Breakfast Area  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>sctraveler45
<Content>A great hotel choice in NYC You will have a very hard time finding a better hotel choice in NYC than this hotel. I've stayed here the last two times I've visited the city and will likely stay here next time as well. There are a lot of advantages, but location and service have to be near the top of the list. This property is centrally located within easy walking distance to the Times Square area and to Grand Central Station. As far as the service is concerned, the staff does a great job of inquiring about your needs and doing their best to meet them. Both times I've stayed here, I've needed an early check-in and it has been accomplished with little effort. They are also great about holding your bags for you until your room is available. As with all Residence Inns, room rates also include a hot breakfast. The quality of the breakfast here is one of the best I've experienced at a Residence Inn and is far superior to the continental-style breakfasts included with many hotel rooms. The one disadvantage to breakfast is the fact that it does tend to get very busy later in the morning, both in the breakfast area and with the elevators. So, I would highly recommend that you eat breakfast in the 8-9 a.m. time frame. Additionally, the higher your floor, the better off you are going to be. Not only do some of the higher rooms have great views of the Empire State Building, when riding down the elevators during really busy times it is a definite advantage being on the upper floors. This allows you to get on the elevators before they fill up during the travel down.Finally, in my opinion, rates at this hotel are very competitive. While not cheap (what decent hotel in NYC is??), the rooms do provide a great value. The suites are significantly larger than most NYC hotel rooms and include a full-size fridge which comes in quite handy. All in all, I would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Boogief
<Content>Marriot as usual performs. We had a great stay. The location and price is right. the hotel is an easy walk to times square with a subway station just down the road. It was $42 for a towncar from Laguardia, and 45 flat fee by cab to JFK. The breakfast is good and Free. The room had king size bed and sleeper sofa. I slept on the sofa and it was suprisingly comfortable. We were on the 19th floor this was high enough to see over the other building, and to dampen the noise from the street. The only negative was the elevator wait time. At peak times you can wait for a few mins before one stops.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>MATraveler3
<Content>Great location and good value, but with wrinkles Family of three with pre-schooler stayed two nights at this clean, adequately sized, and modernly decorated chain for a rate of $279 per night (a great rate by Manhattan standards). Location was three blocks from Times Square, six blocks from Grand Central station, and very close to public transportation to access Battery Park and Central Park. Many problems, some of which may be unique to our experience:1) Pre-request for early check-in not accommodated. We tried to check-in at 2 pm (regular check-in is at 4 pm), but no rooms were ready. The hotel held our luggage and gave us claim checks while we caught a Circle Line cruise and dinner.2) Pre-request for low level room not accommodated. At 2 pm, were assured of a room on the 4th floor, but upon check-in at 10 pm, we were told that the lowest floor available was the 17th.3) Air-conditioner possibly on the fritz. Our room was stuffy and warm upon arrival. While the thermometer was set for 60F, the room did not seem to get below 70F. Concierge said that the A/C may operate with a motion sensor. Unfortunately, this meant that it was not functioning while we were out during the day or even worse, while we were horizontal at night. Perhaps we should have taken turns doing jumping jacks so that we could have a comfortable room temperature for sleeping.4) Check-in took 10 minutes on a late Saturday night. After what seemed like a long wait for a tired family, we were given a queen room. Only after presenting a written confirmation from the hotel website did we receive our originally reserved king room. The concierge apologized for the misunderstanding.5) Elevetors were very slow. Although there are four elevators, it seemed that only one or two worked at any given time. We read about this problem in previously written reviews, which is why we requested a low level room--so that we could walk down to the 3rd floor for the breakfast buffet or to check-out on the 1st floor.6) Hot breakfast buffet included in nightly rate offered a variety of good hot and cold choices and was adequately stocked. However, the lines were long when we went at 9 am. (Buffet is served until 10 am on weekends and until 9:30 am on weekdays.) The lines could be alleviated by a better set-up of the food since space is not an issue. Toast and bagel area at the end of the hot choices caused a terrible bottleneck.7) Looks newly decorated, but bathroom lock was broken, some broken wall times, peeling wallpaper, and stained couch.8) Pets are allowed in hotel. Guest next door had a small yapper from about 8 pm until we fell asleep. Upon contacting the concierge, we were told nothing could be done, except to contact the guests to calm their dog.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	4	2	2	-1	

<Author>MaxBarl
<Content>Above the average The room is a nice self-contained apartment. The kitchen is ok, but beware there is only a hot plate and not burners for cooking. The breakfast was fair. The food is always the same all the days me and my family stayed there. The quality of the food is low-fair. The service is rather nice at any time of the days. Internet connection is wifi and ok (very fast). The problem with the elevator is limited (1 to 2 minutes waiting time for me). The location is fantastic. The hotel is in the middle of everything. Cleaniness of the room and bath is ok! nothing excellent, just ok!The rate we payed was rather fair: 250 dollars for a corner suite at a rather high floor (15 th). Upper should supposed to be better, but the hotel was almost sold out the days we stayed there. The hall can be defintely improved. It is small and rather simple. However, improvement and renovation works were in progress when we stayed there.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	3	3	4	4	

<Author>CapeCodChris
<Content>Beautiful hotel I believe this hotel was just renovated before I stayed here with a friend and it was very nice. The only difficult part of the trip was when we were checking in. The room had been booked for a couple of weeks and we were using Marriott Reward Points and we had more than enough to cover our weekend stay. Although the clerk can see we had the points, for some reason they still had not arrived in their computer and we had no credit cards with us so we had to put down $400.00 in cash as a deposit until the points arrived. That was a big chunk of our spending money so we were a bit annoyed.The room itself was very nice and comfortable. We had a beautiful view of the city. It was very spacious as well. The hotel had a great restaurant and I wish I could remember the name. It had pretty waterfalls coming down and very modern looking. The food was yummy (I had sushi) and the martinis were excellent. Even the elevators were nice!This hotel is within walking distance of so many attractions, restaurants, pub and most importantly Times Square! I would def stay here again!  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	2	3	-1	

<Author>Rob CC
<Content>Great Hotel in a Good Location! Stayed at this hotel with a couple buddies for a guys weekend and it was great. The rooms were very well kept and everything was clean. The rooms had a kitchen area, with utensils/plates, a fridge, a microwave, etc. so I guess it would be perfect for a family trying to save some money.The place had free breakfast in the morning, but it was VERY crowded. I wouldn't recommend it, unless you get there early.Location was great. Just three blocks from 42nd Street and an easy walk to Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden, Grand Central Station, Times Square, Bryant Park, Rockefeller Center and more. We took a cab to the village one night and it was less than $10.The only thing keeping it from a 5-rating is that they DO NOT allow rollaway beds. They had told my friend they did and when we got there, the place said it was a fire hazard. We stayed in a room with a king bed and a pullout couch, so it was okay, but that is the one warning. Otherwise, I would recommend.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>happyWindsor
<Content>great spot This is a great place to base your NY visit. The rooms are very clean and spacious. We had a king and a pull-out couch for the three of us. Got in in the morning, stored our bags and off we went. It's only a block away from Bryant park, a few blocks to Times Square, the theatre district, Empire State building, Grand Central, you name it. I found it very quiet, 18th floor. We didn't really notice the traffic noise and didn't hear much hotel noise. We did, however, have the air conditioning fan on all the time for buffer. The free breakfast in the morning is awesome: Hot things like eggs, sausages, waffles, French toast, cereal, fruit, bagels, juice, coffee, you name it. Lots of space to sit and eat your breakfast. On the weekend they provided plastic cutlery and plates, so that you could take your breakfast up to your room. I would highly recommend this to everyone. My daughter is 16, but we saw a lot of people there with little kids.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Pookie
<Content>Great Customer Service This hotel is in a great location, the customer service was top notch.If you need something just call the front desk and they will be to your room within 10 minutes. Very nice touch the way that the bellmen welcomes you back each time. Good fitness room. Beds are great!  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Mamasue1
<Content>Location, Location, Location Wow - what a great experience we had! Residence Inn at Times Square was the perfect location - we could walk everywhere we wanted to go except Chinatown/Soho and the Waterfront. We were glad to be a few blocks away from theTimes Square chaos, and our rooms were very quiet, with a fantastic view of the Empire State Building! Our hotel offered a great breakfast every morning, and we were impressed by how spacious and comfortable the dining/public rooms were. During our five-night stay our concierge was a real font of information - we relied on him for all our dinner recommendations and reservations - made finding a great place to eat an easy adventure. The staff was extremely friendly and welcoming, and the rooms were very clean and comfortable - it was obvious the property was quite new and very well run. One of our most memorable ventures was going to the Top of the Rock our first night there - what a view and no line! And don't miss the Carnegie Deli (north of Times Square) for a great experience - not only the best, funniest, most welcoming waitstaff and star-studded clientele, but the BIGGEST reuben sandwiches we've ever tasted! One tip - the hotel does not offer any in-house transport, but Yellow Cab is limited to a $45 max. fare to anywhere in Manhattan, including JFK. Trips to Laguardia are not under any regulation, but our fare only added up to $25 (including tip), so we definitely recommend flying into LGA over JFK if you're staying at the Residence Inn at Times Square. DON'T use any limo services - we made that mistake when we arrived and ended up getting charged $80 (plus tip) for our transport to the hotel. Stick with the Yellow Cabs! Thanks Residence Inn for a great base for our adventure - we'll be back!  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>alaskan_itchy-feet
<Content>Big Room, Great Breakfast, So-So Location I stayed here for an entire week while working at the Javits Center. I'd recommend this hotel for travelers who are sightseeing, since it is close to Times Square, subways and all other midtown Manhattan attractions.Reasonably-priced, plus breakfast was generous, with both hearty and healthy fare, and this can be a money-saver if you're traveling with a group or family. Nice, newer hotel with big, quiet rooms--I recommend a corner room, high floor for best view of city. The location was great for walking to work, but not for small restaurants where I could have a nice dinner, which meant walking several blocks at night. There's good security in lobby, though---important because the area of the city below and west of this hotel seemed especially dark and felt like it closed at night. I prefer a residential-feeling neighborhood, but might stay here again with Marriott points.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	3	3	5	

<Author>Madrid_viajero77
<Content>Marvellous beds For a first time visit to NY we chose the Residence Inn on account that all other hotel rooms in Midtown and the Chelsea areas looked very small.The Residence Inn did not let us down, very big rooms, good size bathrooms, very comfy bed, with good quality pillows.Close to the MOMA, 5th Avenue, Rockefeller Center and just a $10 taxi ride down to Greenwich village.Good selection at breakfast except for fresh fruit, maybe it had all been taken earlier!!The only downside was the air conditioning in the lobby and breakfast areas. Far too high, but unfortunately most of NY buildings tends to freeze with air conditioning when the summer arrives.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>michiruo
<Content>comfortable and great location Stayed there for 4 nights. I think the room rate of US$200 which includes breakfast, is reasonable during 4th July weekend since it went up to US$280 the week after. Not every hotel provides breakfast. Heard that breakfast is only provided during summer and even dinner buffet from mon to thurs even though we did not try it. Comfortable bed and clean room with a sofa bed that could accommodate up to a family of 4. Housekeeping is done everyday. There is a fridge and microwave oven but we never used it since we are out everyday. Great location as well, near the subway, times sq, empire state, rockefella centre, restaurants and shopping area 5th ave.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>winnie88
<Content>Great location The best thing about the hotel is its location. It's a block from the subway and just a few blocks from Times Square and also close to the NY Library, the department stores on 5th Ave, Rockefeller, etc. Everything is within walking distance which is great as NY is a great city to explore on foot.Most of the staff at the hotel are friendly, but there aren't enough of them as it isn't a full-service hotel so, eg. at night when you need housekeeping you have to go to the lobby yourself as there is no one to send up.The free internet in your room is great as is the breakfast buffet.The rooms are average, and the bathrooms a bit dated. Having your own kitchen is nice for long stays. The only major negative is the price. For the price we paid we could have stayed in a 5* hotel in almost any other city.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	5	2	5	3	5	

<Author>Choppers70
<Content>Just adding another 5 stars The only issue was trying to use the elevator between 8:30  10 when everyone is either going to breakfast, checking out or just leaving for the day. They left voice mails warning people about the potential delay which I thought was very nice. We stopped at another hotel where friends were staying and there was an actual line for the elevators so in the bigger picture, it wasn't that bad.The included breakfast buffet was more than I expected...eggs, sausage, hash browns and hot oatmeal on top of what you'd normally find on a free buffet. Coffee available 24/7.HUGE room for NYC! So worth the extra money if you're staying longer than one night and with more than one person in the room. The kitchenette had actual glasses, silverwear, etc which the cleaning staff washed every day. There's even an ice maker in the fridge. Cuts down costs when you can have a few cocktails in the room. :) 1 block from the 42nd st subway entrance, easily walkable from the Liberty Express drop off point at Bryant Park. Another winner from Marriott.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Mary9LongIsland
<Content>Great Hotel! I booked this hotel for a Friday night stay, $199/night special through Marriott's website, including breakfast. All of the reveiws were right on. It is an excellent hotel, beautiful, clean, staff was very accommodating and couldn't be more helpful. It is very wise to request a 20+ floor just for the sake of the elevators. There are 3, but they are a bit small. We were on the 24th floor, by the time the elevator stopped in the teens, it was full. Breakfast was very well stocked with the best selection I've seen at a buffett in a long time, many hot selections, not just the typical bagels, waffles, and danish. The area is fine and safe. It's a 10 block walk to the theater district, but if you walk down 6th to the 40's it is well lit and very populated. I'll definitely be going back!  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kcarrow
<Content>One of NYC's Best My family (which includes 2 older teenagers) stayed at the Residence Inn in mid July. The hotel appears to be relatively new compared to many of the others I have stayed at in Manhattan. The front desk manager (Melissa Cantone), was very accomodating to our room request which made for a great stay. The breakfast buffet had everything you could want and allowed us to get an earlier start to our activities each morning. By the way, the coffee is great! The hotel is relatively close to Times Square so you can walk it. (more on that in a moment). We had the complimentary dinner buffet at the hotel just one night (hotdogs, chicken strips) and it was average (saved us some money on dinner one night!)The concierge booked our Empire State Building tickets which saved us 20 - 30 minutes in line.People have complained about the elevator during breakfast hours and it was not too much of a problem for us since we were on a high floor. We were always the first ones on it and it opened up on most every floor beneath us (completely full) so there were some unhappy people on the lower floors. The breakfast buffet is on the third floor. Get a high room so you will not find a full elevator when it opens up on your floor!Ok, not everything is perfect so here are my only criticisms/comments. The elevators as mentioned above. Secondly, when walking from Times Square back to the hotel at night (11pm), the walk (East) from Broadway to 6th Avenue and anything south of 42nd street does not have the crowds of people so it can be a little intimidating. We did not have a problem, but just be observant of your surroundings when walking especially if you are alone. We also found that we had to walk 5 blocks to 34th and 6th Ave to get on the subway for most tourist things we had planned. I wished the main subway lines were closer. Finally, it would be nice to have a room with 2 beds instead of a bed and sleeper sofa. Most rooms only have the bed  sleeper sofa set up. My son got the sleeper sofa but did not complain.Overall, this is a very nice hotel and we would definitely stay there again. The breakfast is a nice bonus and saved both time and money. Get a room with a view of the Empire State Building. I could have charged admission to my room as the view was that fantastic. We don't normally preplan and prepay our activities well in advance, however it is a must in NYC or you will be disappointed. Prebuy all Broadway Show tickets (especially if you want the top shows), prepay the Statue of Liberty Tour, Make all your dinner reservations well in advance, Conan and Letterman tickets well in advance, and ride the Subway to get around! The subway is $2 per ride and is much faster than the cabs during peak hours (and much cheaper). Yes, you will see the occasional begger but if you ignore them, they will go on their way. I would highly recommend the restaurant Serediptiy 3 for its good food and phenomenal Frrrozen Hot Chocolates! Yummy!! If you want the best New York Cheesecake in town, go to Juniors bakery near 45th and BroadwayOur activities:Wicked, Jersey Boys, Chicago, Statue of Liberty/Ellis Island Tour, NBC Studios Tour, Conan O'Brien, David Letterman, Today Show, Central Park, Yankee Stadium, Ground Zero, Wall Street, SOHO, Little Italy, Shopping on Canal street for hand bags and jewelry, Empire State Building Tour, Restaurants:Time Square: Olive Garden, Trattoria Tricolori, Planet Hollywood, Hard Rock, Junior's Bakery, Figgilini's Pizza. Yes, I know we picked mostly the touristy places but that is due to the insistance of my tennagers!Near Times Square: Serendipity 3If you have any questions about the hotel, guidance on activities, or just general questions, feel free to email me. Enjoy your trip to NYC!!!  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>govtraveller
<Content>housekeeping was great Stayed here in June 2008 for a long weekend. Loved the location and the free hot buffet breakfast - convenient to the metro and walking distance to many locations. Everything was clean and well kept and the housekeeping was outstanding.I was on a lower floor so only had a view of the building across the street, but was hardly in the room anyway. Also had one of the most comfortable mattresses I've had in a long time.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Sharonb423
<Content>Excellent service, better than 4 star Staying for one night in the city, I chose this hotel based on price since it was a quick girls trip with my daughter. Walking distance to Times Square, shopping and diagnonal from Bryant Park, the location was good but the immediate surrounding buildings and retailers are a bit sketchy. We typically stay in 4 star hotels in NY and have stayed at the Pierre (terrible service), the W, Hyatt, Omni, etc. Out of ALL of these the Residence Inn had THE BEST SERVICE hands down. I was impressed with everyone from the front desk staff (had a cough during registration and she offered and brought a water) to the gentleman greeting us at breakfast to any employee you passed in the hall (several asked if we were having a great day or how our trip to the city has been).We lean towards the Marriott chain when traveling and I can't say enough how much the staff at this particular hotel stood out, better than any other hotel in NY and better than most hotels I have stayed at nationwide. Room was clean, good sized and comfortable. Breakfast was crowded but typical buffet style, didn't have time to check out any other amenities but would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	5	2	

<Author>MiamiBeachFrank
<Content>Great value in NYC My partner and I have stayed in many hotels in New York ranging from 3 to 5 stars. We would rank the Residence Inn Times Square as probably the one that offered us the best value given its cost.First, it is in a great location....one can walk down to Chelsea or the Village in 15-20 minutes; likewise the Upper Central Park area would be a similar walk in the opposite direction. We loved its perfect location for Broadway shows as that was our major focus on this trip.Second, the hotel offers all suite (more accurately, junior suite) accommodations that are the utmost in comfort...they are centainly more spacious and have more amenities (microwave, refrigerator, a bar set-up) than nearly any regular room at 5 star hotels in NYC. Granted, the lobby in this hotel is most modest, but that is a minor issue given everything else this hotel offers.Third, the hotel offers an amazing complimentary breakfast (eggs, sausage, bacon, muffins, pastries, waffles, coffee, various juices....). They even offer complimentary hot dogs and, fried chicken on Mon., Tues., and Wed. evenings!Fourth, the service from the staff was excellent. Everyone was efficient, helpful and cheerful.Finally, the hotel is not in a renovated, older NYC building, but in a new building...with the obvious benefits that offers. And it seems many, if not most, of the rooms offer a view of the Empire State Building.Simply stated, if one is looking for an excellent place to stay in New York without breaking the bank, stay at the Residence Inn Times Sqare.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>TNSTPZ
<Content>Much better than expected Excellent location, close to Times Sq/Broadway, Grand Central, and very convenient to the subway. Room was great, very comfy, modernized with flat screen TV  stainless steel appliances in kitchen although bathroom vanity was small. Sofa couch was used as a bed but it was just a wimpy coil mattress. Did not happen to get room with a good view. Buffet breakfast was the best with lots of choices.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>moo_bear
<Content>Absolutely perfect! The Residence Inn, Times Square, was excellently located and perfect for our first trip to NYC. The room was comfortable, spotlessly clean and spacious (we had a corner studio suite). Our son found the sofa bed comfortable enough (we were a little worried, having read some not so favourable reviews on here). All the staff were friendly and helpful. The breakfast was good and plentiful and the evening light meals were useful for a quick bite to eat. We had no problems with the elevators - never had to wait longer than a couple of minutes. We don't have anything negative to say and will certainly stay here again should we return to New York.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jduch1422
<Content>Location, Location, Location Location cannot be beat. Steps from the subway and an easy walk to Empire State Building, tons of shopping, Broadway shows. The hotel was very nice and comfortable, breakfast was awesome. Couldn't wait to go to NYC for bagels every a.m. but couldn't drag ourselves from the buffet! Fabulous view of the Empire State Bldg. Laundry facilities too. Great for families. Front desk personnel great too. Can't imagine staying anywhere else!  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	3	3	

<Author>lowfugee
<Content>Awesome Location Stayed in midtown many times and will have to say that this was the best stay ever. The location cannot be beat. About 2 blocks to Times Square with plenty of restaurants, drugstores (for buying snacks and water) within a block. There is a subway station one (very short) block away. The room was spacious, quiet and we had no problems whatsoever. There is even a safe in the room! The hot breakfast was not spectacular, but was filling and just right to get you going on your day in NYC.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>5	3	3	5	4	5	-1	4	

<Author>TravelingGardener
<Content>Best bet for New York My husband and I have stayed at this property 3 times for long weekends (3 or 4 days) to a week. We have consistently received top service from every employee there whether it's the front desk personnel, the housekeeping staff, the breakfast employees and the security personnel. Every single employee is courteous and helpful. We arrived early after a red eye flight and were checked in immediately. Our room wasn't ready; however, they invited us to have breakfast upstairs and came to find us to personally deliver our room key before we were half way finished with our meal. The rooms are large and new - something unusual for New York. Beds are comfortable, rooms are spacious. It's wonderful to have room to stretch out! The bathrooms are small; however, they are clean and have everything you would want in the way of toiletries. We loved having the kitchen faclities even though we had breakfast every morning on the 3rd floor - a wonderful savings of time and cash in New York. The location is excellent - close to 5th avenue shopping - walking distance to the theatre district and Times Square. We have already made reservations to return next May. We wouldn't think of going anywhere else!  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>LBLiz
<Content>Great hotel I have stayed at this hotel multiple times for business. It is in a great location, has great guestrooms and a great breakfast buffet. The night bellman is fantastic and remembers guests from previous years.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>nytravler2008
<Content>Awesome Hotel       Empire State view from my room  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ttmb
<Content>Understand all the rave My husband and I travel to NYC 3 to 4 times a year, but this was our first stay at the Residence Inn. This place had everything and more that we could need. The hotel is very clean and updated. I always felt secure and safe. The kitchen was so convenient and the bed was the most comfortable one I have been in among all of my NYC stays. The breakfast was fine, if you like carbohydrates. Two blocks to subway stop, close to Times Square, but not close enough to be bothered with all of the foot traffic. Will never stay anywhere else in NY again!!!!  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LisaJD
<Content>Highly recommended Having read good reviews on Trip Advisor we had high expectations of this hotel and were not dissapointed.The location is excellent. Two blocks south of Times Square and a similar distance north of the Empire State Building. The situation close to Bryant Park makes it an attractive spot and subway stations are within a short walk.Staff were all very pleasant from the front desk to the maintenance men we bumped into in the lift. Clearly all trained to say hi and ask how you are. Made us feel very welcome.The room was very good - spacious and well equipped. The furnishings looked new and it was scrupulously clean (and I'm a clean-freak).Complementary breakfast wasn't thrilling but there was plenty of it and plenty of variety.I'm sure we'll come back to this city some day and I would definately opt to stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>StephenWard
<Content>Super hotel - Great location This hotel is in a superb location, great suite, good staff, good buffet breakfast. Above average all rounder. Would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>etmom
<Content>Wonderful experience This was a perfect hotel for a group of New York City newbies. Within walking distance to Rockafeller Center, Times Square and the Empire State Building. Also was very close to Grand Central Station making it easy to get anywhere else in the city.The front desk staff was always friendly and responsive to our requests, at every hour of the day or night. Our housekeeper was very thorough. The breakfast buffet was good, but had a somewhat limited selection. Our only complaint: We found the pull out couch bed to be pretty uncomfortable and ended up sleeping on the couch itself, not the pull out bed . We had read other reviews that commented on long delays waiting for elevators. We did not have any problems at all.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>easthelen
<Content>Gem in Times Square I have just returned from a 5 day trip with two children aged 12 and 8. The hotel is in an excellent location, the rooms are spacious and very comfortable, plus points for the complimentary breakfast buffet, there is so much choice, all staff were very friendly and gave a good service, the concierge was a great help too. We would definitely stay again.  
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Lu_Aquino
<Content>Quiet, well-located and big rooms Big rooms (considering the NY average), clean, quiet and near all that matters in Midtown.  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	4	4	

<Author>Costadellappers
<Content>Fantastic Booked in for a 4 night stay from the 22 nd of May with my wife. We booked a city view suite and were located on the 26th floor. Room was fantastic, clean, plenty of space, a well equiped kitchen(not that we used it) and one of the comfiest beds we had ever slept in. The included breakfast was great with plenty of choice and the attentive and friendly staff ensured everything was kept well stocked.The location of the hotel, means that you are within walking distance of most things. 5th avenue and the shopping is only 5mins, with Broadway a similar stroll in the other direction. Taxi's are always available outside, but it's more fun and better value to purchase a Metro card for unlimited use of the subway and the buses(7.50 usd per day). Fantastic value and great service. We will return and would recommend this hotel anyone travelling to the Big Apple.  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Greataunt
<Content>Great choice in Midtown We stayed on a Sunday night and really enjoyed this Residence Inn. The location is excellent and the hotel seems quite new with a large, very well furnished room. Our bed was extraordinarily comfortable and the flat screen TV was great. The bathroom was tiny but it is NYC so that's to be expected.They allowed us to check in at 1 PM and were very efficient. We tried to speak with a Concierge about restaurants but the desk was unstaffed. The front desk person was friendly but uninformed. We got a $189 rate at the Marriott site just a few days before our stay. At that price, it was a steal!  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>TOfamily269
<Content>Great choice Must agree with other Reviews.Stayed recently with my wife and 8 year son,for a long weekend.Couldn't have asked for a better experience .Breakfast was much better than expected,with a lot of choice.Very central location.Will be at the top of the list for our next visit.  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>ElleSheri
<Content>Homely Manhattan Feel I had 2 days to spend in NY and since I had no time to spend commuting, I had to choose a location that would be accessible to all the major NY hotspots..This hotel is just perfect!! It is so conveniently located and when I was there (Christmas) I just felt so at home ... as typical of all Residence Inn brands, there is a kitchennette and the whole place feels like a luxurious Manhattan studio rather than hotel.. It was simply wonderful.The staff were lovely and the atmosphere is similiar to that of a closely knit family.. the vibes are just wonderful.. totally recommended!!  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>vkmk
<Content>Enjoyable Stay       Street view of Bike Race  
<Date>May 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jeannequi
<Content>Great place to stay in NYC My husband  I spent a Friday  Saturday night at this hotel in April 2008. Great place for all! Very large room, by NYC standards, and great location. Also, very clean and lots of towels. Kitchen had full refridgerator, sink  microwave. I think there was a coffee pot but we did not use the kitchen - we were in NYC after all!! Just 2 blocks from the noise  congestion of Times Square. Subway station 1 block away. Extensive buffet breakfast included - great for a family. There were lots of families there and I would stay there again with my children. There was a lounge area that we did not use.  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>SheenaNetherlands
<Content>Excellent Hotel - lived up to all expectations Just back from a stay at the Residence Inn, Times Square. Decided to book this after reading reviews on TripAdvisor and also because of the excellent rate we received. Hotel is in an ideal location, only 5 mins walk from Times Sq, 10 mins to Rockefeller Center, etc.Hotel exceeded all expectations. The rooms were large with the kitchenette facilities (especially the fridge) an ideal bonus. They were spotlessly clean and very well soundproofed. We were on the 19th floor and could hear only the occasional noise of street traffic.Despite various messages telling us how busy the elevators were during the weekend we never encountered any problems.Complimentary breakfast was excellent (great choice of healthy and not so healthy items, both hot and cold), especially on week mornings when there seemed to be a much greater choice than at the weekend.Only disappointment was that the complimentary social hour seems to now only be on Mon-Wed, despite it still saying on the website that it is also on a Thursday.Apart from that, would definitely recommend this hotel and will hopefully stay there again on next trip to NYC.  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>KjellB-Oslo
<Content>Great hotel, excellent location, big rooms and good breakfast We stayed at this hotel for three nights and had a great experience. The room - or rather the suite - was pretty big compared to other hotels in NYC, with its own full size kitchen. We only used the coffee machine, though, and that worked perfectly. Very comfortable bed, nice flat screen tv and free Internet. We also enjoyed the free breakfast with a good variety of different foods - actually we don't really understand why each room has a kitchen as long as the breakfast is so good.  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>madventure
<Content>Lived up to all the Rave Reviews! My mom and I stayed there last week. It is in a great location. Just a few blocks from Time Square and the Empire State building. Only one block from Bryant Park if you are looking for a place to rest your feet this is peaceful in the fast paced city and great for people watching during the day. The staff was so friendly the room was impecably clean. The only reason I did not give an Excellent rating is the pull out bed is very uncomfortable. It might be ok for little kids but we adults need cushion. It felt like sleeping directly on the springs. Fortunately we had a king bed and shared. If you book King or two Queen beds make sure when you check in if you prefer two queens you speak up. I stay at Marriotts for business and this breakfast was top notch compared to all others. If they could lower the price by maybe $50 they would never have an empty room. I will stay their again!!  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>1K
<Content>Great Hotel Just a great hotel. Perfect location and I found it to be the best value of any hotel that weekend in NY. We were four people and they gave us a larger room with a really comfortable king bed and pull out sofa. ($359 ++) Plenty of towels and bedding and immaculately clean. There was a great kitchenette and large bathroom. best of all of the free breakfast - each morning there was an excellent buffet - very casual in a cosy library type of room on the 3rd floor.The staff were all really helpful - we were given a late check out and they guarded our luggage whilst we squeezed in that final few hours of shopping but you can relax on the 3rd floor whilst waiting for evening flights if you'd prefer.Free wireless internet thoughout the hotel and a great rewards system.Excellent all round!A tip for theatre goers - normally I've queued at tkts in Times Square for same day tickets but they are often poor seats and still expensive..this time I used broadwaybox.com - all the discount codes are there for the shows and you can go wuth the codes to the box office and choose your seats. We were five rows from the front at Phantom at the Majestic for $66 each! Fantastic!!  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>olivia727
<Content>Great Hotel This hotel was wonderful; a spotless (and fairly sized) room, great service, very good food, and a convenient location. Perfect for tourists who want to see Time Square; we were able to walk right to it. A great stay that I'd reccommend to almost anyone.  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>T0-Tourist
<Content>Great Value, Great Staff, Great Location! My wife and family just had a wonderful visit in Manhattan and were fortunate to have read the reviews about the Residence Inn so we booked 3 rooms for a four night stay. We originally chose this hotel because of the good reviews, location, and compt breakfast. However, we were treated like VIP's with an early check-in, terrific 28th floor rooms with a view and a super helpful staff, starting from the desk manager on down to housekeeping. Every staff member was cheerful and greet us with a good morning or hello, how's your stay going. One thing which is interesting is the room layouts, two of the rooms had a great layout with plenty of light, views, adequate washroom space , but one of the rooms was layed out in such a way as to allow little light, less view and cramped washroom space...luck-of-the-draw I guess. The location of this hotel is also great if you intend on catching all of the major sites, we walked to most of them like true New York tourists.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>canmark
<Content>Smart and Central       Bed; room looked south with a partial view of the Empire State Building  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>Blixa
<Content>Horrible Shockingly poor service. I've stayed in nicer rooms at a Holiday Inn ExpressIf you are willing to pay these rates, stay at a nice hotel - Sofitel, Radisson, Ritz-Carliton.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>luvtravel4ever
<Content>Perfect! I'm glad I picked this one among the Marriott's line. It took me two weeks of back  forth. The location is perfect - right on the corner of 6th Ave (Avenue of the Americas)  39th St. The room was on the small side (I found most NYC hotels are anyway), but perfect for two. Breakfast served is of very good quality. Loved it and will definitely return. The whole 5-nights stay (price on that particular segment was on the high side, but worth it) was very pleasant!  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bandlady
<Content>Excellent Deal and Convenient Location My husband and I chose the Residence Inn for an overnight mini-vacation in NYC after checking prices at other midtown hotels. This hotel proved to be the best value by far, being about $100 less than comparable nearby places. Since I am a Marriott Rewards member my request for an early check-in was honored. Our room was a studio suite consisting of a queen bed, full kitchen, small dining table, and marble bathroom. The room and furnishings were spotless and the bed was very comfortable. The kitchen appliances appeared almost new.Although our room did not have a view, it is possible to reserve one.The staff was extremely friendly and check-in was a breeze. The hotel serves a nice breakfast in a huge space on the third floor. We had no trouble finding a table, and the breakfast room was quite comfortable and attractive. Breakfast food was standard Residence Inn style, and the coffee was particularly good.This hotel is located about 3-4 blocks from Times Square, so it is close to everything but not in the extremely crowded part of town. It is also very convenient for both subway and bus travel.I would absolutely recommend this hotel, especially for families who need space and who may want to stay in NYC for a few days.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>travelingirlVegas
<Content>Great hotel in a perfect location! This was my second time to New York but first stay in the city. I was traveling with my Mom and sister so we needed a room that would accommodate all three of us at a reasonable price. The room was perfect with a King size bed and queen size sofa sleeper. The kitchen came in handy as we were able to stock it with soda, wine and other necessities. The bathroom was only big enough for one and the closet was a bit small but we managed. The room rate included buffet breakfast daily which offered hot and cold food plus a self serve beverage area. Dinner was also offered but not quite as good as the breakfast. The staff was friendly and helpful although we were give incorrect information on two occasions. The location of the hotel was perfect; only 2 blocks from Time Square and Macy. We walked just about everywhere and when we couldn walk there were several subway stops within 1-2 blocks of the hotel.I would highly recommend this hotel and would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>lisahToronto
<Content>Great stay at the Residence Inn I can't agree more with the excellent reviews of this hotel! I never book a hotel without checking Trip Advisor first, and I was certainly not let down this time.The king junior suite was perfect -- comfy bed and pillows, couch and chair, immaculately clean. Even the few negatives others have cited were not issues for us. The bathroom may not be huge, but the shower had excellent water pressure and plenty of hot water, and the vanity had a drawer and cupboard for storage. I'm not sure what more anyone would need. The hotel does post a warning in the elevator and leaves a VM on weekends about the breakfast buffet rush after 8:45, so just know that you may have a wait for the elevator after that time. Nonetheless, we didn't wait more than a few minutes on either weekend day, even at prime time. The buffet itself is great -- tons of choices and both hot and cold items. Again, I'm not sure what anyone has to complain about with respect to the breakfast. Given that you would pay as much or more for any similar hotel room in NYC, the breakfast is basically free. The food was replenished frequently and the staff was very quick to remove used dishes and keep tables clean.All in all we have a wonderful leisure weekend in New York City and would most definitely stay at the Residence Inn again.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>1972j
<Content>Great place to stay near Times Square The Residence Inn is a great place to stay if you want to be near Times Square/Bryant Park. The rooms are very large by NYC standards and you can request a room with a great view (which we did). It's nice to be in the city and have a couch and small kitchen in your room. The staff at the hotel is very friendly and helpful and the Residence Inn has some great features like free wireless internet and a free full breakfast. My only caution would be that if you're used to staying at the Four Seasons or the Mandarin, this may not be the hotel for you. The decor is not plush, but it's still very nice. Honestly, the Residence Inn was better than a lot of 4 and even 5 Star hotels I've stayed at in NYC. Our room was large, clean and had tons of ammenities (including a flat screen tv). And, the bed is very comfortable. I'd recommend the Residence Inn to anyone travelling to NYC, especially if you are going to spend a few days there, it's nice to have the extra room and features that it offers.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>artfam
<Content>Can't wait to return! I can't begin to rave about this hotel. I travel a lot for business and have pretty high expectations of hotels. Had a bit of a letdown at a previous Residence Inn, so I was a bit wary.Location:Perfect! It is located off 6th Ave near the garment district. Bryant Park is down the street. Times Square is within walking distance. For those of you who want to take the train, take a left out of the hotel and it is on the next block.Room:We had a queen suite. It was perfect for my husband, 9 year old and me. The fridge came in handy as the microwave. Everything was very clean in the kitchen. The sofabed was very comfortable for our son. The linens were fine and comfy. We were on the 29th floor and had a nice view of the ESB and the Chry. Building. The room was quiet and didn't hear anyone on our floor. If you are traveling with a child, bring them some binoculars so that they can do some street watching! The bathroom was a bit small, but typical for a NYC hotel. Water pressure was fine. I was impressed with the large towels. We had service every day to replenish the towels. Breakfast:Great! I cannot rave enough about it. Do get there early. It becomes a bit crowded after 9:00. We were in there by 8:00 - 8:15 each day. Nice variety of food. They even had soy milk! So, you have food for everyone's palate - eggs, yogurt, pancakes, etc. Service:Outstanding. They honored our early arrival. Even though checkout was at 11, they held our bags until 6 in the evening for us to do some more sightseeing. Paola was helpful when the air carrier lost our luggage. She sent up a bag filled with the essentials when we told her about our experience. Richard, the evening concierge, gave us some great tips on restaurants that are close by and not in Times Square.Food:Tasti D Lite is across the street. It takes cash only. They have some great take out restaurants that deliver. A few worth noting is Big Bowl of Noodles and Yo Sushi. Both have very good food at a very resonable price. There are also some corner stores that are close that are pretty cheap, too. They also sell the normal fares at the front desk. I was pretty surprised how cheap a bottle of water was at the front desk ($2) compared to Times Square ($4).Note:The rooms are very comfortable, but check out the 3rd floor. There is a lounge that has a TV and lots of chairs that you can relax in. We have a lot of family that came to visit us and we hung out there. We would grab a few drinks from the bar and just hang out on the 3rd floor. It is very spacious, so don't feel like you will be cramped in with a lot of people. Overall:I will return. I really loved the hotel. The staff was so friendly and helpful. They remembered us on site. The hotel was very safe and secure. Believe the hype on this one. It was a great hotel, with great prices, and a great location. Even though we went to NYC for leisure, we didn't mind staying in our hotel and hanging out there. I would reccommend this hotel for anyone. NYC is very expensive and you can get some poor service. But, you are not scrimping on price or service here!  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Evanton
<Content>Great trip Having read all the reviews about the Residence Inn it sounded like our sort of hotel. We wanted to be central to Times Square and the main attractions and it was perfect. The staff were very helpful and the concierge organised our tickets for downtown loop and Empire State Building which was great as we did not have to join the huge queues at 9.30am we just went straight to the lift. The city tour was well worth the money and provided us with lots of information as it cover 24hrs we had the use of it on two days which we really enjoyed it could be quite cold up on the open deck but some buses had a glass like roof which did not impede your view ,sitting downstairs in bus your view was restricted when looking at some of the sights. Our room on the 22nd floor 2211 did not have a great view it looked across onto an office block but this was not important as we were out all day. Considering we were in the middle of Manhatton it was very quiet which was very surprising as other guests we met with rooms looking out onto the Hudson River found they were more aware of traffic noise. The room was well equiped with kitchen and everything you could possibly need should you wish to cook I 'm afraid as it was our break I did not use the kitchen at all as the choice of restaurants was amazing. There was a dinning room table, seating area and a good sized flat screen TV.Towels were changed daily and plenty of them, toiletries were also replenished daily and the hairdryer was superb. Breakfast provided a good choice of cereals, porridge,fresh fruit, yogurts, juices, breads, rolls, pastries plus the usual cooked items. Tea and coffee available all day which was a nice touch. I could not fault this Marriott and look forward to going back to stay there in the future.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Succorso
<Content>Great Hotel Myself, my wife, 7 and 12 year old daughters loved the hotel. The location was great. Just a few blocks Broadway/Times Square.The room was ready for an early check in at 10:00 am. It was clean and looked very new. We did not use many of the hotel amenities including the restaurant and bar but they looked nice.We were on 31st floor so we had a good view of the city. I had not requested any particular view but was happy with what we got. It was also quiet.The staff was very friendly and helpful. All I ask for in a hotel is that it is clean and everything works so we loved the hotel. The free wireless internet was also a nice bonus.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>travelcat1
<Content>Great Experience We checked in on 2/23/08. When we arrived I asked if there were any rooms facing the Empire State Building or Bryant Park, the lady at the front desk, told me she would upgrade us at no charge to have 3 windows having a view of all. She then went in the back and brought out a tray of dried fruit and nuts to take to our room. A few mins after walking into the room, she called to see if we were satisfied with the room. I can't ask for better service than that! The room was spacious, had a refrigerator, microwave, etc. I was very impressed. The bathroom is very small, but it is clean, and that is most important to me. I think this hotel is in a great location. Walking distance to MSG or Time Square.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dateam
<Content>New York City's Finest! I recommend this hotel to every individual that I know that is traveling to NYC. The location of this hotel is incredible. (Close to major tourist attractions and subway lines, but off the beaten trail enough so you don't get caught in the chaos) I splurged for 2 nights in this hotel when I moved out of NYC and it was the best money I've ever spent. The hotel's service is the greatest in the city (and if you know NYC-- good service is hard to come by). In my comments, when I booked the hotel online, I'd written that we'd like a room with a view, if possible. The hotel upgraded our room the moment we walked in (and by that time I'd forgotten that I'd even made the request). They have a social time in the evenings, which actually means a buffet of food (they select the items. One night was spaghetti and salad, the next soup and salad). Although the dinner menu is only served Mon-Thursday, the amazing buffet breakfast is available daily. I cannot say enough about the FANTASTIC clean, spacious rooms and great service! I spent a year of my life as a New Yorker, and the final two nights in this amazing city, at this hotel, made me re-think leaving. I will never hesitate to stay at any Marriott location, as the three that I've visited in the past year have been nothing but AMAZING!ENJOY!!  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TravelAgentMom1963
<Content>Good choice! We have just returned from our first visit to NY. After weeks of research, I chose the Marriott Residence Inn. The junior suite was a little crowded but enough room for myself, my husband and my 13 yr old daughter. Positives include great location, useful kitchen, early check in, great complimentary full breakfast. Negatives include sofa bed not so comfortable, bathroom on the small side and not much drawer space. Would upgrade next time to a one-bedroom. Overall, a pleasant experience and feel I made the right choice.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>pinklady1177
<Content>Home away from home I stayed at the Residence Inn last month. It was comfortable, the rooms were spacious. The highlight was the free buffet breakfast!!...especially since the weather outside was freezing!!Wish there was a doorman though..to help with the bags. This is a great hotel for persons who are frequent visitors to newyork..not first timers!!...Concierge service is not very evident!!  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Cathrine517
<Content>Loved the Residence Inn My family loved the Residence Inn. Everything about this Inn was perfect. Our room was clean and comfortable. I loved having a kitchen in the room. There are deli's close by so you can buy grocery items to keep in your room if you desire.  The location was perfect for us and the breakfast buffet was wonderful. I highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	3	3	

<Author>pams3150
<Content>Great Hotel The Residence Inn Times Square was generally a great hotel for our 4 night stay while attending the Big East Basketball Tournament at Madison Square Garden. The staff was friendly and at times very helpful. Our request of an early check in was honored. I had asked for a corner room, but this was not available. The room on the 6th floor was clean and spacious considering this is New York City. It was wonderful having a fridge and microwave which is unheard of in other NYC hotels. The location is excellent--a less than 10minute walk to the Theater District, Times Square and Madison Square Garden.One of the best things about this hotel is the hot and free breakfast that is included with the room rate. The buffet was always well stocked and there was plenty of seating. The workers were exceedingly nice. They were courteous and helpful and went out of their way to take care of you.Only two things kept me from giving this hotel an excellent rating. The bathrooms are extremely small. You are barely able to close the door once you are inside. The other issue Is the concierge. As opposed to the other employees, these people are not too interested in helping you out. It seems they are very tuned into helping when the request centers around a situation they can make money on. When I inquired about the time the half price ticket booth for Broadway shows opens, the concierge did not know. When I asked him to go to the organization's website to check, he said they didn't have one. I then walked over to the lobby computer and found it myself!!! I appreciate the fact that the Residence Inn had a free computer for customers.Aside from this, the Residence Inn Times Square is a fantastic property for the price. We werecompletely satisfied from check in to check out. This is a top notch property that I would recommend to anyone planning to visit NYC. Your dollar goes far here, which usually not the case in New York. A completely comfortable stay.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Brian03
<Content>The best! We got a great deal through the hotel website. Winter sale. 209.00 Great rate considering the rooms are well over 300. Our room was not quite ready when we arrived, so they upgraded us to a larger corner room with 3 windows. (1402) It was great. All new appliances, the best bed,, comfy couch. The water pressure was a bit slow, but no big deal. When we mentioned we were in the city for my 40th bday, the next day, the concierge came to the door and delivered a comp. bottle of champagne an balloons. I was so impressed and it meant alot. The breakfast buffet in the morning is great and INCLUDED in the price. Eggs, sausage, belgian waffles, homefreis, cereal, different muffins, rolls and cereal..It is so worth it. Just go before 9 as it tends to get busy. The lobby area is great to relax. Fireplace, nice, comfy chairs and couches. It is a very large area, so you never feel cramped. We will stay here again. It is perfect for the TImes Square area. Less then 5 minutes to Times Square and Broadway. Cna't wait to go back. The staff are all so kind and professional.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>alli123
<Content>Couldnt of asked for any better!! Well were do i start?My boyfriend and I had planned our 5 day trip 5 months in advance and had originally booked a different hotel. However i checked this site 2 weeks before traveling only to find very poor reviews so made the decision to change to the Residence Inn. In our opinion we made the best decision! On arrival the hotel staff were fantastic...giving us a choice of rooms on the top middle or bottom floors...naturally we chose the highest room which turned out to give us an unbelivable view of the Empire State Building (and we had no problems with Elavators in the morning!).Family members even commented how friendly the staff were when she phoned to speak to us from England. The rooms were clean and comfortable and the bed was huge and extra comfy, perfect to come back to after a long day sight seeing! The bedding and towels were changed every day as well as all our dishes being cleaned and the floors hoovered. The breakfast is included and was fresh which a large choice including muffins, bagels, waffles, fruit and then eggs sauages and bacon!. The location was perfect one block from 5th Ave, Times Sq and Broadway! At the end of our stay we were given a late check out with no problems at all! Everything about this hotel helped make our trip what it was...perfect!!  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Babyl0ve
<Content>This is the place to be !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!       angle view  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Maude79
<Content>very pleasant experience After extensive online research, I booked a King Suite at this hotel for a mother/daughter weekend with my teenager. Our trip was delayed by one day due to a Nor'easter here in New England and the staff at the hotel was kind enough to rebook us at the same great rate without penalty. Upon arrival we were warmly greeted and upgraded to a corner room on the 27th floor with a nice view. The room was exactly as pictured in previous reviews - wonderful bed w/extra pillows, nice kitchenette and small but functional bath with an oversized dual showerhead and plenty of hot water. The third floor lounge was enormous and a peaceful place to grab a cup of coffee and complimentary newspapers (including NYTimes). Breakfast selection was good and as mentioned in an earlier review even better on Monday than over the weekend. Easy walk to Broadway, Macy's, Rockefeller center, etc. From the front desk to the housekeeping, the staff was very accommodating. We had no problems with the elevators but were there on a quiet weekend and up fairly early. I must add that the room was quieter than expected for NYC and was only awaken one night by an ambulance siren. I would highly recommend thishotel to both business travelers and small families and plan to make this my hotel of choice for future visits.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kauainut
<Content>Great experience We've stayed in budget hotels, boutique hotels and high-end chains (when my office was footing the bill), and this was one of the best, if not the best, place we've stayed in New York in the last decade.When we arrived after a long, aggravating day of travel, the nice lady at reception upgraded us to a larger room with a view (that's NEVER happened to us before) and gave us some complimentary snacks. The room was great -- immaculately clean, very spacious for NYC and comfortable. It was really convenient to have a kitchenette in the room (stored water we bought at nearby market and delicious treats we bought on Bleeker St.). We don't have kids yet, but I think this would be a great option for families b/c in the end you would save money with the free breakfast, pull-out couches in the rooms and kitchenette to have snacks/reheat last night's leftovers for lunch.We liked this place so much, we've booked a room for our next trip up in May.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>OllieMonster
<Content>Good Hotel, good location We generally find that Residence Inns are good, and this was no exception.Room was clean, quiet and comfortable (our main requirements). Room was modern although smaller than ususal Residence rooms.Nice breakfast included in room rate.Good location - couple of blocks from Times Square - we felt safe walking back to this hotel with our young family.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>DuffyDo
<Content>Same as last time....Perfect! Location is perfect, staff is pleasant and helpful, rooms are large and clean. For the price, you don't get much better than this.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BeagleToronto
<Content>Best deal and great location       Empire State from romm 1606 Residence Inn Marriott Times sq.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>vofster
<Content>Agree with positive reviews of this hotel Stayed five days here and were very impressed with everything about the hotel - would definitely go back. Best things were super free breakfast, really nice area for breakfast\reading\relaxing, location , really comfy beds and friendly staff. We got around the elevator problems at busy times by asking for a room on a lower floor and using the stairs.Only disappointment was price of drink in the bar - 14$ for glass of red wine!  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Craigy
<Content>Very Disappointed       okut shame about the staff  
<Date>Feb 3, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	1	1	1	

<Author>rpg101
<Content>business travellers, avoid this hotel This hotel is another time square tourist attraction. We business travellers need internet access for after hours work, but what this hotel provides is a 1K speed net access, controlled VPN access (sometimes works, sometimes doesn't, goes down all the time due to the limited speed). If you don't need internet access the hotel is OK, but if you do, just stay away  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>1	3	3	1	3	2	3	1	

<Author>Manatee609
<Content>Really Top Notch This hotel proved to be the perfect choice for four nights in the city for a 'sister's trip'. Three of us found the room workable with its pull out couch and though we didn't use the kitchen, the extra area gave a feeling of space. The location is fabulous, though 'Times Square' is quite a ways away. Everything was spotless and all the appointments looked as if they had just been replaced - curtains. linens, etc. seemed brand new. Though there is no real lobby, the lovely library-style space where breakfast is served, is as charming a relaxing public area as could be asked for. The staff is welcoming and helpful - just delightful - and the nearby Simply Pasta and Bryant Park Grill restaurants are great choices for lunch or dinner.I'd go back in a heartbeat!  
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Jenniferanne
<Content>Absolutely Ideal!!! We stayed from 22 Dec through to Jan 5. After months and months of research, I booked 2 rooms here ( 2 adults 4 teens). Without a doubt we picked a brilliant hotel.The hotel was spotlessly clean, the beds are THE BEST we have ever slept on. Yes bathroom is small, but I knew that beforehand from other reviews. We prefer a clean bathroom to a big one.We had a teen ( 18  15 )sleep on each sofa in each room, they didn't complain once, so obviously fine.Yes elevators are slow at 9.00am, so that was great incentive to get to breakfast at 8.15. So instead of people whinging, just get up a touch earlier, then fit more into your day.The staff could not do enough to assist, all our request were carried out instantly. Loved the location , close to Times Sq ( yet never heard noise through the night), 1 block from subway, Bryant Park, close to Maceys, MSG, ESB.Don't hesitate in booking Residence Inn, even after 12 nights here still couldn't find a fault.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Muneca6270
<Content>Great location, Great Service This is a nice little hotel, in a great location. I stayed two nights, and it was perfectly fine for my hectic schedule that weekend. The room was nicely decorated with newer upgrades and the bed was very, very comfortable. I'm a native New Yorker and there are still some things about the city that I've not taken the time to notice, so it was nice that we had a view of the Empire State Bldg.Breakfast was good, however if you stay during the weekend, get there early as the hotel is full. The staff was friendly and helpful. Yuliya was especially nice and we appreciated her attention to detail. I have no complaints.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>gordonbs
<Content>Another great Marriott experience Stayed 3 nights and couldn't fault anything. Great room with kitchen area and view of Empire State. Friendly, helpful and courteous staff. Excellent mid-town location and very good value for money. Would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tarag1
<Content>Loved The Residence Inn !!!!!! We stayed at the Residence Inn from Dec.28th until Jan 4th, we had a great time. There were 3 of us my 12 year old son, husband and myself. As said in every review before the beds are sooooo comfy, I did not want to leave it, my son thought the pull out couch was OK. Rooms a decent size, very clean, bathroom a bit small but you don't go to New York to spent a lot of time in the bathroom. Did not hear a sound from the other rooms or corridors. We did experience a problem with the lifts on two occasions, but that was because we were late going down for breakfast, if you go down before 8.45 no problems. The breakfast was very good, a great selection of everything to suit.The location was perfect, Times sq 5mins, Bryant pk across the street and the ice skating was brill and Macy's and Hearld sq 10 mins away.I would really love to stay here again, and we are planning a trip for October but the price they are looking for has doubled from what we paid, and I personally don't think it is worth $539 per night, I really did not mind paying $399 peak and then $209 for the off peak nights. Staff very friendly also.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	3	3	

<Author>ozdanae
<Content>Fantastic! We (couple with a teenager) stayed here over Christmas 2007, and lovedit! We've just had a month long trip to the USA, and this was absolutely the best hotel we stayed in. We were on the 23rd floor, andthe only (small) problem we had was with the elevators being extremelyslow at peak times.The staff were excellent, the breakfasts were wonderful - I have no idea why anyone would complain about the selection or quantity. Every single day there was ample selection and amounts. We only went to the evening social hour one night out of the eight nights that we stayed, but it was good, too. Plenty of washing machines and dryers in the laundry room, bed was comfortable, teenager claimed the sofa bed was fine, too. Excellent location, subway very close by, skating in Bryant Park was fun. We requested and got a view of the Empire State Building, too.Would absolutely stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Kieron17
<Content>Great Stay in NY - Dec 07       View to street.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Shopaholiday
<Content>Great location, good for an extended stay Stayed here for five weeks in Nov-Dec 2007. Hotel location is excellent; round the corner from Broadway, less than ten mins' walk from Macy's, two minutes from Bryant Park, five mins from Fifth Avenue, and about ten mins' walk from the Port Authority (good for those who want to take a day trip to Woodbury Common shopping mall - highly recommended!). Hailing a taxi from outside the hotel wasn't difficult and there's a subway station right beside it. My room on the 35th floor was quiet and had a view north up 6th Avenue and over Bryant Park. It had the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in - no exaggeration. The bathroom was small but very clean and nicely appointed; shower was excellent and there was also a bath. The room had a safe, an ironing board and a proper iron. There's a laundry in the basement which costs a dollar per wash and per dry - washing powder's available free from the front desk. The dry cleaning service was good - same day delivery and the prices weren't bad. Broadband internet access was available by wireless but could be a bit slow. My only issue with the room would be that it was very stuffy; there was no way to open the window further than a few centimetres, so getting fresh air in was a bit difficult. There was a kitchenette with a huge fridge and a dishwasher; these were useful but I could have done with a hob or ring for saucepans - I hadn't been made aware that this was available on request. There's a 24-hour deli on the corner of the block next to the hotel. You can also get hot snacks at the hotel bar on the second floor; it's tiny but nice and has a pool table. There's a hospitality hour in the evenings from Mon-Thurs, where snacks, soup, salad and so on are served to guests. Breakfast is really rather good - selection of hot food like sausages, bacon, potatoes, French toast, waffles, pancakes, oatmeal and so on (skip the eggs as they were nasty!), as well as pastries, bread, cheese and fruit. I'd advise getting down to breakast as early as you can as it gets a bit hectic after 8.30, particularly on weekends. As other reviewers have pointed out, the single biggest problem the hotel has is its elevator system. Getting a lift in either direction between 8.30 and 10.30 was very difficult - I waited up to ten minutes on occasion. It appeared that some of the lifts weren't even in service as it seemed to be the same two that were always in use at breakfast time.Front desk service on arrival and during the stay was fine; however on departure I encountered some problems. There was absolutely no flexibility as regards check-out times; I requested checkout of 2pm but was told I had to be out by 11.30 at the latest or else I'd have to pay for another half-day. This despite the fact that we had paid for thirty nights already! Also, the manners of the male concierge left a lot to be desired; quite at odds with any other hotel concierge I've dealt with. The doormen/porters were pleasant and polite. All in all it was a nice stay - if the Residence Inn irons out those few wrinkles in its service I've no doubt it'll get more five-star ratings from those on prolonged stays.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	2	2	4	

<Author>wisconsinwisconsin2
<Content>Great Location We just returned from a three night stay at the Residence Inn and found it to be a comfortable place with a convenient location. We could walk or hop on the subway to anywhere in Manhattan easily. Our room had a partial view of the Empire State Building and the layout was comfortable for three of us. The staff was friendly and helpful. There were a few issues though - The bathroom had a moldy smell that never went away and the smoke detector and carbon monoxide alarms would go off and off and off. WE informed the desk and they said they would fix, but they continued to reoccur and we finally had to take them apart to fix ourselves. Very frustrating late at night after a long day.The Inn provided breakfast daily and a light supper during the week. On Thursday night they didn't provide anything and failed to give notice that this would be happening. No apologies were given - more or less a too bad, so sad response.This would be one of those places that I might or might not consider again depending on information available at the time..  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	5	3	3	

<Author>schapa
<Content>Residence Rocks! Our first night of the year was at the lovely Residence Inn Hotel. If you are comparing, search no further. This hotel is comfortable, incredibly well located and reasonably well priced. It has a glorious shower, comfortable beds and a hearty breakfast. The location is spectacular- almost across the street from Bryant Park and the New York Public library, two blocks from Times Square and a short walk from the Rockefeller Center. The view of the Empire State building was magnificent. We had a fabulous dinner at Becco in the Chelsea neighborhood, delivery from Virgil's and wonderful croissants from the Le Croissaint Shop next door. One of the great blessings of the trip was being able to let our little 4 and 7 year old daughters rest in our nest. We will never stay anywhere else in NY!  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>montgomerypip
<Content>Really Impressed I have recently returned from my first visit to New York with my wife and 2 young children. I would first like to point out my respect for the excellent staff we met - from the porter, to housekeeping and reception staff. It was a busy time of year (between Christmas and New Year) and we felt welcomed and valued as customers.Our room (1808) was very spacious as was the bathroom - this may be because it was a disabled room. We had the sofa bed permanently made up and there was still plenty of space. The kitchen area was handy because we have a baby. The staff came to our room and made up the crib which was brilliant!We had a magical view of the Empire State Building!I read many reviews prior to travelling regarding the complimentary breakfast. Perhaps I had lower expectations because of these, but we found the breakfast both plentiful and of a satisfactory quality.The location of the hotel is terrific. You are literally 3 minutes walk from Macys at Herald Square. A further 2 minutes and you arrive at the Empire State Building. Madison Square Gardens is also very close by. Times Square is only 10 minutes walk away.Nearby Bryant Park was beautiful with all of the Christmas Decorations and Ice Rink erected. It was such a nice surprise to find in the middle of a busy city.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Michmal
<Content>Great hotel, value and location,Family of Four should request an 08 room Stayed here from Dec 23rd to 31st in an 08 room with our two teenage kids after looking at an 06 and 12 room which was too small for the four of us. Sergio was our bellman and suggested an 08 room and made it happen for us! Our 08 room looked at the Empire State Building and was a handicap accessible room which wasat least 25% larger than the standard rooms and cost us no more.This larger room was a necessity for us as one of our teens slept on the sofa bed (comfortable with a down comforter put on top which housekeeping provided us) and the other teen slept on a twin sized blow up bed that fit between the sofa bed and the L shaped kitchen (granite)counter. In the smaller rooms this bed would not have fit. Our room had about 5 feet between the sofa bed and our king bed when the sofabed was pulled out. The smaller rooms had just enough room to pull out the sofa bed before it almost touched the end of the other bed.We paid $169.00/nt. leading up to Christmas and then just after we paid $311.00/nt.Pros:1 Location is very good. Extremely quiet location (in garment district but nearer to Bryabnt Park)but less than one block from BDFand V trains and a few blocks from the thick of things in Times Square. All other trains were within a few blocks.We rode the subway for 8 days and never felt the location was inconvenient to anywhere we traveled and we traveled all over the city as well as to Queens, Brooklyn and New Jersey.2. Rooms and common areas are super clean and brand new looking (2 years old) Breakfast and light dinner reception served on 3rd floor in a beautiful, warm lounge with some TVs., tables chairs and many upscale decorations and sofas as well,3. Great value. The breakfasts are huge and free. Waffles, french toast, sausage, eggs, oatmeal, breads, yogurt, danish, canned fruits, fresh fruits, granolas, cereals, juices, coffee, teas etc Had dinner reception one night which was both meat and veggie lasagna and nice salad bar.4. only 12 rooms are on each floor which makes for very quiet floors, hardly ever heard noise from outside our room. 5. Large windows (2 in our room) and they open out at the bottom if you want fresh air.5. Kitchen with full fridge and micro, large kitchen sink and nice L shaped counterspace which my daughter and I sat at and did our makeup while my son and husband got ready in the bathroom.This was a huge time saver for us in the mornings. Beautiful wood cabinets (lots of storage in cabinets) and granite counters.6.Cooktops are available by request and large crockpot in each room! Didn't use for anything else but to leave on for 10 hrs at a time (had timer) filled with water to put some humidity in the air. 7. Good, not large fitness center....has precors, treadmills, bikes and wieghts (not weight machines.) TV and bottled water in this room.8. Super comfortable (down) Simmons pillowtop beds, sofa bed needs duvet comnforter to be quite comfy for 1 teen or 2 small children9. Everything in rooms in perfect working condition, lots of outlets and large flat screen TVCons:1. Only 1 bed (either queen or king )in all rooms. Also a sofabed in each room2. Very little clothes storage for 4 people. One small closet and one3 drawer small chest the TV sat on and 2 small chests with 2 drawer next to either side of bed. Large window sills in front of each window became the shelves for the rest of our clothing!3.During full occupancy as when we were there, the elevators (4 for 360 rooms) were slow most times and were filled to capacity at all times.4. Breakfast is hard for them to keep up with at times during full capacity. Found more food avail either early or just before it closed (10am during holidays)5. Conceirge are fair at best....Friendly expcept for hispanic woman at night but not too outgoing or knowledgable other than the very basics, ie. directions, general restaurant info, where TKTS for discount booths are located etc.6. No separate bedrooms (all one rrom) but to get this is about double in cost at the DoubleTree Guest Suites Times Square.7. Not in the middle of the action of Times Square but within a few minutes walkAll in all, this hotel is a great choice for most travelers, is brand new looking in the rooms and common areas and offers the best value of any hotel we found. We will definitely stay here again but it must be an 08 room for the 4 of us to be comfortable. Breakfast and light dinner reception makes it a great value as we ate one nice meal out each day and sometimes another light meal at night. Bar also available on 3rd floor but never went. For sports enthuisasts, games were being watched both at the bar and at the TV in the brkfst/dinner reception lounge on 3rd floor. Usually quiet enough to turn on your game.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>guywhostayed
<Content>nice location - very poor service Hotel was in a good location and close to Times Square; however, the elevators were incredibly insufficient. As quest we would have to wait for 2, 3, 4, or 5 elevators sometimes because they were inadequate for the number of guest in the hotel. Staff was helpful enough but the coffee bar on the 3rd floor was often out of tea and creamer in the evening and was usually a total mess ?trash running over, spills, etc?.that looked like it had been that was for hours. Housekeeping did well at servicing the room but very poor performers when it came to request like extra blankets etc?.Overall it was good but only good?.not great.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	2	3	4	5	

<Author>myeyeshazel
<Content>Liked the location The hotel states it is in Times Square which it isn't so we found the room price to be a little high ($599 for a Monday night). The room was somewhat small for a suite and the bathroom is just large enough for one person. The kitchen was a nice asset but make sure you request the burner to cook on. The staff on the front desk, bar and buffet were above average. The valet staff needs improvement but do take advantage of the service. All in all I would stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>vacationlover12
<Content>Excellent choice with children!! Absolutely loved my stay at this hotel and will definitely try to stay there again. Got a $200 rate for a Saturday before Christmas...not bad. Got a room on the 32nd floor so very quiet and great view of the empire state building. Didn't need the kitchen but used the pull out sofa bed for our 6 year old. Loved, loved, loved the comfortable sheets and bed. It was heavenly!!! The buffet breakfast was perfect. It had scrambled eggs, sausage, bagels, and all the fixings (peanut butter, cream cheese, jelly, etc.), potatoes, pancakes, fruit bar, oatmeal, coffee and juice stations, yogurts, different breads, etc. I mean it was all we could want and more for an included breakfast. It kept me full all day. Yes, the elevators are slow and they stop on all the floors, but it wouldn't deter me from asking for the high floor again b/c it was so quiet. I thought it was spotless - the entire room and bathroom was very nice with nice tile, lighting and just very very clean and shining. I thought it was a steal! Walked one ave to l and t's for window shopping and couldn't have asked for a better location. Central to times square, and 5th ave, but quiet and not as hectic being on 6th ave. Can't wait to stay again. My daughter and husband loved it. We valet the car for $45. That took 30 min to pick up. The staff was very friendly and we had the quickets check in and check out ever. We live in NJ, and travel quite a bit, and this hotel was really really great.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>shan_luv2travel
<Content>Great hotel right near the action!       Cute suite kitchen  
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dorla
<Content>Great Location - Friendly staff Have recently returned from NYC and this hotel is very good value considering the location and breakfast offered. We were on floor 5 so didn't have a view of Empire State but to be honest for us that didn't matter. The room was large(I have stayed in many NYC hotels where you could not get the proverbial cat in to swing), the room was immaculate with small bathroom and good kitchen facilites and sofa. The king size bed was extremely comfortable - a nice welcome after a hard days shopping for Christmas. It is very close to all shopping and tourist districts - all within walking distance. The subway at 42nd and Bryant Park was only a minutes walk away which was useful. The staff on entering the lobby were always helpful and cheerful and I only have praise for them dealing with all sorts of situations with good grace.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>colesmom215
<Content>Loved this place!! I stayed here overnight on the 9th of December with my mom and my son. I thought it was great- one of the cleanest rooms I've ever stayed in. The bed and pillows were super comfortable, which is always risky. The room was spotless, and the staff couldn't have been nicer. We dealt with at least 4 different staff members the two days we were there, and one was nicer than the last.I also thought the breakfast was fantastic- hot and cold. I would definitely reccomend this hotel to anyone who wants to sight see- it's centrally located. So I think I've made my point- I loved it!!  
<Date>Dec 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Shmohan
<Content>Great room, great location Fantastic location just a few blocks from times square, penn plaza, etc.Nice studio room with modern furniture, full kitchen, and comfy bed.Comp. breakfast buffet was delicious- standard fare, but well done.Would def stay here again!  
<Date>Dec 17, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>matthewpink
<Content>Very good hotel for New York Stayed here from 12 December for 3 nights. Hotel is only 2 blocks from Times square and only a 10 minute walk to Grand Central Station.The hotel is very clean and the staff are very helpfull we arrived 5 hours early and they still found us a room .There is a good buffet breakfast and a bar that opens in the evenings till 12pm.There are hundreds of restaurants within walking distance.Have been to other hotels in new york and can say this is the best yet.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>irishpete03
<Content>Great views       View from 33rd floor bedroom (3306)  
<Date>Dec 13, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>sudsysarah
<Content>Excellent experience! Booked same day - great rate of $199 for a Kingsize bed suite with queen sofabed, full kitchen and bath. Free in-room wi-fi, Free HOT (bacon, eggs etc) buffet breakfast (superb quality), terrific location 1 block form Bryant Park - our room had a very nice view of the skating rink there - we requested and got early (12 noon) check-in, ALL staff were wonderful and super-professional from the housekeepers to the concierge (who booked us a car to La Guardia fully inclusive of tip etc. for less than we have ever paid before and perfectly on-time, no body-odor driver etc.) The room was lovely - granite/stainless steel kitchen, superbly appointed bathroom, comfortable sofa-bed (rare!), fine bed linens, good selection of free cable TV etc. etc. - plenty of space - this was really an fantastic experience all-round - no complaints at all!  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rdyn
<Content>Excellent service, location and room The hotel's location can not be beat. It is withing walking distance of Times Square, Bryant Park, Rockefeller Center, 5th Avenue and so much more. Service was simply excellent, prompt valet service, great concierge, helpful staff, excellent breakfast.The room was the largest I have ever had in NY, very well appointed and super clean.To top it off the price was unbeatable at $199.I could not ask for better, it's a 5 star.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Studio69
<Content>Second Stay also a Success My wife and I stayed in this hotel over the Thanksgiving weekend. We did so last year at the same time of year. Both times we enjoyed our stay here. Breakfast is included and it is plentiful and delicious. A happy hour is held from 5:30PM to 7 PM (no alcohol) but that was wonderful as well. Situated close to Times Square and Broadway. Subway very close by. Bryant Park is 1 block away and had many temporary shops and ice skating. Staff was pleasant enough, but we did have several requests go unanswered. We asked for a new change of linens each night contrary to hotel policy of only Tuesday and Friday. 3x this was requested and never honored. The TV had a faulty connection to the cable outlet and I had to play TV repairman more than once. The corner light stand did not operate at all. The bathroom was extremely small--room for one person only and just getting the door closed you had to pay attention or else. We stayed in 3104 which gave us a nice view of the Empire State Building. However last year we stayed in 2206 and it was much much bigger. Rooms ending in 06 and 08 are much bigger and those facing the Empire State building are the ones you want to request. With city and state tax we paid $352/night for this hotel, so the value received is borderline in my opinion. For that much money I want a fresh change of linens and towels. We are very conservative and do not waste, so for one week out of the year we like to indulge with fresh linens. All things considered we enjoyed our stay as repeat visitors. Next year though I will be price shopping more than I did this year.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2007
<Rating>4	2	3	5	4	3	3	4	

<Author>NYTessie
<Content>Great Hotel in NYC We just stayed overnight in NYC and this hotel was really nice. It was clean and pretty spacious for the city. I've stayed at a few hotels in NYC, and I will be staying in this hotel from now on.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sf7307
<Content>Thanksgiving Stay We stayed 5 nights over Thanksgiving. The big plus is the location. Despite another poster's comments, there is actually a subway station exactly 1 block from the hotel (the F train, 40th St.  Bryant Park station, which is at the corner of 40th a  Avenue of the Americas). Elevators were not great, but not that bad either, except during prime breakfast time. Even then, I think 3 or 4 minutes was the max we waited. The breakfast wasn't worth waiting for anyway. We did eat cereal and bagels, coffee and juice, but the one morning I wanted hot food, all of the food was out. I'm sure they came out with more, but they should plan better, as the line then gets very long. Three doors down from the hotel is The Croissant Shop which has fabulous house-baked croissants, so mostly we ate there. Service/staff was excellent and friendly with one exception (still friendly, just not excellent). We asked for an additional comforter (for the sofabed, so the springs wouldn't be felt) and an additional thin sofa-bed blanket. The guy at the front desk just could not get it through his head that I wanted a comforter and a blanket, not a blanket and a flat sheet. So, nothing showed up. Next day, I asked again and got exactly what we asked for.The room, when the sofabed is closed, is nice-sized. We ended up not using the kitchen, except for soda. The regular bed is very comfortable.They recently added WiFi. Worked well in one part of the room, not in another. The bathroom is tiny, for one person at a time only. But our biggest problem with the room wasn't the size of the bathroom, it was the fact that the shower was truly pathetic. At first, we had no pressure and only lukewarm water. We told them to call us if they couldn't fix it, and we'd return to change rooms. They called us and told us it was fixed. Ha! (Not). We called again. This time the engineer came right away and fixed the heat issue by tightening a value, but that didn't help the pressure issue. The stream of water from the rainshower head was as light as a summer mist, and from the hand-shower so narrow that I could circle my thumbs and forefingers around the water. Awful. I have no idea if other rooms are better, or if this is what they consider normal, but they will get a letter of complaint from me. I didn't pay $400 a night for the worst hotel shower I've ever had. Lastly, on our last night, the clock radio alarm didn't go off and the wakeup call we asked for never came. I realize these are all small issues (well, except the shower), but all in all, next time we want a hotel in this same category, we'll stay at the Courtyard Midtown East next time (stayed there before and liked it better).  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lane0413
<Content>Great experience My mom and I stayed here the week of Thanksgiving. The hotel was nice. Very clean and quiet. The free breakfast was wonderful..We even took advantage of the free pasta supper one night and it was pretty good also, even better free! We really didn't have a problem with the elevators at all and keep in mind we were there on Thanksgiving Day! One morning we slept in late and didn't get to breakfast until about 9:15. We had to wait a few minutes on the elevators but it was no big deal..The hotel location was very convenient to Times Square and Macy's. The first couple of days we walked up to Rockefeller center and Radio City but by the 3rd day we were so tired of walking that we just took a cab. The hotel is on 39th and 6thand Rockefeller Plaza and Radio City is around 50th so it was a little bit of a walk but still not bad. Fifth Ave is just one street over and Lord and Taylors is near by but the major designers stores like Tiffanys, Prada, Armani, etc are up closer to Rockerfeller so if you are going to do some major shopping you may want to stay up near there. I still believe the Pros outweigh the Cons. You can't beat the free breakfast and suppers.. If you are on a budget this is the way to go!I thought my bed at home was comfortable but i was wrong.. The hotel bed is the most comfortable i've ever slept in. Oh the view of the Empire State building from our room was awesome. We were in room 2004! I think the even numbers give the best views! Photos to come shortly!  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>nat131186
<Content>excellant very friendly staff couldnt do enough for you, location good. rooms were very clean beds are so comfortable i wanted to take it home!! continental breakfast was good doesnt matter what time you arrive if something isnt there the staff are more than happy to get it for you. excellant hotel i will stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>skerns123
<Content>Great hotel My teenage daughter and I stayed here for 3 nights. Great hotel for tourists. Very quiet and location was excellent for siteseeing. Easy to walk to TimeSquare and the subway station a few short blocks away. We even walked to the Theater district. Rooms were spacious for NYC and kitchen area was very nice even though we did not use it. Bed was very comfortable. Bathroom was very tiny but nice. Included breakfast was convenient but not great. They were often out of food and the staff seemed to have trouble keeping things stocked. Pretty much the same bland items each morning with little variety. The usual scrambled eggs, sausage, waffles , some okay looking muffins, toast, bagels, cereal, yogurt, and some fruit (which they always ran out of). The oatmeal would usually be out or almost out also. We never had a problem with the elevator or had to wait long even though the hotel was quite busy. Hotel has a computer and printer for guests in the lobby area and a concierge desk.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Davidwatts
<Content>Good, but not great This is a good property, with nice rooms that feature full kitchens. Very nice lounge area, in which breakfast is provided. The lobby is small and gets crowded. The staff is helpful and efficient. Pretty good location, although is several blocks from a subway station (in Manhattan, there are plenty of hotels within a block of a subway station). The only complaint is that there isn't enough elevator capacity (I think re-programming them would solve the problem; there appear to be enough). This causes annoyingly long waits, especially at breakfast time.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>FamilyHEngland
<Content>Great Hotel Stayed at the Residence Inn for 5 nights in Oct 07. We had a great stay, couldn't fault it at all. As it was for a special occasion I emailed to ask if we could be upgraded if there was any available  when we checked in we were offered a 3 windowed cornor suite, which gave us more room. The bed was very, very comfortable. Our son slept on the sofa bed which was ok, (he was so tried he would have slept on anything). The breakfast was great a good selection of hot  cold food,  it saved time in the mornings. We didn't have a problem with having to wait for the lifts but we were up early every day. Great location within walking distance of most attractions  shops. We can't wait to visit New York again  will stay at the Residence Inn if we can.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>Flokey
<Content>Fantastic Hotel My daughter, age 22, and I stayed at the Residence Inn Oct. 26 - 28 and had a wonderful experience. She was in New York for a Fashion Seminar, and I went along for the company and to sight see while she was busy. I had visited the marriott.com website to find out about properties in Times Square since I am a rewards member of the Marriott chain of hotels. I then called the hotel, and they guaranteed me the best price possible, and said they had a policy where I would not find a better price anywhere for their property. They were right!! The hotel staff was very helpful and we were able to have an early check in to help us out with our plans. Our room, in fact the entire hotel, was very clean and pretty in the furnishings. We appreciated the generous size of our suite, and all of the amenities that were included. The hotel has a fantastic location, and we could walk very quickly to Times Square, the subway, and many area attractions, which we liked. The complimentary breakfast was very tasty and generous, also. Again, the staff was very polite and helpful, and we would definitely stay at this property again.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dotdty86
<Content>Excellent location and facilities, average service Our family of three stayed at the Residence Inn Times Square for a Manhattan vacation. The facility is excellent, with decently sized suites (for Manhattan). The breakfast buffet is well-stocked, the wireless Internet is available throughout the building and the laundryfacilities worked well. The towels and bedding are on par with good Marriott standards.The location is quite convenient, being one block off Broadway and about 6 blocks from the heart of Times Square. There are three subway stops within 4 blocks (Bryant Park station only a block away). There are numerous local grocers and a Duane Reade pharmacy within 2 blocks to stock your refrigerator.Hotel service depends on whether you are weekday (business) or weekend(tourist) travel. We arrived mid-week and left on the weekend, so I could easily see the transition. I understand that business travelers pay more and probably inflict less wear on the property, but the downgrade in service from weekday to weekend is striking. The front desk, housekeeping, breakfast buffet, bell/security and concierge all took on a much less professional attitude once Friday noon hit. Some examples: addressing me by name on the house phone mid-week, but not on Sunday...real plates for breakfast mid-week, plastic on weekends... doorman opening the non-revolving door when we had large luggage on Wednesday, but not on Sunday.Overall, if we visit New York again, we would definitely stay here. Staying mid-week will definitely get you better service and a nicer overall experience.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>timminn
<Content>Great spot Nice place, clean, spacious, great bed. Temperature control was so-so. Neighborhood not elegant, but good Chinese restaurant around the corner.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>TravelinCari
<Content>Great Place to Stay My husband and I visited New York from Sept. 29 - Oct. 4 (4 nights) and we had a very good experience at this hotel. We have really liked staying at other Residence Inns throughout the U.S. and this one was just as great. We loved the fact that we could save time and money with the breakfast they offered. And the breakfast was fantastic. They had scrambled eggs, potatoes, sausage, bacon, tortillas, etc. You can also make your own waffles, and on the days we were there they had blueberries in the waffle mix. One of my favorite things that they had for breakfast were the fountain drinks. I'm not a big fan of coffee or juice in the morning, so I was extremely happy that they had soda. We were there during the week so we were able to experience the social hour at least once. Although they don't call it dinner, it was still great food.Other people mentioned they had to wait a while for the elevators, but we didn't really have a problem with that, the most we waited was a few minutes, but nothing unusual. They also have a laundry room on the lower level, I didn't use it, but it looked decent. We stayed in a studio and it was fine for my husband and I, but it might be a bit crowded for 3 people. The candid pictures on this site are really acurrate. I tried to take some pictures on my phone, but there was no point in posting them because other people have taken great photos, especially of the breakfast area. One thing I haven't seen mentioned is the space where you sit down to eat. They have a couple of rooms with tables and chairs and they also have tv's in the rooms. There are also a lot of couches with coffee tables and tables by the windows to look out. Overall, it was a great place to stay and would definately stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>leftwing
<Content>Continues to be great This is the second time I stayed at the hotel. It continues to be a first-rate property: clean, comfortable, quiet, great and friendly service, excellent breakfast. The elevators are a bit slow, but it wasn't a hassle for us. Our room was small with the sofa bed open, but it didn't bother me.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Atwo
<Content>Nice Rooms, Great Breakfast, Good Location We stayed 3 nights at this new hotel close to Bryant Park on Sixth Avenue. Rooms were large and clean. Full-size fridge, microwave and sink all help to mitigate the cost of eating out too often and offer a refuge for left-overs from those times when you do indulge at a favorite restaurant. Great bedding which you can opt to have changed as often (or not) as you wish. I like this feature a lot since I don't change my sheets every day at home, why should I have them changed when I travel? A real waste of resources. Never heard a sound from the street or surrounding rooms. Elevators (4) were a bit slow so stay on a low floor if this is an issue for you. Access to floors above 4 is by room key only for security purposes. Lots of things close by -- Bryant Park, Times Square, good eateries, shopping on 5th Avenue, Empire State Building, Rockefeller Center, theatres, etc. Rates are very appealing for what you get. Breakfast was outstanding -- both hot and cold items and your choice of newspapers. This would be a good place to stay for business or leisure and, I hate to say this because it may spoil the quietness, but it's really good for kids. You can save quite a bit of your travel $$ here. I plan to stay here whenever we make our annual pilgrimage to Manhattan.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>brsilienne
<Content>Spacious and comfortable My husband and I chose this hotel due its location and because we wanted an extra space in the room for our 9 nights stay. The lounge area and the little kitchen are really helpful to make the stay like home. We bought food and beverages of the next deli.The location is great because the hotel is in the in the middle of the island, but it is not a very charming area (Upper East Side, Upper West Side and Soho are better areas).The room and the bathroom are very clean, excellent bed and sheets. Friendly and helpful staff.We will certainly stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>mbrThornhillOntario
<Content>Amazing Just returned from a 4 nite stay at the Residence Inn. It was amazing. Great staff and service. The room was a great size for 4 of us. Location was central to everything. Would not hesitate for one minute to return and we WILL!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>2007jojo
<Content>Great stay - Highly Recommended Spent 7 nights in this hotel late sept. chose it for location, room amenities and views mentioned on here. room 2506 didnt disappoint!!It was so great to have a lounge area in the room to rest the feet after a big day without having to lounge on the bed itself. the extra space made it feel like a small apartment. while I didnt cook it was really convenient to have the kitchen area and stock the fridge with cold drinks  snacks.The jar of complimentary sweets on the coffee table was a nice touch.The other travellers on here aren't lying when they say these beds are VERY comfortable - wow - amazing comfort and good quality sheets too.well sized complimentary soaps and toiletries, spotlessly clean room, great staff, wonderful views, self adjusting AC in the rooms.The only limitation I experienced was the complimentary internet access in the lobby. while i only needed to check emails the connection itself is very slow, making this a little laborious - but hey it was free and it did what it was meant to in the end.The complimentary breakfast is convenient, standard hotel buffet fare, served fresh and a decent selection.I would stay here next trip to NYC for sure. I can recommend this hotel's location and security to other solo travellers. as a solo female travelller I felt safe walking back to hotel late at night etc.choose this hotel  enjoy!  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mahalo5o
<Content>Great location, would highly recommend We visited New York at the end of August during the US Open.My husband and I chose this hotel because of the many great reviews on Trip Advisor - and it lived up to every expectation. We are accustomed to staying in high end hotels and we were aware that a Residence Inn wouldn't be classified as the same calibre as a JW Marriott, Westin or similar. However, we were extremely pleased with this hotel for the following reasons: it is in a great location - 3 blocks from Times Square, 4 blocks from Macy's and the Empire State Building, subway station within a 5 minute walk from the hotel and many deli's and stores located within a very short walking distance of the hotel. The FREE buffet breakfast was excellent. It included eggs, waffles, french toast, sausage, bacon, cereals, fresh fruit, bagels, muffins, croisants, coffee/tea/juice. Because food can be quite expensive in NY, the fact that this was included in the hotel price was very good value. They also offered a FREE light dinner each evening, but we only took advantage one night. I think they offer this because there is no full service restaurant or room service offered. We didn't mind at all though because if we wanted something late in the evening , there are 24-hour deli's 1/2 a block away. We wanted to be close to Times Square but not stay right in TS, so staying here was a good choice. TS is way too noisy with bright lights 24/7 - great to see it and enjoy it, but not so great when you're trying to sleep!The candid photos you see on people's reviews are accurate - our room looked like those shown. We thought the room was great - plenty of room for 2 people, very, very clean, smaller bathroom, but enough counter space and cupboards under the sink to store toiletries, the shower was fantastic and honestly the bed was amazing - best sleeps I've had in a long time. Mattress was comfortable and many pillows (foam and feather) to choose from. The free internet service was great - so it wasn't wirleless - well it was free and was very handy to have access at any time we needed. Again, most hotels charge for this - so the fact that it was included was good value. Fridge, sink and dishwasher were a bonus and while we didn't make any meals in our room, was great to have a fridge for bottled water etc... The elevators were fine for the most part - we waited 5 minutes at the most during the breakfast buffet hours. In the grand scheme of things, no big deal.We did alot of research before booking this hotel. Other hotels that are higher end had many poor and/or mixed reviews on trip advisor and this one had the most consistent positive reviews. We'll definitely be back at this hotel. It was a great experience!  
<Date>Sep 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>MilesandElla
<Content>Perfect 1st Anniversary My husband  I just got back from our first trip to NYC (Sept. 14-16). I've never written one of these reviews, but since we relied so heavily on TA to check out our options, I felt we should. We had originally booked the Comfort Inn Midtown ($239/nt), but kept checking other hotels hoping that prices would drop. We lucked in to a deal with the Residence Inn, which was great ($209/nt, king suite). I e-mailed the hotel to say it was our anniversary, and if possible could we have a room with a view. They responded right away to say they'd try to accommodate. We arrived at the hotel and they checked us in immediately (4 hrs early!). We were grateful that they put us on a high floor; corner room. We had a great view of all of 6th Avenue (Ave. of the Americas) from one window, and over to the Chrysler Bldg from the other side. The room itself wasn't very large, but I've heard that's usual for NY. It didn't matter; the room itself was nice and clean, and the bed was very comfy. The complimentary breakfast buffet is great -- take advantage!! We walked everywhere from our hotel, no problem. We had zero issues with the staff or our room. I don't know when we'll be back, but we'd definitely stay there again, especially if we could get another deal like this!! :o)  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>NewYorkerFlorida
<Content>Most UNCOMFORTABLE Sofa bed The King size bed, sheets and pillows were very comfortable, as advertised. HOWEVER, we had a third family member traveling with us who slept on the sofa bed. The sofa bed mattress was SO THIN AND UNCOMFORTABLE because you could feel the steel bars that supported the mattress. We complained to the hotel manager two days in a row. We asked if they could bring in a roll away bed or another more comfortable mattress. Rather than making sure that we were comfortable, their solution was to bring up an additional blanket to lay on top of the sofa bed's mattress instead of bringing up another substitute bed or mattress. We received a message from the hotel manager stating that they had no other sofas or mattresses and they could only supply us with an additional comforter which turned out to be a standard hotel blanket. For three nights our 6 Ft male guest had to sleep on the sofa ( because the sofa cushions were more comfortable than the sofa bed's mattress) rather than pull out the sofa bed mattress. The hotel is fine if travelling alone or as a couple. However, don't stay there if your family members will be sleeping on the sofa bed. Also, the sofa bed is located in the same square room as the king size bed. There is no partition separating the sofa area from the king size bed as in other suite hotels. There is only one SMALL bathroom in the room located right next to the king size bed. So there is absolutely no privacy. I am a loyal Marriott client and always stay at Marriott hotels. This hotel did NOT live up to the Marriott standard that I have come to know and expect. We would have been better off (and would have spent less money on the room) taking a room with two queen size beds in it.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	1	3	5	4	1	5	

<Author>coco40
<Content>Great for families We stayed here for 2 nights in August . Our party consisted of 2 adults and 2 children(6and 9 yrs). The location was excellent , situated near to Times Square but an amazingly quiet room for New York. We had phoned to request a view of the Empire State Building and we were given a room with a fabulous view. Our kids were so impressed!The hotel staff were all very friendly and helpful. The rooms were comfortable. The sofa bed for our children was fine, but for older children may be a little small and uncomfortable. We found the room really comfortable to come back to after a long day of sight seeing.The included breakfast was very good and both hot and cold items were available. Coffee and tea are available 24hrs.We had a weekend stay ,so did not sample the evening food available Mon - Thurs.The only problem we encountered was a very long wait for elevators - and I mean long -over 30 mins ! This occurred the first morning as everyone was rushing for breakfast. We didn't make the same mistake the next day.I will definately return to this hotel if we visit New York with our children, it is comfortable , clean and friendly.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Finicky_one
<Content>Decent stay but could have been better We were in NYC for the US Open for labor day weekend. We picked this hotel cuz there were three of us including a 17 year old and most hotels wouldn't allow all three of us to be in one room. We were tempted to try out the Embassy suites near Wall Street coz it was cheaper and roomier but decided to settle for the Marriott coz we have Elite membership and we get points. The location was a contributing factor for this decision as well. It was a bit tight especially when the pull out bed was open. Room was clean and they have a full size refrigerator in the room with ice maker. Bed is comfortable and the linens were top notch quality. Pull out bed was not bad either. Closet space is very limited. Safe in closet fits laptop. Free internet access in rooms not wi-fi though. We paid $330 per night and includes breakfast. Breakfast is pretty decent - eggs, sausage, waffles and all the other regular stuff. Location is great - close to theaters and 30 seconds from subway. Valet parking or nightly parking is $48 per night. If you take your car out during the day and check it back in, that's an extra $48. We were disappointed coz we asked for early check-in yet when we got there around 1 pm, the room was not ready. They said they would call when the room was ready but didn't. So we came back at 3:40 pm and they gave us the keys. Also we requested an extra hour for late check out - 12 noon instead of 11 am but they flat out refused. If they are that adamant about that then they should be able to accomodate early check-in - can't have it both ways. If it was just the two of us, we would rather stay at some place like Sofitel coz its definitely a cut above and cheaper.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	4	

<Author>jrrlc
<Content>Recommend it! We just came back from the Labor Day weekend in NY , where we stayed at the Residence Inn/Times Square. The room was above the average in NY, exactly as shown in the photos. It was clean, modern, comfortable, including the kitchenette. Bed was very comfortable. Included breakfast in the club floor. Location was great, four blocks to Macy's and Herald Square, a subway station around the corner, steps from Bryant Park and the Empire State Bldg. Definitely, we'll stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	-1	4	

<Author>JKPT
<Content>Two great stays Our family of five spent two consecutive weekends at this Residence Inn. (During the week in between we went to Philadelphia and Washington D.C.) It's getting hard these days to find a hotel that will allow our family of five ( 2 parents and children ages 6,8, and 10) to even stay in one room/suite together. On our first weekend here we stayed in a regular junior suite with a king size bed and a pull out sofa. It was a little tight, but everything was clean and beautiful, and we were grateful to be all together in one room. When we returned the next weekend, they told us they appreciated our business and upgraded us to a huge 2 bedroom suite for the same price. It was heaven!! Plus on both visits we were above the 30th floor with great views of the city. We will definitely go back!  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LannD
<Content>Great place to stay My husband and I stayed there over the weekend and had a suite on the 17th floor. It looked recently renovated. Towels were plush as was bedding. Walked to the trains to go to Yankee Stadium, lower Manahatten. Close to Times Square and the Empire State Building. 45th and Broadway is a half a mile away. Close to food both pubs and higher end fare. Staff was very friendly and helpful. Breakfast offered more options than I expected with eggs, yogurt, pastries, etc. We didn't encounter the issues others did. Would definitely stay there again!  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ptyler73
<Content>Saved our last week in NYC We were in the city for 10 days visiting colleges with my son. The first hotel we were at did not meet our expectations at all, so we moved to the Residence Inn on a Monday. I had called to make reservations the Sunday prior and had guaranteed a room with two beds for myself and my son, the room could not have been better. At the front desk they seemed fast and busy, we got checked in so promptly that I was still holding my credit card while walking into the room, which had just been opened by the bellman who was already setting up our luggage next to the closet. Great room size and great beds. The bathroom was also very spacious and our maid folded our clothes and put them in order every day, my son was so happy. Regardless of this out of the ordinary example, all in all, we found this hotel great. I paid less than 300 per night and the service was much better than expected. Dry cleaning ready within 6 hrs, though paying only for regular service. I cannot say enough, the first 2 nights in the city were not good, but finding the Residence Inn was more than a great deal, at least during summer in the city.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>sleepy510
<Content>Great location and friendly staff! Our family stayed at this hotel last week from August 14-18 and we had a wonderful experience. The staff went out of their way to help us with anything. The room was spotless and had the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in. We were on the 28th floor and had no trouble sleeping without any noise to be heard. The hotel is close to everything. Central Park about 15 minutes away, 8 minute walk to TImes Square, Empire State about 8-10 minutes away. Great shopping on 6th (Avenue of Americas) where the hotel is located and 34th (about a 5 minute walk). All in all I would stay in this hotel again. We had booked a suite but found that we didn't really use anything except the fridge for some milk. The breakfast was sufficient for us to start our day.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mookmet
<Content>Only if the price is right Was supposed to stay at the Marriott Courtyard Times square south, but was moved to the Residence which was a block away. Was told I would be upgraded to a suite, but was never given a reason for the move. Once at the Residence Inn the person at the desk looked at me incredulously when I told him I was promised a suite, he was like we only have minimal suites and I don't have you getting a suite in the computer. After some arguing back and forth he finally gave me a suite and seemed to want a tip for giving what I was promised, needless to say I didn't give him one. Once in the room I noticed immediately that the walls are paper thin, could easily hear everything being said in the room next door. The hotel was newly renovated, although everything seemed cheap, the faucet in the shower was already coming off of the wall. I didn't bother with the breakfast, and after reading some of the reviews on this site I was glad I skipped it. I would only stay there again if it was substantially lower priced than other hotels in the area.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	1	2	-1	

<Author>beeg
<Content>RIGHT IN THE MIDDLE OF THE FUN We stayed three nights at the Marriott in Times and would highly reccommend it. The location is close to everything. We were able to walk to Rockfeller Center, Empire State Building and Broadway. The conceige services were helpful and know the area. We were on the 15th floor and the noise was not a problem, you couldn't hear the crowds outside. Everyone was courteous and the rooms clean.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PH2006
<Content>Would stay there again. Very nice, comfortable and clean room. Convenient location. Good breakfast. Absolutely recommendable. Definitely would stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>hocksvac
<Content>Fab first time in NYC       Bryant Park's night sky  
<Date>Jul 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pmcojm
<Content>Nice but a little tight for four My family of four--two parents with a ten-year-old boy and fourteen-year-old girl--enjoyed our three night stay at the Residence Inn Manhattan, but the room was a little small for the four of us. In all fairness to the hotel, the hotel reservation system indicates the room accomdates three people, and I do think that three people would be perfectly comfortable here. They do not have roll-away beds here, and our kids do not want to sleep together in the sofa bed (the mattress of which was ok, not the best). My son was happy to sleep on the floop with linens that the hotel provided, but it made the room very cramped, with the sofabed open, and the extra sleeping area made up on the floor. There is only one small closet and a very small dresser, so there is not much room for luggage. On the plus side, the bed in the room was super comfortable and our room, on the 24th floor, was very quiet, with almost no street noise. The morning breakfast was great, with lots of selections--eggs, bacon and sausage, waffles, oatmeal, pastries, muffins, cereal, fruit, yogurt, granola, juices, coffee, and more. This is a huge money saver in New York and a quick way to start your morning. The staff at the hotel were very friendly, there was always a cab right out front, and several subway stops are within one block. We would stay here again if the price was right and we could not get a comparable rate at a hotel with a more spacious room.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dia**dev
<Content>Nice hotel in a great, central location This is a nice hotel in a great, central location. This was our first visit to New York City and we stayed 7 nghts during the week of July 4. Our room, on the 16th floor, was a little smaller than we are normally used to, but was what we expected from the reviews and was more than adequate for our needs. I thought the room was well appointed and had a nice, contemporary feel and was very quiet. The bed was VERY comfortable and had 8 pillows. This is the first time I have ever been in a hotel that I didn't have to call for extra pillows. If you enter the website from the confirmation, you can make requests prior to your arrival. The room cleanliness was excellent. The daily breakfast, which was the same every day, had a good selection of breakfast foods. An added bonus was the complimentary light supper served Monday -Thursday. The hotel staff was very friendly and accomodating and made us feel welcome and happy to be of service. The 3rd floor lounge area offered 24 hour coffee and tea and had a selection of books to borrow during the stay. The hotel location was excellent for our vacation because it was central to so much of what we wanted to see and do. We were close to 2 subway stations and about 2-3 blocks from Times Square. Once we were here, I was happy to be a bit away from the craziness of Times Square. I would definately recommend this property to others and would book again if I return to Manhatten.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>blmarlin
<Content>Staff is wonderful!!! My wife and I stayed at this hotel back in December for 3 nights. A great location if you're there to see the city at Christmas time. The room was very good size for a New York hotel room and defintely classier than what you typically see at a Residence Inn. The staff was unbelievably polite and helpful. I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>StacyandScottE
<Content>LOVED it! What a hotel! Great location, fantastic service and second to none! We have stayed at this hotel on two seperate trips to NYC. It is so close to everything and has a great breakfast, laundry room (in which they provide the laundry soap AND dryer sheets), and the most friendly staff around. You can not go wrong with booking to stay at this hotel. It is simply fabulous!!  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dfly
<Content>they were wonderful the folks at the hotel were absolutely great. my mom made a couple of requests that were immediately taken care of. they were also polite and friendly. everything was clean and the bed linens were very nice.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>vjdantone
<Content>A Very Nice Property This Marriott property is a very nice surprise and addition in mid-town Manhattan. Located at 6th Ave and W 39th St, it's just enough away from the Times Square whoop-de-do, but near enough to easily walk to most theaters in the area. It's a great place to use as a base for touring and shopping. The staff has been well schooled in the Marriott way, and that you feel welcome from the moment you arrive. Security at the hotel is excellent as well. One bonus is the daily breakfast - a definite time (and money) saver in a city where every moment (and dollar) counts. It's actually quite substantial and good (hint to staff - try to get some fresh fruit and not the canned stuff!)All in all, a welcome hotel to stay and one to which I'll return.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>alisa110
<Content>A great stay in New York       Night view from room  
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>JackS60
<Content>Awesome Great hotel, great breakfast. My first time in NYC. This hotel was so close to everything. About 2 blocks from TS, but easy ,safe walk. 5 minute cab ride to the Village. Conceirge was great set us up on the double decker bus tour (which I recommend). No issue with elevators as others on here have stated. Would stay there again next trip!  
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BlueKryptonian5
<Content>Great place to stay while exploring NYC My wife and I spent our first visit to NYC at the Residence Inn Times Square. Great place to stay while exploring NYC. Easy to get anywhere in Manhattan from there. Breakfast was OK, but they kept running out of food, and what there was had a definite freeze-dried quality. Other than the breakfast, the place was great, well maintained  secure. I'd definitely stay there again, but eat out for breakfast.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Kamakanoe
<Content>Excellent location, nice big room and free food. Just got home from a 6 night stay at the Residence Inn NYC. The best thing about this hotel is the location! There is a subway stop right across the street from the hotel (B-D-F-V) or you can walk one block over to Broadway and 2 blocks up towards Time Square for another subway stop (1-2-3-N-R-Q). We also used the bus to get to the Convention Center which picked up on 42nd street and got us there in just 15 minutes. Bryant Park was full of activities including an early morning concert for Good Morning America. While its not right in Times Square, its close enough to walk and far enough away to not make you feel like a total tourist. The rooms were spacious, much larger then a standard NYC hotel room, but not as big as the old JW Marriott on 56th street(no longer in the Marriott family). Only one complaint, our room was not cleaned one day which was irritating after being out all day long, but after letting the FD know, the room was cleaned first thing each morning. The breakfast served on the 3rd floor was plentiful with both hot and cold breakfast foods offered, and M-Th the hotel offers evening social hour with either soup and salad (4 different soups to choose from and a nice salad bar selection) or a main entree item. A calendar is posted in every room to let you know whats on the menu.Staff at the hotel were friendly and welcoming everytime we walked thru the lobby and free internet access is available at the conciergedesk if you dont mind standing up while you use it. The 3rd floor offers a bar in the evening, but there are also severalplaces to sit and meet with friends at any time of the day or night. One night a group of friends brought over a few bottles of wine and some snacks and we sat around on the 3rd floor near the TV talking and enjoying each others company. It was comfortable, relaxing and saved us a lot of money in an area bar or nightclub and we didnt haveto spend the entire evening shouting over the noise.The next time we are back in NYC, we will be sure to book our reservations at the Residence Inn!  
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>upstategal
<Content>Great place - great price! My 2 daughters (ages 25 and 21) and I stayed here the first weekend in June. I had previously e-mailed the hotel to request early check in and when we arrived our room was ready for us! (about 5 hours before check-in time!) Front desk staff was very friendly and cordial. Very nice room - queen bed with tons of pillows on it to choose from, sofa(bed) and chair, small desk/dining table with seating for 2 and kitchen. Very large room for NY. We stayed on the 7th floor (of 34) and had a view of the hotel next door out the window. It really didn't matter though as we were really only in the room long enough to drop off packages and go out shopping some more, shower and change clothes before dinner and then sleep there! Bathroom was small but shower had a wonderful large showerhead! Hotel is close to subways at 34th/6th and also at 42nd/6th. Taxi right outside the door of hotel.We did have one slight problem while we were there - arrived back at hotel at 11:45pm - exhausted since we had been up since 5:45am and had probably walked about 8 miles that day! Got into bed and the fire alarm went off at the hotel. Management came on and said they were investigating and to stay tuned for further announcements. They made update announcements every 10 minutes for the next hour, including telling everyone that the elevators could not be used due to the electrical problem I was glad we were already in our room and didn't have to take the stairs up to our room. I wouldn't have wanted to be a person staying on the 34th floor and have to walk all the way up due to the emergency! Never did have to evacuate the building and finally around 1am they said everything was back to normal! So we could finally get to sleep.Breakfast was included in the price of the suite and it was a very good breakfast! Scrambled eggs, French toast, waffles, sausage, fruits, yogurt, pastries and loads of juices, teas and coffees to choose from. Very delicious!They will hold your bags if you are flying out later in the day. Overall a very nice hotel for the price in the heart of NYC. I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>nysteel
<Content>What a find!!! I stayed at this property Memorial Day weekend with my three children. Usually I try to stay at the Hotel Casablanca, but they were sold out. Although I love The Casablanca, this Residence Inn runs a very close second (overall value, cost of room, - it may be better). Great location...four blocks from Times Square.The staff greeted us with open arms and was exteremely helpful with everything. They gave us a beautiful room with a fantastic view of The Empire State Building. By NYC standards, the room was HUGE. Upon entering the room, you will find a nice sized, clean kitchenette. Comfortable living room, with pull out bed and 32 flat screen tv was attached to the kitchenette. Beautiful large bedroom, with extremely comfortable king size bed...lots of pillows.I have stayed at numerous Residence Inns before, and ususually you can grab an okay breakfast...not here. They had a wonderful, complimetary b'fast. Pleant of hot food choices, cereals, breads, bagels, donuts, etc. This was all on the third floor, which also has a billiard room and cozy bar - not your standard hotel bar.I would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nanap
<Content>Couldn't be happier with our stay Just returned from our stay at this hotel. Can't say enough about how great everything was. My daughter, her baby, and I (Mom) stayed in one room with my daughter-in-law, her baby, and 10 year old daughter in the room next to us. It was very clean, comfortable, quiet, and in an excellent location. The staff was very friendly and always greeted us when we were coming and going. Fasted elevators I've ever been on in NYC. It was nice to be close to everything without having to stay right in Times Square. We all commented over and over how pleased we were with the location, the friendly staff, the size and comfort of the rooms, and most importantly; the cleanliness.  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mrbinder
<Content>Great hotel Great stay at this hotel. Great location. Block off of the craziness of Times Square but close enough to get there whenever you want. Staff at the hotel was wonderful and very nice. We had to get an emergency doctor appointment and the hotel took care of everything. They recommended a doctor and made an appointment. Great overall experience. Would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Mainers
<Content>Wonderful Stay Just returned from a trip to NYC. We have stayed at many Residence Inns, and this was one of our favorites. Altho studio room was a little smaller than the 1 bdrm we usually reserve, it was still roomy by NYC standards. Bed was incredibly comfortable, room was clean and well appointed and bath had 2 shower heads. Breakfast area (on 3rd floor) was by far the nicest of any of the Res Inns we've stayed at. It had separate rooms, comfortable chairs, some of which were upholstered, and was more spacious than any of the others. Breakfast buffet was kept very clean, and food was replenished before it got too low. This area just had a more welcoming, upscale feel to it; some others have been crowded and felt very rushed. Also had bar/lounge area, but we did not get the chance to visit it. Hotel is not in heart of Times Square, but within an easy walk, as is whole theater district, Rockerfeller Ctr, Empire State Bldg. Bryant Park is less than a blk away. We were on the 17th floor, and could not hear any outside noise. We did have problem with tv, but only turned it on at night after we were in bed, so did not want to have someone sent to room at that time of night to fix it. Would also be nice to have magnifying mirror in bathrm. But, would not hesitate to recommend this hotel.  
<Date>May 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>vegaschick
<Content>Great location - great stay We have just got back from a great stay at the RI. The location was great - so much closer to everything than we realised. ESB, TOTR, Macy's and Central Park are all within walking distance. We had a view room which was much larger than most hotel rooms we have stayed in - we could see the ESB, TOTR  Chrysler Building. The separate seating area and kitchen was great. The freezer made its own ice cubes so no need to go out for ice even! The first night we ordered a takeaway and it was great to be able to use real cutlery  plates - the hotel recommendation of tchinese akeaway was good. The maid even fills the dishwasher for you... The bed was so comfortable with a choice of pillows. We were never bothered by noise outside so had a great nights sleep which is welcome when shattered from miles of walking. The free breakfast (yes I know it's included in the room price) was great - cooked, cereals, fruit  waffles  baked goods along with lots of juices and coffee  tea. Tea  coffee is available free 24hrs on the lounge area. There was a free evening snack Mon-Fri which was salad  soup the weekday we were there. We didn use the facility so can really comment, but if you want a snack before a late dinner sounds ideal. All the staff we met were so friendly  helpful - we can fault the service at all. Others have mentioned slow lifts ?we didn encounter any problems. Maybe we didn use them at peak times though. We were out early and back late! We would love to go back to NYC and see all those things we didn have time to visit this time. We will definitely going back to the RI when we do.  
<Date>May 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>waterford5301
<Content>Above Avgerage and Reasonable Prices               More photos  
<Date>May 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SalemSassygirl
<Content>Favorite NYC hotel! My family and I stayed here just last month and had an amazing trip! We love NYC and visit at least once a year - this time was our first visit to this hotel and it will be the only hotel for us in the future. It was perfect for our family with 2 small children. The rooms were plush and the beds were absolutely amazing. Even though it was perfect for the kids, my husband and I loved it too! The staff throughout our stay was fantastic - always willing to help and super friendly. The free breakfast was a definite perk and if you have time you should definitely check out the bar on the 3rd floor. We will definitely be back next year!  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Globetrotter55
<Content>Loved this hotel!! When you are paying new york hotel prices it is wonderful to find a hotel that you feel is value for the money! the location is ideal especially for shopping! The rooms are spacious well equipped and nicely decorated. A little bit of a wait for the elevators around breakfast in the morning but other than that is was a very pleasant experience  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	3	

<Author>navigatornick
<Content>Great location Stayed here 2 nights early May 2007. The rooms are a good size, clean and are, in fact, studios with a kitchen complete with microwave, fridge/freezer etc. I found it very comfortable and the location is excellent - right between Time Square and The Empire State building.All the staff were very helpful and friendly. They serve an amazing complimentary breakfast - all self-service (make your own waffles plus all the rest). I was told that they also serve complimentary dinner though I ate out both nights I was there.Only downsides for me were the view - I was on 16th floor of 36 or so - try to get high! Also the free internet in my room kept cutting out and I had to reboot the box every 5 minutes - but colleagues didn't have the prob so maybe just my room.I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>May 4, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	3	5	5	2	

<Author>lovelymissle
<Content>Not so Pet Friendly I travel for work over 300 nights a year and travel with a very small dog. Residence Inn hotels allow pets for a small fee. I had a great room on a top floor with a view of the empire state building. Till they knocked on my door in the middle of the night and asked me to move! I was very upset at the fact I had been back from work for several hours and they waited till the middle of the night to move me because of my dog. If you stay here with a dog beware you'll get treated differently even if your a platium member. Not so pet friendly like they advertise.  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RickKrauseBoston
<Content>Good stay Normally something motivates me to write a review, either something really good or something really bad. My experience at the Residence Inn was I guess overall just a good stay.Location: Very convenient location but not a particularly great area. Located on a very busy street. Duane's Phamacy is around the block, they sell everything (water, snacks, etc...).Hotel: Decent lobby. Plenty of elevators. Average fitness center, no windows! Overall very clean hotel. Cool lounge area too.Check-in: Fast check-in.Room: Good, clean, quiet room. Nice comfortable bed, small bathroom, nice shower head. The room had a funny smell to it which I later narrowed down to some of the pillows, weird pet-like smell on a few of them, I love dogs but I found this pretty disgusting. Free bag of Smartfood, yahoo! Wait, that was free wasn't it? Flaky cabling on the flatscreen TV causing the picture and sound to be intermittent but I was able to fix this by futzing around with the cables. Interesting choice of artwork, basically paintings of exactly what you would see if you opened the curtains: old gloomy buildings.Staff: Friendly, competent staff. The girl at the desk was very helpful in recommending a restaurant (Jack's) which was fantastic. I forgot my razor and called the front desk, they said the would have housekeeping bring one up which never happened during the 1/2 in which I was getting ready.Overall this is a good hotel, I found the Marriott Marquis to be a much better place to stay though.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Mar7018
<Content>Great For Families We stayed a week in early April and were very happy with the hotel. There was enough room for two adults and two teenagers. We really liked the breakfast, there was a good selection and the dining area was very warm and relaxing. There was a huge T.V. with the morning news in the dining area and free copies of The New York Times also the seating area was plush. This hotel is in a great spot, walking distance to most everything and the subway entrance is a block away. We asked for a low floor because we had read that the elevators are very crowded around breakfast time and a lot of time is wasted waiting for the elevator. By staying on the 7th floor we were able to use the stairs.There is a great deli one block away on 40th Street across from Bryant Park that has great deli food and fresh fruits and vegetables.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>ria1234
<Content>Excellent location This hotel's location is great-in Midtown, close to everything. We had a great view of the Empire State Bld from our room on the 33th floor. The suite was smaller than other Residence Inns I've stayed in, but adequate, as was the free breakfast. The staff is friendly, esp Sergio at the front desk. It's also safe, strangers can't get to the higher floors.I'll stay here again on my next visit to NY.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>minijeanie
<Content>Fantastic time with 8 friends Loved Loved Loved the Residence Inn!!!Each year myself and 7 of my good friends hike on it NYC to spend the weekend. Last year we were at the Rhiga which is now the New London. we would of stayed there again but the rate was crazy and I got bad reviews on the New London. Got a almost unheard of rate which I snagged the last week before we went. Believe it was $189....Originally I was paying $259 a nite which still is not bad for NYC.We all went in by limo and checked in around 4:00 pm on a Friday. We booked 3 rooms. They were on the same floor. Hotel is not all that big so easy to get around. Rooms were extremely clean however they are relatively smaller than most residence inns.Staff are wonderful. We had an incident whereby our neighbor next door to us called security saying we were slamming doors.Now I am a 50 yr old woman who might have closed the door twice to visit our friends 2 doors away.Once the security men came to the room and took a look at all of us they just laughed. They became our friends for the weekend.Breakfast is normal...nothing great but free and it sure beats leaving the hotel in the middle of January to find a cup of coffee.We had brought in some snacks and obviously our own libations. It was wonderful to have the fridge and sink.Once in the city we took in a show, did a tour and went to the restaurant One if by Land Two if by Sea. Highly recommend it. We did this during restaurant week so prices were cheaper.On Sunday we trekked on down to Chinatown, shopped around a little and wound up eating in Little Italy. Although lately Little Italy is a true name...it is almost gone. This is so sad. But we all had wonderful meals.I would also recommend eating there as well.So for next year we all took a vote and once again we are going back to the Residence.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	3	5	3	

<Author>Maccbean
<Content>Fantastic view from the 34th Floor We were lucky enough to stay here free using Marriott points. Reception staff were very friendly. Upgraded to king size on our arrival, we had a room on the very top floor. The view was fantastic and overlooked the empire state building, The room was a good size and the bed very comfortable. Only odd thing was when I wanted to make a cup of tea, there were saucepans in the cupboard, but no hob! Managed to boil water in the huge microwave so even got my daily cuppa. The free buffet breakfast had a good choice of items. Overall an excellent hotel, and I would definitely stay again when visiting New York.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>BordeauxAnn
<Content>Wonderful place Our stay in New York (first time for me) was a 100% success partly thanks to our stay at the Residence Inn. The room was spacious, with a very confortable bad, and a kitchen. The price, 209 $, is totally justified by the general quality of the place, by the fact that you can eat in the room, and by the included breakfast. We were on the 21rst floor and enjoyed a nice view. A few minutes walk from Times Square, it is perfectly situated for a discovery of Manhattan. My husband and I can warmly recommend the Residence Inn. We booked therebecause of the overall great reviews found on this website!! And we have no regrets...  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>librarian
<Content>The staff were superb but... When we booked this hotel 6 months ago we requested a high floor room with a view of the Empire State Building as we were celebrating our birthdays. We also telephoned the hotel to confirm our request. A few days before departure the hotel sent us an email asking if we had any special requests, we confirmed our original request. On arrival we were given a low floor room with a view of a wall ! The mirrored wardrobe doors were broken and wouldn't slide.When we reminded them of our request we were given the only room they said was available which was a disabled room on the 14th floor. Although we had a partial view of the Empire State the room was still very noisy from around 5am when the traffic would start ( I might add that I can sleep through almost anything). The only mirror in the room was above the handbasin in the bathroom therefore it was impossible to check how we looked before going out. If anyone using the room was confined to a wheelchair they would not be able to use the mirror at all. The air con / heating system was incredibly noisy, not something you could utilise during the night. I dread to think what it would be like to stay here during a New York summer.Saying this, the staff on duty were lovely and friendly. The breakfasts were OK, nothing special really ,but hey, they are free. We did try the free evening snack on the Monday, a lasagne, and found it pretty disgusting. I think for the money I would choose another hotel such as the Sofitel.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	4	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>rachel79
<Content>Fantastic hotel in a fantastic location       Living area  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>izlo
<Content>perfect hotel for family       Blick auf das Empire State Building  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>victoria50
<Content>Stay elsewhere I travel to New York several times a year and this was my first stay at this property. While the rooms were fairly nice, there is NO, and I repeat, NO service at this hotel. Due to problems with my reservation initially, I had been promised by a Marriott customer service representative that I would get the corner suite I requested. Once we got to the property, I was told that everyone who had a corner suite had extended their stay, so no rooms of that type were available. (yeah, right- everyone in a corner suite had extended their stay) Before my arrival, I had received an email asking if there was anything extra I'd like to have in our room once we checked in. I replied requesting extra towels, and pillows. Of course, none of this was in our room when we checked in, so I called housekeeping at 4:30 p.m. and requested them again. By 10:30 that night, when we still didn't have them, I called down to the desk again. After an hour, my daughter went down to the front desk where she was told that they usually just ignore these requests since people don't realize that they already have a few extra towels and pillows in the room!! There is no concierge readily available here, and no doormen. Both times we had them hold our luggage, (at check-in and check-out), they either couldn't find our luggage or gave us the wrong ones! Finally my husband had to go into the storage area and find our bags. Stay at the Sofitel instead. For the same price you'll get a nicer property and people who will be there to provide service!  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	3	4	2	1	3	

<Author>JGMotek
<Content>Perfect NY Hotel I cannot say enough positive things about this hotel. It's very new so you don't get the usual feeling that roaches might be sharing your accommodation like you do in other reasonably priced Midtown locations. The staff was friendly, the room was remarkably quiet, and you absolutely cannot beat its location. The incredibly large room for Manhattan includes a sofa and desk, and a kitchen complete with full-sized fridge, microwave, crockpot, dishes, etc. I can't disagree with other reviewers who said that the bathroom is small but I've had much worse and never felt like a contortionist when using it, nor did we find it particularly dark. We didn't go to the food buffets so I can't speak to them.Our only very minor quibble is that the Internet connection is somewhat flaky - we never were able to connect our wireless router properly (and my husband is an uber geek) and the connection was not totally reliable. But that is an extremely minor point in an otherwise fantastic stay. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>hubert
<Content>Great stay! Great hotel. Nice room. Nice view. Thickest towels ever. Hot shower. Great bed! Very nice breakfast for a complimentary breakfast. Very nice location. Very friendy and cooperative concierge.Very friendly housekeeping ladies. The rest of the staff is friendly but not THAT friendly. They are correct. The hotel would be perfect if they were as friendly as the housekeeping is.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>tommydcanada
<Content>Perfectly perfect stay! Wow. Everything about this hotel is just about perfect. Check-in went very smootly and quickly. In fact, so did check out. Never have I had such a pleasant front desk experience at a Manhattan hotel. Manhattan hotels are famous for their long lines at check in and checkout. Not here. I was the only person at the front desk at both times.My room was huge by NY standards. I had a corner room on the 23rd floor, overlooking 6th Ave. with a great view of the Empire State building. The bed was the usual great Marriott bed with a big fluffy comforter, soft sheets and lots of pillows....perfect for a good night's sleep. It also helped that this hotel has excellent sound proofing. I heard not a peep from the adjacent rooms or any street noise from outside. The kitchenette was a nice thing to have, if only for the refrigerator. The breakfast room was very nice and welcoming. There was a fireplace, lots of newspapers and plenty of tables. I only had a bagel and cream cheese, but the other breakfast selections on the buffet looked pretty good.I was lucky enough to be in New York at a time when room rates were fairly low at this hotel ($207 per night). For this price this place can't be beat. I would definitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>tahiti05
<Content>Very comfortable affordable stay My husband and I stayed here for 3 days over president's day weekend and had a nice time. The hotel is new and very clean and the room we got (studio king) was very spacious compared to usual NYC rooms. The bed was oh so comfortable and they provide you with tons of pillows of varying softness. Although we didn't cook there, it was still nice to have a little kitchenette with a big fridge and microwave to store drinks and heat up snacks. We didn't eat the free breakfast at the hotel so can't comment on that but it's nice that it was complimentary. The front desk was extremely friendly and check-in was a breeze. They have an express check-out system so that was quick too. We booked direct on marriott.com and thought the rate of $200/night was very reasonable for the room size and quality. The location is perfect also, 2 blocks from times sq. and 1 block from the subway station (bryant park). It was quiet at night (not like times sq. hotels) but still close to everything. There were cabs waiting outside the hotel at all times, no need to flag any down. We'd come back and stay here again without hesitation.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SeminarTrekker
<Content>One of the Best Residence Inns       View of the Kitchenette  
<Date>Feb 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jennypen
<Content>so happily surprised! we just stayed at the Residence Time Square last weekend.I was so impressed. it was a lot less expensive than the Marriott's near by and yet I liked it just as much, if not more. the room is big. it has a little sitting area. breakfast was included and it was good. So inexpensive for NYC. great value.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bakasyon
<Content>Great hotel...big rooms!               
<Date>Jan 18, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>brooke_cristina
<Content>Best deal in NY My mom and I stayed at this hotel in Nov/Dec. We selected the hotel because 1) we could redeem points there and 2) it was centrally located. We didn't so much research and were pleasantly surprised at what a great hotel it is. I usually stay outside the city so I thought the room was more of an average size, but my mom said it was huge for NY. The hotel is fairly new and I loved the decor and feel of the lobby, rooms, and 3rd floor lounge. The staff was extremely helpful. The food (breakfast and h'orsdevoures- which could be dinner) was very good. The walk to Times Square was much quicker than we expected and there is a subway stop just a block up the street. The internet didn't always work. When the I.T. guy on staff wasn't able to fix the internet one night I received a call from someone at the front desk who looked up everything I wanted to know and gave me tips on restaurants and things to do. (there are also computers you can use in the lobby but I was already in my pj's). We will definitely stay here next time we're in NY- even if we're paying instead of redeeming points!  
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>frank2007
<Content>Good spacious rooms We stayed at the hotel for a special occasion in Dec. The place is good value for money. Big rooms with kitchenette, comfortable beds with a dozen pillows. Very clean. A no-frills hotel, mainly frequented by US tourists and business people. Would recommend to stay there any time. Beware however of the exorbitant phone rates. They charged us something like 12 dollars per minute to Europe and even more than that to Asia. Better not to touch the hotel phone....  
<Date>Jan 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	3	2	

<Author>HaagseBluf
<Content>A great place to stay!!       Sunrise  
<Date>Jan 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TnChik
<Content>My first trip to the city A friend and I stayed from Dec. 7-10 for a little shopping and nightlife. We couldn't have picked a better location. The staff were marvelous and the rooms were spacious enough. Loved the bed! Could have used more bathroom space as two females competing for dressing and makeup space. I absolutely would recommend this hotel for first or fifieth visitors to the city. Kudos to the security staff and Juan who hailed a cab for me on a busy Saturday night. I am definitely a return customer.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>xokrisox33
<Content>Superb       bathroom  
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chrisandy
<Content>Residence Inn - was Okay but..... The staff was great and helpful, however all the reviews about the elevators were correct - it literally took you 15 minutes to get up and down the elevators during the breakfast rush or check out time.Need to plan your day before 8:00 am or after 11:00 pm in order to avoid the long wait. The free buffet was very good but the staff was so minimal you had to wait 5-10 minutes for them to refill the hot food items during breakfast or evening appetizers. But cant complain since it is free.We checked out of this hotel 3 days earlier than planned and went to another hotel for the rest of our 9 day stay in NY  
<Date>Jan 4, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	3	3	4	3	3	

<Author>TAmember10
<Content>OK, especially for families       King bedroom  
<Date>Jan 1, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	4	4	4	2	

<Author>terrya
<Content>Christmas 2006 in NY We stayed for Christmas Week 2006 with an average of $264 per night. The location is perfect situated between times square area and madison square garden area. It's a block from the subway and down the street from Bryant Park.The breakfast is more than adequate and a very good value but don't expect any variety. Hot eggs, potatoes, sausage patty, pancakes/waffles, juices, pastries and fruit. On Mon-Thurs there's even a dinner served which we didn't eat but hey another bonus.We had a corner suite which is great for a couple and up to 1 child. The bed was great! The service outstanding! Although do bring ear plugs for noises outside because afterall it is New York. We had a nice hot shower every morning, everything was in working order and Tom the doorman/security was great!You can't go wrong with this choice because I researched and after being there, it was the right decision.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>aaron-j
<Content>Terrific location, excellent service We stayed at this hotel for the Thanksgiving weekend. It was great. As others have mentioned, the elevator service was slow at peak times, otherwise everything was terrific. Our room was on the 14th floor with a nice view to the southeast looking at the Empire State Building. It was my first time in NYC, so this was a neat thing. The room was very clean and looked brand new. The staff was very prompt with any request and were very friendly. The bed was very comfortable for a hotel bed and there were enough extra covers to satisfy my wife's cold feet.The concierge service (I think his name was Damon) was friendly and knowlegable. He got us some nice show tix on short notice and good advice on getting to Battery Park early to go out to the Statue of Liberty. Saved us what looked to be an VERY long queue line. They have a PC at the desk which guests can use to get on the 'net for things like online check in with the airlines. We used this and carried on our luggage which made for a quick trip through the airport to our gate. The hotel was literally one block off of Broadway so we walked the very short distance to see the Macy's parade. Later we had Thanksgiving dinner reservations at Keene's Steakhouse which turned out to be just three bocks south along 6th Ave. We walked to Times Square, 5th Ave shopping and Rockefeller Center. The hotel is ideally located for doing all of the fun NYC touristy things we planned. And, if you like a morning Starbucks like my wife and I, there are at least four of them within a couple blocks. The nearest one was one block west and 1/2 block south on Broadway. The complimentary breakfast was quite good, but very busy. Of course, the hotel was at capacity for the holiday.This is a great hotel. It was not cheap, but we felt it was money well spent. Will definitely stay there again. What a great trip!  
<Date>Dec 30, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mamaj7283
<Content>More room than most This is a nice place with decent sized rooms in the middle of Manhattan! My husband and I took our 2 kids and stayed for one night for less than $350- we had a fridge, a counter with bar stools and complimentary snacks and drinks in the evening (as well as free hot breakfast). While the food was nothing to rave about, all of us were able to find something that we liked. (The kids had chocolate ice cream at the complimentary happy hour before we went out to dinner- a rare treat for them!) We also had a front row view of the Empire State Building. We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bk007
<Content>Best value in Manhattan! We have stayed at several hotels in Manhattan in this price range and the Residence Inn Manhattan-Times Square is without question the absolute best we have experienced! For the price, you will not find better in this city. We stayed over Xmas '06 and the entire stay was superb! We will definitely be back!  
<Date>Dec 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sammypd
<Content>Exceptional for the Money and Location My husband and I went to NYC for the first time this December 22-24. We booked this hotel based on trip advisor reviews. Although it got great reviews, we were expecting a small room that was just a place to sleep. We were pleasantly suprised, however, by the size, quality and details in the room: stainless steel appliances (fridge, dishwasher and microwave), flat screen TV, and rainfall shower head. The bed was really comfortable as well, and there was a great view from our window overlooking Bryant Park on the 26th floor. The breakfast buffet was OK, good selection, midiocre food quality, but what do you expect, it's free. A staff member at the front desk, Joseph, helped us carry luggage to our car in the parking garage after we checked out so that we could do some last minute sightseeing, and was very polite. The only downsides to this hotel were things that they were most likely not able to help, and are probably univeral problems in NYC hotels: long lines/waits for the elevators (especially during breakfast between 9-10 AM), crowded breakfast buffett, and a lot of kids. I would say that it was overall a great experience.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lakebrats
<Content>you must read this review!!!!!!!!! IF YOU DONT STAY HERE YOU WILL BE SORRY!! This is the best hotel in new york hands down! you are only 2 blocks from Macys and about 3 from times square. You cant beat the price and the rooms and beds are devine! The Hotel staff are by far the nicest and most accomadating ever! Joe in concierge is incredible with many helpful hints on dining. And my man Tony Rocks!!! please dont pay the prices to stay in Times Square. IT is too noisy to busy and frankly a litttle dirty and sleezy. dont get me wrong you must walk down and see it but thats about it! this hote has the best free breakfast one can ask for a plus for families! O.K. last but not least please go to Lazzaras around the corner from this hotel for the best Pizza ever. AND FOR A TRUE NEW YORK EXPERIENCE GO ON A FAMOUS FAT DAVES EATING TOUR!!HE WILL TAKE YOU PLACES YOU'D NEVER SEE ON YOUR OWN!!!You can google him famous fat daves. com  
<Date>Dec 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>blpeter
<Content>Great Place to Stay My daughter and I stayed at this property the weekend of December 8th to do Christmas shopping. This place is wonderful. The hotel staff is superb (very helpful). We've stayed at many hotels throughout the NYC area (upper manhattan, times square, Soho, etc)., by far this property is the best. Don't let the prices fool you. The hotel is located within walking distance to major shopping (Macy's, Lord  Taylor, HM, ) and Bryant Park. The room was emmaculate, Granite counter tops, stainless applicances (microwave and fridge). Wonderful bed, flat screen TV. Don't pass the propery up!!!  
<Date>Dec 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SusanSwartz
<Content>Great Location with all the amenities for a good night's sleep! Our group, 2 moms and 2 teen-aged daughters, stayed in this hotel for 3 nights the week of Thanksgiving. The hotel is very clean and modern. I have never stayed in a hotel in NYC that I didn't hear horns and cars all night long. I did not hear anything at this hotel, it was amazing! It is extremely quiet and the bed was heaven! The two girls said the couch sleeper sofa was not the greatest, but they seemed to sleep fine. It is about the size of a double, not queen. The elevators work fast, the free breakfast in the morning is plentiful and high quality. The free dinner was awesome too. We ate there one night so that we could go have dessert at Serendipity later that night. The room was a little crowded for 4 women. The sink and toilet are in the same room as the shower, so prep time in the morning was a little slow. If you use the mirrors on the closet door, and if someone else takes a portable make up mirror, that helps. We used the sink in the kitchen to brush our teeth and the plugs next to the bed and closet mirrors to fix our hair! There are no luggage stands and finding room for all the bags was a challenge! The rooms are a good size for NYC standards, but small for other cities. The location is a short walk from Times Square, and one block to a subway stop. But all in all, we loved the hotel and would definitely stay there again!  
<Date>Nov 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>atlanta111
<Content>Great Value, New Hotel, Good Location, Clean       Hotel Lobby  
<Date>Nov 20, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mitsumi
<Content>Excelent Hotel !!       Room Picture  
<Date>Nov 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>mwhalen
<Content>Fantastic Time We stayed here for 3 nights and absolutely loved it. I don't care what you read anywhere else here, the staff was terrific, the room was clean and they had 4-5 HUGE security guards onsite at all times in plain view. The area is perfect -- it is perfectly safe. Just a few short blocks from Times Square. We had a room on the 30th Floor and it was as quiet as being at home in the country! The Kitchenette was sparkling -- with granite tops. I would recommend this place all day long. Price was also great for downtown Manhattan. Take the subway everywhere -- it is safe and the best way to get from Downtown to Central Park and everywhere in between. Absolutely no need to take a cab! Favorite restaurants: Tony's di Napalo, Carmines, Ruths Chris, Blue Fin.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>allraining
<Content>This hotel is an amazing option!!!       when three mexican girls arrived to manhattan!!!  
<Date>Oct 26, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Cleeclub
<Content>Great Choice Just returned from a 2 night stay at this little gem in the heart of Manhattan. We used our points and have stayed at the Marquis at previous visits but wanted to get away from the hustle and bustle of Times Square. It was a great choice as the location is still walking distance to everything, Bryant Park is a tranquil oasis and there are lots of places for shopping and eating right nearby within an easy stroll. The staff is wonderful, very friendly and helpful. We appreciated the evidence of security greeting each and everyone that walks through the hotel's only one entrance. We requested a higher up floor and had a corner room on the 20th floor. The room was very clean, quiet, contemporary and an ok size. The bed was wonderful and allowed for a good night's sleep. Our bathroom was bit on the small side, single sink with minimal counter space. But, it worked for a couple of nights. I did wonder if they should have cut back on the full size fridge and the empty kitchen cabinets and increased the closet and/or bathroom space. We even had pots and pans but no stove, go figure! Breakfast on the 3rd flor was nice and had an ample selection. Agree with the previous poster of trying to get there before 9:15 because there's a mad rush and the staff does close the place down right on the dot at 9:30am. We would definately stay at this hotel again and would highly recommend it!  
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>MrDoof
<Content>Ditto - Great Place! My wife and I stayed here for 5 nights during the first week of October. Had a wonderful stay. We reserved a corner studio suite which was located on the 7th floor. Room was very quiet. Bed was one of the most comfortable I've slept on. Staff were very friendly and efficient from our first step in the door until our departure. I liked the presence of security in the lobby.The location is great - near the subways and close to Times Square but not actually in it. The suite was very comfortable and the price was good (face it - everything in New York is going to be a bit pricey). We used the concierge a couple of times for directions and a restaurant reservation - great service. Only heads up to give is this - don't head to the included buffet breakfast during the last 30 minutes of this service. It was a complete zoo the two times we tried this! Wake up earlier or blow it off and find a light breakfast at one of the many excellent cafes or shops nearby. We visit NYC twice a year to visit our daughter who lives there and we will definitely return here on our next visit.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>robert270
<Content>Perfect Oasis In The City I have stayed at this Residence Inn about 5 times since it opened in January 2006.The Hotel is in an excellent midtown location across from Bryant Park. 6th AVe. and 38th street. The Subway is in front of your door. The hotel rooms are TOP NOTCH. From the flat panel tv to the down comforters on the Comfy triple sheeted beds, to the beautiful Kitchen furnished with stainless steel appliances. The hotel staff is friendly, and pleasent to deal with. They even called me on my cell phone when my room was cleaned, and ready to occupy. The place is clean. As if all this is not enough they offer a FREE Buffet breakfast every morning that consists of Eggs, Sausage, Oatmeal, Assorted pastery, Bagles, Toast. Coffee, Tea assortment in a beautiful dinging room overlooking the street. Free New York TImes, Free Wall Street Journals. This Hotel is a Must for NYC. Highly Reccomeded. You will not be disappointed.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>dglgirl1
<Content>You must stay here! Recently returned from a wonderful 4.5 day trip to NY. Booked this hotel following extensive research of all similarly priced hotels in the Times Sq / Mid town area. This hotel lived up to all the positives and none of the negatives posted in Trip Advisor reviews. The staff are superb - no one passed us without a cheerful word and security / reception personnel have a great knowledge of the best places to eat, shows to see and just general tourist information. The rooms are a decent size for this city and we requested and were given a room above the 15th floor with a view of the Empire State. You could also see the Macys sign, which for a born shopper was a great comfort!!!. Loved the room / bed / linen / kitchenette / storage / safe. Everything was immaculately clean and the 24 hour coffee available on the 3rd floor was always very welcome. If you are looking for somewhere reasonably priced, with a great location and good sized clean rooms - look no further.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>waterfreak
<Content>The best find in Manhattan               More photos  
<Date>Oct 10, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Lansaw
<Content>Almost perfect at an great price. I'm typically a budget traveller as being where I am is much more important than where I stay. I always do my best to get clean, convenient but mostly affordable accommodations. I hit the jack pot with this hotel. I've been to NYC quite a few times - each for 4-5 day weekends. I usually sub-let a flat as I know friends there, but the late decision to go to The Apple this time made a hotel my only option. I did check out BB's as well as Inn's, which I think would be another great way to go, but nothing was available for the 4 nights I needed this past weekend. I was put onto the Marriott and figured it would be way too much. Then I started digging.The Residences and Courtyards are the cheapest of the lot. But the deal i got at this hotel was awesome - especially after I made some requests from Marriott Customer services and the Hotel's customer service dept. Like the person below, I booked two nights at 219 with teh advances purchase guaranteed price of 219/per fpr a King Studio and pull-out sofa - really all two of us would need to use as our base of operations for the 4 days and nights. As the rooms were not availbale for that rate for all 4 nights I bit the bullet and booked the other 2 at $299/per - much more than I wished to pay. I followed the the changes in price and a week prior to departure saw that the rooms were at 209/night. I cancelled the 299 nights and explain this to the hotel. They were ten kind enough to change the guaranteed - no cancellation rate of $219/night to make it so we were paying $209/night for each of the 4 nights. Very nice.Now about the hotel itself:Very clean, and the bed was one of the most comfortable I'd slept in on the nights I got it - 2 of the 4. Although I thought it was totally unlikely, we actually did get a view of the Empire State Building. I though from previous pictures from Tripadvisor it was a loooong shot but I guess you've got at least a 25% chance of being on the right side. That was a nice plus. It was great having the fridge and microwave, so we kept our refreshments there. Granite counter tops were a good addition. There were were minor things that weren't all that bothersome, but which likely wouldn't have occurred at a 4 or 5 star. The tub would not hold water, so gaving a both was tough. The sliding glass closet doors were very loose and one fell out. Also, you had to hold the toilet handle down for about 15 seconds to get a proper flush. But these were the only, as well as minor, inconveniences in the room itself.While there is both breakfast as well as a bar at this place, neither are that great. The breakfast ends at 10, so if you're out late the night before that can be tough. The one day we managed to get there, it was very average, except for the packaged yogurt, fresh fruit and coffee. Still, not at all bad for free. The bar is nice but very quiet. The 2 times we dropped in during the cocktail hour there was only one or two people there. The location is excellent and from there were hit Soho, Greenwich Village, Upper Westside, Chelsea and the Lower Eastside with ease. Even headed to see a Yankees game easily. But that's one of the things that makes Manhattan great. Nothings far. I think if I go again, I might stay longer, and might stays at a quieter location (Greenwish, Upper Westside), but for a short intense stay, this was perfect.Right next to the hotel is Bryant Park and we found ourselves having a very nice lunch there for a extremely reasonable price. MoMA was a stone's throw as were many other great things to see.All-in-all, this was a great experience, made so by the fact the hotel was willing to better their price even when they didn't need to. It was a bit of work to get the deal, but if you'r willing to keep checking their website, you can get get a $300-$400 room at the Residence Inn for just over $200. A great deal, especially if there's two of you sharing. After searching the net for a long time, even a cheap BB is around that price. The same can be done at the Marriott Courtyard Times Square, but they do not have the kitchenettes.One last thing: The other hotels we seriously considered were the Milford Plaza in Times Square and the Marrakech on the Upper Westside. Neither compared after seeing the reviews and candid photos and reading the reviews. There may be other great places to stay for this price, but given the short time I had to book a good, affordable room (2 weeks) we feel like we scored here.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>ezza123
<Content>Fantastic from the UK 22nd - 25th SEP 2006       View from our room!  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NYC_First_Timer
<Content>I love it - A bargain !!! Everyone is entitled to their opinion/experiences but I could not let that last review go by without comment. Stayed here 2 nights being a Friday and a Saturday. The rate was $219 USD per night 14 days in advance booked through the Marriott website. (If I had booked that day before the rate had dropped to $209 but that's the gamble you take - what if I had waited and the hotel was full ?) For the rate quoted I got the queen bed  rollaway with kitchen dishwasher/microwave/LCD TV and everything else described in these reviews. Bed was VERY comfortable and it came with 10 pilows. The room feels very new, clean and modern. Bathroom could be bigger however. The hotel is right on the corner of W39th St and 6th Ave so an EASY 10 minute walk to all the theatres and Times Square. Breakfast was free and excellent.For the price I paid I have no hestiation at recommending this hotel to anyone. Also you must visit TKTS for half price broadway show tix for sale on the day of the performance. I did and got excellent seats to a broadway show on a Saturday night - It will top off your stay !!!  
<Date>Oct 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>daycavtravel
<Content>Gem of a place! I traveled to NYC on business and after reading many reviews decided to book at the Residence Inn Marriott. I was extremely pleased with everything about this little gem! The service was polite and helpful (front desk helped me order food at 2 AM when I arrived from the West Coast). My Studio Suite was very clean and spacious (sitting room and kitchen) as well as handsomely appointed. The hotel was so convenient to everything being around the corner from, with out being in the middle of, the madness that is Times Square. The room was unbelievably quiet and finally, there was a breakfast buffet included in the price of the room! I will indeed stay there again when I return to New York City.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Isella
<Content>Do not stay at the Marriott Residence Inn! The hotel is subpar at best with the price you pay to stay there. One can easily find a better hotel with more space at the rates they charge. I was charged $399 for a King Size Bed, but all the room sizes are apparently the same. The mattress was not firm and the towels were the cheap kind that shed. The view from the hotel was pretty crappy too - a building wall stood outside my window. They claim to be a smoke free hotel, but my room smelled like cigarettes when I got there, and to top it off, they charged me an additional $250 after I checked out claiming that I smoked in the room!! The manager there was very indifferent about the charge and refused to take it off. About the only thing I liked about my stay there was the location since it's right in the heart of midtown (near the theater district and Macys/shopping area), but again, not worth it. I usually stay in the hotels in Times Square (like Marquis, Millenium, W, etc), not near Times Square, and I will never stay at this hotel again. I'm quite surprised by some of the great reviews this hotel has gotten.Frequent travelerFirenze, Italy  
<Date>Sep 21, 2006
<Rating>2	1	3	2	3	1	2	-1	

<Author>Mr Steve-1
<Content>A great find. Originally booked courtyard times sq, but they were full so transferred us here- 1 min walk. What a piece of good luck! Got an upgrade to a queen suit- which was excellent. Big bed, LCD tv, fridge/freezer/microwave/coffee maker. Just like a kitchen in your room (but no proper oven) ..but fine for the self catering tourist. Good location very close to Bryant park, acceptable for times sq, ESB and other mid-town stuff. Close to subway too. This is a new hotel so is clean and has a nice interior, including a waterfall in the foyer. Staff were very polite and helpful. Breakfast was free for me- if you can get this- take it..eat all you want, but may get busy (although it was labor weekend when i was there). There is a small bar overlooking 6th ave, they have a nice pool table. 4 nights cost 895usd, but this is cheaper than usual for the queen suit which is about 300usd per night. Expensive I know but shop around and see if you can get the same for less. Check out the official website- tells you all you need, and it's correct!  
<Date>Sep 17, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Inverness123
<Content>Out of this world! This is a great hotel for families. We were there for seven days over July 4th and had a great time. The staff was helpful and very friendly to our three and four year olds. I would reccomend this hotel to everyone.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dc_flyer
<Content>I Loved Every Minute! Stayed here over the Labor Day weekend. The hotel is fantastic! I stayed on the 16th Floor in a Queen Studio. The room had everything! ! Great Queen Size bed with tons of pillows! A small sofa and cocktail table. A Kitchenette with fridge, dishwasher, microwave and toaster. And, included in your room rate is all-you-can-eat breakfast buffet. Not just a continental style, but scrambled eggs, sausage, fried potatoes, and one day, pancakes, the next, french toast. Also, cereals, bagels, yogurt, fruit, bread for toasting, hot coffee, juices, it was great. This hotel is 5 stars in my book. I will definitely book here again.P.S. The location was excellent. Walking distance to Macy's, Time Square, the subway lines, Penn Station.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Tdotontario
<Content>Strong Recommendation for Marriott's Residence Inn on 6th Ave This hotel did not disappoint at all. The staff were very friendly, and the rooms as reviewed by others are very nice.My queen studio was not large or terribly small but well laid out - very new and very clean. It was suitable for one or two people, but not more. The bed was exceptionally comfortable, and it was great having a full fridge (as well as dishwasher and microwave) and granite counters and eating bar (no separate eating area, though other suites have them). There is a sofa bed, but if opened it would make the room cramped, certainly for more than 2. I am not sure if they have any suites with 2 queen beds, (check out Doubletree in Times Square...there are two-room suites that are larger and you you will pay more, and not get a free breakfast). The bed was exceptionally comfortable and even the clock radio included a CD player. Location: corner of 39th Street and 6th Avenue (aka Avenue of the Americas)..you are 4 blocks from Macy's to the south (also very close to the Empire State Building) and 3 blocks to 42nd Street (the next Avenue over is Broadway and the heart of Times Square). The hotel is well situated for theatre goers and those who prefer being midway to the top attractions that you can reach by subway or by walking - the blocks in NYC are short. Technically this is the fashion district, and there are stores selling buttons, ribbons and garments around the hotel. Bryant Park is at 42nd Street and 6th and a nice respite from the city. They film Good Morning America concerts there and were also filming an Home and Garden television show for the last few days. The hotel is about $50 to $100 per night cheaper than comparable rooms right in Times Square (though some are larger but none that I am aware of include a free breakfast).The very large breakfast lounge on the 3rd floor is the nicest one I have ever seen (tables and chairs but also couches and lounge chairs that are modern and in a tasteful setting, not what you may be used to). The free breakfast is from 6:30 - 9:30 weekdays and 7:00-10:00 weekends. Food is the same every day...fresh and hot, great coffee and juice. The New York Times and U.S.A. Today are made available as well. There is also a large LCD TV in a certain area. As others have indicated there are free social hour meals from 5-7 on weekdays (not Thursdays)...taco night, soup and salad...etc. Was not at the hotel during those hours to take advantage. I heard people complain about elevator service, but I was up for breakfast quite early so this was never a problem. I have never stayed at a hotel in NYC where elevator service was not slow on occasion.The lobby is long and narrow, and a bit congested when many are checking in and out. There is free internet access at a PC at the end of the front desk with a printer. It came in incredibly handy when I misplaced my e-ticket and needed to print a new one. Kudos to Marriott for thinking of everything. Again, the staff were helpful in allowing me to email them to print my e-ticket when the pdf file could not be opened on the PC. It is definitely worth the reasonable price (by NYC standards) and the top 3 of the 7 or so different hotels I have stayed at in NYC. I will definitely be back. There is nothing particularly special about the stores and things right beside the hotel...the good location refers to what is just three short blocks away to the South or North.Tip: pack your own container to bring breakfast back to your room, if you prefer not to eat in the breakfast room. There are coffee cups to go and plastic plates, but they may not keep your food warm.A couple of suggestions to make it better: luggage rack, NYC tourist mags in room. Not crazy about the hallway decor...but no big deal.Enjoy this hotel, the staff and NYC.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>DideeP
<Content>wonderful place We booked our trip directly through Marriott and stayed for a great rate of $209.00. (Friday - Tuesday) Our room had a queen bed, sofa, dining table and two chairs and a full kitchen. The appliances were stainless steel and the kitchen was stocked with everything you need, including a toaster and crock pot. The bed with delcious sheets and duvet cover was one of the most comfortable I've ever slept in. It felt exactly like the wonderful bed I had at the Hilton Millenium earlier in my trip. The bathroom was spotless and modern, but very small. The location can't be beat. The concierge is extremely helpful. All staff members are totally courteous and competent.I will definitely check into this hotel again if the price is right.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rspangl
<Content>Great place for families Family stayed in a King Studio; 2 young kids slept on the sofabed. The hotel is very clean (new), including the room. Friendly service at the front desk, bellmen, security, etc. Reasonable rate. Studio had large refrigerator, microwave, sink, some plates, glasses, etc. Very nice if you want to keep a few things around.Very convenient to have free breakfast available...saves time in the morning. During the week they have light dinner (soup and salad when I was there) at no additional cost; I didn't use this, as was always out for dinner. But there if you need it.A block or two walk to Times Square; we walked back to the hotel after the theater and never felt unsafe.It's nice to be close to Time Square, yet just off of it. Bryant Square subway station very convenient.While I did not use this service...the hotel directory/information book said they will shop for groceries free, if you give them a list (you have to pay for the groceries, but not the service).Great stay. Next time I bring my family to NYC, this will be first hotel on our list.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TSR
<Content>Great Hotelk Stayed here with my teenagers. Right off the bat the bellman (huge guy) was great. Got all our gear and directed me to the Avis site and pointed out everything close that we would need (grocery etc.). Room was better than the Renaissance at 49th street. Totally modern with a flat screen. The air conditioning was weak but they sent a guy up right away to replace the filter and get to going. Subway is across the street and Times Square is about a blo9ck away. Would definitely stay here again  
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jbordas
<Content>summer in NY My family and I went to Times Square in Manhattan,NY in July.This hotel is near everything ( Bryant Park is across the street).It is around the corner from times square, herald square and the theatre district. The staff were excellent, security in the hotel was ever present. The hotel offered a nice breakfast, except it should be longer in duration. Being NY'rs , my wife and I are accustomed to poor service and bad customer relations, but this Hotel was a nice experience.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BillGreen
<Content>Yes it's good - But ... OK this is a good place and reasonable bargain for NYC. However I fell for the young man's pitch at the front counter to fix me up with a room with a lot of space and a view of the Empire State Bldg. He put me in the wheel chair access room. Yeah sure lots of space ... no furniture! Also no closet. I ended up changing the room because the broadband didn't work and discovered that this spaceous room was exactly like any other except it had no furniture and had no closet and had a spaceous bathroom, made so spaceous by not having a cupboard/counter top for the sink. Otherwise this hotel is OK. But the in-room broadband can really be a hassle as it requires often resetting (turning off and turning on) the modem and/or your computer ... and if you pause for a couple of minutes (maybe 3) you get logged off the server.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CrimsonT
<Content>Absolutely Fantastic!! This hotel is an absolute gem! My wife, her sister, and I just returned from a 3 night stay at the Residence Inn, and everything was great. We had initially heard about this hotel from one of my co-workers, so we decided to give it a try ,and we were not disappointed in any way. The location is perfect. When you leave the hotel, you are exactly 3 short blocks to 42nd street, and 1 block over to the beginning of Times Square. Rockefeller Center is 8 blocks away, right up 6th Avenue. The subway is right across the street, and Bryant Park is diagonally across.The rooms are immaculate, and very spacious. Please consider the corner room with 3 windows, you will not be dissatisfied. The breakfast was wonderful and very plentiful, and the social dinner (week nights at 5:30 to 7:00) was the same. If there is a better hotel staff in New York, I would like to see them. From the check-in staff to the maid service, they are helpful and very cordial in every aspect. Just a little suggestion for the travelers coming from Newark Airport - There is a bus service (Coach USA) that runs round trip buses every 15 minutes from Newark to Midtown. The bus drops off at Bryant Park, and is very close to the hotel. The roundtrip cost is only $23 each!! This might save you some money. Hope all this helps. David  Vickie HickmanGadsden, Alabama  
<Date>Jul 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Southland
<Content>What a deal! This Residence Inn (located at Ave. of Americas and 38th) was really a deal. As Marriott Rewards members we got a good rate and found it included a buffet breakfast and on weeknights, a small supper. It's a great location, handy to everything. Seemed to be almost new, non-smoking and very friendly. Can't say enough good things about this and would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>smithduke
<Content>In a nutshell...WONDERFUL! The Residence Inn/Time Square was one of the nicest places we've stayed!If you arrive by car park in front or along side the hotel and go inside. They'll send a valet out to park your car. There isn't a lot of room and you need to be cautious of the traffic. Don't make the mistake of going into the parking garage around the corner. You'll pay $10.00 more per day if you do. It does take some time for the valet to retrieve the car, especially during check-out, so call ahead from your room.The room is considered a studio suite but truthfully it's not much larger the a regular hotel room. It had a kitchen area with a full fridge, microwave and coffee maker. There was no cooktop but I think they offer them in some rooms. The room was beautifully decorated, even in the kitchen and dining area. The refrigerator was stainless steel and the counter top was shiny black. The curtains, rug and linens were gorgeous! I don't usually comment on the decor of rooms but this was so beautiful I had to mention it! There was a small sleeper sofa which was horribly uncomfortable! You could feel every spring in the matteress! For as much effort they put into the rest of the room, you'd think they could invest in a quality sleeper sofa mattress. Now for the best part...the bed! It was the most comfortable bed I've ever slept in. The pillows were great and the linens were so soft. The mattress had a thick pillow topper that just enveloped you. The shower was great and had a massaging shower head along with a rainshower head. The soap they provided reminded me a my favorite Crabtree and Evelyn soap. A regualr handheld hairdryer is provided and it's not one of those weak dryers that are attached to the wall.The breakfast was very nice and was located on the third floor and had plenty of tables and chairs. The were also vending machines and a small bar area. Breakfast consisted of scrambled eggs, sausage patties, homefries, danishes, cinnamon rolls, bagels, english muffins, and bread. There was a conveyer type commercial toaster which was very quick. It would have been nice if the had a waffle maker or pancakes but even so, the selection was nice. The coffee was delicious! Instead of making it in your room go for the coffee the hotel provides. It was really that good and available 24 hours a day.The concierge was extremely helpful as was the rest of the staff. The managers were always in the lobby ready to help and answer any questions and had headphones on to contact the bellhops and valet. The hotel is animal friendly but we heard no barking, meowing etc. I asked if certain rooms are reserved for pets and I was told all rooms were available for them. Our room had no evidence of pets and was very clean. There's an additional fee but only after seven days.Bryant Park is a block away and is next to the New York Public Libarary. The park has plenty of cafe tables and chairs. It was nice to just sit there with a cup of coffee and enjoy the view. Bryant Park also as free movies every Monday during the summber on a huge screen. Get there early because the lawn fills up fast. Across the street from the hotel is an ice cream shop which was yummy. We saw the off-Broadway show, Slava's Snow Show which was fun, especially if you have kids. It was about $7.00 by taxi to get to the theater.We payed under $220.00 per night which is almost unheard of in Mid-town and even more unbelievable for the quality of this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>AHM
<Content>great place to stay We stayed there for the July 4th long weekend this year. Very nice and clean hotel. Well positioned in NY with easy access to everything and within walking distance of Times Square. A very cool lounge area where you can relax or eat food and watch whatever you want on several flat screen TVs located in different areas. Friendly staff. The only negative was that the rooms were smaller than usual but that was not a major issue. Recommend getting a higher floor to avoid street noise. Would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Residence Inn from now on... First let me say, I did not have a reservation and I was in the middle of the city and it was raining to boot. Going to the city is hard enough and getting a room there is even harder. I walked in to the Residence Inn Marriot and asked if they had anything available and I was immediately given a room on a floor of my choice. When I arrived to the room, it was breathtaking to say the least. There was a full kitchen with a dishwasher; everything was brand new and sparkling with that brand new look. The bathroom was immaculate and the dual shower head made for a very enjoyable and invigorating shower. The towels were thick and soft as if you were brought them from home. The bed was beyond comfortable; I wanted to take it with me when I checked out. The sheets were clean and fresh; just the way they should be. They even supply the room with a flat screen plasma TV for your pleasure. The staff were great at check in and check out and the fact that they have valet parking was plus because it --- to have to find parking in the city. They tell you to give them 30 minutes to retrieve your car, but they had my car out front for me within 15 minutes of my call. Overall this was the best stay that I have ever had in the city and this will be become my hotel of choice from this day forth.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lopo147
<Content>Home Away From Home (NOT in Times Square) This was the first time we ever stayed in a Marriott Residence Inn; it won't be our last. This is a completely modern, clean, comfortable, accommodating hotel. We had two rooms located at the end of a hall on the 15th floor. Since there was also a door in the hall that we were able to close and lock, we were able to keep our room doors open and accessible to all of us (3 adults, 3 teens, 9 year-old, and a 14 month-old.) Ideal set-up!Each room had a queen bed (wonderfully comfortable!) and a sofa bed (so-so for comfort), a small bathroom and a kitchenette (microwave, refrigerator, sink, coffeemaker, cabinets, utensils, dishes, etc. and dishwasher.) Decor was attractive and lighting functional.The inn provides a complete complimentary breakfast each day. Although the food was ordinary (scrambled eggs, potatoes, fruit, sausage patties, yogurt, cereal, bagels, etc.), it was filling and plentiful. The dining and buffet areas were constantly being cleaned since there were many folks utilizing the services.The staff were all attentive and accommodating. Check-in was simple and quick. We arrived in NYC early and thought we'd simply ask to check our luggage at the hotel, however, we were pleasantly surprised to find our rooms ready at noon!There were a couple of small annoyances: the hotel only has one laptop available for guests to use the Internet. These days so many folks want to check Email, reservations, etc. via Internet so I thought that the one unit was completely inadequate since there are 357 suites in the hotel. Also, there was only one person manning the Concierge desk and there were many people waiting for assistance in the small lobby. Also, when I returned to my room in the evening, I saw that housekeeping had not stopped by. I called the desk and learned that they don't offer daily cleaning, but they do offer light refreshing.. However, we hadn't received anything. After this, in the other room, I found that there was a paper stating how housekeeping works. However, there wasn't any paper in my room, so I had no idea. I didn't mind that the beds weren't made, etc. but our trash receptacles were overflowing and we'd used our towels and hadn't hung them to dry so someone stopped by to take the trash and replenish the towels.One other thing I want to mention: the inn is not in Times Square. I thought that this was a good thing because the inn was not extremely noisy at night. I think it is misleading since Times Square is part of the name. It isn't very far away (a couple of blocks).We only got to stay here for two nights, but I think it is an excellent choice for folks (especially if they are staying for several days since you'll enjoy many of the comforts of home.) It is relatively easy to walk around to the sites and public transportation is easily accessible, too.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ptbrk
<Content>Residence Inn at its best! I had stayed a month ago at the New York Palace and had no huge expectations from staying at the Residence Inn, but from previous comments I was encouraged. Well, it certainly surpassed my expectations!This is not your typical cookie cutter Residence Inn. It is new, modern and very clean. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful. I requested fresh bedding for the sofa bed and got it in less than 5 minutes. Ask for an even numbered room on the 15th floor or above to truly get a great view of the Empire State building. I left the curtain opened all night just to enjoy the sights. If you are traveling with family, ask for a handicapped room which, if available, is slightly larger.The luggage porter was very helpful and correct in all of the information he provided. I tipped him $20 even though I'm really a cheapskate. Breakfast is great and free unlike the $40 I paid for oatmeal and coffee at the Palace. The Chinese/Japanese/Thai restaurant around the corner (on 39th) will deliver food to your room. Otherwise, you can go there. They are also very friendly and the price was right.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Outstanding Service and Experience!!! This was our first time in NYC and as this was our honeymoon, we didn't know what to expect. I am a business traveller and typically stay at value hotels such as Holiday Inn Express about 40-50 nights/year. I usually stay at premium and luxury hotels about 10-12 nights/year as well. I have never stayed at a Residence Inn before and Marriott Hotels are not usually my first choice (due to poor past experience) but my stay at this hotel had me and my new wife very impressed with the staff, levels of service and emenities at the NYC Marriott Residence Inn Manhattan/Times Square.Starting with our bellman right to the housekeeping staff, front desk agent etc...it was all stellar! 1. Our bellman spent 15 minutes after unloading our luggage to tell us where the best restaurants were. We were hungry and it was getting late, but we took his suggestion and directions and enjoyed his recommendation.2. We had left the privacy please tag on the door and the housekeeping staff actually didn't come in the next morning. Instead of even knocking, they left a message on our voicemail and asked us to call back when we wanted service (I hate when housekeeping staff knock when I am trying to sleep!)3. The free breakfast was great. The experience would have been amazing without the breakfast, but there was a large selection, great atmosphere and I even brought the food back to my wife in take-out containers one day when she was not feeling well enough to come down.4. A manager (I think he might have been the GM) of the hotel was in the lobby and he shook our hands and welcomed us when our original bellman introduced us. 5. The security guard/doorman was very helpful with directions and hailed cabs for us on numerous occasions telling the cab driver exactly where to go. 6. The front desk staff were amazingly pleasant and completed the check-in in a minute or two. Everything was ready and they even granted my request of being on the top (34th floor).7. Location, Location, Location! This hotel is just steps from Times Square, Theatre and great shopping! We always felt safe.8. The rooms are huge! I was expecting small rooms, but the kitchen area was nice, the bathrooms adequate and the bed/living area was very comfortable. Amazing bed and linens! Not only will I make every effort to stay at this hotel again if in NYC, but I will also be willing to give other Marriott's a chance after many years of boycott.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cluffsb
<Content>Residence Inn Manhattan/Times Square I would definitely recommend this hotel. It is a 20 minute walk or 5 min taxi to Grand Central Station so you can get or catch the airport shuttles to La Gaurdia or JFK that was $21.00 round trip. Also a not to far to walk to Times Square. or many other attractions. Was nice to walk by Byrant Park looked so relaxing. The staff was always friendly and helpful. The room was very nice we changed our choice of room and was able to obtain one as soon as we arrived at 9:30 a.m. It ended up being a wheel chair accessable room which was fine we had a view of the ESB. The only down side is there were large fans on the roof of the building next door so would not want to open the window. But we did not want it open anyways. The bed and pillows were extremely comfortable. The only comment I would say against the room is it was way too cold but they did come and fix that for us. The breakfast buffet was very nice way to start the day and ended up being the only meal of the day we did have everyday. If you are looking for something to eat near by cross over Avenue of Americas and go up 39th Street to Cafe 39 just a few doors up they have a great Chicken Wrap small chips and pickle for $5.36 tax incl. It was so filling it lasted me two meals.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>rjl81440
<Content>Wonderful Staff Our stay was great. The hotel is clean and confortable. Beds very much so. We didn't have a great view. We had an odd number room. but we weren't there much and when we were the room was very comfortable. The staff was great from the room maintenance to the great desk staff. Very honest, very helpful and fun. We could walk just about eveywhere. Good location. Great shopping. Would highly recommend and would stay again.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wow This is a new and very clean hotel. We had a room on the fifth floor with a view of the Empire State Building. I believe rooms ending in an even number have the Empire State view. Our room was quiet even though we were near elevators. Good insulation.Our suite was a little larger than the size of a regular hotel room. The king size bed and the sofabed face each other. There are no separate rooms - other than the bathroom. The refrigerator, micro, and dishwasher are a nice feature. One TV is provided here.The lobby is quite small. However, on the third floor there is a massive lounge area with sofas, tables, chairs, TVs, and books. This is also where the breakfast and evening reception take place. Coffee, tea, and hot chocolate are available here 24/7. There is a bar on this level that is open until midnight. On the bottom floor is the laundry room. There are plenty of washers and dryers here. There is also a coin changer for $5 and $1 bills. Laundry detergent is provided at the front desk upon request. This floor also has a fitness center, Treadmills, cycles, and eliptical machines 3-4 of each. This is where the ice and vending machines are located.We loved the location of this hotel. Walking distance to 2 subway stations, Times Square, Broadway shows, Bryant Park, PublicLibrary, Lord and Taylor, Macy's, Empire State Building, and Yankees Club Store. There were always plenty of staff on duty. Service was prompt and friendly.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kjj63
<Content>Great Hotel! 06/09/06-06/11/06 We arrived in the a.m. so rooms were not ready, but we were allowed to complete the paperwork and store our bags. There was rain in the forecast, so the desk clerk offered us an umbrella just in case. After a day of walking around Times Square and SoHo, we came back to the hotel. We got our keys and headed up to our rooms. Very nice. Little kitchen area with sink, refrigerator and crock pot. Can imagine a huge need for a crock pot in the room, but it was there. There was a nice sitting area. A flat screen TV that could swivel toward the bed or the sitting area. My view was directly onto Ave. of the Americas from the 20th floor. Very nice! The bathroom was okay. Of average size. The shower head was high, so that was nice for a tall person. The showerhead had many adjustment options (i.e. massage, shower, single jet). I do wish that the shower curtain rod had been curved out. The bed was excellent! Very nice with lots of pillows. There was a choice of feather or polyfill. I usually have some difficulty sleeping in a hotel, but no problems here. I was too tired most of the time to visit the fitness center, so I didn't even check it out. The morning breakfast was nice. A selection of eggs, sausage, potatoes and pancakes. There was also a selection of different types of breads and two toasters as wel as fruit and cold cereal options.It's not right on Times Square, but only a couple of blocks away. Very close to Bryant Park and the New York City Library. I would definitely recommend this hotel and would plan on staying again.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>fabulous marriot My wife and I just returned from the City, the Residence Inn Time Square was fabuolus right from the minute we arrived until we left, we even had to stay an extra night due to bad weather. The staff was very friendly and helpful, the rooms were very comfortable, great having a fridge and micrwave and sitting area. We had a great view of the Empire state building on the 8th floor. There is a great market 20 steps outside the front door, grab some beer and wine and snacks and you are good to go. Did I mention hot buffet breakfast every morning and from Monday to Thursday happy hour on the third floor lounge(the entire third floor) from 5-7pm we had Lasagna and Ceasar Salad one evening all included in the price. Did I mention that yes I was in New York City getting all these extras included in one price. Thank You Marriot, my wife and I have travelled everywhere who in the world rated this hotel only 3-stars this is the only Hotel in 20 years of marriage that my wife has taken her shoes off in a Hotel room. The front Lobby is small that must be the reason it is only a three star Hotel.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>NuSkin
<Content>Great Location We just returned from a trip to Manhattan, NY. This hotel just opened in January, so everything is still very new and very nice. The rooms are not really big, but they are very comfortable and very well thought out. They are a little pricey, but by Manhattan standards probably average. Where else in NY can you get a free breakfast? Great, comfortable beds, nice showers. A kitchen! Full fridge, nice microwave and dishwasher; fully loaded with all needed utensils. Even a toaster. You can have a cook top brought in and pots and pans are in each room. Higher floors have great view; takes a little longer to get an elevator, but when it comes it is empty, which is nice. The staff are extremely nice and helpful. All in all, the best place we have ever stayed in NY. Great location at MidTown. Close to Time Square without having it right outside your door. Jack's restaurant right around the corner, and a great place to eat. We highly recommend this Residence Inn!  
<Date>May 22, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>asrosen
<Content>Love this place Have stayed here numerous times on business. Staff and service levels are truly outstanding and security is excellent. The rooms have all been beautiful and spacious. The hotel has always been flexible in getting me into nice rooms with gorgeous views (nothing like the Empire State Building rising outside your window!). Extensive and free breakfast offered in a very nice environment. My son-in-law also travels to New York regularly and tries to stay here as often as possible.  
<Date>May 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Stay and Value Stayed May 6th - 9th at Residence Inn close to Time Square. Lobby was not too exciting but staff is very friendly and corresponding service was excellent. Rooms well set up with kitchens, great beds and very clean. The hotel serves a hot breakfast buffet every day that could meet and please anyone's needs. Location is very accessible to upper and lower Manhattan and theater district. Front desk excellent in their service, maid service available and they magically come like elves while you are out if requested. No waits for service. Concierge very helpful, patient and knowledgeable of New York. Few street noises and the windows open for fresh air. Linens are fine, beds are excellent with feather pillows if requested and plenty of towels. Bathrooms are on the smaller side and products are ok but room and sitting area more than compensate. Hot water was always present and for the money it is a safe and clean oasis in New York City.  
<Date>May 16, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Excelsor
<Content>Great People, Great Bed, and Great Experience This hotel is in a fantastic location in Manhattan. Everyone from the security guard to the hotel manager was friendly and extremely helpful. The breakfast was great and the bed was awesome.Phenomenal job, Marriott!  
<Date>May 15, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ryan.W
<Content>No complaints at all - excellent property This is one of the few hotels that I have stayed in where I have never had a sinlge complaint. Even if I were pressed for a criticism of this hotel, I could not list even one. The location is perfect, the check-in was friendly and efficent, the room well-appointed and impeccably clean, the elevators always worked well and with little waiting, all staff members greeted you and even engaged in conversation, and the complimentary breakfast buffet and afternoon snack was a great treat. More importantly the noticeable security at all times was a tremndous reassurance that you were safe. Of the affordable hotels in NYC (under $300.00) this is the best I have ever stayed at, and will definitely stay there again.  
<Date>May 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>nookielu
<Content>wonderful service!       view from our room  
<Date>May 3, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ray210
<Content>Perfect; a great value I lived in Manhattan for 3 years, attending law school at NYU, and I booked a room at this hotel, post-law school, to take the February 2006 bar exam at the Javitts Center. At first, the main thing that attracted me to the hotel online at Marriott's website was that it was new, having opened in December 2005, I believe. I was extremely happy with the accomodations and everyone from the front desk to security to housekeeping was really friendly and helpful. The decor is beautiful (modern but warm). They serve breakfast and what they call light fare in the evenings, but actually the light fare is all-you-can-eat, of relatively high quality (better than what you could get at area bodegas), and I ended up just having dinner there, which saved me lots of money. The hotel is located sqaurely in the Fashion District, and taxis are numerous. I just wish they'd opened a convenience store on the ground floor so that I'd never have to leave other than to take the exam, though there are plenty of delis etc. nearby.  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MR_PHL
<Content>Works for me The Residence Inn Time Square is an excellent addition to the area. In the past I have stayed at the Marriott Marquis and the Courtyard Times Square. This place is cheaper and quieter than the Marquis and is on par pricewise with the Courtyard. Of course you get the complimentary breakfast buffet which is customary for Residence Inn.The location is good, you are a couple of blocks away from the subway and not too far from everything in Times Square.The rooms are spacious with a flat panel TV (although sound and picture quality was questionable on mine). The bed was not huge, but very comfortable. The staff is very friendly and helpful.I have stayed in a number of Reisdence Inns when I travel for business and enjoy the evening happy hour. The Happy hour here was ok. There is plenty of room in the dining area. The only thing I noticed was that beer wasn't included as it is at many of the RI's I have stayed in. If that's important to you, then I suppose its a bad thing. The rate was $269, which is alright for New York. But its a good hotel and worth the money.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>BrownEyeGirl
<Content>Would stay here again Our first trip to NYC and after reading several reviews here on this site, settled with this hotel because of the kitchenette and free breakfast which we used daily. Although rooms were small, I understand that's the norm in NYC although our family of four didn't feel too cramped. Hotel staff were extremely friendly. It also had 24 hour hotel security. Hotel is not in the middle of Times Square but close enough - a block or two away. After going through Times Square, we were happy to return to our hotel where things were much quieter. Four elevators are on the slow side and small for a hotel with 35 floors. Breakfast was especially busy but plentiful. I understand there's dinner too M-Thu. Kitchenette has an apt. size fridge, dishwasher, plenty of table items and a sink. My kids were able to eat their cereal when they wanted and we stored our water bottles in the cold fridge during the day. We didn't use the 'gym' but used the internet connectiviy in our room every night. They also had a pc and printer available near the concierge's desk for our use.Only bad thing was the fire alarm that went off just after midnight. This false alarm also happened to us at another hotel in California so we were 'prepared' and didn't react too quickly. Staff came on the intercomm shortly thereafter asking us to standby for further instructions and did apologize the next morning.We would definately stay at this hotel again. I was impressed that it was non-smoking, in a great location, had a kitchenette and provided daily meals.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Definitely Will Stay Here Again We have stayed at several hotels around the Times Square area and this is our favorite so far. We stay at Residence Inns in other areas because of the kitchen, larger rooms, and because they accept pets. This particular RI is no different. One thing, this hotel is new, and our taxi driver had no idea where it was. Be prepared with the address or directions.We normally spend alot of time in our room, reading and relaxing, so we appreciate having a larger room. The rooms in the RI are large and arranged very well. We had no trouble moving around and we didn't get in each other's way. The bathroom was small, but efficient. The kitchen was equipped with full size fridge, diswasher, sink, microwave, crock pot, and cookware, dishes, and utensils. There was a clock radio/cd player, a flat panel tv, and free high speed internet hookup. The TV had a place for hooking up a dvd player or game console, but we couldn't get it to work. There was a safe in the closet as well as iron and ironing board. The bathroom had a nice hairdryer in one of the drawers. There were many unused electrical outlets throughout the room, which was a pleasant surprise.One of the best things about the room was the bed. We had a queen, and it was without a doubt the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in, no lie. It was firm, but with a soft feel, and the sheets were soft and luxurious. There was a big cozy comforter to complete the deal. We slept with the window open for the crisp cool air so we could feel even more cozy. Heaven!There were several things we were disappointed with. The first was the location. It is on 6th Ave, about a half block south of Bryant Park. Although this is probably technically the Times Square area, we were expecting to be much closer to the action there. The other issue was the breakfast. The food was very good, but the closer to closing time, the scarcer the food. If you waited until 1/2 hour or less left before breakfast ended, you didn't have alot of choices. They did not restock as things ran out. There were a couple of mornings there were no eggs, no bagels, only a couple of slices of bread, empty cereal dispensers, no milk, etc. I understand not wanting to waste food, but at least restock those items you can use the next day.The staff was one of the best I have seen. They were all very friendly, striking up conversations in the elevators, always smiling and saying hello, and quick to remedy any problem. We had no problem with check-in, concierge services, or getting a late checkout.Other details about the hotel, there is an exercise room on the lower level, with 3 treadmills, 2 eliptical trainers, 2 bicycles, and a complete set of dumbells. They have towels for guest use and a water dispenser. There is also a guest laundry on the same level, with about 10 sets of washers and dryers. The price is steep, $2.00 for each. You can obtain supplies at the front desk. There is a change machine in the laundry room, but it was out when I was there. I also bought detergent and dryer sheets at the deli next door. There are vending machines that supply soft drinks, water, snacks and ice cream bars. There are 4 elevators for the 34 floors, and the only time we experienced a problem getting one was during breakfast hours. There are 12 guest rooms on each floor, so it is pretty quiet. They are arranged a little funny, with even number rooms to the south of the elevators, and odd numbered rooms to the north. We were always turned around. We will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent choice and value after having to write a subpar review of a hotel in washington d.c., it's a pleasure to recommend this one. we stay at a lot of Residence Inn properties, and generally find them all to be an excellent value. however this one stands out since it must be quite a challenge to provide good service and value in new york city. it helps that it's a new hotel, just opened this year, but the staff could not be more helpful from doormen to lounge and breakfast area. having a mini suite with kitchenette in manhatttan for around $250 per night is quite a luxury. the huge third floor lounge area is impressive, used for breakfast, and open all day with snacks in the afternoon, all included in the room rate. the location, just a couple of blocks from times square, and an easy walk along 5th avenue, empire state building etc. is another advantage. in other words, in a city where it's easy to feel disappointed, overcharged or both, staying here was a refreshing experience.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DesMoines
<Content>Excellent Base for Manhattan I booked this hotel through Marriott's web site because it was new and the rate was below other, nearby Marriott properties. GOOD DECISION. This hotel has very nice rooms and common areas. As the other reviews note, the location is excellent, the beds are extremely comfortable and the staff is among the most helpful and cheerful I have yet to encounter in NYC. You could certainly do a lot worse! Very close to Times Square, theatres, and Madison Square Garden.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bluebell98
<Content>Awesome Place! This hotel is great! The location is perfect whether for business or pleasure, the rooms clean and well-designed, the staff helpful, basically...I don't have enough good things to say about this property. We have stayed in many other NYC hotels and this one was by far the best. Considering the accommodations, breakfast buffet, location, etc. there isn't a better value. It will be our first choice the next time we are in NYC.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Highly Recommended This hotel opened in January, and we were there mid-February for 4 nights.Things I liked about the hotel:- Location - on 6th Avenue, one block from Broadway. Close to areas of interest, but the location itself is fairly quiet (for New York!). Bryant Park is just 50 yards away. Times Square -  5 mins. Empire State Building 5 mins. Manhattan Mall, Macy's 5mins. Rockefeller Centre 5 mins. Madison Square Gardens  10 mins. 5th Avenue (Bloomingdales etc.) 10 mins. Central Park 15 mins.- Staff were friendly and helpful.- Complementary breakfast (inc. hot food). Complementary evening meal Mon-Thur (usually one type of dish - e.g. pasta dish day 1, chicken  rice dish day 2, pizza day 3)  take it or leave it - we took it and enjoyed it. You can eat in the library area as well as the dining room - very pleasant  comfortable.- Spacious rooms with sofa  kitchenette - fridge, slow cooker, coffee maker, dishwasher (which housekeeper will run for you), and hotplate on request. We planned to cook the odd meal until we found out about the complementary dinner.- No street noise.- Free wireless internet access in lobby  library/3rd floor.Things I didn't like:- I would have preferred wireless internet in the room (there is wired, but I did't have my dock with me). My wife is probably glad though!- We had a mouse in our room! Probably due to building work continuing on 2nd and 4th floors (we were on 5th). We were moved to 20th floor, and provided with some goodies - generally the situation was handled well by the supervisor. I would hope that this is not likely to be an issue when the work is complete.It speaks volumes for the hotel that my wife (who is very pernikety[!]) was happy to stay on in the hotel despite the mouse!If/when we go back, I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lizzy60
<Content>Great Hotel The rooms were very comfortable, clean and fully equiped with everything we needed to make our stay comfortable. The evening free buffet was a suprise and the breakfast buffet was good. Location was safe and close to many major attractions. All the hotel staff were very friendly and helpful. The concierge gave us some good suggestions on where to eat.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great everything               More photos  
<Date>Mar 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Travelling_Trisha
<Content>Absolutely First Class! Book it if you can. If you're reading this, then like me you are choosing your Hotel very carefully. I spent AGES looking at reviews, checking availability / prices etc, because I am very particular about where I stay - and am almost phobic about cleanliness!And now, having just returned from a 5 day stay I am delighted to be able to report that this Hotel is truly fabulous. Top marks for cleanliness, comfort, location, value, service, breakfast...and I was so RELIEVED when I saw my squeky clean light and airy room!All rooms are brand new mini suites with a well equipped kitchenette, includuing huge fridge freezer with ice maker, microwave, coffee maker etc and a black marble worktop / breakfast bar.PLUS a huge ultra thin plasma T.V., with tons of channels  movies to choose from if you're holed up due to over 2ft of snow as I was! It was very cosy too, with an excellent highly responsive heating / air conditioning system.But above all else, the brand new HUGE BEDS ARE LIKE SLEEPING ON FLUFFY CLOUDS! Sumptuous luxury with ultra light quilts  8 pillows, deep comforters on the matress - and fabulous, ultra white eqyptian cotton bedding. I was in heaven!! I have never slept on such a comfortable bed as this.I actually looked forward to getting back to my room every day to enjoy it all. I had beers  wine in the fridge, friends 'round to stay on the double sofa bed [spare linen already in room] and chose from a wide selection of take-out menus for the one or two nights in because it was such a pleasure. I also had an excellent view of the Empire State Building, all lit up Red, White  Blue - and every morning enjoyed a full cooked breakfast in the excellent buffet breakfast room, adjacent to the trendy library and lounging areas. I didn't use the smart gym, but it looked great.My stay was faultless - even the staff were extremely friendly and helpful. I cannot recommend this Hotel highly enough.Finally to add credit to my review, I rarely gush, but I have stayed in many Hotels of all standards around the World over the years - and this one rates as one of the best value considering it's high standards. Trust me and book this place if it is available, you will not be disappointed.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Harante
<Content>Great Place Great Location This has to be the nicest Residence Inn I have ever stayed at. It is new - which helps. Great location being just a few blocks from Times Square, the Garden, 5th Ave. Only one block to the subway station. I would stay here again in a heartbeat.Hands down the most comforatble hotel bed I have ever slept on. In fact, we chose to go back to the room instead of wandering NYC one evening as the bed was so inviting.We did not have any complaints with the fridge being noisy as others have noted. Room is like a very compact studio - a kitchenette with fridge, coffee maker, dishwasher and sink. Bath is small, but I have seen worse. In room safe worked wonderfully.My husband declared the complimentary coffe in the breakfast room the best he ever had. It was always available.We were worried about the elevators as others have noted issues, but aside from one morning, we never had to wait long if at all. The conceirge was very helpful in directing us to good retaurants that were not touristy or spendy (for NY anyways!).One minor issue is free internet is not wireless in the rooms - so don't forget the cords.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the self catering facilities We chose the Residence Inn in Manhattan because as a family we wanted to be able to save money by eating some meals in during our 10 day stay. With it's kitchen, including full sized refrigerator, microwave and dishwasher we were certainly able to do this. With a number of delis in the same block and a few trips to the Wholefoods Market in Union Square we were able to reheat and cook food easily, plus keep a steady supply of fruit and drinks available. The daily breakfast was a real bonus as was the supply of coffee, hot chocolate, newspapers and books to read in the third floor lounge area. My husband and I really enjoyed having this area to escape to for a bit of peace of a night while the kids were watching television. Rooms were a reasonable size for New York although when the sofa bed was folded out there is not a lot of room to move around. We requested a couple of extra chairs so that more than two people could sit comfortably at the table to eat, which was not a problem. As many people have already mentioned the staff and service in this hotel was exceptional. Every person we met was cheerful and genuine in their desire to assist us. We were also there when the fire alarm went off, but rather than seeing it as a problem we figured that it was just one of the teething problems of a new hotel. The benefits of a new hotel - crisp new bedding and towels, fresh smell, helpful staff, and plentiful food - far outweighed the one negative. We would definitely stay there again. Location and facilities were brilliant particulary if you are staying for more than a couple of days.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>globetrotter94
<Content>Who designed it?   showReview(4452155, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 11, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place   showReview(4442886, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 7, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>NixKitz
<Content>Excellent, would definitely recommend   showReview(4390806, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 27, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>New NYC Residence Inn a hit   showReview(4387947, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 25, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jamwilson
<Content>Nice New Hotel with some bugs to work out   showReview(4365146, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 19, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel   showReview(4362337, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 19, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RhondaP13
<Content>The staff were wonderful   showReview(4358901, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 17, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Paper thin walls ------   showReview(4357478, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 17, 2006
<Rating>1	3	2	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cschrum
<Content>Loved the Residence Inn   showReview(4324398, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DAD33
<Content>Excellent hotel   showReview(23262352, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>pampa31
<Content>Position centrale et hautes prestations   showReview(22287031, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>ronanb15
<Content>Exceptionnel rapport qualit prix   showReview(21077123, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gaenseklein
<Content>Sehr gutes Hotel in zentraler Lage       Bett Bad Zimmer 911  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	3	5	

<Author>alcorconero
<Content>Muy nuevo y bien situado   showReview(18065117, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>jampi10
<Content>Fantastico ubicacion servicio comodidad   showReview(17293322, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>wuelem
<Content>Tolles Hotel in genialer Lage   showReview(14987128, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>ukkia
<Content>vacanza perfetta   showReview(14577633, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>businesstraveller55
<Content>Ottimo al centro di Manhattan   showReview(13084596, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent rapport qualit prix et situation dans Manhattan   showReview(13202814, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent htel idalement plac aux pieds de brodway   showReview(11316560, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Trip_lolo
<Content>Par piti, n'y mangez pas !   showReview(10854257, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 16, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>elcoco1
<Content>Grosse Zimmer, amerikanische Reinigungsstandard und Wartezeiten   showReview(6841975, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	2	-1	2	-1	3	

