<Author>lkduvall
<Content>A perfect stay...... From start to finish, our stay was perfect. It actually began earlier by asking and being granted early check in. This allowed us to settle in and then out to see the city. We stopped at Le Bar for a drink after checking in, chatted with the congenial bartender and staff - about 10 min later we are surprised with a special anniversary dessert! (the reason for our stay) The room and each staff member we spoke with made our stay very special. We will surely visit the Sofitel again!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>luxlovernyc
<Content>Ideal in all respects We chose the Sofitel because of its location and the reviews on this site. We were not disappointed. First, the location is ideal for virtually everything. The Mall is only about 4-5 blocks and all sights -- from the Capitol to the Smithsonian are walkable as well if you're fit and like to walk. We were lucky with the weather so only took the Metro or cabs in the evening. As for the hotel, it's extremely comfortable and the service is excellent. From the front desk, to the concierge (Andrew is great!) to the door staff, everyone was warm, friendly and extremely helpful. The rooms, as described, are smallish, but very well outfitted and in no way cramped. We had asked for and got a corner room, so we had windows and light galore, which was nice. We've stayed in lots of hotels, including Ritz's, which we love, but this competed on every level and was one of the cleanest places I've ever seen, with virtually no signs of wear and tear anywhere. The gym was well-equipped and kept immaculate, with fruit and headphones there for the taking. A great coffee/tea service every morning in the lobby added to the sense of overall comfort and service. All in all a great place to stay and my number 1 choice in Washington for the future. Last year we stayed at Dupont Circle at the Palomar, and while certainly a nice hotel, this beat it on all respects, especially location.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lovelabslots
<Content>Great stay I stayed at the Sofitel for one week in November and one week in December for business. I have nothing negative to say about the experience except the lack of a concierge being available on the first trip. The room was not that large, but the bed was very comfortable and the bathroom was nice. The staff was generally very nice and helpful. I had take out from the restaurant once and room service for breakfast once and both meals were really good. The hotel is so conveniently located, would definitely recommend for the business traveler.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>blackcattelco
<Content>Sofitel Quality Surperb Location Very pleasant stay in corner room with a complementry wine  cheese welcome in our package for $189. we ate at the little bistro which was also very good. SO WHY DO THEY SPOIL IT WITH SUBSTANDARD INTERNET CONNECTION with dial-up speed and then have the cheek to CHARGE $10 for it???? to be fair they refunded the fee when i complained but even FOR FREE it would be BAD VALUE!!!  
<Date>Dec 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rebeccacovb
<Content>In a word, OUTSTANDING We booked our hotel through Hotwire and were pleased to discover we would be staying at the Sofitel. We were expecting a pleasant stay in a nice hotel. We were blown away by the hotel and its staff. From the valet park, the front desk, Cynthia the concierge, the bell staff, housekeeping, room service, the restaurant......every single person went out of their way to cater to us. The room was well appointed, the view of the alley/office was inconsequential. The bed was super comfortable, bathroom equipped with both a shower and bathtub as well as plenty of toiletries and fluffly absorbent towels. The closet was typically European, a bit small but again, inconsequential. We will return to DC and make sure we stay at the Sofitel.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ajashet
<Content>This is the place to have your business meeting!! I have worked in the hospitality industry for 25 years, many of those years evaluating hotels and resorts over the world...most on the level of Ritz Carltons, Preferred Hotels, Four Seasons, et al. Without hesitation this was the best experience I have ever had holding a meeting at a hotel. The service was consistently immediate, courteous, professional and complete. From the doormen to the front desk to the operators I experienced the same level of service. This is now the only place I will hold meetings while in DC.The property was so good that many of our staff and trustees have switched their allegiance to the Sofitel.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Marc1970
<Content>A Great Hotel for a Business Meeting I booked and coordinated a team meeting for 9 people shortly before Christmas. The Sales Manager was thoroughly professional and reasonable in my dealings with her (that's you Rhonda!!). My Conference Services Manager really made the meeting a success. All of our arrangements were handled accurately, thoroughly and in a very timely fashion. Special requests made before and during the meeting didn't pose any problems either. I was really impressed with her professionalism (Thanks Jessica!!).The guest rooms were great and very well soundproofed. I almost forgot that I was in a major city.Not only would I absolutely book a meeting here again, I would stay as a tourist as well. The entire staff really made you feel like a valued guest, from the doorman to the front desk to the housekeeping staff.Marc (last name withheld)  
<Date>Dec 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>yomaryjo
<Content>Great stay at the Sofitel My husband and I stayed at the Sofitel for three nights right before Thanksgiving. We could not have had a better time or stayed at a nicer hotel. The location was great. We walked everywhere and always knew how to get back to the hotel due to the direction from the Washington Monument. If you could find the monument - which was easy - you could find your way back. The hotel staff were the best part of the hotel. Jameson and Laura were the ideal Front Desk Guru's. They could answer any questions and were fun to deal with. The concierge, Andrew, was great. He was personable, charming and had great restaurant recommendations. He made all our dinner reservations - and got us both great tables and great restaurants. Germain - the great gentleman who helped with the baggage was a delight to joke with. The room was beautiful and the room service was great. We enjoyed wonderful desserts in the most comfortable bed after a long day of sightseeing. Coffee in the morning was delicious and served to our room quickly. The shower was powerful and the room spotless. All in all, this hotel is a great place to stay in a great location with a great staff.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BostonWino
<Content>Good hotel, a few gripes The Sofitel Layfayette Square is a very elegant hotel. The place is very clean, the rooms and particularly the bathrooms are beautifully designed and decorated. The beds are some of the best I've ever slept on. The staff are exceptionally polite and helpful. Nonetheless, I don't think I'll stay here again, for a few reasons that are mostly the result of my own relatively minor gripes about what makes a hotel stay comfortable for me.1) Many rooms face alleyway. It seems like at least a quarter of the rooms face a dark alleyway in the back of the hotel. There is another building across this alleyway, so when the curtains are open, you are literally on display to the office workers in this other building. Further, this alleyway is busy with deliveries and trash removal fairly constantly, so there's quite a bit of noise. Lastly, this alleyway is blindingly illuminated at night. In short, the shades of your room need to be drawn pretty much 24 hours a day.2) No thermostat in rooms. I tend to like my room on the cold side, and my guess is the room was kept at about 75 degrees, night and day, which made it pretty stuffy for me.3) No coffee in the room. I tend to need coffee right when I wake up, and there is no coffee pot in the room. There is free coffee in the lobby, which means you have to make yourself at least somewhat presentable before you venture downstairs.4) No free wireless. Wireless internet access is $5.99 per day. It's provided by T-Mobile, and requires you fill out a lengthy form and provide your credit card number. My first complaint was just bad luck. 2-4 are the reasons I probably will choose another hotel next time. Even discount hotels provide thermostats, in-room coffee and free wireless, so I'm fairly surprised that these amenities were not available at the Sofitel.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	4	4	4	5	2	

<Author>Necne
<Content>problems remedied Beautiful hotel, great location.My first room had carpet stains; they moved me to another. It was quite cold and the thermostat had no effect when I raised it.They quickly sent a repairman. Ten minutes later, nice warm air and no more problems.No hotel is perfect, so high marks for quick fixes at the Sofitel, D.C.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>jayce11
<Content>5 Stars for the Sofitel I had the pleasure of stay at the Sofitel this past weekend while in town visiting some friends and touring the sights. I was amazed by the friendliness of the staff, beautiful guestrooms and excellent location. I could not have asked for a better hotel. I had an excellent dinner in the Restaurant and the room service was delicious and speedy. I will certainly return to the Sofitel the next time I am in DC!  
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Russ324
<Content>Excellent Stay at Sofitel Washington DC Sofitel Washington DCDate: Nov. 18  19, 2008I have just returned from a two night stay at the Sofitel Washington DC. Wow, what service!!! Nothing about this hotel was a disappointment. As usual, DC was crowded and hotel rooms were in short supply. The Sofitel Management at the hotel worked with myself and my business partner to ensure that we had the extra room that was needed at the last minute. What an experience, from the time we got out of the cab until we left the hotel, the service was impeccable. Denis Dupart, the General Manager, and his staff, makes sure that every need is taken care of. The restaurants are wonderful, with quick breakfasts for getting to those meetings in time, and the bar, (apparently a local favorite) was great. Rooms were beautiful with more than the usual amenities, and spotlessly clean.This was my second visit to the Sofitel in Washington DC for business, and it will be the only hotel I stay at on future trips.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>WestcoastguyYVR
<Content>Amazing hotel This hotel is amazing.Primary purpose of trip was for business.The location is excellent, only 2 blocks from white house.The room is very modern, and very clean. It's really nice when you are travelling for work and alone and away from home to stay somewhere that feels bright, modern, and clean.The bed is amazingly comfortable. You'll have a great nights sleep.The restaurant breakfast was excellent. One of the best breakfasts I've ever had. It might be a bit expensive for breakfast, but if you can swing it, try it. Especially if you can get it included in your rate!The internet access isn't necessarily included in your rate, and even if it is, it is the wired internet access that is included (not wireless). And it was down one night, so might not be that reliable. If you have the choice, choose the T-Mobile hotspot wireless which is available here and is $9.95/day I think.I will stay here again no questions. In fact, if I have the chance to stay at other Sofitel's in other city's, I will give them a try also.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>johan_belgium
<Content>probably the best hotel in dc I can agree with the other visitors below that everything in this hotel is just great : room, bed, bathroom, personnel, food in bar and breakfast at Ici (OK, it's expensive, but it has superb quality has a fantastic atmosphere, and the most friendly and helpful waiters... plus in the area i didn't see decent breakfast alternatives). Location is also good, though the area is a bit sterile.One flaw: during our first night construction work started on the opposite building around 2 am. the noise was unsupportable. the reception desk agent was not able to give us another room as the system was out. next day they apologized that they were not aware of these works, if not they would have given us another room when checking in. also received e-mailed apologies from general manager. chapeau for this.bottom-line: can't wait to be back in washington and to stay at the sofitel.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>DanaSchou
<Content>Sofitel in DC is well located, great service, and amazing rooms! I recently stayed at the Sofitel in Washington DC and had a wonderful experience. I travel for work every week and having a great experience with a welcoming staff is very hard to come by, even in the 5 star hotels. Sofitel's staff was warm, welcoming, and very helpful (great Concerige). The room was the perfect size and I must say that the bed was the most comfortable bed I have slept in! The room was cleaned 2 a day! The bathroom is a great size with a tub and a shower. I worked in my room everyday with little interruption and amazing room service.The lobby bar was always happening and the food was spectacular. Overall, my experience was great and I plan on recommending this hotel to my co-workers and friends. Dana Schou  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jdf3361
<Content>Another class act by Sofitel I have stayed at Sofitel hotels in NYC, Miami  in Europe. The Sofitel in DC is perhaps the best of the chain and clearly a superb choice in DC. The St Regis  Mayflower are nearby and while their lobbies  common areas may be larger, they cannot compare to the sheer class of the Sofitel. The rooms are moderate in size and clearly are those of a 5 star hotel. The building is an historical building located two blocks from the White House and they have spared no cost in making this a class act of a hotel. The physical facilities of this hotel rate a five star and the food is honestly some of the best in DC and in keeping with Sofitel's reputation. Every amenity is provided, all staff are professional and will respond to any need. Above all too, the hotel is quiet.. The majority of the staff is European and this provides a great atmosphere in the hustle and bustle of downtown DC.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Luv2Travel_0619
<Content>Frightening stay. The hotel was lovely with trendy decor, comfortable beds, flat screen tv  marble bath. Unfortunately, our room was on the small side. All the pictures depicted two ottomans at the foot of the bed with room to spare. Well, our room didn鈥檛 have those because it could never have fit them.We ate lunch and dinner in the restaurant, Ici, and everything from the food to the d茅cor to the service was top notch.My biggest complaint about the hotel was the fire alarm going off in our room at 4am telling us to leave the building immediately (only for everyone on the 4th, 5th  6th floors we found out later). After getting the hell scared out of us -- quickly getting dressed and trudging out to the street in the middle of the night -- they told us it was a false alarm. However, upon arrival back at our room it went off 2 more times. Obviously, it could not have been pulled 3 times, it must have been faulty. The hotel staff never came up to our floor or called our rooms to say it was another false alarm either. I had to call the front desk and ask.Upon check out, when my reply to how was your stay? was met with the first night was just awful with the fire alarm going off at 4am. Their response was I'm sorry about that and nothing more. She must have known about it and could clearly see it on was our floor. I would think the hotel would at least offer to compensate us in some way to make up for taking a few years off my life. I mean, at the time, we had no idea it was false alarm and we thought there really might be a fire. I was terrified. We rushed around like lunatics throwing on our clothes and grabbing what we could. I鈥檝e stayed in dozens and dozens of hotels all around the world, never experienced something like that and expected a better response for such a serious incident.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	5	5	4	2	-1	

<Author>MBG21
<Content>Our Favorite Hotel in Washington, D.C. My husband and I just spent the weekend here, and the Sofitel is our very favorite in Washington. We have stayed at almost all of the major hotels in the city and this is our second trip to the Sofitel. This time reinforced the positive experience we had there the first time. It has a quiet elegance, an extremely helpful and friendly staff, lovely rooms, and it is all spotlessly clean. You just feel relaxed and taken care of. And it is a great value, as well.The concierge, Cynthia , was so helpful and gracious. She was able to get us a lovely dinner reservation at Kinkead's and assisted us with directions to several colleges on Sunday. She is extremely professional and her welcoming attitude reinforced how great a hotel experience we had. We are quite fussy and the experience exceeded our expectations. M G - New Jersey  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Rumario
<Content>A good stay Sofitel has an excellent location. All the main attractions are in walking distance. The hotel is smart and hospitable (although slightly pretentious). The concierge was very helpful and the bar was pleasant. Breakfast was quite expensive and I would suggest dining elsewhere if you staying here for tourism and are on a budget.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dangrad
<Content>Beyond Snooty Stayed here for a business meeting/conference (I didn't pick the hotel). Was put off by the snootiness of the staff (who was the guest here). The printer in the business center worked the first day, then had a sign on it that it was temporarily out of service (for the rest of the week). Had to ask every day for a newspaper, even though requested at check-in to have a newspaper every day. Front desk staff are attractive but don't seem to have much brains.Service by doorman was sporadic (sometimes he came running to open the door for us, others he just glanced at us as we entered or exited.Rooms were smallish by modern standards (location is an historic building) but the beds and pillows were the most comfortable I've experienced in a long, long time. Rooms were decorated stylishly. Surprised the guest rooms windows didn't open. Shower door leaked water onto the floor. Some days we'd get more bath linens than others.The food was very good (above banquet standards by far) and the catering staff were pleasant. Selection of beverages for our meeting included many unique choices such as Starbucks Doubleshots and Red Bull, which I hadn't seen before.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	2	2	2	

<Author>left_at_eaglecap
<Content>Small, expensive and pretentious I guess I expected more for $450 per night. What I got was a very small room, staff with a bit of an attitude and a double hold on my credit card amounting to twice the amount I paid for the three nights I was there. I took nearly a week's worth of phone calls to get these erroneous hold removed from my account.Stay at the Embassy Suites at Dupont Circle, you will have much more room, al ot less attitude all at less than half the cost of the Sofitel.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>3	1	3	4	3	2	3	2	

<Author>2muchtravel41
<Content>Ridiculous price for shabby room I arrived with business colleagues to attend a meeting in DC for 4 nights and was told that they could not accommodate us the first night. Sofitel us put up at the Hay Adams (turned out to be a huge bonus { they also paid for our rooms} in a really beautiful hotel) but we had to move back the following night to the Sofitel when they had room for us. Fine except for all the wrinkled clothing and the hassle of coordinating meetings around the move between the 2 hotels.My room had a big scary cigarette hole in the carpet and stains elsewhere. Construction(?) numbers were bleeding through the wallpaper, the ceiling access in the bathroom was badly beaten up along with the plumbing fascias hanging off the wall. To top it off, a letter left to some one else welcoming them to the hotel. Perhaps left over from another disgruntled customer moving hotels or at least a reasonably maintained room for a purported luxury hotel.When I mentioned this to the front desk, they shrugged and charged me $420/night plus all the taxes anyway.Not impressed.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	5	2	2	2	3	

<Author>rcarp626
<Content>Sofitel - yes, will stay there again My husband and I stayed there for 3 nights and we were very satisfied. The room overlooked the courtyard area (i.e. no view), but we were tired, there on business and the solitude and quiet was perfect for relaxing after a long day. The bed was comfortable and the attention to detail in terms of outfitting the room was quite nice. The crown moulding, the layout of the bathroom and the placement of the bathroom to the common area was well thought out. The room was small-ish but very comfortable. The only reason this did not receive an excellent rating is due to the stains on the carpet. However, I must add that the slippers that were supplied made this a non-issue. The bathrobe (only 1 - why?) was very clean as were the linens. The staff was very friendly, compentent and professional. We ate in the hotel's bar for a quick lunch and it was above average. The location was excellent if one is there as a tourist. The concierge supplied us with appointments at a spa nearby so the fact that there isn't a spa on the premises is not an issue. We would defintely stay there again. Didn't see a single child during our stay - nice, quiet, clean. Good for a business trip and/or peace, quiet and comfort.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>dgr1968NewJersey
<Content>Life IS Magnifique! Stayed here on business for 6 nights and can't say enough good things about the Sofitel....wonderful room, services, and ammenities, not to mention the enjoyable bar and food services. My room was quiet and well maintained while I was out on business in such a great city. Everyone I encountered (staff) was gracious and willing to help with anything I needed. A wonderful experience.....I'll definitely return!  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jill_Downunder
<Content>Fantastic hotel I stayed here on business for 7 nights, and it is a superb hotel. After nearly 30 hours flying or in airports from Australia, it was so good to walk into a hotel where the staff were so polite, courteous, warm and helpful. Nothing is too much trouble here - I have made full use of a range of services (room service, housekeeping, laundry service, internet service) and they have been almost completely faultless.I had one minor issue with delayed return of laundry, and when I complained, the staff bent over backwards to deliver my clean laundry as soon as possible, and did not charge for the laundry by way of compensation.The room service meals are generous and even at 1am, when I couldn't sleep and ordered a hot chocolate, the service was prompt and a HUGE jug of steaming hot chocolate was delivered to my room.The room I stayed in (1005) was fantastic - very spacious, huge TV with pay TV channels (60 channels), wonderful Sofitel beds, lovely bathroom with Parisian toiletries, and plenty of room to work and set up the notebook computer.The hotel is also in a great location - just up the road from the White House, and up the road from the Mall, which has most of the monuments, memorials and museums. It's also just around the corner from the McPherson Square metro station, and the DC subway is really easy to use.Thoroughly recommend staying here - wouldn't consider staying anywhere else.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>the-duos
<Content>the schizophrenic sofitel had my aaa travel agent get prices...meanwhile i cked the web site sig savings on web sitewe are middle aged people who like to walk and this is an EXCELLENT location clean safe two blocks from white househere are the inconsistencies w/this hotel: arrived lst night, needed reg coffee for our coffee pot made 4 calls from 9:30 pm to 11 my last call i said...'just leave at door we're going to bed'imagine my disappointment when we got up next morning no coffee we're frazzled jet lagged etc ANOTHER phone callthey bring coffee but cups won't fix under machine ANOTHER phone callfor all those of you who are saying....'but i don't drink coffee....sub...request for.extra blanket pillow light bulb for lamp etc...and you will feel our frustration with this level of responsive servicethe people are very friendly and delightful HOWEVER 3 sep. concierges gave us 3 sep instructions on where to catch sight seeing bus...ALL WRONG! had to ask the corner cop to finally find the bushowever.....we like our room, lst night nothing was repenished not soaps water glass etcafter that ok...so i'm quoting my husband when i say schizophrenichad drink on patio 2 request to get bill gone unoticed finally asked 3 dif person as we had a tour going that day and deadlineno real 'coffee shop' be warned...$17 hamburgerno gift shop period you know how you always forget something and need that sundries itembecause of the inconsistencies probably wouldn't stay there again, but that's just usagain, xlnt locations to restaurants such as old ebbits m  s grillchef geoff and sightseeing  
<Date>Oct 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>josefa68
<Content>Well located Stayed here for 6 nights while on vacation recently. In dealing with the staff beforehand they were very efficient and friendly. We were also upgraded to a corner room. We arrived late and were checked in speedily.We found that the rooms were well equipped with iron, mini bar etc and liked the toiletries (which were replenished frequently unlike some hotels), the fresh flowers in the bathroom and the complimentary evian water. However, the decor seems a *little* dated - the European Sofitels are far more luxurious.We enjoyed drinks and bar snacks in Le Bar several times. There's a good selection of wines by the glass and the food is tasty and well priced. However, service is appallingly slow - very French! Concierge was brilliant and the reception and bell staff were friendly and efficient. Our sink was broken and this was fixed within the hour - however when we mentioned lightbulbs that were out these were never fixed. I guess the service is somewhat spotty.Overall though, a good hotel in a really excellent location - one block from the metro and two from the White House.Recommended.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>Japan_Gaijin
<Content>Solid choice The Sofitel is well located near the White House and Mall. The decor is a little off and some elements make it feel like a refurbished Ramada; however, all-in-all a good place to stay. Service was very good. Rooms were comfortable. Lobby bar and restaurant are stylish and comfortable.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>brill95
<Content>Central and efficient This is a contemporary. modern hotel just a couple of blocks up from the White House, so perfect for sightseeing. It's an efficient business hotel, the rooms aren't that big but they are adequate and comfortable . I was upgraded to a corner room which was bigger than the normal rooms and it was light and airy.The front desk was helpful and pleasant and there is a good bar, which fills up quickly and has a good atmosphere. The cafe/breakfast area was the one down point - it was totally lacking in atmosphere, the food was average and it was quite expensive. I'd stick to the bar where you can get good snacks in a better atmosphere.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>Fennings
<Content>Smart and welcoming Made a great first impression when we arrived by taxi and had our bags looked after and brought to the room. The room was quiet, modern, large and very well equipped. There was complementary coffee and tea every morning in the bar and the choice of breakfast in the street cafe or restaurant. Breakfast menu very comprehensive with lots of fruit and pastries. My wife is vegetarian and there was never a problem. Evening menu excellent, with bar meals also available. Hotel is only a couple of blocks from the White House, and from an excellent bus tour, On Board, which leaves from the Old Post Office. All staff were excellent, spontaneously courteous and helpful. Easy access to internet for emails. A very good hotel and a very pleasant stay.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>sars4619
<Content>Hotel Gem of Comfort!!       Sofitel  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kmcmcm
<Content>Sofitel worked out great with a baby My husband and I had a wonderful stay on the 4th floor at the Sofitel with our 8 month old. The entire room gave us the feeling that it was newly refurnished and we weren't the thousandth people to roam the floors and sleep in the bed. Our room was exceptionally clean, which was important with a child who is anxious to begin crawling. The pack-n-play that was sent to our room was also clean (although we brought our own sheet). The staff was very courteous and friendly to us and always smiled and made our daughter laugh. The location is great, although it was a long walk to certain museums in the July heat. We got a great price from the hotel website. Room service options for dinner were very limited and expensive so we got take out from Old Ebbitt which was wonderful. Overall, we would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>adar
<Content>not surprising it is rated so high There is not much to add to the previous reviews. This is a fantastic hotel. Perfect in every way, including very pleasant and functional interior design. Excellent noise insulation, including insulation from bathroom noise even in your own room.Room service breakfast was great, with a 2 person order having enough for 3.One interesting anecdote to show how good service is. When checking in we were told about the in-suite mini-bar. We asked if it was possible to store some milk in it. We were told that it was not suitable because it did not really cool its content. A few minutes after we got to the room we were surprised to see that a mini-fridge was being delivered to our room.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RJKCAT
<Content>Perfect in almost every way Got out of the cab in front of the hotel and we courteously greeted by the Doorman. The courteous and helpful staff didn't stop there. From the extremely helpful (and patient) people at the front desk, to room service personnel and housekeeping (who brought us a top sheet and extra pillows in only a few minutes after our request), everyone was just so nice. The room was extremely clean, loved the totally separate bathroom and HD TV. The bed was comfortable. Only problem was the view, which faced another building. At first we were going to ask for another room, but this room was positioned at such a place in the hotel that it was extremely quiet, so we remained and really enjoyed our stay. It's around the corner from the White House, and a block away from the subway. Perfect location! Had breakfast at the hotel each morning and was VERY happy. Prices were high, no doubt, but we expected that. (I never had oatmeal with bananas creme brulee style.) We had stayed at a Sofitel in Rome and will continue to stay at Sofitels throughout our travels.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mqp2874
<Content>Almost perfect hotel in a great location I vascillated between the Mandarin Oriental and Sofitel for my trip to Washington, D.C., but ended up going with the Sofitel due to lukewarm TripAdvisor reviews of the MO.In truth -- I would give the Sofitel a 4.5, but since TripAdvisor does not allow half-ratings, I have rounded up to 5 because I feel it would be unfair to give a 4. The Sofitel is a beautiful hotel ideally located in the heart of the city, just a few blocks away from the White House and close to most of the major monuments. (It is also just one block away from the metro -- very convenient for folks without a car!)The hotel is very nicely furnished with a mix of traditional and modern furniture. The front desk service was exceptional -- the staff was extremely friendly, accommodating, and knowledgable about the area. We arrived a couple of hours early, and expected to wait -- but were given a room immediately, and were even upgraded to a better suite. The hotel has a business center on the ground floor where you can check your e-mail, and even print out what you need. That was great. I find many hotels offer Internet access, but no printer!Our room was very nice -- on the 11th floor... a good size with a fantastic view of the city. The bathroom was VERY nice -- with a separate tub and shower stall. The toiletries were good (a hotel rarity) -- you also get a robe and slippers. But... BEWARE! The bathroom lighting is universally unflattering. As soon as I caught a glimpse of myself in the mirror, I was seized with panic and an urge to run to the nearest dermatologist's office. The rooms come with plenty of closet space, a big desk, and a large flat-screen TV, plus an ottoman and chairs for sitting. Air-conditioning is good and nearly silent. The bed is large with feather pillows and a down comforter. (For those who are allergic, I suggest you notify the hotel in advance so they can accommodate you.) There is turn-down service with free bottles of evian water to quench that p.m. thirst. My one quibble with the bed was that I found it too soft. But then -- I like hard beds, so it may just be me. The only other thing that bothered me about the room was the carpet. The carpet is white, and does not appear to be super stain-resistant. So -- although I was sure the room was clean -- there was an ink stain in a corner and a wine stain that was clearly old and would not come out. This is unfortunate, since it marred the overall appearance of the room, which was otherwise beautiful. I hope the hotel chooses a more stain-restistant or darker flooring the next time around. There is a bar and restaurant in the hotel. We did not eat at the restaurant, but did have drinks and food at the bar. Both seem very popular -- not just with the hotel guests -- but with the locals. The outdoor seating area is very nice in summer, and great for people-watching. Drinks and food are moderate-to-expensive. (I recommend the tapas plate -- very hearty and tasty.)The bar also offers free coffee and tea in the mornings. The service at the bar was spotty -- overall good, with a couple of exceptions. For example, when taking away our plates one night -- our waitress asked us to take our forks out of the dirty plate (the handles were soiled!), saying we needed to hold on to them for the dessert plate. That was weird. Couldn't she bring us a couple of fresh forks? On another morning, we showed up at the bar at 10:15 looking for coffee, but it was over. The front desk clearly told us coffee was available in the bar every day from 7 a.m. to 11 a.m. These are minor issues, but worth noting -- some members of the bar staff need better training. I can't speak for the restaurant. We did not make use of the gym, but there is one... Overall, the Sofitel is a great hotel. Not exactly a 5, but definitely a 4.5. I recommend it without reservation, and should add that I think it is a GREAT VALUE -- you get much, much more than you'd expect for the money.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>eddy_8
<Content>Great Hotel       Great Hotel...Very Nice Bathroom  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>elmtree
<Content>It was ok.... We stayed here for three nights...and it was ok...not great, but ok...the beds were comfy..I had to pay an additional $30.00 a night for two beds..I had my grandson with me..The bathroom was ok..nice shower and great shampoos and such..The people were nice...BUT DO NOT under any circumstances eat at their cafe.It cost me $50.00 for two sandwichs and fries...AND it took over 45 minutes to get it to the table,..UNREAL!!@! Bottom line is...it ok...just ok...the location is ok...but it sure could use some medium priced restraurants around it...My grandson could care less about where and what he ate, so $50.00 for a meal was a bit much...Next time I will find some place surrounded more with shopping and dining options...  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	2	4	4	4	3	

<Author>68kang
<Content>superb experience My wife and I met her brother and wife from the mid-west at the Sofitel DC in April for 4 nights. We pre-purchased our room on the Sofitel website--which was an excellent rate. We had a wonderful stay in Washington DC. The room was very nice, although it faced an inner courtyard. We were happy with the room because the rate was so reasonable. The room was very clean and the hotel was in a great location. We ate in the hotel and got recs. from the hotel on nearby restaurants--all were exceptional. We took a cab to Georgetown to sample that area and ate at a restaurant recommended by the hotel. Again--great!. The subway stop was just around the corner and the Whitehouse and monuments were within walking distance if you are in reasonable shape. Our first night--we walked to the monuments--highly recommended to see them at night and in the daylight. I left my sunglasses in he room after checkout and the hotel did an exceptional job of helping me replace them. All in all --I would highly recommend this hotel to all --- couple from Washington State  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>HuarenToronto
<Content>Great rooms Stayed at this hotel for 4 nights. Fantastic views (we were on the top floor) and absolutely quiet. Room was spacious, well appointed and good options - including DVD, CD, etc. The lobby area is small with options for fine dining or bistro. Bistro food is good but the staff are a little inconsistent (good and bad ones). The fine dining is good, simple and well staffed. As is the front desk staff. Overall, enjoyable hotel, easy access to everything (and walking to most sites and locations as well), subway stop about 5 minute walk away, and well located slightly north of the Whitehouse.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>Lucy_Jones
<Content>Slightly disappointed Maybe our expectations were heightened having read all the rave reviews before we left. Or maybe we were just a bit fussy having come directly from more American style hotels where the service is slightly slicker. But we couldn't help feeling mildly disappointed with the Sofitel. Don't get me wrong - the rooms are excellent and are really well equipped. Our room was also very quiet, which given the central location was a real achievement. The bed was comfortable and the aircon worked brilliantly - essential in July/August. We really liked the bar which was very funky and the food/drinks were really good there. The location can't be beaten as it is right in the centre of everything and only one block from a metro station so you can get everywhere really easily. The thing we felt let it down slightly was the service. All the staff were really willing but we felt the place was a bit under-staffed by US standards. For example we had lunch in the bar twice. The first time the staff were great but the second (when it was busier but by no means full) we had to ask for menus, then ask to place our order, then ask to pay the bill and left before our table had been cleared - you get the picture...Breakfast was a similar experience - there didn't really seem to be a system with the result that despite a half empty dining room we had to wait for a table to be cleared both times. This was accomplished by removing items from other tables - explains why we had several items missing from ours. Tables remained uncleared for extended periods and seemed only to be attended to when someone else arrived and needed to be seated. Again, lots of waiting around for menus, orders to be taken etc. In a word I'd say the service was quite European - a bit laid back and not as slick as you come to expect in the USI have to say on the plus side the food was always excellent.We also had a continual problem with the keycards which kept having to be re-cut by reception. Apparently the metal detectors (at practically every attraction in DC) can affect them - although we are regular visitors to DC and haven't had this problem with any other hotel keycards. I am perhaps being a little over-critical because we got a very good rate and so it worked out excellent value for money. Would I stay there again? Possibly.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>Earthcare
<Content>Shame they lost my booking! I booked this hotel because it came up as the best sub $300 / night Washington Hotel on Trip advisor, but breakfast and internet will take you over this budget. With supper and drinks in the bar, breakfast  internet it cost me $381.28.I would have stayed two nights, but despite receiving a confirmation email, they lost my booking and moved me to the Willard InterContinental which is definately a better hotel, despite what the other reviewers say!  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	4	4	2	4	3	

<Author>FamManIN
<Content>First Class - For Real!! There is everything to love about this place (unless you need a swim.) I did not eat here but stayed 4 nights (TH-SU) of total comfort and cleanliness and friendliness (great bathroom.) Everything I needed, especially the greatest location two blocks from White House, Old Ebbit Grill, K Street, one block to Metro, fastest-never-waited-elevators. Very Nice - worth whatever you pay (look for deals) and nothing to complain about unless you are a 'never happy' weirdo. I even spared the silly wireless fees by using the free computers in the business center. Keep up the great job, Sofitel DC personnel.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>TorbenFromDenmark
<Content>Excellent property First time in Washington and in Sofitel property. We booked based on the Tripadvisor user-rating/reviews.This is indeed a very nice hotel. Based on a guidebook we had requested a 2nd og 3rd floor room facing H og 15th street. This was acknowledeg by the hotel via e-mail. When checking in we were upgraded to a Junior suite which was, however facing the hotel back-yard. Overall we appriciatede the very lareg room and that fully compensated for the missing view of the street.Highlights:Extremly attentive and helpfull staff!Very comfortable room - a very spacious junior suite.Niche touches as a small bottle of water with the turn-down service.Any requests are delt with promptly.Room-service is prompt and delicious (Tried only one time).Large flat-screen with too many channels and functions to count.Concierge desk is very knowledgeble and friendly.Minor flaws:We requested two individual duvets insted of then one - this was not available.No view from room.I compleeted a questionaire from the hotel sent by e-mail a few days later. They returned promptly and said what they were doing about the minor flaws I had mentioned.Overall would highly reccomend the hotel if you are visitning Washington DC.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>pims2007
<Content>An oasis in the capital After checking out at the Sofitel New York, we were eager to see if their collegues in DC were able to provide us with the same level of service! Yvette at the front desk checked us in and gave a promise that they would be even better. Our room was facing the offices of the next building but we didnt mind. As in NYC, the windows appears to be soundproof, except for the occational sirens we heard nothing! The room was even spacier than Sofitel NYC. Same spotless standard! The aircon was VERY silent, now and then I had to check whether it was running or not.The location could not been better, a mere 10 minutes walk from the White House. And when it was getting really hot outside, it was a pleasure to return to this oasis every day. We didnt have dinner at the hotel but the breakfast was a feast. God I miss the orange juice! Best I have tasted in my life!Highy reccommended!! You will not be dissapointed! Tom  Synne  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pz25
<Content>Perfect For a Short Break Selected this hotel from past reviews on Tripadvisor website, and was not diappointed. I only planned a short stay in DC (2 nights), so location was my priority. In saying that, I could have not been more pleased with this hotel. It was within walking distance (about 3 mins walk) from the White House, and main shopping areas. There were also plenty of places to eat nearby. The hotel staff were all very friendly, and the hotel was of an excellent standard. Would definately stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Geoff21
<Content>This is it! This is a great hotel. We stayed over a weekend and thought that the price was really good value for money. The position can't be beaten for viewing all the significant sights of DC - just round the corner from the White House. The staff are amazingly helpful, especially door staff and the concierge, Mark, who can arrange anything and has all the facts and details of each sight at his fingertips. The rooms are A1 with 42 HD TVs and the beds are really comfortable. There is complementary coffee in the bar until 10.30 am, but unfortunately, no coffee-making facilities in the rooms. Breakfast in the hotel's Ici Cafe was classy and not over-expensive for what you get. So there are only three suggestions I could make for improvement: reduce the $18 per day valet parking charge; provide coffee-making facilities in rooms; and (difficult) build a swimming pool so that guests can cool down after all the walking around the sights on a hot day.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>melissamccrink
<Content>Great Hotel We booked through Priceline, so of course we enjoyed our bidding price--But, I would have paid full price for this hotel. The staff far exceeded our expectations.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ExPat_Tourists
<Content>Outstanding customer service at the Sofitel DC I have just experienced an exceptional business meeting and weekend stay at this hotel. While I do not often use superlatives to describe the hotels I encounter in my business travels , I am compelled to make an exception in the case of the Sofitel DC!! Every aspect of the business meeting I hosted at the hotel came off perfectly. The staff went out of their way to ensure that everything, from the room layout to the refreshments, was to my satisfaction. The conference services department was especially helpful in working out the details with my assistant and handling the many details - allowing me to focus only the content of the meeting itself.  I followed the business meeting with an especially memorable weekend in Washington with my 13 year old son. Here too, it seemed that everyone on the hotel staff was there to make our stay enjoyable - with warm smiles and gracious hospitality. Mark at the concierge desk was most helpful with recommendations and reservations. I was especially impressed by his interactions with my son - making him feel like an especially important guest! As I stated at the outset, such customer service at chain hotels catering to business travelers is (unfortunately) an exception these days. I found this hotel and its staff to be outstanding. I would higher recommend the place for both business and leisure travel!!  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Stephlino
<Content>Absolutely Beautiful Hotel!       Entrance to Hotel.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Bisou4U
<Content>Definitely Stay Here I loved this hotel. My husband and I spent three wonderful days here. The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable. We had late night drinks at the bar on several occasions; had a late night dinner in their restaurant; and ate breakfast each morning, also in the bar. Each time was perfect. Great drinks, food, coffee, croissants. The location was ideal to explore all the Washington sights. We did a lot of walking and also made use of the nearby subway. Though this is hardly an inexpensive place, it was a delight. We even met the French ambassador during our stay. There are a lot of French people who not only work at the hotel, but stay at the hotel. The room was large and nicely decorated. Would stay here again...absolutely.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>gradgirl123
<Content>amazing hotel Got a great deal here on priceline.comThe room was beautiful- very clean and modern with extremely comfortable bed. This was the best hotel I have ever stayed in. The shower was also wonderful.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>irishcait
<Content>Excellent Service Just spent 5 days at this hotel - it was incredibly convenient - right near the White House - the staff was incredible - especially the consierge - he went out of his way to help us. 1/2 price on week-ends so it was a real deal for the price.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>travelinbunny
<Content>Real Class I stayed at the Sofitel Lafayette for one night in May while in DC on business. I usually stay in Kimpton hotels while on business but, for some reason, I was booked at a Sofitel this time around. I'm thrilled that it worked out that way.My experience at Kimpton hotels have been a lot of attitude with little service. But, at this Sofitel, which you could tell was super high class, the staff was kind and helpful. There was no attitude at all, only good humored, happy people. Everyone from the front desk to the restaurant staff was more than gracious.My room was nice and looked out at the American Bar Association. I was only a couple of blocks from the White House, so that's what I did first thing upon arrival. Super close to both Metrorail as well as bus access.  
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>YC-YVR
<Content>Sleek modern downtown hotel       immaculate room  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	3	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>Abbots43
<Content>Faultless There is eveything to like about this hotel. The location allows you to walk / take the metro (1 block) to everywhere you would want to go and the rooms and service are exemplary.Check in was pleasant and efficient and the room absolutely silent from any extraneous noise with all the facitlities you would expect from a top hotel.What really nails the excellent rating is the helpfulness of the concierge and attitude of every single memeber of staff which was attentive and felt genuinely courteous.To cap it all off look out for some excellent rates available particulalry at weekends.We would absolutely no hesitation staying here again.  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>triniman1
<Content>perfect plus Just had the perfect week long stay at the Sofitel. All the staff from the front desk to the concierge, door men and maid were unfailingly friendly and helpful; nothing was too much trouble. As an example I couldn't figure out the television so rang the front desk; someone arrived within 5 minutes and sorted it out; 5 minutes later the front desk rang to see if it had been sorted to my satisfaction.Lovely room with Roger  Gallet toiletries and all areas of the hotel were in perfect condition; in addition the location is central to everything with a Metro station around the corner.Would choose the Sofitel again without hesitation; very highly recommended. You won't regret it!  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sandaUk
<Content>Good quality hotel We had a good stay here - close to the white house and bus/metro routes. A very smart hotel, clean and excellent service, with v good facitities - but more of a business hotel and geared towards that customer base, which made us feel a little uncomfortable as mere tourists. Prices at bar and bistro reflected that. As in the business district - very difficult to find places to eat in evenings that were a reasonable price - had to walk out of cbd to do so.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nicholebowers
<Content>Amazing service Got a great deal on the Sofitel through Hotwire for a short trip over the Christmas holiday with my fiance, and it was worth every penny. The staff was incredibly attentive and accommodating, particularly when I inquired about avoiding paying for parking. Location can't be beat - one block from the White House and very close to museums and the Mall. Workout facilities were top notch, in fact, I think they were even better than my $100+/month gym. Also enjoyed the free coffee and tea in the morning; just grab a paper and you can spend at least an hour relaxing in the bar area. Our room was nicely appointed and the beds were insanely comfortable. Only complaint is that our extra Tempur-pedic pillow was missing from the closet. I would highly recommend this hotel and would return in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>DanDay
<Content>Completely Satisfied My wife and I stayed at this hotel during the Cherry Blossom festival. We were very happy with our decision. The room was very spacious, very clean and updated. It was our anniversary so they upgraded us, however, our room looked like the room pictured on their website, so I'm not sure if our room was any bigger or had any additional amenities.The bathroom was very nice, lots of marble, and a separate glass enclosed shower and tub. There was also a nice 42 flat screen (LCD) television with High Def programming. Very nice, even though we didn't spend much time in the room to view it.Not much a view from the window, just basically other buildings, but at least they were architectually pleasing to the eye. The staff was very friendly. Did not visit the restaurant or bar, so cannot comment on them. Although, the bar was fairly busy in the evenings, but not loud. The location was great. It is less than a fifth of a mile to the White House. The Washington Monument and The Mall are a little less than a mile away - walking distance. If you don't feel like the walk, two metro stations are just a block away. During the weekend, there is not much in the way of restaurants to eat at (anytime of the day or night) in the immediate vicinity.Parking Tip: We were able to find parking on the street (even during the festival time) for FREE! Instead of paying the $35/day, we found metered parking on the street that did not require any money after 6pm. During the week, we had to move the car by 8am, but on the weekend you can leave it until about 10am. Big money saver!Overall, very happy with this hotel.P.S. The restaurant at the corner north from the hotel entrance, has the greasiest food (even the grits) and the absolute most obnoxious service I have ever experience in my entire life. Wouldn't go back if they were offering free food.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>blackknight1972
<Content>Wonderful Hotel As it was my 60th birthday we decided to go to Washington DC for my birthday celebrations and using Trip Advisor, selected Sofitel Hotel and what a good choice it was.Staff really friendly and helpful, food good, large bedroom, really comfortable room (no view) but we were out all day sightseeing so it didnt matter. On the day of my birthday we returned foot sore to discover a BIRTHDAY CAKE, a cherry gateux covered in chocolate wishing me happy birthday. Stay again , you bet.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>klcjbp
<Content>This place is top notch! Let me first say that I completely rely on TripAdvisor when planning out a vacation, but I've never posted a review until now. I decided that it was time to do so, because this hotel was great. My husband and I wanted a good location and at a great price. We booked the Sofitel directly through their website and got a great deal, although it was nonrefundable. This hotel is beautiful and well worth the risk of a nonrefundable fare (which is a reduced rate). The service was impeccable. I have traveled around the world and have never experienced service like we had at the Sofitel. The hotel was also extremely clean. I am normally one to hestifate about taking my socks off, but not here! It's also very close to the metro station, which made getting around really easy. My only complaint would be that our cell phone service (Sprint) did not get a reception in the hotel at all for some reason, so it quickly drained our cell batteries. Other than that, it was a great location and a great hotel. If we go back to D.C., we'll definitely stay at this hotel!  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>apollobyter
<Content>Hard to fault We booked through Orbitz and got a cheap room rate (which I assume was because it was a weekend stay and off season for tourism). When we arrived our room was upgraded to an executive suite, which was hard to fault. The room and its factilities were great and the bed was very comfortable.Location wise, very close to the White House and a Tube Stop.I would also recommend the Restaurant located in the hotel entrance - the food was excellent.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>RSI-Travellers
<Content>Wonderful Hotel! We stayed overnight at the Sofitel on our way to South Carolina. It was fabulous. We were travelling with our 10 month old, and were not sure how he would be received at the hotel. All of the staff were wonderful. Our room was great, extremely quiet! We never heard a peep from any other guests. The room was quite spacious, very nicely decorated and clean. We also splurged on room service, and were not disappointed. Prompt, efficient service. Overall, we were very impressed with the service we received and will definitely consider booking with Sofitel when we travel.The proximity to the White House, given the price ($200), can't be beat! Although it was raining during our stay and hence we didn't get to explore the area as much as we wanted to, the location is excellent. An easy walking distance to The Mall, the Capitol Building, Washington Monument, etc.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bentley47
<Content>Good LOcation for Downtown, unfortunately the rest of the stay didn't match Best rate downtown (Prepaid-no cancel $289)First room dirty carpet no a/c)Second room(signs of wera and tear) but a/c workedIndifferent front desk staff2 Poor Room service experiences both times came coldParking $17 a night twice had to wait for car even after calling 20 Minutes in advance.Last stay for me  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mandolin8
<Content>Understated Elegance, Great Location We stayed here for three nights. The service was actually quite good - a maintenance man came quickly to the room to fix a problem and ended up returning w/a small fridge that I used to keep items I purchased from a nearby Whole Foods. A maid also sprinted up to bring extra pillows I requested. A good choice if you are on an expense account or you find a rate under $300. A new French bistro on the first floor is fantastic and convenient.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KittyC93
<Content>Great hotel I stayed at this hotel last year, booking the flights and hotel through expedia and got a great rate. The hotel itself was wonderful, huge bed in a good sized room and the location for us was perfect. Just round the corner from the White House and the major sites were very close. Also right by a subway stop so easy to get to and from the airport and Arlington Cemetery.Overall, an excellent choice.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>daves_32
<Content>Great Luxury Hotel! Great place! Winter weekends at this hotel are a stellar deal!! Impeccably clean, great comfortable bed, luxury furnishings all around. only complaint: check in a bit slow but responsive when i reminded them of my presence.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>lschmitt
<Content>wait! am I in DC? My husband and I stayed at the Sofitel Lafayette Square over the weekend 16/02/08. I was a bit apprehensive given some of the reviews, but I need not have been. Everything was perfect from the time we pulled up to the curb. Everyone, from doorman, concierge, and front desk, were helpful, polite, and professional. The hotel was spotless, gorgeous, and the location central to DC monuments. The room itself, was large, (we had a king size room)clean, and filled with all the amenities you could need. The bathroom had a bathtub with a seperate shower. The bottled water was a great touch. I actually had intended to use the valet parking until check in, but our room was ready at 10:30 am! We treated ourselves to Sunday breakfast in the hotel restaurant Ici, and were not disappointed. The organic omelette was to die for. A perfect French breakfast down to the french press coffee and the basket of pastries. I would most certainly stay there again and I would try to dine at their restaurant for dinner. We dined at the Old Ebbitt Grill, which was a block and a half away, and that was also great. I truly cannot figure out what some of the reviewers were unhappy about.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mmehay
<Content>Great weekend at the Sofitel! My husband and I stayed at the Sofitel for two nights Feb 1-Feb 3. We have nothing but great things to say about this hotel. From the moment you are greeted at the door to the time that you leave, the Sofitel staff is there for you. When we arrived on Friday, it was raining and we wanted to walk to lunch, but did not have umbrellas. A staff memeber noticed and went and got umbrellas for us. How cool! The bar le bar is very hip and in demand by the after work crowd. There is a new restaurant  Bistro d'Ici in DC that had just opened. We only ate breakfast there, but can highly recommend it. Service was great. The room was very comfy. My husband has trouble sleeping in hotel beds and said that this bed was one of the best he has slept in. As for location, the Sofitel is within walking distance to the White House and the Smithsonion (a bit farther, but doable.) I also like the fact that they had free computers and a printer. This made getting and printing directions very easy. Way to go Sofitel!  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nctraveler5108
<Content>Sofitel was charming! I have just returned from a two night stay at this jewel of a hotel. The staff was friendly and helpful, the decor was exquisite, and the location was wonderful. We walked a short distance from the front of the hotel and watched the President's motorcade heading to the capital for the State of the Union address.Our room was a little on the small side, but well-appointed.The metro is very convenient.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ComfortWise
<Content>Done it before and would do it again Stayed in the Lafayette Sofitel weekend of January 18 through the 20th. Hotel is in a great location for getting around D.C.. The place is clean, well appointed with a friendly, helpful staff. Beds are very comfortable and the floors quiet. Did not use parking or valet services. Did not use the lounge or restaurant. Would stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>june4plus4
<Content>Excellent Stay My girlfriend and I spent the New Year's Eve weekend at the Sofitel Lafayette and we could not have made a better choice. Check-in was a breeze and the hotel staff made us feel welcomed from the instant we pulled up in front of the hotel. The location is perfect for seeing the sites - we enjoyed the morning walks down to the National Mall area. The room was fantastic - well appointed with nice, comfortable bed and spacious bathroom. We had a small problem with our in-room safe but the hotel engineering team responded within minutes to solve the problem. The room was spotless and housekeeping did a great job. Small touches like complimentary bottled water was nice. The room was extremely quiet and although the hotel was very busy, we could not hear any other guests while tucked away in our room. The bar in the lobby was a great place to unwind in the evenings. There is a Starbucks one block North and the Old Ebbitt Grill (one of the best restaurants in DC) is only two blocks South of the hotel.Overall, we enjoyed our stay at the Sofitel and would definitely stay here again or at any other Sofitel property.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Welshlily
<Content>Lovely hotel, wonderful location From the moment the doorman opened our taxi door to checking out, the Sofitel exceeded our expectations on all fronts. There isn't much of a view from any of the rooms but they are nicely-kitted out and the bathrooms are fantastic! Housekeeping was spookily efficient and the staff were really lovely - especially the doormen and the bar staff in Le Bar. We didn't eat in the restaurant but the bar food was good (drinks and food are as pricey as you would expect at a 4-star) and the drinks measures generous. The location of the hotel is fantastic - literally round the corner from the White House and quite convenient for other attractions too. Highly recommended for both business and leisure travellers - we got a 'long weekend deal' as well so the cost was extremely reasonabe for such a superb hotel.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bunnyegg
<Content>Most comfortable and luxury hotel, best location This is one of the most luxury hotel i have ever stayed in. Plus the location is central and convenient. The service was friendly and helpful. Both the rom and bathroom was huge. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MikeNewOrleans
<Content>Great Hotel This is an outstanding property. We have stayed here numerous times over the last several years and can't say enough good things about the Sofitel. The rooms are large, well-appointed, and spotless; the service is flawless; the restaurant is excellent; the location is perfect for a business trip or a vacation.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>snyc9
<Content>Not as luxurious as I was expecting I was excited about staying here, but the property did not live up 100% to my expectations.The lobby area is nice, although somewhat small. Everyone was exceptionally nice at check-in, so that was good.When I got to my room, I immediately got a poor impression. The decor was a bit 80s, the furniture was chipped in obvious places, the ottoman was missing a button, there was a glaring stain on the chair, the drapes made a loud squeaking sound when opened. And the 'view' was of the building across the way. There was no CD player, as is standard in hotels these days, no coffee maker, the mini bar was unimpressively stocked. The bed had no flat sheet, as many people have noted, which bothered me. The bathroom was nice, though, and a fresh orchid in a pretty vase was a nice touch.At first the mattress seemed very cheap, but I did sleep well on it. The featherbed helped. It was very quiet on the floor, which was nice. The building itself felt very sturdy and solid in construction.I liked that there was a bar/lounge that served food on the ground floor. The gym was small but decent. The little 'business center' -- more like a walk-in closet -- had 3 PC computers that were free to use. So that was good. The lack of security late at night concerned me somewhat. We got back at around 1 a.m. one night and there was no one minding the front door. Since the elevators to the rooms are right near the front door, we asked the man at reception about security and he told us that they had cameras. What use are cameras, though, if there is no physical security to stop an intruder.Overall, I enjoyed my stay, but it could have been better and certainly more luxurious, as the hotel chain touts itself.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Five-Oh-States
<Content>Another great Sofitel stay We stayed here for three nights at the end of a trip around the Capitol region and enjoyed the hotel enormously.The feel of the hotel was different to other Sofitels we've stayed in, as it was much more traditionally decorated, but I guess this suits a very conservative city and the hotel's typical clientele. Overall, however, the quality and service were of usual Sofitel standards.We reserved a deluxe room with city view and were not disappointed with our large, corner room on a high floor with views out over 15th Street. The room was very elegantly furnished and we had no problems at all with the cleaning and housekeeping service.Overall the hotel provided a great place to retreat to after hot days spent pounding the streets of DC (which is probably my least favourite of the 20 or more major American cities I've visited) and I felt the weekend rate offered good value for money, even though I was paying for it myself.Other reviewers have commented on the lack of dining and other amenities in the vicinity and this is true to a certain extent but the excellent Old Ebbitt Grill is only a short walk away.The hotel is reasonably well located for visiting most of the major attractions in DC (especially the White House and the Washington Monument) and has a small business centre which proved invaluable for reserving tickets for the Washington Monument and checking-in for our flight home.The bar was inviting and, on our last evening, we ate in the hotel's own restaurant which serves superb French-influenced food. The service was impeccable and the meal was delicious, although one of our dishes was rather eccentrically presented.The only real downside was the valet parking service (note to staff: don't expect a gratuity if you rush departing guests into their cars and leave them to reverse out of an alley into heavy traffic).I doubt I'll be going back to DC but, if I did, I'd look forward to staying here again.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>amcdonal86
<Content>Luxurious, but not as clean as I expected, and where's my flat sheet!? Sofitel is located just a block or so from the White House. It is a very luxurious looking hotel. Walking into the lobby will have you feeling as if you are in a world class hotel. Hotel staff are very friendly and well trained.I had a reserved a Superior King room for an amazing rate of $129 per night for New Years Eve. However, there were some problems. Upon turning down the bed, it became apparent that there was no flat sheet in between the comforter and the fitted sheet (although the fitted sheet is really just a flat sheet folded around the mattress). After we discovered this, we noticed that the comforter was quite dirty. I don't expect a hotel to wash comforters after each guest, but if they don't, I at least expect a flat sheet in between the comforter and my skin.I called the front desk and they took care of it. That is, they simply folded the comforter over such that we couldn't see the stains. No flat sheet. I guess this is the standard at 4-star hotels.In the same night, our toilet became clogged and would not flush properly. I again called the front desk, and the problem was taken care of briskly.Decor in the room is fairly new, but all of the chairs and those ottomans (for lack of a better word) had a lot of fading in the middle. Also, I was surprised that for a 4-star hotel, the room had an archaic tube television. The bathroom, however, was spotlessly clean.Overall, I was mildly pleased with this hotel. For the rate ($129 a night), this hotel was amazing. But for a 4-star hotel, I think the problems mentioned really killed the hotel for me. I'll probably pass on this hotel next time.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>2	5	4	3	2	5	4	2	

<Author>Pat_Picks
<Content>Merci, Sofitel My husband and I were attracted to Sofitel by its #3 TA rating; securing a $149/night rate sealed the deal for us. Such a magnificent deal indeed considering the well-appointed room and exceptionally courteous staff! Our only small disappointments in our 2-night stay were the confined hanging space in the closet and our dismal inner courtyard view (but didn't request a change given that we had such a low rate and also we weren't spending much time in the room.) A tip: Apply for a Sofitel privilege card, which allows you to delay checkout until mid-afternoon. We were most grateful for the extra hours to fit in one more museum excursion and excellent lunch at Oyamel Cocina Mexicana.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kristinehanna
<Content>Loved it here! This hotel is one of the best I have ever stayed in. The rooms are nicely furnished, the bedding is very comfortable, the downstairs lobby bar is a delight; but what makes this hotel exceptional is the service - the staff at this hotel are some of the finest I have encountered. The service was exceptional in fact, not just for the everyday but also when I had a crisis the staff was there to help in every way that they could. They were never snotty or snobby, just warm and gracious and very very efficient.Stay at this hotel!!  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>big_D123
<Content>Sofitel great choice Stayed at Sofitel for three nights over Memorial Day. Booked the hotel after reading reviews on this site and was not disappointed. Hotel is in a great location (one block to the White House), very close to a Metro station and all the major attractions of DC. Rooms are somewhat small but very nice. Great bed, very nice bathroom. Great restaurant and bar on-site. Can only recommend a stay here.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TexasSATraveler
<Content>Can't wait to go back! A great location, great rooms, great restaurant - What more could you ask for? The staff was very friendly and helpful although we did have one problem. They were supposed to provide a rollaway bed but did not. House keeping and the first front desk contact were of no help - they said they didn't have any left.Their attitude was basically the extra person could sleep on the floor. After we insistied this wasn't an option, the front desk got some one with authority. There were no rollaways available so we got upgraded to a suite.Normally this type of experience would really sour me on a place but everything else was so good and all other staff contacts were so positive I just have to write the one incident off as a fluke. We had a 6 day stay so I feel we got a good picture of the overall operation. My wife and I always try to go to the top restaurants in cities that we visit. We saved the hotel restaurant -Cafe 15 - to our next to last night. We had unwittingly saved the best for last!.The young woman who served as the greeter was terrific as were all the servers. Very friendly, knowledgable, and accomodating wait staff. Wonderful decor and GREAT food!!.It was so good we cancelled reservations at a top restaurant for our last night and went back. We weren't very hungry so we just ordered dessert and wine/coffee. We were still treated like royalty!I stongly recommend this hotel and the Cafe 15!  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	2	5	

<Author>elmac40
<Content>A Great Hotel! Just returned from a 3 night stay at the Sofitel. There's nothing that I can fault.The hotel was spotless, the staff extremely friendly and the bedroom was spacious (and what a great bed!).It's located one block from the White House and just around the corner from the Metro station which is a great way of getting around Washington.I made the reservation directly with Sofitel and got a great rate for staying in such a nice hotel.Would highly recommend.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PetePirate
<Content>Can't fault the Sofitel My wife and I loved staying at the Sofitel!! We had a large room with living area, a king size bed and huge bathroom. The bed was very comfortable. The staff were friendly and we found lots of cafes nearby for breakfast. Great location. Would definitely recommend this hotel to other travellers!  
<Date>Dec 16, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Chem64
<Content>Amazing Hotel. Wonderful Staff.       King Sized Bed  
<Date>Dec 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>jmce
<Content>Great hotel I have just returned from Dc and had a most enjoyable 4 night stay in the Sofitel. Let me start by saying that I am a Sofitel fan and this example does not dissapoint. I was actually luck in that I booked our tay through hotwire and got an excellent rate for this property. I paid about $120 a night which is an amazing saving considering the $300 plus rates for the same dates on their website. I hold a priveledge card too and after asking they promptly upgraded me to a very large corner delux room. the room was very well laid out and the bathrooms were quite large with seperate shower. Everything was as expected.However as a few reviewers said there is only one dressing gown which mysteriously went missing two days in. The location is also excellent for the metro and the sites. The Old Ebbitt is a short stroll but you will have to go further afield to find other nice places. Georgetown is also quite close by but the metro does not serve here so a taxi is necessary.Everyone at the hotel is exteremely friendly and not snobbish at all. We had just one problem during our stay. Our water was only luke warm from the shower. When my fiance mentioned this at the front desk they were very sorry. When we came back that evening they had left us a letter with some very nice pastries and large bottles of mineral water. They had also left us vouchers for breakfast for the remaining two mornings. This was very nice as the food was exceelent and very large portions and fresh fruit smoothies.In saying this they tried to charge us when leaving for the 2 meals which was funny but easily rectified without any questions.All in all they really go out of their way to make you feel welcome.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MacBNorfolkVirginia
<Content>Excellent hotel This is a lovely hotel with a european cosmopolitan feeling. The guest room was well furnished with accents in dark wood, great closet space, wonderful bathroom and Frette linens on the bed! The restaurant Cafe 15 which is on the first floor of the hotel was superior - the service and the food were wonderful. The location of the hotel is great for visiting the Smithsonian (short Metro ride) , White House, etc. or for conducting business. Good rates when booked through Expedia.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>traveller59
<Content>Upmarket and very good value Great location.Spacious and well appointed rooms. Excellent service from all departments. High speed free internet. Good restaurants and plenty of others within walking distance. I cannot fault this hotel and would definitly return.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>indi60
<Content>Loved the Sofitel Lafayette Square A wonderful weekend at this beautiful hotel. When we entered the hotel we loved the ethos from the very first minute. The staff were so friendly and warm and welcoming they could not do enough to help and assist. We were a party of four (2 double rooms) and we loved our rooms they were so big and the beds were the best we have ever experienced. The location was perfect only minutes away from monuments and parks. It was quiet at the weekend but cafes were close and souvenir shops too. Saturday night was excellent at the hotel bar but Sunday night was obviously the chefs night off and was poor (food). Very relaxing cocktails in the afternoon and a longing to return there soon!  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>roar_03
<Content>Stay here if you get a good rate I am surprised at the number of glowing reviews of this property.I stayed for 1 night last weekend and found the hotel to be of average quality. Nothing was awful but nothing was really great.We had a corner room on the 10th floor. Check in was good - took only a minute or so. The elevator carpets were dirty and the public areas were not decorated in any special way.Our room had great light and good views. The bed was comfortable but a little soft. Sofitel's bed is touted but i don't really care for the duvet only. The management puts out a note saying they are changed daily.The bathroom had a seperate shower tub combo but there were uneven paint marks on the ceiling and a little wear on the trim.You could see some mildew in the shower. The velvet curtains felt a little dusty as did the carpet.We had room service. It arrived promptly but the quality of the food was average. I am not sure how this hotel scores above the Four Seasons in Georgetown. If you want true luxury stay there (in a renovated room).I will stay at the Sofitel again but only if i get a sub $180 a night rate.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	5	2	5	4	3	

<Author>tkirkes
<Content>Wonderful Hotel This was a beautiful hotel. Staff was very friendly and accommodating. The room was very nice and big. No street noise. Great location.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>kkthepeach
<Content>Nice hotel, great location The Sofitel was off to a great start as my niece and I arrived at 10 am and expected to check our bags. We were of course delighted when we were promptly checked in and shown to our room. It was a gorgeous room and quite roomy. The view was of an alley- but what can you do. The location was amazing as we walked or took the metro everywhere. A quick walk to the metro.The bathroom was also quite spacious and delightful. A word about the metro stop right by the hotel.... The park just outside the metro feeds the homeless every night and therefore there are lot of homeless milling about. My neice and I were quite nervous about coming home late one night.But there was no problem-we walked fast! Also- I noticed one night there was no top sheet between the duvet and the bed- I called housekeeping and had that corrected.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	3	4	

<Author>Ganuskey06
<Content>Perfect place to stay in DC The Sofitel is a great place to stay in DC. The location is very close to all of the sights and is around the corner from the Metro to help you get wherever else in DC. The service was very good at the hotel and the room itself was perfect. A very comfortable bed and the room was a good size for a couple of people.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dohi613
<Content>great hotel My wife and i just spent columbus weekehd at the sofitel and had a great time. The room we stayed in was not large but was plenty big enough for the two of us. The bathroom had a seperate shower and tub and was very clean. the only bad part was that the shower was glass enclosed and the shower door was heavy and scraped on the bottom when openning and closing. the rug was old and had a few stains on it but was clean. the best part of the stay was the hotel staff. we cannot say enough about them. they were promt courtious and always very pleasant. they would tell you to enjoy your day when you left in the morning welcome you back with a smile and a greeting when you returned, these people made you feel welcome.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>TravelChild
<Content>Not Quite Five Star The Sofitel is in a good location, very close to the Mall and a Metro stop. Our room was modern and very clean and the bed was the most comfortable I have ever stayed in at a hotel. However, at this type of higher end hotel, the difference is in the details and that is why I didn't give this hotel a score of 5. We were supposed to be on a non-smoking floor. There were ashtrays everywhere (including in our room). Worse than that was the very thick perfume they use to cover up the smell of cigarettes. We gagged every time we stepped off the elevator on our floor. There were no telephone books in the room and when I called the concierge desk to request a telephone number I was put on hold for over 5 minutes (after which I gave up and hung up). There was no coffee maker in the room (while there was free coffee in the morning in the bar, we like to have a cup first thing before we go outside).Overall, we thought the hotel was good but not amazing and we were glad we went through Priceline and did not pay full rack rate.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	3	-1	

<Author>lgelkins
<Content>Great romantic getaway       bedroom in suite  
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Crestfallen
<Content>Overpriced and Overused My family and I stayed at the Sofitel for 4 nights. We booked in January for a September stay, but this obviously did not get us a priority room with a view, just the brick walls of an opposite facing building.Upon arrival the bellmen were very attentitive. Our bags were brought up to our rooms and we were given instructions on how to use the rooms amenities (although it seemed more like a ploy to get a tip to me).The foyer and facade of the hotel were beautiful....but that's where it ends.My room was worn. The carpet had stains everywhere (as did the carpet in the second room that was booked). The furniture was beat up, the air conditioner was broke, and the shower had.....BLACK MILDEW! I did not take my shoes off the entire time in my room, nor did I touch anything in the shower.Housekeeping was just ok....and by this, I mean, while you could tell they came to your room because the bed was made, they did little else. They left 1 bottle of water at the bedside every night (but both rooms had 2 occupants....and after a long day of walking, I think everyone would appreciate a bottle of water) . We did not utilize room service or our minibar due to the high prices .We asked for a wake up call that never came our first night.There is hardly any space to unpack but for a tiny closet with 5 hangers and 2 tiny shelves, so plan on living out of your suitcase.Now, the pluses..location, location, location. 1 block away from the subway, and 2 blocks from Old Ebbitt Grill, which we ate at 3 times in 4 days, and was truly one of the highlights of our trip...do not miss!The hotel bar was nice, and we sat outside and had very attentive service and complimentary snacks.We paid $380 for the first night, $320 the second night and $210 the last 2 nights, and, all in all, this place is not worth the money. While it is a short walk to all the attractions, we took the subway 75% of our stay, so no matter where you stay, you can always take the subway.The restaurant rarely had anyone dining any of the 4 days we stayed, so we figured this was a sign.Save your money and stay somewhere else.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LRLLosAngeles
<Content>A Quality, Quiet Hotel right in the middle of things This hotel is fantastic for D.C. because it's not dripping with convention-goers or tour groups. I have stayed at the Soffitel more than once for business. It's extremely convenient to all of the main sites in D.C., the metro and good shopping/dining. And, for the business traveller, a very very roomy desk and a room that you don't mind styaing in to do some work.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mme_X
<Content>Very nice room and convenient location Good-sized room and spacious bathroom on the third floor were nicely decorated in sleek-but-comfy decor. The room was quiet enough, even though it faced a busy street (but we stayed on a weekend, when there is less traffic.) Spotless housekeeping. Other amenities include a robe, nice toiletries, separate bath tub and shower. I saw no problem with the hairdryer (unlike a previous poster.) The cocktail lounge looked very inviting, but we were in town for a wedding and those events precluded a stop in (but we'd gladly do it next time we're in town!) There is no coffee maker in the room, but very good complimentary coffee and tea are served in the bar in the morning, i.e. better than what usually comes out of a hotel guestroom pot. The staff and concierge were friendly and helpful throughout.The location is near Lafayette Park, i.e. vicinity of the White House, and not a far walk to the mall and its museums. It is also close to some good restaurant options, like the historic-but-renovated Ebbets Grill on the next block.Some downsides: while the dining room is probably very good, the breakfasts are pricey -- even a continental will cost $15; eggs slightly more; buffet slightly more. This is not unusual for Washington, but you have to want an extensive breakfast to make it worth it for you. However, there is a Starbucks and a more moderate diner close by (but the latter is closed on weekends.) The restaurant comes well recommended for dinner, but our wedding events occuppied our time.Another downside: this hotel is with the trend of using a duvet/comforter instead of a sheet and bedspread/blanket. While there are decor and hygiene reasons for this, I don't find it as comfortable as having the option of just a light sheet covering us at night. The result: you have to crank up the air conditioning to be comfortable with this all-or-nothing warm duvet. At other hotels, we've asked to have the bed changed to sheet-and-blanket/coverlet option, but we just let it go this time. A sheet and duvent would have made us more comfortable.To sum: we'd be happy to stay here again, but we were also happy that we got a good price for the room on Travelocity. ...but this place is definitely worth considering!  
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TravelBugNH
<Content>Lovely Hotel  We chose this hotel for it's location and good reputation and were not disappointed. Altho not perfect (the room was small  you will hear hallway noises: doors closing, talking, etc). Luckily it was quiet on our floor by the time we went to sleep. It's a beautiful establishment. Lovely contemporary art work, plums and reds and modern-style furnishings. This seems to be the trend in many places we visit and it's nice!Our check-in was prompt and the concierge and staff helpful enough. No waiting for elevators but the hotel did not seem booked to the max.The small room was lovely and the bed was very comfortable. The large bath nicely appointed (except the antiquated hair dryer - a little surprising but worked OK.) Don't expect coffee makers or the like but do expect great towels, soaps, (1) robe and (1) pair of slippers. Cool decor. We hit the hotel bar after dining out (*see below) and it was fun but pricey. Expect this in downtown. The next morning we had a good breakfast in the hotel ($20 BreakFAST) which was huge. Great fresh fruit cup, toast/jam, scrambled eggs, sausage, bacon, French-pressed coffee (excellent)  delicious fresh squeezed OJ. The eggs could have benefited from some chopped scallions or something. I'm sure next time we could ask. Way too much food - we should have split it!Note - The day before our arrival I had emailed the manager that it was our anniversary,  was my veteran husband's first trip to DC but there was no acknowledge of this.Overall our stay was romantic and wonderful but next time we would only stay if we could nail a discount rate or package special. Very expensive and for that price you want special treatment.*BLUEPOINT RESTAURANT - A MUST! 1299 Pennsuylvania Ave NW 202 783 4545Recently opened, this was so good we ate lunch and dinner there in the same day! See our review under restaurants.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Cwhyteklb
<Content>A little bit of luxury This is a lovley hotel right in the heart of the city. The room was big, bright and well equiped with everything we could possibly need. The bed was so comfortable, the towels were flufffy and the staff were very friendly. The location was perfect, we didnt know it until the next day but we were about a block behind the white house.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>ccfitz
<Content>Lovely I stayed here during a recent business trip to DC and found it very comfortable with execptional service. My room was a bit small but very comfortable with a very large bathroom. The hotel restaurant was also excellent and I highly recommend dining there.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>poizenivey
<Content>WOW! My husband and I just returned from an extended weekend in DC. After finding this hotel on mobissimo.com, I checked rates on the Sofitel website and they were even lower than orbitz or expedia...we paid much less than the 'phone rate'. We could not have chosen a better hotel (for the money) to stay at. The bed and pillows were unbelievably comfortable, room was sparkling clean, nice touches daily like ice buckets filled and glass bottles of Evian or Voss (no extra charge) for us to enjoy upon our return in from a long day of sightseeing. We didn't eat at the Cafe'15 b/c it was way to French for us. LeBar was very nice and had complimentary coffee and tea each morning w/ to go cups. We ate at other hotels for breakfast b/c the selection here wasn't that great and pricey for breakfast. We valet parked our car Friday morning and didn't use again until we left Monday morning. Took the metro most places. Bike the Sites nighttime tour is a must and was one of the highlights of our trip. Would most definately stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>matthijst
<Content>Nice hotel, big room, great bed We stayed in this hotel for 3 nights as part of a 3 week trip throught the US. The bed in this hotel was the best in all of the hotels we stayed in.The hotel is in a great location (1 block from the white house) and subway stop nearby. Valet parking is $31 per night, but that's just the price you pay in midtown DC. The room was large, had a bathtub and separate shower, plus TV and internet (bring your own cable).We didnt get breakfast in the hotel ($20-25pppn), but went for the deli nextdoor (bagels etc) or Au Bon Pain, two blocks away.Tip: if you want to see all the memorials DC has to offer, plus Arlington cemetary, you should either rent a bike, or go by hop-on, hop-off bus. We rented a bike and it took about 5 hours to see them all...  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Zipp0
<Content>Overall, it was great. The service was very friendly and prompt, the rooms very nice and clean, and the valet very convenient. The location is just superb. A minute's walk and you are at the White House, and a few minutes later (maybe 10-15) you can be on the Mall.Negatives? It was 100 deg. F in DC and the room never really got cool enough. I should have complained, but I thought that when the sun went down it would get cool. It didn't. If you have that problem, make sure to tell the front desk.I will probably stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JakobBengt
<Content>Charming and comfortable hotel with great location Even if the French theme may go overboard at times - I think this hotel is really good. Charming and attentive service. Rooms are well taken care of and well equipped. Comfortable bed. Fully recommend it.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>msucheer
<Content>Fantastic surprise! I stayed at the Sofitel to break up a business trip and I couldn't have been more pleased with the change of pace that the Sofitel offered. The furnishings are refreshingly modern and my room was fantastic. It was extremely quiet with plenty of space. The beds are soft and perfect for sleeping in. The bathroom was fantastic with a glassed in shower and nice bathtub with provided robe. I never ever feel comfortable enough to take a bath in hotels - but didn't hesitate in this hotel. Wish I could have extended my stay here and is one of the few hotels in DC that I will continue to keep booking. Perfect location - within walking distance to the Old Ebbitt Grill for dinner and close enough for walking to the White House and the monuments. Also, my room ended up being the handicap accessible room and it had a doorbell and extra shower without a step-up.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Jin_Jiang
<Content>Loved the location Just wrapped up the weekend in D.C. at the Sofitel. Have stayed at several Sofitel's previously (mostly in France and Asia).Pro's- Location is fantastic. Right around the corner from the White House, walking distance to the Mall (close to Washington Monument), close to Reagan National Airport, restaurants, banks, convnience stores all nearby. Also a quiet part of the city so light sleepers need not worry here.- Hotel Bar - when they want to Sofitel really can design a great hotel bar (Chicago Sofitel is great example and this was no exception). Nice vibe, great (and friendly) service, big plus for the hotel.- Service throughout the hotel was very good. Check-in, Concierge, Bellman, Restaurant, Bar -- all provided great service.Con's- Amenities in the room were minimal (shampoo, conditioner, hand soap). At $350 per night I would have at least thought they would give a toothbrush and some mouthwash.- Bed was sunken; woke up with a backache.Overall, I may try the Hyatt next time as it was nearby.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Kitywhisca
<Content>Okay at the Sofitel My husband and I stayed at the Sofitel on Aug 3-5 for an anniversary getaway. I booked this hotel in particular because it was rated #1 on Tripadvisor at the time I planned the trip. The hotel was very clean and the bathroom did not disappoint. The separate tub and shower were wonderful and the bed was more comfortable than ours at home. My husband's only complaint was that we did not have a top sheet for the bed, just a comforter, and the size of the room was a bit small. I joined the Sofitel member program thinking that would get us an upgraded room, as advertised, but apparently you have to be a gold member to receive most of the perks including the upgraded room. The location could not have been better. There was a Starbucks on the opposite corner and it was only a short walk to the Mall area. Old Ebbit's Grill is about a block away and the food there was excellent and reasonably priced. We really did not see anyone in the hotel restaurant, but that may have been because it was during the weekend and the hotel seemed to cater to a more business crowd. We ordered late night dessert (cheesecake and chocolate mud pie) for room service one evening and it was really good and quick.Overall, it was a nice stay. I had hoped our anniversary would have been acknowledged since it was mentioned when I booked, but I guess we are not that lucky when it comes to occassion upgrades, etc.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>gracielu
<Content>Rude Our experience at this hotel was ruined by our rude reception at check-in. We were told that our reservation was for the following day instead of the day of our arrival even though I had confirmed via phone twice and I had a print out of my e-mail confirmation. Instead of assuring us that the problem would be fixed, we were then told that they'd try to fit us in for the night but that they might have to charge us for two separate reservations since our reservation somehow was not in the system. After some heavy sighs and taps on the computer keyboard, the front desk staff informed us that they luckily were able to switch the reservation for us, in a tone that made us feel as if they expected us to drop to our knees and kiss their feet for working their magic and not making us pay for both the correct and incorrect dates. It's unfortunate because the room and the hotel are beautiful.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KrisMc
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location The hotel room is nicely decorated and is a good size for a big city hotel room. Bedding is nice and the bathroom has a separate glass shower and bath tub.Location is very close to the White House. I found that I could walk to most places in 15-20 min or easily take the metro. The metro stop is only one block away.I joined the Sofitel frequent guest program prior to my stay. My room was automatically upgraded, there was welcome note from the mgr, a coupon for a free glass of champagne at the bar, and a small box of chocolates to greet me. All very nice touches!I would definitely stay there again!  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>calimerox
<Content>the best Simply the best hotel in the area, rooms, food , service and location were all 1st class.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>904macon
<Content>just OK My daughter and I spent the weekend at the Sofitel. We checked in Friday night and thought the room, a delux with double beds and a city vew for $219.99 per night, a good value. The room was spacious with a sitting area and nice marbled bathroom with a seperate shower and tub. The furniture in the room was a bit worn but the beds were comfortable. We left the room on Saturday from 10-3 and housekeeping had not cleaned the room upon our return. They did call at 5 asking if we would like the room cleaned. The hotel advertises turn down service each evening, but that service was never rendered the first evening. Room service was timely and tasty. The hotel is located very close to a Metro station and the doormen were on their toes throughout our stay.On the day of our departure I had asked for a late check out at 2 PM . Upon our return to the hotel at 1 we found that our keys would not open the door to our room and I had to return to the desk to remind them of our request for late check out. They graciously re-programmed our keys. With all of the boutique hotels availablr in DC I think I might try another one next time.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	2	2	-1	

<Author>Yetton
<Content>Ideal location, super ambience       Bedroom view  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>chocolatefriend
<Content>Some parts ok After travelling from Melbourne for many hours I made it on March 30 and left April 4 The beds were fantastic, so were the toiletries, the concierge great (he organised and we paid people to line up for tickets that we would have to have been there at 6am !) but it stops there ! The heating was appaling and we actually slept one night with the door wedged open as it was too late to request any changes. Ended up getting a cold due to crazy heating/cooling. The next day I spoke to the customer relations manager and we were moved and appropriate changes were made to the bill. The free internet in lobby area worked for one day out of 4 , the food in the breakfast restaurant very very expensive, and despite being a Privelege member (signed up before we left) we were not given the welcome deal until we asked. Stay at Sofitel? again not really after this experience.Great location, great cheap lunch places nearby to eat such as a Loebs, great Jewish run cafe/diner/New York Deli with great soup and sandwiches,Georgia Browns restaurant ok and had signed up online as a member before hand and got a main course (entree) for free with a voucher. Dined at The Willard for the once in a lifetime of amazement. Our Prime Minister Mr Howard stays here it is just so beautiful ! The food was oustanding and so was the service. It was US$201 for 2 with food and wine and just stunning with personalised menus to boot ! Found a Filenes, Borders and Ann Taylor so I was happy. Washington great and the cherry blossoms were the best. Lots of people but who cares ?  
<Date>Jun 23, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	5	4	3	3	1	

<Author>Helen_RDavenport
<Content>Terrible food after reading only good reviews on this hotel we decided to give it a try. One night we went with room service and it was nothing short of terrible. I did not know a restaurant such as this would use frozen french fries. When we complained we were offered a refund and then this was taken away. Although the majority of staff (and Washingtonians) were very helpful and polite the managers at the hotel are inept and inefficient. despite my efforts they refused to resolve the issue and whilst the hotel's placement is excellent , I have tasted better food at McDonalds.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>1	3	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Torita
<Content>Pretty good I stayed here for a week doing tourist stuff and attending a friend'swedding. Service was friendly, though slow at times - for example, ittook over half an hour for our bags to be brought up to our room. Therestaurant was excellent for brunch and the bar always seemed pretty full (but again, service was slow). The room and bathroom were very large, even by American hotel standards. The hotel is centrally located in DC, but it is a 10-20 min walk to the National Mall and the Smithsonian museums and about 30 min walk to Georgetown. However,for those who don't feel like walking as much as we did, the metro inDC is very good.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	2	3	3	

<Author>kell82
<Content>Loved the Sofitel We were a family of 5 so we had 2 rooms on 2 different floors. Since the kids are older this was not a problem for us. Because of the hotel set up they do not have king bedded rooms that connect to rooms with 2 double beds. I was in contact with the hotel manager (via email) prior to our arrival and there were absolutely no surprises with the bedding or room set up. (He was willing to accommodate us on the same floor adjacent to one another with a rollaway, but we liked the set up we were given BUT could have changed if it did not suit our liking, per the front desk upon check-in) The manager answered all emails promptly which was a hugh plus right off the bat. The hotel staff was curtious, welcoming, accommodating and all you would expect working for a 5 star property. We were impressed from the minute we pulled up to the curb.All services were fast and efficient. The rooms were excellent. OK, there were some stains on the rug but that did not effect my over allstay at this property. The location was fantastic. 1 block from the Metro. For our family of 5 we did find the breakfast to be rather on the pricey side but again what do you expect for the class of hotel and the city in which it is located. No surprise to us we just walkedto the corner and found Lobe's (I think that is the spelling) they served up a breakfast that was cooked to order (nothing frozen or precooked) It was like mom was cooking it right in her own kitchen! We had very large breakfasts and filled us completly until afternoon.I highly recommend this hotel if you are looking for a 5star experience.  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PoppyNWEngland
<Content>Great stay at the Sofitel We stayed at this hotel for 4 nights at the end of April and chose it because of the great reviews on this site. We were not disappointed - the staff on reception were very helpful when we arrived and the room was great. The bed was extremely comfortable and the soundproofing was excellent, we heard no noise at all.The location is great, but not for those who like to be based in a lively area - Dupont Circle is better for that. We ate breakfast at Loeb's deli on the corner which was good and cheap, however it is not open on the weekends. One of the Washington's must visit restaurants is the Old Ebbitt Grill which has three bars and is located just down the block from the Sofitel. It is best to book though, especially at the weekend.The only slight disappointment was that the Concierge was not overly knowledgable about the immediate area eg local bars, restaurants etc. and the service in 'Le Bar' was not very good on the busy Friday night.Overall we have a very memorable stay at the Sofitel and Washington DC is wonderful.  
<Date>May 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>never_at_home
<Content>Great hotel in a great city! We picked the hotel due to its review on Tripadvisor and we were not disappointed! The room was great, much bigger than the usual size fora city centre hotel. The decor and amenities are also great! Then of course you have the location, which you can beat. The hotel is so close to all major attractions but still on a street which is fairly quiet. I have a couple of little minor points but it certainly wouldn鈥檛 stopus from returning again.Firstly the hotel is in a 鈥楿鈥?shape which means a lot of the rooms face inwards (no street view) and so all you can see is the room opposite. If you鈥檙e on a lower floor this restricts light into the rooms and therefore our room was a little dark and we needed the light on in the daytime.Secondly the service in 鈥楲e bar鈥?was somewhat slow. We saw one group leave after waiting 10 minutes of arriving as no one had even given them a menu, and one group had to ask the doorman for service! Having said that the ambience is nice and the bar food fairly good value.Breakfast in the restaurant is very nice but a little pricey if you鈥檙e a tourist鈥?about $45 a couple. We tried it once but found there a plenty of cafes round the next few blocks which offer good food at much better value.We paid about $200 a room for our night (鈥楬ot Deal鈥?advance purchase)which I think is really good value for location and quality (especially with the current UK拢 to US$ rate!) Note sure I would pay the some of the rack rate prices of 拢400-500 though.All in all, if you鈥檙e going to DC make sure you stay at this hotel!  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Camdenicks
<Content>As good as the other reviews say My partner and I visited DC for a leisure trip, and chose the Sofitel based on reviews here, and also on good experiences with other Sofitels. We spent 5 nights there, and fully endorse all the other positive reviews.The service stands out above everything else: unfailingly courteous and friendly, we were made to feel at home and were accommodated throughout -- of note was being allowed a quite late check out (3pm) without the slightest problem.The (superior grade) room was comfortable, and room service and laundry were reliable. The bathroom was of excellent standard, with high quality Roger  Gallet toiletries. All in, it was of the excellent standard we've come to expect of Sofitel, and we'd return to this one without any doubt.A couple of slight downsides: the gym was extremely small and we wouldn't recommend using it. And the restaurant in the hotel seems to be about the only quality place in the vicinity to have breakfast, which typically came in around $45 per day for two all in (inc tax and service). We were offered a deal on arrival where, for $50 a day for the two of us, we could have been upgraded to a deluxe room and had breakfast thrown in; in our jet-lagged state, for some reason we turned down that deal, and in retrospect we should have gone for that.However, all in this is an excellent hotel, and highly recommended.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GBennet
<Content>great location with good breakfast, fine dining  Excellent hotel for our first ever trip to DC - 6 days to see the sights, visit the galleries  dine well.Mild initial disappointments:- it did not trouble us that we were not instantly offered assistance to take our bags up to our room  took them up ourselves but we found that our room was missing bath robes ( the reception staff did not understand BritEnglish, e.g. 'dressing gown'), and that the hotel does not supply the usual in-room booklet setting out the range of services available  how to use them (e.g. telling us the breakfast times, about laundry services,  of the availability of free internet access from an alcove next to reception), and that it took three trips to reception to get both our room swipe cards to work (tip: take both cards to reception to be reset if one does not work as some quirk in the programming can disable the other card if you reset one).But all deficencies were quickly remedied and needed information instantly supplied as and when requested, and our stay proved most enjoyable.Staff:- throughout our stay the reception staff, the concierge service,  the staff in general, were approachable, friendly and very helpful indeed.Room:- our room, bed  bathroom were spacious  comfortable - very good shower, bath too short to lie in but very comfortable if you like sitting in the tub.Breakfast:- particularly excellent with excellent service, even when busy later in the morning, in the comfortable spacious stylish setting of the hotel's Cafe 15 restaurant. (It might be advisable to make a table reservation if planning to breakfast late.) We readily abandoned ideas of trying breakfasts elsewhere.Location: absolutely perfect for sightseeing. The hotel's entrance is on 15th Street - just a short stroll, past on your left the impressive view down Pennsylvania Avenue of the Capitol in the distance, to the White House on your right and on to the green of the National Mall to the Washington Monument, etc., and in easy walking distance of anywhere downtown.The hotel is not actually on Lafayette Square but a block away (so your room view will be of the building across the street, not the square or the White House). Evening dining:- superlative. We spent 3 evenings out at restaurants nearby highly rated in Zagat but found the hotel's own Cafe 15 restaurant the best for quiet dining - superlative food prepared with care, well suited to a european palate, friendly attentive service, a good wine selection, all at attractive prices in stylish surroundings - a complete puzzle why it is not busy every night. (Maybe the lightness of the food  the quietness of the surroundings is not what washingtonians look for on an evening out.)Bar:- Le Bar was not of quite the same standard but was a great place to rest your feet with a cognac in hand in a well-padded low armchair in subdued lighting after a long day seeing the sights.All in all this was a perfect and enjoyable place for our stay. We will not be considering staying anywhere else on any future trip to DC.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>A_Michigan
<Content>Great Hotel The hotel was very nice. We arrived very early and had no problem checking in. The bags did take a while to be brought to the room, but overall not a problem. The bed was very comfortable and the room was very quiet. The water pressure in the shower could have been better. The staff was very pleasant.The hotel is very close to a Metro stop and the White House. The walk to the Mall was very easy.The only issue that we had was the large number of homeless people in the surrounding areas, especially north of the hotel. We were begged for money every time we left the hotel but were not bothered much.Also, during the evening and on weekends, many of the local restaurants are not open. We were looking for lighter and less expensive meal options than the hotel offered and there was not much choice near the hotel on Saturday and almost none on Sunday.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>libertyproject
<Content>WOW!! Simply put, a five star experience with very personal service and a great location. The property is small enough to feel very personal, yet large enough where everything you would ever need is located within the hotel.Service was amazing, the room was picture perfect (not in a Ritz or Four Seasons way), and I had the best night sleep and shower you could ask for in a hotel. When I needed a box fan for comfort, I had it. When I needed my shoes shinned at midnight, I got it. When I desired to have some stir fry tofu for room service, I got it......Service, service, service was perfect!Even better, the location to the White House!! Perfect location for to walk to the White House, Dept of Vet Affairs, or just to get a cup of coffee. If I could stay anywhere in D.C., other than the Lincoln bedroom, I would stay at this hotel!  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>polenta
<Content>Total Disappointment... Stayed three nights at Sofitel last week. We were underwhelmed with check-in. First night there was no top sheet on the bed only a thin comforter. We called and a sheet was dropped off for us to make our bed, as there was no housekeeping staff available. The third night, same deal, no top sheet on the bed. We were too tired to wait so we slept under the comforter that I'm guessing is not launderd after every guest - ick. The bed felt broken down and not anywhere near as comfortable as a Westin or Hilton bed. The lighting in the bathroom was horrible, it made airplane lightening look good. There were hand rails everywhere and two showers so we figured we were in a handicap room. The windows did not open and the room was stuffy and hot. We had to keep the air on high at the lowest temperature to make it comfortable. The room was equiped with ONE small bottle of water and ONE robe and this continued each day. We thought that was a little odd for a king room. The view was pathetic, it was like a prison view, three concrete walls and the dirty roof top. I guess I had expected more since we had booked this reservation months in advance. The clock radio was not a CD player and it didn't pick up one station. The location is miserable if you are looking for any food or toiletries. We were forced to pay $10 for a bottle of Evian in the bar one night because there is just nothing near by on foot. The location is a little more than a block to the MacPherson subway station. Be advised the subway station does not open before 7:15 a.m. on Saturday. The White House is about two blocks from the hotel and you certainly can't see it from the hotel. With the subway system you are not far from anything in this town regardless where you stay. We asked the concierge if she had a map of Reagan Airports layout and she replied no. That was pretty much the only contact we had with her. There is one restaurant across the street, a steakhouse, and three tourists on the street advised us not to eat there. There are three computers near check-in desk that are available to guests 24/7, that was very much appreciated. However, how this hotel is ranked as high as it is, is a mystery.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	3	3	4	

<Author>giulietta429
<Content>good location and nice decor, some problems with service I stayed at this hotel for three nights while attending a conference. Although my employer was paying for the hotel, I just want to remark that, in my view, the rate ($400 per night for the standard room) was too high in my opinion. I would not have paid that amount if I were paying for the room.The location is great, right next to the Lafayette park behind the White House. The hotel lobby is very small, but pleasant. I used the internet a couple of times and did not have to wait.  The check-in was fast (no line at 7pm on Tuesday). I asked for a room with a view, if possible. I was given one on the 4th floor (no view), right next to the elevators and opposite the ice machine. I did not hear much noise throughout my stay, but I spent a rather small amount of time in the room.The gym is in the basement and is adequate. There are towels, fruit, and water there. The machines have TVs.The room did not have a bath robe and the phone was broken, but both problems were quickly fixed. Other than that, the room was fine. The bed was very comfortable, the comforter and the pillows --heavenly. The bathroom was not large, but had a glass shower and a separate shallowish tub, a nice marble vanity area and a mirror with a handy light around it.The room did not have a coffee/tea maker (which I typically like to have), but had a mini bar, a safe, and an ironing board.I did not dine at the hotel, but ordered room service several times. As everywhere, it was fairly expensive, with all sort of charges added on. Breakfast typically ran me over $30 for an egg-white frittata ($18), served with tea/coffee and juice, and fruit ($6). Two of the three days, it was served on time (important, because I had to run to my meetings). On the third day, it was served late and was not what I ordered at all. By the time they fixed it (took a couple of tries), I barely had time to eat it. Do not order crepes here. I thought they would be good, because this is a French hotel, but I was wrong. They were very small and not at all what I expected.I ordered dinner once ($53 for a plate of risotto, priced at $18, shrimp cocktail $15 and tea), and late night snacks (tea, water, and fruit, $30 or so).I would probably stay here again if my firm is paying, but would look elsewhere for my own money.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	2	3	

<Author>DanishZachow
<Content>Perfect hotel for tourists...or even for a wedding reception As mentioned before, this hotel is excellent for tourists as it is well located in the middle of DC.....However, our experience is a little different as we live in DC and decided to have our wedding reception at the Sofitel. Our wedding was relatively small with 60 people and we knew about 80% of our guest would be coming from out of town so we wanted a good location and excellent service - we were not disappointed.We did stay two nights in the Bridal Suite so our room was absolutely amazing, a den, a huge bedroom, giant bathroom, a hallway, etc. More importantly, our guests reported that their rooms and experiences were also excellent. From the friendly bellman, helpful concierge and service oriented front desk reception, all of our guests reported that the hotel staff could not have been friendlier or more service oriented.With a combined 40 nights booked at the hotel, and numerous meals at Le Bar, meals at Cafe 15 (chosen one of the best 50 restaurants in DC) we can report that 99.9% of the time the experience was wonderful for us and our guest. Like any hotel, occasionally there is a hiccup, but it was always quickly resolved and not worth detailing out.  This is a hotel that is not flashy, nor overly extravagant - it is a hotel that prides itself on incredible friendly service, well-appointed and luxurious appointments with a slight European/hip feel and food that is excellent. I highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GGTraveler
<Content>A different experience than most... Location is the only nice thing about this hotel. When we checked into the room, we were impressed with the nice plasma TV and decent room size. But the TV didn't work (and had to be replaced with a normal bulky CRT which couldn't utilize the special video check-out and movies). Later, I took a shower and discovered that we hadn't been left any shampoo (just two bottles of conditioner) and -- this is the kicker -- there was a dried red substance covering one of the bathroom towels. It looked like blood, but I couldn't be sure. We called the manager and she apologized, but the hotel didn't do anything for us. They just replaced the towels the next day. Also, do not pay extra to have breakfast added to your room. The restaurant is good, but the $20+ fee is just used as an offset to your bill. So if you eat $15 of food, you don't get anything back... but if you spend $25 for breakfast, you have to pay another $5. That's the dumbest thing ever -- why should I bother paying for breakfast in advance if I don't get a discount? Also, it took 25 minutes for us to be seated even though the restaurant was 50% empty (they were short staffed because it was Easter weekend).  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>2	3	4	5	4	2	2	3	

<Author>missyltc
<Content>Best Hotel Ever       room service  
<Date>Apr 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tktchr
<Content>Good location for public transportation, lovely hotel We just returned from a three-night stay at the Sofitel. The hotel is really lovely and the staff is terrific. The location is excellent if you're using public transportation (the Metro is a block away) - this is the first time we took public transportation to a city from the airport and it was very easy.It's a very quiet area on the weekends and at night, so if you're looking for somewhere with some nightlife, this may not be your first choice. We did have dinner reservations at Georgia Brown's and Old Ebbitt Grill; both were an easy walk from the hotel, but those were pretty much our only options except for the steak place across the street, but my husband's a vegetarian so we don't usually go to those.There is no wireless Internet in the rooms, but rather than spring for the T-mobile service we just used the computers off the lobby. There's even a printer so you can print your boarding passes for the return flight home.There is no coffee maker in the room, but there is coffee in the bar until 10:00. We packed our Starbucks mugs so we could easily grab it in the morning.We are Sofitel members but were not offered any upgrade or free drinks upon checking in. We were, however, able to get into our room at 10:00 am when we got in, and were given a late check out of 4:00 pm, which was really wonderful. The room was pretty much your standard hotel room size with a king bed and a chair, a mini-bar that charges your account as soon as you move an item (so we opened it, looked in it, shut it and never opened it again), etc. Our room was on the 12th floor so we had nice light, even though the view was of the office building next door (we don't care about views for three-night stays). The most surprising thing about the room was that there was a really nice quantity of electrical outlets. We usually travel with a surge protector so that we can charge the laptop, iPods, cell phones, cameras, etc., but we had no need for it at the Sofitel.We only had two occasions to call the desk. Once was when we got into our room and realized that there was no robe (which I do use so I don't have to pack one). We called and they sent two up immediately. The other time was when we noticed that there was no little shelf in the shower for toiletries. It had obviously been broken off. We called and they sent someone up to take a look but it wasn't repaired during our stay (and we were never called again to let us know what was going on). It was actually a nuisance not having anywhere to put the shampoo, etc. while showering and my husband has a bad back so I didn't want him bending down repeatedly to get the shampoo, soap, etc. I took care of it by taking one of the laundry bags they provide, tying a knot in it and hanging it from the shower door knob, but one shouldn't have to do that in a 4-star hotel.The only other complaint that I would have is that the bed had to be the hardest mattress I've ever encountered. The linens were excellent, the pillows were fine, but that mattress was awful.All-in-all we enjoyed our stay for what we paid (which was significantly less than the rate that's quoted on their website - we booked through Expedia). If you aren't someone who wants to walk to clubs and bars at night you will probably enjoy staying there.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>COhotelcritic
<Content>prime location       sleeping area  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	5	2	

<Author>dmlover76
<Content>Great in all ways but... I booked the hotel for MLK Jr. weekend, and the hotel was only half-full capacity. It was a special weekend for my partner and me, so I wanted it to be special. I am a Sofitel Privilege member, and I hoped that this being a special weekend for me, I requested an upgrade to a suite. And being that they were only half-full, I figured they would upgrade me, but they didn't. I was a little disappointed in that matter, especially being a Sofitel Privilege member. Regardless, the location is prime and the Metro, restaurants, and the White House are all a few minutes walking distance. The nice touches of welcome drinks, a bottle of Evian, and Roger Cadet toiletries were all nice. Le Bar is a great lounge!  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Polarwanderer
<Content>Great location, wonderful room. We stayed at the Sofitel for the weekend and like the reviewers below had a wonderful stay. The location is great just a block from the White House and a few blocks from the Mall. I'm a Sofitel member and they upgraded us to a deluxe room with a seperate sitting area. The room was done in white and warm woods. It was very clean and the staff was very friendly. There is free internet just off the job. In short, highly recommend this place. However, the Ritz Carlton Georgetown has a wonderful lobby for drinks, so stay here and go there for a cocktail.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jtbeknott
<Content>Good location, problem mattress We stayed at this hotel primarily due to the very high ratings on Trip Advisor and the relative reasonable price.On the good side:Reasonable price for DC, especially considering the location.Location is excellent. Near the White House and Metro stop. Nice, friendly concierge staff. Very helpful in finding excellent food.Rooms very quiet.On the bad side:Restaurant very expensive with average food. At least there was a Starbucks at the next corner.Very small. Other than the bar and the room, there is no where to sit and relax.Biggest complaint is the bed was very uncomfortable. Mattress was old and very saggy.We provided a helpful complaint upon check out by never heard anything.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	3	5	-1	

<Author>tomtom333
<Content>Excellent Rooms! Stayed just one night in a deluxe room which was spacious, well furnished. The bed was very confortable. The bathroom was great with a seperate shower cubicle and good toiletries. The room was clean and the was fast internet access for $9.95 per day. It looks as though the hotel has been refurished within the last few years. Didnt use the restaurant, instead went to a very good steak house over the road. Had room service breakfast which was well presented and plentifull. Will definitley stay here again and take some time to look at Washingtons sights. The hotel is extremely well located near the White House.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>orr333
<Content>Nice - but worth the high rate? I stayed one night previous to this at another property but moved to the Sofitel because it was the location of my meeting. The previous night, I stayed at the Hilton Garden Inn as it was much cheaper and my Hilton Rewards are better. I moved to be onsite for my meeting.The rates are high but you do get a little more. The shower and separate tub are great. The room amenities are fantastic. The internet is not free which always dissapoints me. The bed rivals any of the Hilton The Bed rooms I have been in around the US. Very plush sleeping accomodations.The guest service is above and beyond when it comes to concierge, business services and personal waitstaff/bar service.The food is extremely overpriced and therefore I did not eat here. The Sofitel is 2 blocks from the White House and several places to eat in the DC area. McPherson Square subway station is 1 block away and I found the trains to be clean and easy to get around on. If I visited for business, I would stay again but I think the difference in rate to other similar properties is worth the change. The difference in amenities and service do not quite warrant the substantial increase in rate per night.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>warum
<Content>Service problems at Tripadvisor's No. 1 We booked Sofitel Washington because of the no. 1 rating at Tripadvisor. We stayed during christmas from Dec 25, 2006 for three nights in a standard room (174 USD/night tax incl.) and a suite (325 USD/night tax incl.).The location is perfect the hotel in a good shape. The rooms are spacious, the marble bathroom has a separate shower stall and everything is very clean. The first suite on the fifth floor was spacious but equipped with one small single cupboard (about 15 inches) with integrated ironing board and space for 3 (!) hangers. So we got another suite with more storage possibilities.Unfortunately the service is contrary to the quality of the rooms. The Sofitel - luxury division of french Accor Hotels - is on the service side truely laissez-faire that means not unfriendly but inefficient. Some aspects:- No doorman available at arrival, no help with the luggage, we had to carry the luggage during strong rain on our own (no staff with umbrella),- all three days friendly but very relaxed service at the restaurant-bar (ordered drinks forgotten, pasta with chicken served without chicken, ketchup served minutes after serving the french fries, serving other guests dishes...),- housekeeping cleaned the room in the later afternoon twice (good: seperate turndown with a complimentary bottle of Evian),- there are a few breakfast menues available only, no buffet breakfast and no choice for a nicer breakfast (there wasn't even a selection of cheese available),- quite bad the concierge service: I requested a shuttle service to Dulles airport. The concierge offerd an overpriced service because they just work with one company they have a contract with. I had to search the internet on my own (the offers were generally 30-40 USD cheaper) and the concierge didn't even call the company I wanted to book because he wasn't allowed to from the management (so he said)!In total Sofitel has nice rooms in best location with mediocre service and is nothing special for a luxury hotel. So take it if the rates are O.K. but don't expect to much.P.S. As a Sofitel privelege card holder I didn't get a voucher for a welcome drink or sweets in the room (and I am still waiting for the points).  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	1	2	3	

<Author>KarenSMichigan
<Content>A wonderful stay! Our room was beautiful!!!! I sleep in a waterbed normally, and most hotel beds are like boards to me, but this bed was, without a doubt, one of the most comfortable beds I have ever slept in at a hotel. The comfortable bed with the wonderful linens...... I was in heaven. The bathroom was beautiful with a great shower. The room was well worth the price. We enjoyed a glass of wine at the outside tables at the end of each day after miles of walking and taking in the sights of DC. The concierge was helpful and the bartender friendly. The room was spotless and comfortable. What more could you ask for?  
<Date>Feb 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HotelReviewer83
<Content>Sophisticated l'art de vivre at Sofitel I recently stayed at the Sofitel Lafayette Square, after a superb time at the Water Tower property in Chicago a while ago. Both hotels deserve their ratings and reviews on Tripadvisor without a doubt. I was upgraded to a deluxe corner room, which was spacious, super clean, lovely designed, with the signature marble bathroom, just like the Water Tower. The beds are probably one of the nicest features. No flatscreen TVs as of yet, if you really care about that. Getting to the hotel from Reagan Airport and getting around Washington is a breeze, the McPherson square metro station is just a block away. The concierge can arrange a towncar to take you to Dulles if needed. As most reviewers have said, the most noteworthy asset of this and other Sofitels is their staff - warm, polite, sincere, service-oriented without being overbearing. Internet is available for a charge in the rooms, but there is a business center just off the lobby with complimentary computers, internet, and printer. LeBar is a nice place for a coffee or cocktail, I did not have the opportunity to try the restaurant.Check the Sofitel website for rates that offer great value for what you get. Would recommend it to anyone needing a hotel in DC.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>wacka
<Content>Cannot Compliment Enough! When I book a hotel, there are three things that are important to me: Location, luxury, and personal sevice. The Sofitel Lafayette Square provides all three in manner that is rarely matched anywhere else in the world.I have stayed here 6 times over the last 3 years. Many of the key staff remember me and treat me as if I am a frequent guest. The concierge recommends and books the best special places, the front doorman jumps to help with a bag or a smile, and the front desk team is quick to provide the best room available. DC has become an expensive hotel night, but I feel like I get value at the Sofitel.During my most recent stay in January, my wife and I had an inordinate amount of luggage. The front desk manager arranged for a much larger vehicle on very short notice and then supervised the loading of all our things for the trip to the airport. I appreciated his sincere service.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BostonAdrianne
<Content>Very Sophisticated Stayed in a Superior King Bed, which was a nice spacious room with modern/classic design. I liked having a bathroom down a little hallway and more separate from the general bed area. The shower was nice, but the tub was not a deep soaking tub like described. The sink area was very nice, i liked the marble, the lighting, and the flowers. The bed was very comfortable, I slept very well. Nice toiletries, which they restocked each day, although the towels could have been nicer - a bit rough as was the robe which i didnt bother using. The workout room was the most modern I had ever seen  they supply fresh towels, water,  fruit, and all the cardio machines have tvs with cable attached, the weight machines all looked brand new! the first night we had a late dinner in the lounge which was surprisingly popular with hip music  cool decor. The waiter was extremely polite  sincere sounding. The food was excellent for late lounge food, although - you pay for what you get. Great location 1 block from the White House,  also close to the Verizon Center, and not too far from Dupont Circle. the last day we splurged for breakfast in the dining area, which surprisingly had the same prices for food as the room service. Food was expensive  not fulfilling, although the waitstaff was attentive. (The coffee was good, they gave you a full pot of french pressed Lavazza) I had read reviews to not eat in the dining area, and now I see why. Breakfast was about $40-50 for two people. The doorman was also very nice  attentive to call a cab or open the door with eagerness.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>JD58
<Content>Yes Yes Yes I have travelled extensively and this is definately one of the most comfortable and well run hotels I have stayed in. Very well located, all the staff are amaingly helpful and the room whilst not the largest is surperbly designed with attention to detail. From a work point of view, there is a great desk in the delux room, exceptionally large with good access points for laptop cables etc. Very comfortable bed and great bathroom with large shower. Wardrobe and drawer space is not massive but it works (I don't travel light and after asking for some more hangers that arrived immediately everything fitted in) and plenty of well positioned mirrors. The WiFi costs $9.95 a day but you can purchase an extended period to avoid having to go through the process every day. If I have needed anything the response has always been professional and immediate. Small details are evident too, the lifts work better than anywhere I have been - there has only been one occasion where one hasn't been available immediately, and then the wait was minimal. A bottlle of Evian water is left in the room each night and staff recognise you from the moment you check in. On the subject of staff - the concierge service is second to none with access to restaurants I am assured are usually booked up weeks in advance.There is an interesting mix of customers, business and leisure so you dont get that sterile conference atmosphere. It really is a gem and whilst not cheap, the experience is such I would try very hard to make sure I stayed here rather than anywhere else in Washington next time I visit.Small tip - if you want to relax at a spa during your visit, book a treatment at the Mandarin Oriental, you won't regret it!  
<Date>Feb 3, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ohbuddy18
<Content>best service in DC, great location If you want an overall excellent experience while at the nation's Capitol, then the Sofitel is your place!I checked in on a Sunday evening (the first snowfall of the year) and was taken care of by a very friendly and knowledgeable front desk attendant. Upon settling into my room, I realized that I felt my cell phone in the car I had just dropped off to the valet. I went back downstairs, and told this to the same attendant that I had just checked in with. He immediately walked outside, in the 22 degree cold, snowy weather, walked 3 blocks to a parking garage and retreived my phone for me. This is excellent customer service that you won't find at most places!The room was large, the bed was very comfortable and the door staff, valet, housekeeping, restaurant staff etc...were all very polite, friendly and professional. They truly made you feel like they appreciated you staying at their property (normally you feel like you're bothering the employees by staying at their hotel.)Yes, it's expensive (although I got a great off-season rate,) and the extras are expensive (valet, restaurant, room service) but those are all optional. All in all, I have nothing but good things to say about the Sofitel, and look forward to staying here again.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>myszia
<Content>what's all the fuss about? After seeing so many glowing reports on trip advisor about sofitel d.c., my husband and i felt pretty confident that spending $250 per night would be well worth the money. mind you, we're not hard to please, we hadn't been on a vacation in about a year, and we only had this weekend to enjoy without our little kid who was at grandma's--so we would have been thrilled to be alone just about anywhere!our room was pretty abysmal. obviously alot of effort has gone into interior design, and it shows. however, just about every item in the room was visibly stained, ripped or damaged in some way--from the lamp shades to the wallpaper. it seemed as though motley crue had stayed there the night before. our room was obviously luxurious years ago, but no longer. there were no other rooms available that night due to a wedding, and so we were out of luck, and that's basically the way the front desk delivered the bad news to us. hardly any of the finesse described by other reviewers. after our trip, i wrote to one of the managers on the hotel website and received the same treatment, a sorry your trip wasn't everything you expected form letter without making any amends or discount on future stays, etc.our view out the window is best described as tenement housing-esque. the view of the next building took up the entire window, and only about five feet away. needless to say, we kept the blinds shut the entire time, not what we would have done at normally, especially since we were spending alot of daytime in the room.the bathroom was great, however. the fresh flowers were a nice touch and everything was really clean. it was also a luxury to have a bathtub and separate shower.and the bed was really comfortable too...but those two things hardly add up to $250 per night.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>billyt23
<Content>perfect Unfortunately, only stayed one night at this wonderful hotel.From the moment we entered, we knew we had chosen the right hotel.The staff, the location, the ambience, the restarant, the room (which was one of the nicest we had ever stayed in) - all suberb.Thank you again Trip Advisor for yet another wonderful recommendation.Will definately re-visit Washington and stay at this wonderful hotel.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>burger-j
<Content>Glad we stayed here We stayed here for three nights at the beginning of December 2006 and it was a great location and very comfortable. It may be a little pricier than some hotels but it was very welcoming very and clean and had all the amenities.No tea or coffee facilities in the room which was a little odd though.Overall very nice and if I ever have the joy of going to washington again I'd probably stay here again!(PS. If you need to order room service then the Onion Soup is particularly marvellous and also a bargain!)  
<Date>Jan 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>English_Traveller-7
<Content>Great Hotel  This hotel is in an excellent location for walking to all the top washington attractions. There were a lot of good restaurants near the hotel, again in walking distance. Room was very nice, espically the bathroom, although only complaint about the room was there wasn't much storage space for hanging clothes.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>kaykat4533
<Content>A Nice Hotel The Sofitel was in a great location, only a couple blocks from the White House; 10-15 min walk to many restaurants, China Town, monuments, and the National Mall. The rooms were small, but clean (and I am fussy!). Small imperfections in the room, such as a small hole in the carpet, a sheet missing from the bed, etc-but the bed was so comfortable! I paid $160/night stayed in room 1006 (which has an awful view of the construction on the office building next door). I am happy with the price in relation to what I got (most important to me is location and cleanliness). I would not spend more than $160. The breakfast on New Years Day was ok: $20/person and had the typical American buffet; it was nothing special and next time I think I would go somewhere else for breakfast.We tried to get a drink in the hotels bar but, after not being served for a few minutes decided to leave (the $13 martinis persuaded us as well...restaurants in the area had $9-$10 martinis. A piece of advice about DC: unless you like to go to a bar or club to celebrate, their NYE was pretty lame-no fireworks or anything provided by the city. Also, make reservations at restaurants for dinner.Overall, I am happy with my stay at the Sofitel!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>Patrick5
<Content>Mislead in cost of internet access I stayed here for three nights the last week of December. It is a good hotel in a good location but:-The hotel's web site implies that internet access is free but that isn't so; they charge $9.95/day regardless of whether you use the provided ethernet cable or wi-fi (aT-mobile service). I used the ethernet cable, but the process of authorizing the charge each day took about five minutes (the system is very slow).-Valet parking costs $31/day.-The restaurant (Cafe 15) had very slow service when I eat there, even though they weren't doing much business.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	4	3	5	5	2	

<Author>Miamiheat1
<Content>OK- But nothing special Since this was the #1 hotel rated by trip advisor (at the time), I thought that this would be something special. I just didn't see what the fuss was about. Everything was fine, but nothing blew me away. The hotel had a nice bar, a nice (and expensive) restaurant, a decent gym, and the rooms were decent. But like I said.... nothing was particularly outstanding or noteworthy.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Sharonrene
<Content>A Very Nice Experience We stayed at the Sofitel-Washington D.C. hotel for 4 nights and it was one of the cleanest hotels we've been to. This for us ranks highest when staying outside of our home, anything else after this is a plus. We were always greeted warmly when arriving back at the hotel from a day out and when asked for extra towels or concierge information about restaurants and shops nearby, we got good feedback and service. The hotel is around the corner from the McPhearson metro stop, making sightseeing a breeze. We were able to walk to the White House comfortably and could have made the walk to the Mall area featuring the monuments and museums but the metro(subway) was the smartest option. You want to minimize walking whenever possible if you are planning on walking all day long, get a rest in when you can. The downside of our visit didn't have much to do with the hotel since it is located in a fairly nice area with many beautiful buildings. We found it hard to find a good place to eat besides a Subway sandwich shop down the street. There are not an abundance of fast food places which is not a bad thing but we are not likely to pay $100 for dinner at the hotel restaurant and after a long day, it would have been nice to grab a bite close to the hotel. Also there are homeless people around the metro station and across the street at the park. We never had a problem with anyone but it is very disturbing when you have young children with you that see that. It's a shame that this happens down the street from the White house no less. Overall I would stay here again for the extreme cleanliness and location to the Mall for sightseeing.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>keaneBaltimore
<Content>Not for Romance My husband and I stayed a weekend to celebrate our 11 year anniversary. I called the hotel directly to make reservations because I wanted a room with a large tub and separate shower. This was my only requirement for the room and I was assured the room had a deep soak bathtub. We paid $350/night for a deluxe suite. Our room was not ready when we arrived at the hotel at nearly 6:00PM, so we were escorted to the bar where we were told we would be taken care of by the bartender... I thought maybe a free glass of wine or something- but no, it was about $10/drink and added tip- no compensation. We were told our luggage would be taken up to the room when it was ready- when we finally got up there our luggage was not there... more waiting. The biggest disappointment- the deep soak bathtub is a standard size tub raised off the ground about 6 inches- I am 5'4 and could not fit in the bathtub comfortably. My husband talked with the manager- explaining that it was our anniversary and this is not what we had asked for. He eventually offered to give us a discount on the presidential suite- which is thousands of dollars- great . No other compensation was offered. Also- our deluxe suite was across from the elevators with a lovely view of a rooftop and the sides of some other buildings. Our room was not cleaned until about 5:00PM. This hotel may be nice for a business stay- but not a place to stay for a romantic weekend in DC. The only good thing- the bed was amazingly comfortable- but not worth $350/night.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	4	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>avgguy1
<Content>Really Good Hotel. Stayed here three times in the last year, most recently in early December for 2 nights. Low-key and relaxed is how I'd describe the place each time I've stayed. (Been there on both weekdays and weekends). The service (from doormen, to concierge to front desk) is friendly and attentive but not overbearing. The lobby never feels crowded or too busy. I love grabbing a drink at the lobby bar - rich, warm colors and comfortable seating. (You can eat there too, but I haven't tried the food. I think they primarily serve small appetizers from the connected restaurant, but I'm not sure.) Music is not so loud that you can't have a conversation. The rooms are also warm and inviting in design. The bed is very comfortable. Bathroom is great too, though the separate tub seems to be a waste considering its rather small size isn't exactly inviting to anyone over 5'6. My only real complaint though is that the small TV and clock radio are noticeably out-dated and feel completely out-of-place in the room. A flat screen and a radio/cd player that you could plug your mp3 player into definitely should be std in a hotel like this. Bottom line is that over the last two years I've stayed in a number of hotels in DC (Park Hyatt, Hotel Madera, Washington Court, Hotel George, Fairmont, etc.), and this one's my favorite.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Mgbeaty
<Content>Above Average, But Not the Best We stayed at the hotel for five nights in December. It's a small hotel and we had a good experience. It's a solidly above average hotel, but I don't think it deserves the # 1 rating. For example, the staff was very nice, but it doesn't have a pool, there is only one bar, and there is no spa.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Insightful
<Content>Palatial comfort at the Sofitel I stayed in the Sofitel for two nights in mid-September. When I arrived at about 10 p.m., I was fairly tired after ten hours of commuting from Dublin through Boston to Washington. The executive in charge behind the check-in desk asked me whether , in view of my lengthy journey, I would like to be upgraded to a suite. I quickly accepted this kind offer without realising the full extent of its generosity. When the bell boy opened the door to my suite (which simply bore an ordinary set of numerals on its door), I noticed a beautiful hexagonal hallway with two beguiling paintings on the walls. I followed him down a long corridor, past a palatial marbled bathroom complete with its own anteroom, into my bedroom which housed one of the most comfortable beds known to mankind.On checking through my rooms ten minutes later, I realised that it was the Presidential Suite and that it also contained two sitting rooms and an office complete with mahogany consultation table and fax machine. Paradise found ! Faced with this Utopia, I asked myself Where's the catch ? But there wasn't any.I found all of the staff in the hotel to be charming, friendly individuals. The hotel boasts a chic bar on the left hand side as you enter the building and the jewel in its crown, Cafe 15, on the right hand side, where I had breakfast on the second day of my stay. It's a bright, airy room with a number of eye-catching paintings. The breakfast was served with panache by a waitress with a broad smile and the good food on offer was consumed with gusto by yours truly.All in all, I had an incredibly memorable stay at the Sofitel in Lafayette Square. It's situated literally five minutes walk away from the White House and the Washington Monument is within easy striking distance. Although I do not expect an upgrade of the same calibre next time I visit a Sofitel, I love their way of doing things and I will return to them again and again.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Musician101
<Content>Very good hotel We found the good reviews to be fully justified. We stayed 5 nights in a deluxe room and found everything to be of very good quality: the room, the food and the friendly helpful service, plus, of course, the very convenient location. A very happy experience, completed by the fact that the hotel found my house keys which I accidentally left in the room and sent them on to our next hotel.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>GoRead
<Content>The best hotel in DC I had made reservations at another well-known DC hotel, but after reading negative online reviews, I started to search around for the Best of DC. The Sofitel received the best online feedback, so I immediately switched my reservation to Sofitel. My stay there was incredible and I'm happy I made the change! It is the best hotel in DC.Check in was very quick and friendly. I gave my last name and the staff person took my CC. I also gave her my Sofitel Privilege card. Make sure to sign up for the card before you book your online reservations. You get some benefits (free drinks, gift, early check in/late check out). I had signed up for the card after I made my reservations, so my room wasn't ready with my gift.If you make your reservation with the Sofitel website, you can save a lot. There is a great offer listed where the only stipulation is you can't make any changes/cancellations. They charge your credit card immediately when you make the reservation. Take this offer if you have definite dates set! I saved A LOT on a room that could have cost me $500. Using the offer, my room was $150.I was upgraded to a deluxe suite. It was a corner room with large windows and views on two sides. My room looked different than what they showed on the Sofitel website. The rooms on the website look very colorful. My room was beautiful, but it was all white and beige. Original art is hung above the bed. The bed is so soft! They have huge, soft pillows. It was honestly the most comfortable bed I have ever been in. I joked about stealing a pillow (I didn't!).The bathroom was clean. There was a fresh white orchid stem in a sterling silver vase. There are sterling silver trays and sterling silver cup covers. There are glasses. There is a box with cotton swabs, cotton wipes, mints, nail files, and a shower cap. There were clean white slippers in the bathroom. There is a glass wall shower with a separate tub. In other reviews people rave of the Roger and Gallet products. I didn't like them, but it was better than nothing. One thing I noticed was we had three full towels and two hand towels, but no face towels. I thought it was odd they didn't put these out. The closet and dresser are hidden behind glass doors. Here you'll find wooden and padded hangers. There is a small ironing board and iron. There is also a safe. The glasses and ice bucket are hidden above the dresser. You'll also find a basket with a shoe horn and a clothes brush.Our room also had a large desk, TV, radio/alarm clock, French magazines, and mini bar. The mini bar has sensors, so if you remove something, it immediately charges you. This means you can't move anything around to put in your own drinks or food. The menu for room service looks impressive. At turn down service, they leave you one bottle of Evian and a room service breakfast menu where you can check off what you want and then hang on the door before 2AM. You can buy any breakfast and get free coffee, juice, and a paper (they also leave free newspapers on tables near the elevators). The average breakfast is $14. However, we didn't order anything. There is a 18% gratuity and $2.50 delivery charge. We didn't try the bar or restaurant. They look nice and offer a great menu, but we had other plans scheduled. Every morning, there is free coffee and tea service. The layout is beautiful. They have a wide selection of teas. Off to the side, they even offer To Go cups, which is great for people heading out to enjoy DC. The McPherson Metro is literally right around the corner. It's a great hotel, in a great location.The staff is very kind. You really feel like everyone is taking care of you. The door men are extremely friendly. At one point, we had two people opening both doors for us. The concierge is helpful. The bellmen are nice, too. At one point, we ran out of cash and couldn't tip a bellman. The bellman we couldn't tip was still friendly when he helped us a second time. We had cash the second time we saw him, so we were able to tip then. It was a great experience. Things I didn't have like my Privilege Card gift and face towels did not make a difference. I feel like if I had called down and asked for them, or anything for that matter, they would have accommodated my requests.Stay at the Sofitel!  
<Date>Sep 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>love2trabel
<Content># 1? I stayed at this hotel with high expecations since rated #1 by trip advisor. The only thing about this hotel that stood out to me was the friendliness of the staff and how they seem to cater to your every need. The valets and doormen were so nice and always greeted us and asked us if we needed any dining suggestions. This was very appreciated as we wanted to eat someplace other than the hotel. The first night we had dinner at Cafe 15 and found the service from OUR waiter to be pretty lame. Having to pour our own water and waiting over 20 minutes for our bill, as our waiter was wandering around as if he was looking for something to do. HELLLOOOO, we're sitting here staring at you with a table full of empty plates and glasses! Thankfully, Marlos, another server, noticed that we were not getting attentive service and came right over with some complimentary goodies. I thought this was a very nice gesture. The concierge was very helpful as well, getting us a rental car as well as directions to several locations we were looking for. Arriving to the door of our room was interesting, apparently someone had graffiti written max above the door number. Hopefully that will be cleaned up. The other point that needed some cleaning was the carpet right by the bed area. I won't even mention what type of spots those look like. The separte tub/shower combo was fabulous. I really enjoyed being able to take a bath after a long day. Especially in a clean bathtub! The view from our room was GREAT!!! I found the large windows very nice as they let plenty of sunshine in. Lastly, the bed itself was very comfortable and the pillows were great too. The only complaint was that the duvet fit more like two sheets wrapped around a down comforter becasue I had to contantly rewrap the comforter between these two sheets since the tags kept rubbing on my face. If I ever return to DC I would try a different hotel this one simply did not live up to my expectations. Some other cons are that there is no gift shop and no pool. The only pro -service there for the most part was awesome! For those that like to indulge in spa activities the I SPA at the Williard is FAB!!!  
<Date>Sep 13, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	5	3	4	5	1	

<Author>Nancy_from_CA
<Content>Well-deserved #1 rating We stayed at the Sofitel over Labor Day weekend, arriving on Friday, Sep 1. The doorman immediately ran out to greet our cab and held an umbrella over us to shield us from the driving rain. He returned to the cab to fetch our luggage and waited in the lobby with our bags until we had completed check-in.Check-in was handled in less than one minute. I gave the front desk clerk my name and credit card. She imprinted the card and handed me the check-in packet with the keys. When I made the reservation, the reservation agent asked me what time we would be arriving and the hotel had everything ready for us at that time. Excellent service!I highly recommend that you sign up on the Sofitel website for their Privilege card in advance of your stay. Because we had the card we received a voucher for a free drink in the bar, a complementary late check-out (2 pm), and a lovely small gift of chocolates was waiting for us in our room. The doorman escorted us to our room, brought in our luggage (no calling down to have the bags brought up!), and then offered to get us some ice. I travel frequently and I have not had such personalized service upon check-in in a great while.The room was beautiful and very comfortable. A word of caution - the hotel has less than 20 double bedded rooms. If you require one of these, rather than a king-sized bed, you need to contact the hotel directly so that they can allocate one to you.We enjoyed cocktails in the bar and complementary coffee service there the next morning. We only used the restaurant for breakfast, but it was elegant and the food was delicious.The service throughout our stay was wonderful, yet I never sensed anyone had their hand out for a tip. Service, location and comfort were superb. It is clear why this hotel has such a high rating by travelers.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>hitherephilly
<Content>Enjoyed Our Stay Very Much! We stayed at the Sofitel Lafayette Square on Sept. 3 for one night in a Deluxe Room. My boyfriend and I loved the hotel, and this means a lot because I am a tough critic and have very high expectations!! The room was new and very clean. The decor was modern and hip!!! The linens were crisp and fresh, carpet was clean, the room was sunny and the bathroom was clean. Inside the bathroom were Rogers  Gallet shampoo, conditioner, lotion, and oat milk shower gel which was yummy. Shower had a see-through glass walls which was pretty cool and awesome water pressure. The hotel is in a good location and close to the White House and a block away from the Metro. The concierge was very helpful in giving us directions to different museums and metro stops. All in all--a great stay! Tips:1) Ask to face out (not courtyard which is very dark.) May cost an extra $50 but is probably worth it. 2) Tell them you want a room away from elevator. I said that--they respected my request and it was quiet.3) Bring water and a snack with you to the hotel because there is not really a lobby shop to speak of where you can buy sundries.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	2	4	-1	

<Author>dominic8
<Content>Excellente! Stayed at the Sofitel Lafayette Square Washington DC for 3 nights (Aug 22-25) and received an excellent service. The check-in was prompt and all of the staff made us welcomed. Just after we settled in, there was a knock on the door and it was one of the reception staff with a welcome letter and a box of chocolates - a really nice touch. The room (King-Size Deluxe) is elegantly furnished with a fantastic bathroom/shower (although a tad noisy when you turn the bath on). As the other reviewers commented, the location was great. The Metro Station was 1 block either side, very close to the White House and close to 2 highly commended restaurant (Old Ebbitt Grill  Georgia Brown).We would definitely go back and stay here!  
<Date>Aug 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>nnovice
<Content>Tres bien! My husband and I just returned from a 5 night stay at the Sofital. It was great! The front desk was attentive and prompt. The Concierge had great restaurant recommendations and directions. The bartender made a great mojito and their restaurant, Cafe 15 has incredible desserts. The doormen were courteous and nonintrusive. Also, the laundry services although...etait cher...$$$ was worth it and we had our clean clothes waiting for us in the room before 6PM. We were on the fourth floor and overlooked 15th street. The hotel is close to 2 metro stations and relatively close to downtown monuments and points of interest including the White House Much like other posters we too found the hotel to be skimpy with the towels. However they promptly brought us extras when we asked for them. Also, not having experienced Europe first hand, we were both taken aback by the european linens aka no top sheet at first. The bed was very comfortable...and felt great after a long day of walking and sight seeing. We agree that if we are in DC again we will not hesitate to stay at Sofital.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>TTYSE
<Content>Sofitel is Lovely We stayed in a deluxe room at the Sofitel for two nights and very much enjoyed our stay. The hotel decor - from the lobby, to the restaurant, to the room - was excellent, and very well maintained. The staff members were incredibly friendly and helpful - they recommended Kaz Sushi in the area, which was delish. The food in the restaurant was terrific, especially the Cupcake of Death. We were granted early check-in (12:00 p.m. instead of 3:00 p.m.) and late check-out (2:30 p.m. instead of 12:00 p.m.). Most of all, this hotel is in a great location, only two blocks from the White House.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>snthomas
<Content>Loved it! Stayed here with our two young boys (5 7) for 4 nights. Location is very good, being 2 short blocks from the subway entrance that takes you directly to the National Mall. The room was beautiful and clean. The bed was wonderful. The food in the restaurant was very good and the service was very attentive. There were some problems: a fold-out sofa bed that wasn't there as promised and some quirky European-style issues with the times that breakfast was served. But these were solved cheerfully by the staff.As for the previous reviewers comments, one needs to insist on a room that does not face into the dark central courtyard; I saw such a room and would have been very unhappy with it. Our room faced East (to the exterior of the building) with lots of light.My five year old keeps asking when we are going back to this Hotel--all the waiters and waitresses in the restaurant were very kind to my kids. We will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>chevy15
<Content>Perfect Hotel! We recently spent the weekend in DC and absolutely loved Sofitel! Perfect location! Only a block from the White House and the Metro. The front desk staff were very nice and friendly. Our room was spotless and beautifully decorated, nice size bathroom and very comfy bed. We parked our car with valet which is very convenient (parking is not easy in DC!). We chose not to eat at the hotel's restaurant (although the bar did look very nice and cozy) and instead went across the street to Bobby Van's Steak House, it had to be one of the best steaks I had ever eaten! We will definitely be staying there again.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>arr14803
<Content>Not a family friendly hotel! I travelled with my wife and 2 yr old. We had booked a deluxe suite and were given one right by the elevator which we could hear though out the night. It was extremely annoying. We requested for a change in room and we were very nicely told to get lost. We were supposed to stay there for 14 nights but ended up leaving it sooner. The housekeeping was horrible as mentioned by other reviwer. The valet parking is horrible. We had to wait for over 30mins for our car to arrive. The front desk staff pretends to be very friendly but they have the typical french attitude. I would never ever stay in this hotel again and i warn you to do so at your own risk!!  
<Date>Aug 6, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	4	1	2	1	1	

<Author>normadesmond
<Content>Spotty service but still a very nice stay All in all, this was a very nice stay, but I wonder if the hotel has had some staff turnover, because I experienced some of the same spotty service problems as some of the most recent reviewers.First, the good part. The hotel is in a great location - one block to McPherson Square Metro, walking distance to the White House and the Mall, and Old Ebbit is right down the street. The hotel is beautifully appointed - rooms are charming and comfortable, with comfortable beds and a great bathroom with separate shower and tub. Everything worked really well (esp. the A/C which was really important because I stayed there during a heat wave)! The hotel bar is great with very good food and drinks and a nice vibe. The staff is very friendly. Turndown service was very nice, the front desk agents were very good and the doorman is very friendly and helpful. Room service food was really good.I don't really require overly indulgent service, but after the good reviews here I was surprised to find the service here pretty spotty. First, I had the same experience as the previous reviewer with housekeeping - one day I came back to find the bathroom only half cleaned (cleaning towel still in the bathtub, counters and shower not clean and no new toilitries). This was REALLY suprising - I never experienced this at any hotel before. I can understand a maid not making it into the room to clean at all, but how do you only halfway clean it? This was weird. Then the concierges were also pretty spotty. One was really helpful but the other one screwed up our reservations at restaurants twice. This was kind of annoying and interfered with our plans.I would definitely still recommend this hotel if service is not hugely important to you because the rooms and location are very nice, but I hope the hotel can improve upon the service in the future, because then it would be perfect.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>caribbeantourist
<Content>Very Nice but #1? We stayed at the Sofitel Lafayette 7/7/06-7/10/06. Overall, we were very pleased with our choice. A few minor glitches did make me wonder if Sofitel should indeed have been rated Tripadvisor鈥檚 #1 pick for Washington D.C. Upon arriving to the hotel, we found it surrounded by police cars, fire trucks, and the hazmat team. The receptionist simply said 鈥淥h, it happens all the time鈥? Interesting. We also found it a bit amusing that she told us we were being upgraded to a deluxe room, particularly since we had booked a deluxe room. The staff was generally very helpful. We did not witness individuals always looking for a tip as a previous review stated.  The room itself was not terribly large, but it was nicely decorated and clean. The bathroom had both shower stall and bath and was decorated with fresh flowers and a candle. The bedding was very comfortable. We ordered room service for breakfast 2 mornings. Breakfast entrees are accompanied by fresh squeezed juice, and your choice of hot chocolate, coffee, or tea. Fresh fruit was also included. Breakfast at the hotel was definitely a convenience, but while certainly OK, none of the entrees were fabulous (we had the waffles, eggs benedict, fresh berries, and an omelette). Also something to consider is that the bill for 2 days breakfast for 2 was $91 after added gratuities and delivery charges! The location was fabulous. The hotel is about 2 blocks from the McPherson Square train station. It is a $1.70 17 minute ride to the airport on the blue line. All of the sites were within walking distance, but if you prefer to take a cab, there was usually 1 up front waiting for use. We walked to dinner each night to places suggested by the concierge, and always felt safe. As mentioned by other reviewers, Old Ebbitt Grill (about 1-2 blocks away) is a nice place with lots of variety on the menu. It was still packed at 11:00 on a Friday night. The MS Grill was OK (stuffed shrimp were great; the prime rib special was a bit tough).  As for the aforementioned glitches, we felt like our room had not been completely finished the first night (we were missing some toiletries, a robe, and washcloths). A note left for the maid the next day remedied this. We did not get the turndown service mentioned in some of the reviews. Finally, we received a 6:20 am wake-up on one morning with them trying to deliver us room service which we had not ordered. This is easily written off as a mistake, but it is interesting that one of the other reviewers encountered the same situation! Nonetheless, the Sofitel is a very nice hotel, and we would not hesitate to stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Love It!!! We spent five nights at the Sofitel over the July 4th holiday. The room was quiet, clean, and comfortable. The staff was very pleasant and friendly. The metro is just around the corner. The mall is within easy waliking distance. Great location. We had a wonderful stay.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Kristimoo
<Content>Excellent Gem in a Perfect Location My husband and I spent 3 nights over Memorial Day Weekend. What a great hotell! Very close to the metro stop (McPherson Square) Due to two flight delays, we arrived looking haggard at 1:30 A.M. Staff was helpful and gracious at check-in. We recieved a room upgrade and were able to get a late check-out. Concierge was also fabulous and got us reservations at Old Ebbit Grill at last minute notice and told us about Cosi's nearby which sells fabulous egg sandwiches on square bagels. Our room was small but fabulous. A Georgous bathroom I didn't want to leave. French toiletries. Soaking tub and standup glass shower, marble sink and pocket doors to boot. Every day Evian water arrived (free). The maid was great. Any one who hasn't stayed at a Sofitel will soon learn the beds are to die for. It's difficult to wake up. Check out was a breeze. Tried Sofitel NYC also... I am hooked.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>marathon1231
<Content>Kudos all around My husband and I stayed here over Memorial Day weekend. Both of us are amazed by any review that is anything other than positive.First, we flew in on the red-eye, got to the hotel at 6:30 in the morning. We told the bellman that we just wanted to drop our bags off, but he suggested that we might be able to check in. We actually got our room, pretty amazing to us. The room, corner room on the 7th floor and there was not a single thing wrong with this room. We took a short break, unpacked, showered and hit the ground running. A block and a half from McPherson metro station on the blue and orange lines and probably 4 easy blocks from Metro Center. Better yet, easy walk to the White House, in fact our first morning we walked all the way down to Lincoln and up the Mall to Air  Space. Starbuck's across the street and during the week quite a few deli places (the hotel is located in an office area explaining why some places close come weekend). Old Ebbit down the street and I think Bobby Van's is the name of the steak place across the street.The staff was very friendly and helpful. No one was in your face, no one was looking for a tip. In my opinion they were very reserved and were there if you needed them. Every morning the bellman greeted us and wished us a good day and every night the new bellman wished us a good evening.Turndown service every night between 6:30 and 9 was great. They left water and changed out any towels you may have used during the day. The beds were great and the room was quiet.Overall, for $204 a night, it was a bargain.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DFHS
<Content>Great Location, poor service. Spent a weekend at the Sofitel at the beginning of May. The location of the hotel couldn't be better, centrally located to everything one would want to see on a weekend visit. The room was exceptionally nice, clean and well equipped. The bathroom has a large tub, separate shower and wonderful amenities. The only negative with this hotel is the unfriendly attitude of the staff. Not rude, just couldn't be bothered and slow. In addtion, tried to contact the hotel several times regarding a left behind item. I was always transferred to voicemail and never received a response to my message. The service and attitude at this hotel keeps it at good vs. great.  
<Date>May 27, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous hotel My daughter and I stayed at theSofitel for 12 days in April. It had all the features I was looking for. Extremely clean and extremely quiet, considering the downtown location. I asked for an upgrade due to our lengthy stay and they gave me a room with a great view. Also, it was only 1 block from the Metro. which made it convenient.The staff, especially all the conciege went out of their way to be helpful.The doorman, Mike, was great. Always curtious and pleasant.I will stay here again for sure.  
<Date>May 17, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>globetrottermom
<Content>Wonderful DC Hotel My husband and I spent the night at the Sofitel Lafyette Square and we thought it was nearly perfect. We are well heeled travelers and not easily satisfied where hotels are concerned. We both agreed that this hotel is first rate. The spacious, well appointed rooms are exceptionally clean and comfortable. I am often disgusted by beds in even the best hotels and I found the bed and bedding in our room to be wonderful. The rooms are also wonderfully quiet-- I didn't hear anything or anyone in the hallway or nearby rooms.The only flaw in the equation is the efficency of the valet parking operation. It just takes too long for the valet to retrieve your car. Be prepared and call for your car in advance. Sofitel as a brand always conjured an image of a run down hotel by a train station in any European city. When my husband suggested the hotel, the mental image was not favorable. The reality was something quite different than I expected and we enjoyed the hotel so much that we will make a point of seeking out Sofitel Hotels wherever we go.  
<Date>May 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Need improvement in customer service We stayed at this hotel for two nights for about $250 per night. I'll break down to negatives and positivies about this hotel.Negatives:1. Front desk people seemed to not know much about anything. We got lost looking for the hotel due to the traffic and the one way streets, so we called them for a land mark or directions. We were transfered to 3 different people, put on hold for about 15 minutes, then hung up on. Eventually, we found the hotel on our own, as it turned out we were one block away from the hotel, not 1 hour away as they told us. 2. It seemed like everytime we turned around the hotel staff had their hands out expecting a tip. This was even case for something as simple as opening the door for us when we walked through. We had no problem tipping the bellboys, housekeepers, or valet attendants because they actually helped us with something. However, we had a big problem with feeling like we were obligated to hand out money for no reason.3. We had to put in 3 different requests to housekeeping in the same afternoon before we received extra towels.4. Valet parking sometimes took up to 30 minutes before delivering the car, and this was on the weekend when there's not traffic.5. The food at the hotel was overpriced, not very good, and there's an 18% tip automatically added to your bill. Again, we felt that the tips should reflect the service, not demanded. This is not because we're cheap, our usually tip is between 15% to 40%.Positives:1. Location, location, location2. Cleanliness3. Great designs4. In room safe5. Very quiet  
<Date>May 12, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>davyjr
<Content>The Staff is Great I proposed to my fiance in DC in late April and the head of the concierge staff, Fouad, singlehandedly made it possible for me to follow through on all of my plans. The hotel is wonderful, as noted in other posts, but the real strength of this location is its staff. From the general manager and his assistant, Vivian, on through the rest of the employees, they really strive to make your stay an occasion to remember. My future bride and I look forward to another great stay in DC at the Sofitel.  
<Date>May 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>affluent_traveler
<Content>Heavenly beds!! This is our first time in a Sofitel hotel. We travel approx five times a year and require the highest standards as we are away from home a lot!We felt this hotel was comparable to a Four Seasons level. The room done in modern contempo and the beds was heavenly!!!Next time we will look for a Sofitel property first!  
<Date>May 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>How do you suppose we looked? We arrived with three children after a day of soccer followed by hours of driving. How do you suppose we looked? Yet the staff greeted us like we were royalty. Every person from valet to consierge was warm and helpful. If only every hotel stay was like this.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Friendly Staff Made the Visit Special Excellent Hotel. Pricey but worth it. The staff really make the visit nice, they really go far beyond to make sure you have a lovely stay. The beds are very comfortable, the location is great. We had 2 rooms, 1 king and 1 double and both were updated, clean and comfortable. The views out the windows were dull but that was an upgrade and we decided not worth it.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>rcmann
<Content>Fabulous Stay--Amazing Bed  All aspects of the Sofitel Lafayette Square are ideal. The room was sizable, the bathroom was beautiful and well stocked, and the hotel location is perfect. Everyone on staff was polite and one went out of his way to retrieve a package from our car for us. Bath toiletries are by Roger  Gallet and smell fantastic. We'll definitely be back.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mixed reviews My husband and I decided to stay her after reading reviews here. The staff was friendly and the room had all the amenties we needed. However, I could not give it a five rating because the condition of our room was not necessarily up to par. The carpet had alot of stains and the wall/ceiling looked like someone threw red punch on it. I was surprised at the quality and slight disrepair of the room for such an expensive hotel. We could have easily complained but we were so tired when we arrived, we just decided to settle in. The bed was extremely comfortable though and the location was great. I would consider staying here again albeit with some reservations and only if I got a good price on the room.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Silverwood
<Content>Simply Presidential I have just returned from a fabulous stay at the Sotifel. The staff were wonderful, they treated my family and I as though we were the only guests staying in the hotel. From valet parking, front desk, housekeeping to restaurant staff you couldn't wish for better service.The bedroom was decorated in a modern yet luxurious style. The beds were extremely comfortable...the shower superb...in fact I didn't want to get out of either! Bar and restaurant are excellent, the complimentary coffee and newspapers until 10am are a welcome touch.If you are travelling to Washington DC then stay here...you won't be disappointed.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JTB9110
<Content>Not Such a Good Experience Checked in on a Friday for a long weekend in Mid October. Arriving around 230PM we were made to wait until around 5PM to check in - due to late check outs. We were offered one complimentary glass of wine in the bar while waiting, were charged 10.00 for the additional glass. Upon checking in I enquired if the Sofitel chain was affiliated with either NWA or BA for frequent flier miles and the front desk rep had no idea. He did not volunteer to check on it for me either, just a simple I don't know. I would find it hard to believe I was the first person to ever ask about frequent flier miles but you never know.After we checked in our bags were not brought to our adjoining rooms like we were promised. Still more time wasted waiting for them. I was not given a key card for the outer door of our adjoining rooms, unfortunate for me I did not discover this till my friend and I split up to do different errands. The key kerfuffle was not handled well by the front desk...even more waiting while they got someone in security to make me the proper key. Around 1030PM Friday night I was awakened by Room Service entering my room. Apparently they had been knocking but I did not hear them ( the beds are very comfortable ). I did not think it was appropriate for them to just enter, especially when they had the wrong room. The coffee bar in the morning was nice. The last thing I did not appreciate was that on Sunday when I enquired about a late check out by 2 hours I was told NO, they had guests arriving that afternoon and needed the rooms ready by 3PM. That was interesting since it did not matter to them that I sat in the lobby about 2.5 hours on Friday due to late check outs. I have written well over a month ago to Sofitel Guest Relations with these and other concerns from my stay but they have yet to respond. I was unimpressed with their service and would not choose their hotel again. After spending 500 per room ( 1000 total ) for a weekend I expected a little more.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2005
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>parfro
<Content>View from a wheelchair in November 2005 Everywhere we went in the hotel was accessible - the staff are all charming and helpful.Our room was spacious with a sitting area beyond the kingsize bed. All the handicapped rooms are No. 31 on each floor and all look out on to a large inner square, making the rooms fairly dark. But if you are out all day, it doesn't really matter.The bathroom was big with a bath and with 2 shower stalls, one a flat entry with grab rails, the other, a regular one. No shower stool, but I requested one and it was made available very quickly. The toilet was a little higher than normal, also with a grab rail. The mono tap at the wash basin was much too stiff and though they sent an engineer to release it, not much was achieved. The mirror was much too high in the bathroom and also in the bedroom, as were the bedside light switches. All in all, it was not perfect handicapped accommodation but then, nowhere is! It was most acceptable.The hotel itself is delightful, with a really great and sophisticated bar and a wonderful dining room. We were happy to dine there on a wet and windy evening, though we also had a light meal in the bar the evening we arrived after a long flight. Breakfast was excellent for $16, with the best coffee we have ever had in the States.We recommend this hotel to anyone - well placed as it is, only 2 blocks from the White House and not far from the shopping area.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Some people don't know they're born .... You can't complain about this hotel. For location, cost, quality and service it was a great hotel (no hotel deserves excellent).Location - 2 minutes walk from McPherson Square Metro, National Airport is 20 minutes away. The White House is 5 minutes walk, Washington Monument a brisk 15 minutes. Ok - the area is not flush with restaurants but the Metro makes any only 30 minutes away.Cost - we got charged a flat $175 for 5 nights in a superior double (2 queens) when the 3rd, 4th and 5th should have been racked upto $275. Bar food is reasonably priced as is bar food - but who eats in Hotel restaurants ??Quality - Great room, great beds - no view (in our room) but who cares you don't stay in your room to look at the view from your room ?!?. Boutique-style but not pretentious.Service - couldn't fault what we used of it. Front desk were efficient and courteous, Concierge knowledgable and quick to help out reserving restaurants and making suggestions for lunch on Thanksgiving), Door-men very friendly.Tips - walk to places (Capitol is a great 40 minute stroll) get the Metro back - it's all very safe. Ebbit Grill is great value for money. Don't bother with Georgia Brown's - way over-priced unless your going to eat all Sunday and not do anything else. We found Georgetown over-rated - Just like Marlow, Bucks. (England) and Manchester (England) rolled into one (probably a novelty for U.S. citizens. The Deli round the corner (Loeb's ???) is good for breakfast. Brunch at the Market Lunch (Eastern Market) is a must). Anyway find out yourself but don't go complaining.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>WhiteTara
<Content>The Friendly French Hotel in D.C. I've been looking for the perfect hotel in Washington for a long time now as it is my favorite getaway from NYC for a weekend city. The hotels there, geared to businessmen, lobbyists, and politicians have always failed to warm my single woman, museum-goer heart. But the Sofitel has finally satisfied this fond wish. EVERYONE was friendly. EVERYONE treated me well, better than well, and made me feel I had a home away from home. I found the room spacious, quiet (a request seldom honored in other hotels, I was given a room far from the ice machine and elevators and family rooms), clean, aesthetically pleasing in a zen-like way and with a most comfortable bed. The bathroom was large, well-arranged, and had all the amenities needed. Location, just fine for the tourist in me. Any complaints? NONE. Any suggestions? On the weekend offer the complimentary coffee a little later than 10AM... we vacationers sometimes sleep in. Any comments? Thanks!  
<Date>Nov 18, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>For business more than pleasure We stayed for two nights in a suite for a getaway week-end. Around 375 $ per night. Lovely suite, with separate bedroom, but there is no interesting views. And the suite was not large, although well appointed. The staff is definitely a plus. They are all very nice and helpful. We loved the breakfast in the restaurant. For 16 $ each or so, it was well worth it. Freshly squeezed orange juice (will refill), excellent coffee and delicious french toasts and waffles.We had dinner in our suite: also very good (creamy pasta), but pricey (and how can they suggest additionnal tip on the bill when they add a 18 % gratuity on overpriced food ???)Overall, if you are looking for an outstanding week-end, it might not be the right place. It is kind of beige. The room is comfortable but beige. The common areas are new and clean but beige. The location is perfect though, but there are tons of hotels in that area anyway.This Sofitel is probably a smart choice if you are in town for business, but if you are there for pleasure and are looking for incredible memories, you might be disappointed. It lacks that little something that makes getaway week-ends memorable.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lalagirl22
<Content>Slice of heaven for a weary traveler I stayed at the Sofitel for one night of a hectic business trip. I was upgraded to a larger room upon arrival. The bedding and shower were amazing. The hotel offered several bonuses for business travelers- direct dial phone number and they did not charge for my incoming faxes. I have stayed at several other D.C.-area hotels and the Sofitel was the best thus far. I will stay again.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>FlyOneWorld
<Content>Good but Not Great The Sofitel has pluses and minuses:Pluses:1. Location: Close to subway and attractions.2. Rooms: Are small but new, well appointed, have great beds, and have good bathroom separate shower and small tub.3. Quiet: My room was quiet.4. Bar: The bar is lively and popular.5. Bell staff: Make the stay better and are friendly, remember your name.Minuses:1. Housekeeping: Other guests in my party had no toiletries. My tub was not cleaned during a 5 day stay. Sometimes housekeeping showed up after 5pm. Cleaning was spotty.2. Breakfast: 2 OJ's, 2 coffees, 2 granolas = $60 they added an insulting 18% tip for ok service. Try Starbucks or the diner down the street.3. Deluxe Room: I booked one but never got one as I asked for non-smoking.4. Smoking: Non smoking requests are not guaranteed. The smoking room I walked into smelt like an ashtray.I recommend this hotel for convenience, location and the bar. It is not 5 star but why should anyone in there right mind pay $503 at Ritz Downtown, $585 at the Ritz Gtown, or $600 of the Four Seasons. The Sofitel runs about $215-300 and for DC has value, with a few flaws.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2005
<Rating>3	4	5	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>If your going to the National Mall.... If your going to DC to see the monuments and museums they are all found in an area called the national mall. This hotel was the best price ($175/night) I could find in the national mall area. Initially I didn't really care much about the hotel I just paid for the location, so you can imagine my suprise when I found it to be so nice. I agree with some of the other posts the lobby and rooms are not huge but they are well arranged and excellenty appointed. The rooms are contemporary styled with wood, metals and warm tones and the service is great. Most of the people I met working here were foreigners and that might be why. Beds are soft with down comforters. The bathrooms have seperate stand up showers and bath tubs. We had a pretty good view of the street below nothing to write home about. The windows were very well soundproofed though, I coudnt hear any traffic etc...The only negatives I can think of is the room service / food is very pricey, I paid about $40 for a small pizza, an onion soup and a couple sprites. They get you with a room service fee, a delivery fee and gratuities. Not to mention the food wasn't that good. With that said I WILL STILL return here, the location can't be beat for the price and there are plenty of places to eat nearby that cost far less. The Old Ebbit Grill (two blocks from hotel next to the white house) is great for breakfast, tough to get a table at night though. Best place we found for dinner was McCormick  Schmicks(16  K Street), AMAZING oysters and great lobster(expensive), was $100+ at the end of the night.We bought the Old Town Trolley tickets from the concierge ($28/each) which is a good way to get situated on your first day. They take you around on a narated trolley tour and you can get on and off at the different stops of interest.All in all the best place your going to find in DC for less than $200/night. You only need about three days in DC then I reccomend another day or so in Georgetown, totally different atmosphere. We stayed at the Hotel Monticello which was great.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Asathor8
<Content>Good location, Friendly Staff I usually stay at the JW Marriott down the street but was referred to the Sofitel as the JW was sold out. Great location. The lobby staff are very friendly, and most of them are patient enough to listen while I was trying to practice my very ltd French. The french restaurant is a little bit out of my price range, but the food was such a treat! Rooms are about the right size, clean and stylish. I will try to stay at the Sofitel again for my future visits to DC!  
<Date>Oct 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very posh home away from home I have stayed at this hotel several times this past year. I cannot say enough about the service at this hotel. From the bellman to the concierge to the front desk staff, everyone went out of their way to make me comfortable. The concierge has excellent restaurant suggestions and can get great reservations that I could not get on my own. Le Bar, the hotel's chic bar, has a pleasant atmosphere and very friendly, competent staff. This french themed hotel is in a prime location downtown, near the metro, convenient to the Capitol and all of the tourist attractions.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cerveza_dude
<Content>Great Hotel  Just spent a weekend in DC celebrating my wife's birthday (Oct 7-9). Stayed at the Sofitel after some research of this and other travel sites. The location was absolutely perfect for us. Only a short block to the McPherson Square metro station made for handy trips to various parts of the city. Our room was perfect and the bed amazingly comfortable. The staff was always there when needed, and offered umbrellas for our excursions whenever it was raining, printed boarding passes for return flights, etc....all the little extras you'd hope they would do. I'd hope for a little better rate next time, but our trip was on fairly short notice and their rates were comparable or better than similar properties that still had availability. Great service, great location, great trip.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>rfc_traveler
<Content>Great experience Just like the Sofitel Water Tower in Chicago, this is truly a great hotel. Sofitel has the design of these rooms down pat (hence the similarly spectacular reviews of its hotels in Chicago and New York). The rooms are not especially large but they are extremely well done. The marble bathrooms have separate tubs and showers accompanied by good lighting and high-quality amenities. The feather beds are very comfortable. The climate control systems are intuitive and work well. This hotel is also well located in D.C., close to the White House and the other major attractions. Though pricey, I would highly recommend this hotel particularly if you can find a good deal (under $200).  
<Date>Sep 9, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jycnyc7
<Content>Good hotel, great staff! My family and I recently stayed at the Sofitel in D.C. We booked a deluxe room for $249/night -- wasn't able to find the $150 rate that other reviewers mentioned getting. Still, I booked the room because of the rave reviews on this site. I ended up being somewhat disappointed, although it may have been a function of the rate. If we had the lower rate, I probably would have been happier. At the higher rate, I expected more. The room was on the smallish size -- it had a king-size bed, two nightstands, a medium-sized TV and stand, upholstered chair and ottoman, and a desk and chair. The furniture pretty much filled up the room. The decor was modern, but nothing to write home about. The bathroom was nice -- separate tub and shower, long vanity, toilet set apart by a short wall. The lobby was on the small side. There weren't many lounging areas although there was a lounge that doubled as a bar. I didn't feel comfortable having my toddler running around in the small lobby or the lounge/bar. The neighborhood was pretty dull, I thought. We stayed there over a weekend, so there wasn't much going on in the immediate neighborhood. We ended up switching to another hotel in the Georgetown area for the next night since we wanted to be in a more interesting neighborhood. I have to commend the staff, though. Completely helpful, friendly, and professional. They went above and beyond the call of duty, particularly the concierge, Willy. So, basically, I would definitely recommend this hotel if you're traveling on business and someone else is paying the bill. If you're traveling for fun and/or if you are traveling with young children, this isn't necessarily the place I would recommend (unless you're able to get a good rate).  
<Date>Sep 9, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JRO
<Content>Another truly satisfied guest I stayed with Sofitel August 11- 14 and I highly recommend this establishment. What everyone has said is more than true. The service is impeccable, the staff friendly and professional, and the facilities could not have been better appointed (and very clean). A lovely touch is the Roger and Gallet toilettries - very nice! It's true that the staff seems to know who is a guest in their hotel by face; on more than once I was greeted by name and always with genuine courtesy. I had a noisy door upon check in (it rattled in the jamb whenever someone opened a door in the hallway), reported the problem to the front desk, and it was rectified immediately. This hotel is quiet and sleeping in those phenominal beds was never a problem - love the linens and pillows! I cannot comment on the conciege as I didn't require their services on this trip. I found the hotel's location to be quite handy as it is literally around the corner from the McPherson Square Metro. If you don't have to travel too far outside of the District, you do not need a rental car. The Metro is clean, safe, conveniently located, and inexpensive, and has remained so for the 20 years I have been familiar with it - a model of what rapid transit should be everywhere. As a female traveling alone, I never felt unsafe or threatened in any way - and I went everywhere, even out for dinner in a different part of the city each evening, returning to the hotel after 11:00 each night. Sofitel has complimentary coffee/tea in the bar each morning - the coffee is exceptional. (If you have a Starbucks fixation, there is one 1/2 block down the street.) There is a complimentary work station for quickies - checking email or online airline check-in, etc. I cannot say enough positive things about my experience here and will definitely stay with Sofitel again, especially in DC.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Grommit7
<Content>My New Favorite Hotel I am a very particular traveler. The Sofitel did not disappoint. The room was beautiful and the service was excellent. I experienced room service on two occasions (dinner and breakfast) and was equally pleased with both meals. The real appeal of this hotel is the attention to detail-everything just works together including service, decor and amenities. I would highly recommend this hotel and will plan to stay here on any trip to Washington, DC.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Sofitel My husband and I loved our stay at the Sofitel! We went for a weekend getaway. Upon arrival, our car was taken to valet (seemed expensive but comparable to other places, and worth not having to drive around and find a spot). The room was clean (and I am very picky) and had a nice bathroom and beautiful furniture. Very close to major D.C. attractions.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Champ
<Content>WOW I have stayed at a lot of hotels thru my travels over the years and I must say this one here, SOFITEL, is #2 on the DC popular index for a legitimate reason. Having not yet stayed at the #1 hotel, I must say this is my #1 hotel of choice in the area. Simple modern decor, seperate bath tub, glass shower stall, better than heavenly bed.....MY GOODNESS. I did'nt want to leave (heavy solid drapes kept the daylight out.....) and I am a outdoors person. 3p late check out, large room and bathroom, I could go on and on. This was my birthday weekend and my girlfriend could not have picked a better place for us. She got a reat rate of $145, well worth it.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lightsleeper1
<Content>excellent Visited DC in June 2005.Sofitel hotels are always great.This one was wonderful. Huge bathroom, comfortable bed, in-room internet available, everything you could ever want.Staff, especially bellmen and valet were extremely kind, helpful, attentive, nice.Very convenient location to see White House and some local attractions.Long walk to Capitol and Smithsonian, use taxis or metro.Not a ton of restaurants nearby, but the hotel has good but pricey restaurant. Don't miss their amazing cheese/fruit plate and also fried wontons.Hotel parking is expensive, you really don't need a car in DC to see everything, just use taxis and it's ultimately cheaper than renting a car and paying for parking. Hotel is luxurious and peaceful and relaxing. Yes, it's expensive, but SO worth it if you're spending the day walking in the humid heat amid the stinky tourists and musty museums.Highly recommend new Air  Space Museum Udvar-Hazy Facility, take Smithsonian shuttle bus or drive there.Also recommend restaurants Ten Penh, Perry's, and the Left Bank.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrible Service Mu husband, daughter and I stayed here for one night. We had a reservation and were told check in was at 3pm. Arrived at 3:30 and were told the room wasn't ready due to late check outs that day. Returned at 5:30 and were told the room still wasn't ready! Night manager told us it would be 20 more minutes! I told him this was not acceptable since we had dinner reservations at 6pm and needed to get ready. He upgraded us to a suite that was available. Manager told us we would have turndown service later in the evening and sofa would be made up for us. Although the suite was very nice, my husband volunteered to sleep on the sofabed but its just not the same as sleeping in a bed! Our reservation was for a room with 2 double beds.When we returned at 11pm, housekeeping had not been to our room, so there were no sheets for the sofabed. We called the front desk and housekeeping, and there was no answer at either place. We tried again 20 minutes later, and housekeeping brought us some sheets. When we checked out, I told the front desk of this problem and they went to talk to the manager. He returned to say that they were deeply sorry. No compensation was offered. It's just unacceptable when you have a reservation for your room not to be available 2hrs after check in time. They tried to compensate for one problem but didnt even offer a credit or other compensation for the further poor service we received.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2005
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

<Author>sctrojan1
<Content>A Wonderful Hotel! A great place to stay just like everybody said before me. From the moment we arrived by taxi our luggage was taken care of by the staff. The doormen really make you feel special as they always greet you with a smile morning, noon and night.The room was nicely decorated with a super sof feather bed and super soft pillows. I really enjoyed the decor of the room especially the cool light fixtures.The bathroom was even better. Marble everywhere with a nice shower head. Even the bathroom toiletries smelled so good (Roger  Gallet, Paris) The orchids and candle were a nice touch.Housekeeping kept the room super clean and they offer turndown service which we skipped on.The hotel is in a great location. Like others said, it is a block away from the McPherson Square Metro so you can easily catch the metro to anywhere in the city. Two blocks from the White House which has plenty of security around, so we always felt safe walking late at night.What we also liked was that we always stayed out late, and for late night dinner there is Old Ebbit Grill right on 15th. There are always plenty of people there, and they even serve half price oysters, clams, shrimp after 11pm (not sure if every day though). There are also some food places one block over on 14th like Quiznos and more food places at the Shops at National Place. Lastly, Cafe 15 in the hotel provided a quiet meal with excellent food. Some of the best food I have ever had from appetizer to dessert. It was a memorable dinner with nice ambience and of course great service.We spent 5 nights at this hotel and I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect Stayed here from July 2-4. Everything about this hotel was great. The location is perfect as it is two blocks from the White House, and 1 block from a subway station that will take you anywhere in the city. The rooms were ideal. The bed was more comfortable or at least as comfortable as the Westin Heavenly beds. The bathroon was great with a separate shower and bathtub. Nice phone in bathroom. The staff was friendly and helpful. We were greeted every time we exited and entered the hotel.The hotel bar was a nice place for a drink after a day of sightseeing. The chairs are so comfortable.I would definitely stay here again. We booked directly through the hotel website for $125 a night (had to prepay, but worth it).Also recommend The Old Ebbitt Grill - about two blocks south of the hotel on 15th St for excellent food.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Hotel Ever! Following the advice and recommendations of many here we booked a room at the Sofitel to stay over on July 4th. The hotel is in easy walking distance to the mall, Smithsonian, etc. Everything worked out perfectly, from the time the valet parking took our van to holding our luggage early before checking so we could see the 4th parade. Everyone there was super friendly and helpful. The room was awesome, and we loved the bed - my wife said it was the best sleep she's ever had.If the hotel was just good, we wouldn't have bothered to write a review, however our stay there lived up to every expectation we had and more. Next year we are coming back for the 4th festivities in DC and staying here again.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>glorydaz
<Content>Sofitel is Stupendous!       Deluxe King room 614  
<Date>Jul 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Renierk
<Content>Super Sofitel The Sofitel Lafayette Square is my new favorite hotel in D.C. after three delightful stays here in the last 6 months. Superb location, outstanding staff, comfortable rooms, good food and je ne sais quoi make it wonderful for business and personal visits. The welcome is always warm, but not intrusive; staff seem attuned to individual needs and respond rapidly to special requests. For example, the beds feature a feather top and a heavy duvet, which is too warm for me. Housekeeping delivered a top sheet and offered to remake my bed within minutes. Room service delayed my promised late dinner order by 3 minutes to ensure I had freshly cooked pommes frites, a welcome treat after summer thunderstorms delayed my arriving flight. The bellhop actually asks if you want to keep your bag or have it delivered, rather than spiriting away with it for 20 minutes as is done at some hotels.The rooms are modern and comfortable with simple but gracious furnishings. Wood paneling above the bed, a glass-topped work desk, and marble vanity are a few examples. The air conditioning works well and is quiet; there are separate controls for each room in the suites. Easy-to-use high speed internet access in the rooms is $9.95 per day. From the Sofitel, one can readily access most of the major D.C. sights on foot or through the Metro, an easy 3 block walk to the blue, orange and red lines. A few blocks past the White House and Ellipse, the Mall and Tidal Basin unfold for runners. This is a special treat in April when the cherry blossoms are out, but go early to avoid crowds or take it in as a leisurely afternoon jog. The hotel also has a basic but well maintained exercise room with several treadmills, bicycles and weight machines. Generally, I'm not a fan of hotel restaurants. However, during my most recent visit, Cafe 15 had an advisory Michelin 3 Star chef visiting from the Alsace, who offered a tasting menu for $59 and matched wines for an additional $20, a bargain for any star collector. As anticipated, the food was stellar. And once again, the staff really made the experience sparkle through attentive but not hurried service. Along with several other parties, I was enjoying al fresco dining when a thunderstorm struck. All of us were escorted inside under umbrellas and seating was found despite the restaurant being heavily booked. The kitchen remade main plates for a couple who were halfway through theirs before the rain without being asked. It's experiences like this--not once, not twice, but as a matter of course--that make me a Sofitel devotee.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A little like the Champs Elysee You wouldn't know that the operators of this hotel also run the Motel 6 chain. This is a French owned and operated component of the Accor chain. European and Asian travelers will be familiar with this and other brands.The hotel is quite absorbing with competent service. The morning coffee bar beside the lobby, provides a comfortable rendezvous point before your early business start. If you're on holiday, it's a 5-minute walk to the White House! Need the Metrorail or bus? It's right there, too!Depending on your room, you may not get a view. And the faucets for the bath water work in reverse for determining hot/cold. But the turndown service might provide a few surprises. I got a very large shoe horn. And the bath items displayed a strong French influence.There are also health club and sport facilities. But no coffee in the room! Like I said, shower and head down to the lobby early! If you like southern cuisine, Georgia Brown's is 2 blocks away.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Nicagirl
<Content>Magnifique! My husband, 1 year old son, and I stayed at this hotel for Memorial Day Weekend. We loved it. The location is GREAT - only 2 blocks from the White House. The room was very comfortable and clean. The decor is simplistic and classy. The bed is VERY comfortable - you don't want to get out of it. The Roger  Gallet bathroom amenities are a real treat and housekeeping replenishes them everyday. The complimentary Evian bottle placed in our room everyday was also nice touch.We did not try the restaurants or bar at the hotel, however, the bar appears to be pretty popular. We did order breakfast room service everyday. The price for room service was a bit expensive but what can you expect IT'S ROOM SERVICE. For example it cost $14(not including the 25% tax) for a continental breakfast which consisted of 3 pieces of bread and coffee.The only downside of our room was the view it had. We had a view of another building. However that is probably why we received such a good deal on the room - 1st night $279, 2nd and 3rd nights $179.As to eating around the hotel - We recommend eating at the Old Ebbitt Grille, the prices are very reasonable and the food and service is very good. We DO NOT recommend eating at Olives - They do not have any high chairs for young children, the service is bad and the food is mediocre. Not worth the $200 we paid for the three of us.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>OCD1
<Content>A few snafoos My boyfriend and I stayed at this spotless hotel earlier this month. If clean is what you want (and it is definitely top 3 for me), you won't be disappointed. Even the top shelves in the amoire were spotless--love that. Nice size rooms. Great simple decor. Now the service is another matter. Yes they are a French hotel chain and I guess the staff are told to incorporate certain French terms into their conversations, but I was tired of them calling Monsieur (I do not, in any shape, sound or form, resemble a male). AND BEWARE when checking your car--they misplaced my boyfriend's car keys (the valet apparently took them home with him...hmmmmm.) Luckily they located them within a few hours, but no, the staff, including the management, are not the sharpest minds.That being said, if touring the city is what you want, you really cannot beat the location (around the corner from a metro, a block away from the White House, clean and safe area of town, walkable to the Mall and all the monuments).  
<Date>Jun 5, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>MorganB
<Content>excellent 8 night stay               More photos  
<Date>Jun 4, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>blue_highways
<Content>Very nice hotel The Sofitel is a very nice hotel - It is centrally located about a block and a half from the White House. The hotel is very tastefully decorated...the place is really kind of hip without being over the top. My bed was very comfortable and the room was quiet. The staff is friendly and attentive - upon arriving from a morning run on the mall, I was given a bottle of water and a towel.I will definitely seek out the Sofitel the next time I'm in Washington.  
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Style, class, and service! After scouring the web looking for a hotel to stay for the weekend in DC, my girlfriend and I found Sofitel Lafayette Square. This place is refined class. The service was outstanding, professional and eager to help, whether checking in, finding good restaurants, special requests, etc. The rooms are beautifully and tastefully decorated. I loved the genuine down comforter and pillows on the king sized bed. Unqualified recommendation for this hotel.  
<Date>May 23, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jah123
<Content>Good hotel and great value I have stayed at the Sofitel about 6 times in the past year. I often stay in DC for the night prior to a meeting. Thus, I am in the hotel for only part of one day. Given the prices charged I find the Sofitel to be my first choice. The rooms are very comfortable and the restuarant in the hotel or in the neighberhood (e.g. DC Coast or Gerards) are outstanding. Other hotels in Sofitel's class are usually over $200 more expensive during the week. Thus, unless you must have an early morning swim, I highly recommend this hotel. The exercise room is adequate and the neighberhood is very convenienbt for a walk to your next morning's meeting.  
<Date>May 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Thirtysomething
<Content>Great Hotel! Just wanted to mention that this is a wonderful hotel. The rooms are beautiful and clean, my husband wanted to take the bed home with us because it was so comfortable! The service is also great, very attentive staff! The location is super convenient. Close to the mall and The Whitehouse.  
<Date>May 7, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lindoor
<Content>super service This hotel exceded my expectations. Super smoth check in. Every employee was very helpful. The room had a separate shower and bath. Great soap and shampoo. Large fluffy towels. The bed was very comfortable. Excellent free coffee in the morning. Location was perfect and close to many restaurants and shops. Can't wait to go back.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>warthog
<Content>Always my first choice I work at a firm down the street from the Sofitel, and use it as a home away from home during busy periods. I've spent the better part of 30 nights there in the past 18 months. Short summary: I love the place, and always look foward to staying there (even if I'm there because it means I'm too busy at the office to go home at the end of the day).The rooms consistently have the best beds I have encountered anywhere, with heavy down duvets and many down pillows (I will admit the Heavenly brand beds found at high-end Westin properties come in a very close second). Built-in individual halogen reading lamps in the headboard over each side of the bed are a nice touch.Standard rooms are a bit on the small side by U.S. standards, but should be very comfortable for European travellers and those used to hotels in older buildings in big cities. Even a one tier upgrade, to their deluxe rooms, can make a tremendous difference in size, particularly in rooms that face H street (great soundproofing in all rooms, btw. Never hear road noise, even during rushhour on low floors). The rooms are uniformly clean, both upon arrival and at the end of each day. Adequate storage space for clothes for stays up to about a week; much more than that and you may end up keeping some things in your suitcases. Cleaning staff is good about straightening up personal items left in the room, without leaving you with a feeling that someone has gone through your things.The bathrooms make the place, with everything you would need already provided, and great water pressure. They also scent the rooms with something. It is a smell that to this day I cannot identify, but that I associate with soothing feelings even in times of great stress. High speed internet access is good, but expensive - as are the contents of the Minibar. Rooms always seem to have a good work desk and lots of lighting. Staff is excellent, and very responsive, even if there are too many French accents about for my taste.Food in the restaraunt is uniformly good, but uniformly expensive - I rarely ate there when I could not expense it. This is not a problem, as there are a number of good options close by: directly across the street is world-class steak at Bobby Van's (Not cheap either, but i'd put the porterhouse for 2 against Peter Lugar's in NYC). As another user mentioned, Georgia Brown's is 2 blocks away, and a D.C. favorite (Not cheap either, but less than the hotel). The deli at the end of the block (15th and I) is also a great lunch option, as is the Corner Bakery one block further up 15th. If you can get reservations (or are willing to wait for a table / eat at the bar), the Old Ebbitt Grill at the corner of 15th and G is slightly less expensive and not to be missed. For breakfast, there are literally five Starbucks locations within three blocks of the hotel.All told, there are better hotels in the world that this Sofitel, but they are few, far between, and generally much more expensive. No there is not a pool, and no, you don't have a view of the White House (2 blocks away), but for what you actually use a hotel for - the bed, the bath, and a central location, you simply can't go wrong with this one if it is within your price range.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jenaye
<Content>great location, nice hotel, good value Recently stayed at the DC Sofitel in February 2005. We were planning a grown up weekend away and wanted to stay in a nicer hotel, but didn't really want to be in the Georgetown area. We looked at the Four Season and Ritz, room rates started at $300 for the Ritz and $400 for the Four Season and both were down in Georgetown. We were planning to do the touristy stuff around the Mall so we picked the Sofitel. We paid $239 and that was a 2 level upgrade. I don't really know what that got us other than an outside room. Their website doesn't give a lot of room info, at least as far as descriptions of the various room catagories. I really liked the hotel, the location is great, for warmer weather, it's well within walking distance to all the museums. We left our car with valet, which was quick and courteous as was all the staff at the hotel, bellman, check-in, room service. We always were acknowledged upon departure or return. I thought in comparison to what alot of the hotels in DC run, this was a reasonable rate for a nicer hotel. I can't imagine that the room at the Ritz would have been any nicer for close to $100 more. Really nice down comforter, comfy pillows, a little contemporary in style, separate tub and marble shower, nice toiletries. I was very pleased. I would recommend, especially if you want to be in more of the Downtown area.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent. Period. I love Sofitels. I've always had good experience in them. This one, I can say, is much better than the Sofitel NY. I stayed at the Lafayette Sofitel in July 2004. Rooms are significantly larger than the NY counterpart. Maintenance and upkeep is better. Access to transportation and subway is good (around 2 blocks away). Service is courteous and excellent. Room decor is typical North American Sofitel. Muted colors with contemporary art. Standard marble bathroom. Only minor complaint, was that on the first day, the bedsheets didn't exactly smell fresh - it smelled slightly moldy. A quick call down to room service rectified the problem. Would highly recommend.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>perfect service Stayed for 3 nights at the sofitel - service and location were exceptional the rooms were fantastic and couldn't have wanted better   
<Date>Feb 8, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely loved the Sofitel I stayed at the Sofitel for a job interview while in DC. I loved the hotel and its location. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone. I really enjoyed the fact that all of the staff spoke French (as well as English). If I go back to DC I plan on staying here again. :)  
<Date>Jan 25, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lawahoo2001
<Content>Great service Stayed two nights here. The service was excellent all around (from the doorman to the concierge). The room was very nicely appointed (modern decor, marble bathroom) and fairly large. I requested a quiet room, which they gave me (one at the end of hall). I requested a non-smoking room. I was on a floor labeled non-smoking, but it still smelled like a smoking floor in the hallway and in the room. It wasn't too bad, though. Not the most posh hotel to stay in D.C., but definitely a very nice and swanky one.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Incredible Service I had the pleasure of staying at the Sofitel in DC during New Years. It was a good and pleasant experience, indeed because of the staff. The staff, is beyond and above the call of duty, they make you feel very welcomed. I stayed on the 10th floor, on the corner and had 鈥渙kay鈥?views of the streets along 15th. The windows do not open, and being a smoker, can be a fogging experience. The bathrooms were elegant, the bathtub is comfortable, but shallow, the shower is separate, and of course the robe and slippers were what I needed after a hard night on the town, New Years Eve. There is a glass shelf which runs beneath the mirror in the bathroom , and when washing ones face, be careful to not bang your head when raising back up, it was rather painful. I was disappointed that there was no coffee maker in the room, I live on coffee, and it was room service, and not cheap. There is a Starbucks across the street. The mini bar is not cheap either. 3 dollars for a coke, was the cheapest item on the menu. To rent a movie, family, comedy, or adult is 15.17 cents with tax. Valet Parking is 26 dollars a day. There is also a garage tax of 3.12 added to this. My coke from the mini bar was 3 dollars plus a .30 cents tax. In a hotel of the caliber, you will not find vending machines, nor was there a lobby shop of any kind鈥o pack some snacks. In the Le Bar one night, I had the salmon, a garden salad, one glass of wine (10.00) and before tip and tax the total was 47 dollars. It was a great meal, I enjoyed very much, but I did leave hungry. Again, the staff was beautiful, friendly, and warm. I have no complaints with this hotel. The rooms were very comfortable, the bedding lovely. If you love beautiful old hotels, if you can stay out of the mini bar, don鈥檛 rent a movie, and eat else where, do without a coffee pot in the room or windows that open , you have a great place to stay, in a great location, and again, a staff above and beyond the call.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Only if you're very rich or on an expense account I stayed here a couple of times for about $350 a night, fortunately on an expense account. For that price, I got a hotel with no pool, a mediocre gym, and a room with no view of anything (just a depressed roof surrounded by higher buildings). Not only that, the Internet access was $17 a day. I went to breakfast in the hotel and ordered a fruit plate (the cheapest thing on the menu), a cup of coffee, and an orange juice, and that was $27 including tip. Fortunately there's a deli on the block. Parking was $26 a day. They also charged me a $1 a call for calls to my *calling card.*My recommendation -- stay at the Embassy Suites near Dupont Circle, which is cheaper, gives you a bigger room, free calling-card calls, free internet access, a pool, and a free breakfast.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>atravellerboston
<Content>Wonderful hotel Sofitel is a wonderful hotel and we had a great stay. We booked the hotel one day before our arrival at D.C on a Saturday for $149/night. The hotel鈥榮 location is great, 10 minutes taxi ride from DCA and walking distance to all the major attractions. The room is very nice and clean. Even though the bathtub is not a deep soaking tub but the marble bathroom overall is great. The concierge recommended a wonderful restaurant called Georgia Brown that is only about 1.5 blocks away from the hotel. The southern style food is delicious and you can tell it is definitely popular with locals (the place is still packed after 11).( The brunch in Les Halles is also great! definitely recommend). And the next day when we tried to tip the bellman for taking our luggage when we were leaving, he graciously declined. I鈥檝e never met a hotel staff that will decline a tip before, especially when he鈥檚 been very cordial and helpful all the time. For some reason I鈥檓 very impressed by that. It makes me feel that they truly care for their guests, not just care for the guests because of the tip. I can鈥檛 say if it is the hotel general practice or just the act of the bellman himself, but it makes the stay in Sofitel an even better experience.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great value and great location.   showReview(2814082, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TiredTraveler
<Content>Fantasic stay   showReview(2803878, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Zaphod
<Content>Great Downtown Value   showReview(2694148, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>xc
<Content>A well run hotel   showReview(2516035, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 6, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>One of the best!   showReview(2510787, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kamerajanel
<Content>Business trip   showReview(2283396, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 8, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>kel110661
<Content>Love the Sofitel Lafayette-Top Notch Staff   showReview(2283218, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ddepicciotto
<Content>Very good upscale hotel   showReview(1765498, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lcndallas
<Content>Sofitel is Tres Bien!   showReview(1736472, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Service and accommodations   showReview(1489392, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 16, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>yamagami
<Content>銈点兗銉撱偣銇屻亶銈忋倎銇︺倛銇忔瑺鐐广伄銇亜銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(19218215, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sehr empfehlenswert in jeder Hinsicht   showReview(15573288, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder, direkt neben dem Wei脽en Haus   showReview(13192963, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Erstklassiges Hotel zentral gelegen   showReview(11657129, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>buonissima impressione   showReview(11657128, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TJ_HH
<Content>Sofitel Lafayette Square = klasse!       Badezimmer im Superior-Zimmer im Sofitel Lafayette Square, Washington DC  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sch枚nes Hotel in toller Lage   showReview(11404251, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ADDLille-France
<Content>Excellent   showReview(6548504, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>2 Blocks vom Weissen Haus   showReview(11365583, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

