<Author>Keagriver
<Content>Boutique hotel in a terrific location Despite its funny name, the Kapok is a sophisticated hotel whose interesting design doesn't sacrifice on comfort. You can see the Forbidden city from its top floors (the East Gate is a block away) and it's very close to the Wangfujing shopping street. It was a great place to decompress and orient ourselves to Beijing after the long journey from the States.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lozkixass
<Content>Good location, nice hotel, under renovation however... First thing first you must take the address in Chinese as no-one knows the hotel, there are many many hotels in Beijing and with this being a new one they dont know it, I left my chinese address at home so we had fun finding it, should cost about 100CYN in a taxi (10GBP) HOTEL OVERALL: The hotel has a nice reception area, some staff speak good english some you can barely speak to, it depends who is working, concierge always lovely and helpful. Unfortunately the hotel was undergoing some renovation work which we were not informed about when we booked so 8am-8pm each day there was a lot of noise and banging, not a major problem for us as we were always out but we feel the should have told us. Layout is minimal, pleasant and clean. library area is nice but was closed cos of work, real shame. ROOM; Very well designed, again clean minimal lots of fgreebies, slippers, comb, tothbrusah kit, shoeshine etc etc and robes but a lot smaller than it looked on the website. Nice big bed, was quite hard but i like it this way. Glass cube bathroom, so you need to be sharing with someone you are comfortable with, there is a curtain, but you can hear every drop so you can get stage fright! overall very nice.LOCATION; Great, literally a stones throw from one entrance to the forbidden city and 4 mins walk to Wafujing street (shops, rests etc.)  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	3	3	2	

<Author>calvinchan100
<Content>Good location by the forbidden city Location close to forbidden city, only 10 mins walk. Nice local food around the neighbohood. Stay during nov2008, the library area under renovation ...noise during daytime. Compliant to the front desk and was then upgraded to higher floor to a mini suite. Excellent. Make sure to bring the hotel address card with you as many taxi drivers may not know the hotel.Calvin  
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Dolarr
<Content>Absolutely Charming Charming, The staff were so helpful. Even though there were some language barriers - they always found a way around the barrier and managed to help. They always did it in a pleasant manner as wellRoom was very very clean and nice (Courtyard room)Would definately stay here again  
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>philhuff
<Content>The first hotel I've ever stayed in that I couldn't actually fault       A film room / lounge area  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>TheFoodguy
<Content>Overall Very Good       Bedroom  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>AsianPrince
<Content>5 nights stay-superb deal , very close but also very isolated, lousy breakfast I booked the room through Splendia.com for about $112/nts in Last April '08 and it was the cheapest without sacrificing the quality. But there are areas you can definitely will notice it cannot be compared to 5 star hotels.Initially, the night crew tried to check me into a very small cornered room, insisting that is the deluxe. Well, it wasn't and I insisted I couldn't stay there and the pics from my reservation were not the same. All of sudden, although it was fully booked in the hotel, one deluxe room was released and I could check into the better rooms that you can see in the pics other reviewers provided here. But it gave me a wrong idea. There was nothing you can do around that area at night-after 11pm. And, we walked around the little hutong around the Forbidden city wall. That was most memorable 2 hours of walk.Then we had a very late dinner across the hotel. This was a very small eatery where the humble locals hang out after finishing days hard works, The owner was a very handsome guy with great smiles to us, and he chose 4 dishes for two of us. And, it was most delicious meal I had for the entire 2 week stay in China. And, the food only cost us $13 with drinks. Unfortunately I did not know how to pronounce the name but it was next to the mart/convenient store across the hotel and it is open till 3-4am. Well, the location is great, at first, as you can walk easily to Tienanmen Square-20-30min., Yes, it is like walking in Moscow and things are really far stretched out but you could almost sea the east gate to the city wall. Very grand. But, at night, it is frustrating as the bicyclists approach you to trade something all along, or, even the bell boys cannot find taxi and we had to walk to the main street. The street itself is very dark but it is just like anywhere in beiing and I rather like it. There is no threat with the locals and you will feel safe anywhere.The bed was great, and the gas mask in the room was a bit funny. The shower glass booth is the excellent gesture with the curtain surrounds. The view to the outside is a wall and you would not want to peek out as it is a drab neighboring building just across a narrow alley.The breakfast room is still nicely located but I would not even compare it to that of Holiday or Ramada Inn in USA at $10. But, there is no other option around the hotel for the morning really. When we went to Silk Market and other new developmed area with CCTV, I found bigger hotels with Western Scale Boulavards but I thought the choice we made was still good and it was a definitely different experience as we actually stayed on/in the hutong, the old neighbors along the castle walls. That made the Kapok special. But, the taxi driver did not know the name even with the fully printed address in Chinese. So, that is the minus. If you like a good deal, you will be pleasantly surprised with the room decor and its size. And, If you like to hit two great walls locations in one day, hire a taxi driver for a day- $130 +$20 tip including a 1 hour drive over the olympic sites. it took us 12 hours and it was worth it for two.The hotel staff, Zhao Yao and Andy Liu speak decent English and their help outshined the minor incconveniences. They were really helpful., And, they wouldn''t take my tips initially on the check out day. But, in the street, the ordinary Beijing people are not that cool, but they are definitely peaceful and I find them more charming than Shanhai people. I hope they stay the same when i return someday.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lotsahols2
<Content>Great location The Hotel Kapok is in a great location in central Beijing. It is a short walk from the Forbidden City and Tiananmen Square. Further down the road it is in is the city's night food market - complete with deep fried silk worms and crickets. It is also near the Wangfujing shopping area.We paid for the cheapest-rate courtyard room but on arrival were upgraded to a suite. This was fantastic - spacious, huge bath, and included a computer with free internet access.The only niggles are the services. We booked a private trip to the great wall through the hotel's travel booking service, which was very poor. Room service always came with mistakes (the staff answering the phone didn't speak much English). The restaurant's breakfast buffet had a lot of choice but the food wasn't great quality e.g. stale, hard pastries and muffins.But on the whole I would heartily recommend this hotel because of it's great location and nice rooms.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	2	3	

<Author>TravelForFun60
<Content>A hidden treasure       Kapok Hotel Entrance  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jeanmac
<Content>Fantastic Kapok - loved it! We loved the Kapok so much we stayed there 3 times over a 3 week period while coming and going from Beijing! It is in a fabulous location, is modern and funky, has a great bar and restaurants and fantastic staff. Added to this was the excellent price. We'll definitely go back.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>myosotis
<Content>Loved the Kapok!       room  
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>bontheka
<Content>Good hotel, good location, no complaints Booked a 3 night stay in a courtyard room for RMB928 a night including buffet breakfast for 2 through ctrip.com. Upon arrival at the airport, we took a taxi to the hotel, and the bill came to RMB132. I had printed out the hotel address in Mandarin (found it on the internet) for the taxi driver and so there was no confusion on his part as to the location. Check in took about 10-15 minutes although we were the only ones there. Upon walking into our room on the 3rd floor, I had the feeling that we'd been given a cheaper room (the room wasn't prepaid) so I went back to reception and enquired about the different types of courtyard rooms. We were then moved to another room on the 5th floor which had access to a little garden. This room was slightly bigger as well, and I was assured that I needn't pay more for it. The receptionist who dealt with my request for a room change was quite patient and friendly and even helped us move our luggage (not sure where the porter had gone).No complaints about the room. We didn't spend much time in it anyway as we were out sightseeing all day. The buffet breakfast was quite good and my husband and I stuffed ourselves every morning as we normally skip a proper lunch when we're out sightseeing. My husband had bacon, eggs made to order, toast, muffins. Other things on offer - fruits, pastries, noodles, fried rice, stir fried chicken or pork, sausages, cereals, yogurt, etc... We had two young ones with us aged 2 and 4, and since the buffet breakfast was only for 2, I gave them some instant oats in the room before we came down for breakfast, and then gave them a muffin or some banana chips from the breakfast table just to keep them occupied. We were made to sign a bill everyday at breakfast although we told the staff in charge that breakfast was included in our room rate. In the end, we weren't charged extra for it. On the last day, the staff had an additional bill for the children but I told him that I'd only given them some chips as they'd already eaten in their room so he then took the bill away. The proper entrance to the Forbidden City is about a 15 minute walking distance to the hotel but you could get on a bus from the Eastern Gate (which is 5 minute walking distance from the hotel) and transported to the other entrance for 1 yuan per person. The Wangfujing Shopping Street and the Donghuamen Night market are all walking distance from the hotel. On our last night, we stayed at a hutong hotel, the Double Happiness Courtyard Hotel, which was also very nice. If you are a first timer to Beijing and are there for sightseeing, then I would highly recommend the Kapok Hotel simply because it is a good hotel in a very good location.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>caffeinatic
<Content>Nice, clean hotel, very close to Tiananmen and Forbidden City       Bed  
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>SixtyDays
<Content>Avoid the Kapok Hotel!! Terrible customer service! We stayed at the Hotel Kapok in Beijing for 11 nights during the Olympic Games in August 2008 as part of our honeymoon. We had pre-booked the accommodation (a Courtyard room) about 9 months in advance using asiahotels.com/hotelclub.net and had a pre-paid voucher for the entire stay with us.We arrived after a long 15 hour trip and presented the voucher to the front desk manager. After examining the voucher for about 20 minutes due to a lack of English language capabilities we were informed that the hotel would not be honouring the voucher since the rates that we had paid were too cheap since it was the Olympics. Apparently we would be able to stay in the hotel for 2 nights only before needing to move out. We explained that we had pre-paid and booked the accommodation in advance and the fact that the hotel had agreed to the rates then meant that we had a valid contract to stay at the prices we had paid. The front desk manager checked us in for 2 days saying she would try and extend our stay.At this point we contact Hotelclub.net in Australia and requested them to sort out the issue and they said they would follow up on this. Approximately two hours later we receive a call from the front desk saying we will need to move out of the hotel since Government officials had booked all the rooms and we would not be able to stay in the hotel. Again we informed Hotelclub about this. Over the course of the next 2 days we were hassled by the hotel staff to the extent that they sent porters to our door to try and remove our luggage from our room, whilst Hotelclub was very ineffective in resolving the problem. Their resolution consisted of trying to move us to a lower grade hotel which we rejected or to a sister hotel of the Kapok that no one had heard of. Both of these options were not satisfactory to us. As far as we were concerned the issue was between Hotel Kapok and Hotelclub to sort out as regards rates/bookings etc. we had a valid confirmation voucher and were now being evicted from our room.In the end Hotel Kapok managed to find us another room where we could stay which was of a lower standard then we had booked (a regular room vs. a courtyard room) and did not have any windows, only a roof light. Moreover, the bathroom is surrounded by clear glass and unlike the courtyard room which has a curtain to surround the bathroom, our second room did not have this and was clearly meant for single occupancy only. To add insult to injury throughout the time we were there, we did not see a single Government official and the only other occupants we saw were Western tourists. Cleaning staff also confirmed that the rooms were empty and there was no reason for all the problems we had experienced that wasted 2 days of our honeymoon and ruined the start of our Beijing visit.No apologies, explanations etc. have followed from either Hotel Kapok or Hotelclub. In addition, when we were checking out, the front desk staff tried to charge us again for the nights we had stayed at the hotel despite us again presenting the pre-paid hotel voucher. It took another 30 minutes to sort this issue out.Overall, I would recommend avoiding this hotel as the level of customer service is sub-standard considering the rates they charge and I would recommend at staying at one of the well-known brands whilst in Beijing (e.g. The Grand Hyatt, Regent Hotel, Peninsulta etc.) as the locally-owned boutique hotels still have a way to go with regards to their understanding of customers.This is a shame as the hotel has a lot of things going for it: cleanliness, excellent location for shopping on Wangfujing and visiting the main sites in Central Beijing (Forbidden city, Tiananmen square, Temple of Heaven etc.). We are both seasoned travellers and this is the first time that I have really been shocked by the standards of service and respect for customers, and will be following up with the management at both Hotelclub.net and Hotel Kapok to re-iterate our concerns about the treatment we were subjected to.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	5	4	1	1	1	

<Author>Vangoalieboy
<Content>Close to Forbidden City Wow what a modern looking hotel! The outer shell of the building is too 'artisy' for my wife and I but the inside (reception area) is fabulous looking! Very modern and the staff were always very helpful! The room is breathtaking! The all glass washroom is different and took some getting use to but the hardwood floors, firm queensize bed, flat screen TV, high speed internet made this a 4 star hotel with a 2 / 3star price!The daily maid service is outstanding as they gave us 4 bottles of mouth wash, shampoo, plenty of soaps and nice towels!The hotel is located blocks from the famous Wangfujing Road (lots of food and shopping) and you can literally walk straight into the Forbidden City (only several blocks north of this hotel).I recommend trying the nearby Golden Jaguar buffet. It's only 198 RMB per person for lunch and it puts some of the Las Vegas buffets to shame! Also free booze ...yes free Bud beer on tap, white and red wines, ciders, etc. All free with price of admission!If you want a lighter meal, go to the food court at the nearby mall on Wangfujing road! All meals are about $3 CND and are north american sizes!!  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>travel12Uk
<Content>Great Location Ideal location for walking around the city. Modern hotel not sure about the glass bathroom!! We didn't spend any time in the bar as is basically just reception but clean and a good price.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>KimTO
<Content>Perfect for Us!       Fruit Plate upon arrival!  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>tomwex
<Content>Great location, simple hotel Stayed in the hotel Kapok for three days in June 08, and found it to be a great location, with friendly staff, simple, clean rooms and well managed. My room was not that large, and had no view to speak of, but had small patio doors that opened onto a small courtyard garden area (shared with the room next door). Free internet access was a bonus, but the breakfasts were really expensive - not a problem as I ate at street food stalls, and if you want it there are lots of places to eat at the malls on Wangfujing St. a few hundered metres away. The location is brilliant for eating, with a great array of street food available at the night market 200m to the East, and top-notch (and expensive) dining at the Courtyard restaurant 200m to the west.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	3	5	

<Author>bsillon
<Content>Good hotel; great location Modern and Design hotel in the heart of Beijing. 5-10 minutes walk to the forbidden city, 5 minutes walk to shopping area. My room was clean and the service good. Obviously the staff speaks poor english but that's common in China. I would recommend a room on the court side as they are much more quieter. I tried the local tourist agent, and took a tour to the great city. If you don't mind the attempts to forced sales (again common in China), it's a good deal. I will stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	3	4	4	

<Author>kittyphobia
<Content>Great Hotel Stayed here for 3 nights in June. The hotel is in a great location, the Forbidden City is at the end of the road, about 5 minutes walk, Tianamen sq is also very close by as is the shopping area (10 minutes walk).The staff were friendly and helpful, the room (fashion room) was spacious and modern, everything was also very clean. We tried the breakfast for one day, it was a buffet with quite a large variety but at 80rmb it is quite expensive compared with what you can buy outside.Overall the hotel is excellent value for money and I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>mani8kgm
<Content>Unbeatable!       a few rules!  
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>LittleGrasshopper
<Content>Pleasant Hotel in Amazing, Amazing Location       Bathroom sink area.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>3	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>pepper00
<Content>Mysterious but Elegant The exterior of the hotel is a bit mysterious as it seems to be an overlay of a greenish glass lattice over an older concrete structure. The entrance does not look like a hotel entrance but an office entrance. That said, once inside it is quite nice. There is a simple and elegant European flair to the interior design..dark hardwood floors. Single room was smallish but very clean and comfortable. Suite size room was great. Service was very friendly. Lacks a real restaurant or even a functional coffee shop, but as it is near Wangfujing there are many choices nearby. Glad I stayed and would certainly stay again.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Digital_GOldfish
<Content>Shhh, don't tell anyone about this place... I've been very fortunate over the years to stay in a lot of very nice hotels with work, all over the world. This time it was my own money. However, I can honestly say that this is one of the nicest hotels i've ever stayed in. It's very very rare that i'm sad enough to take photos of my hotel room, but i was blown away at how cool it was. Very modern design, glass throughout, and a glass bathroom. Everyone that's seen photos has been agog, and these are friends who work in design/media and are used to 'trendy'..Plus, it's close to Wangfujing, and close to the forbidden city and Tiann'men square.There's free wifi in the lobby, the food is excellent, the staff very friendly. I was beaming for most of my stay there... The best thing is i paid 拢53 a night for a courtyard room..For the quality of the hotel, i'd pay 拢100 happily... I overheard a number of other guests raving about it as well.. Very very pleased indeed!  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>goingshopping
<Content>This place doesn't compare with the Park Plaza Last year we stayed at the Park Plaza down the road (note there are 2 Park Plazas in Beijing) and unfortunately this year we booked late and the Park Plaza was full. We tried Hotel Kapok but it compares badly. We booked the fashion suite and while it looks pretty - the shower had holes in the silicon around the base and it leaked all over the floor, they offered a kettle in the room but you needed to pay if you wanted to have tea or instant coffee satchels to use with the boiled water (thank heavens for the all night 7/Eleven type shop in front of the hotel), there was an oil burner in the room but you needed to pay RMB4 for a candle to use it.... They also made a mess with our booking and had only 1 night registered instead of 2 and before they even allowed us to check in and go to our room after a long drive, they made me go to the business centre downstairs and print out my reservation. Overall not impressed with the service and I have seen a lot more stylish hotels. I continue to recommend the Park Plaza in Beijing.  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>nwest_mail
<Content>Great Location, Great Style After getting a great deal on Expedia for a Fashion Suite (US $175) we where so happy to find a hotel that lived up to all the hype. The room was huge, with a great walk in robe and huge bathroom with a very large round bath. As written in most reviews the beds are hard, but after all the walking you will do, you will tend to sleep on anything. The computer in the room was great for looking up travel sites whilst in Beijing and searching for directions to places.The staff are all very friendly and helpful. I probably would not bother with the breakfast as there are so many local places to eat in Beijing for next to nothing. The location of the Kapok is possible the best in Beijing. You can actually walk to the Forbidden Palace as it is only about 300 metres down the road. The main shopping strip of Beijing and the night food markets are also very close by.Overall if you are thinking of booking here I would say do it before word gets out and everyone wants to stay here.  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>JHBg
<Content>Ready for the Olympics I travelled to this hotel with my husband and 17 month old daughter. We booked directly with the hotel to ensure we got a cot for the baby, and they were prepared to match the lowest available price we had found (we paid 768RMB for a double, no breakfast). We could have paid extra and gotten one breakfast thrown into the price, but there is no need - there are so many little shops and restaurants around - including the standard fast food places in a busy shopping mall about 5 minutes walk away.We were very pleasantly surprised when, on arrival, we could check in prior to the usual check-in time, and were upgraded to a suite for no extra cost! The suite was on the second floor and I worried about the street noise, but there was no problem in the end. While you can hear a few cars, there is very little noise at night.The suite was comfortable and spacious. One thing I was concerned about was the glassed bathroom - but there are two sets of curtains, block out on the inside and privacy curtains on the outside of the glass wall of the bathroom - so if you are travelling with someone who needs privacy, this can be assured. We used the curtain at night when we didn't want to wake our daughter with bright light.Another bonus was a free internet connection in the room (the suite provided a computer). There was tea and coffee making facilities but no free tea or coffee - so bring some (or buy some in the many tea shops) if you want to save some money. There is a little shop just across the road where we got drinks and milk for the baby.The staff are friendly and all speak some English.The only downsides were: a very hard bed (I am getting used to this in this part of the world) and the fact that our credit card deposit had been lost when we were checking out. So far there has been no unexpected charge on our credit card, but I am keeping my eye on our account, just in case.  
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Serrano_33
<Content>Excellent location - modern hotel I can only subscribe to what the other travellers have said about the KAPOK. The location is great if you want to tackle all sightseeing spots in central Beijing, Forbidden City, Tienanmen etc. The Hotel rooms have nice and modern furnishing, bathrooms are striking. Downside is the WLAN connections not working and the PC available in each Room only being able to display Windows messages, boxes in Mandarin. The beds are hard....as others have mentioned which is the only downside.If you plan to leave for business trips to areas outside the first 2 rings in the early morning, expect heavy morning traffic and bear in mind that your taxi trip from the KAPOK may take quite a long time due. We ended up taking the METRO at WANFUJIN after havint been resufed by several taxis to take us to Ring 5 due to the congestions.  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	-1	3	4	3	

<Author>verymodest
<Content>Excellent Hotel, Great Value, Amazing Location We just finished our 3 nights at this hotel, and it is really top notch excellent. There are many factors that make this one of the top hotels in Beijing. First, the location is outstanding, just 3 minute walk to Forbidden City and 5-10 minutes to Tiananmen Square. In the opposite direction, you walk for 5 minutes, and you're in the commercial center of Beijing. Despite the central location, the hotel is on a quiet street with not a lot of noise. There is a bicycle rental place just across the river (2 minutes walk), so if you want to do a bicycle tour, it's very easy. Also, there is a really great massage place and spa just 1 minute walk towards the Forbidden City, where you can get anything from Chinese to Foot massage at very good prices (we payed an equivalent of US $20 for 1 hour Chinese massage (which by the way is kind of harsh but interesting to experience).Second, the rooms are spectacular. We booked a basic double but got upgraded to a suite on the 5th floor and it was completely 5-stars, including a computer with connection to fast internet, flat screen tv, a large spa-sized bathtub, and an overall clean and deluxe finish. The bed was maybe a bit hard, but that's not much of a complaint. The hotel overall is very clean and stylish.Finally, the staff are very helpful and friendly. They helped us arrange a car to the Great Wall, and the price they gave us was actually the same as what Lonely Planet quotes as a minimum. By the way, if you're planning to see the GW, go early in the morning (we left at 6am) and head south on the wall when you get to Badaling. We did this and had the wall all to ourselves for 2 hours. It was magical. By the time we were coming back, the tour buses have just pulled up, and there were literally thousands of people there. Overall, I highly recommend Kapok. In fact, if I ever came back to Beijing, I would not stay anywhere else. This one is a gem.  
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jkofman
<Content>Good boutique hotel in BJ I recommend this hotel to fellow travellers. Very good location for seeing the main sights. Friendly staff whose English is a lot better than my Mandarin, but not perfect. We had our 2yr old daughter with us and the hotel provided a 'baby bed' - - standard collapsible baby cot w/ bedding - - without hesitation. Rooms are decent size, good shower, very clean and modern decor. Really nothing to complain about, so perhaps I should give it 5 *s. On making the reservation, I called the hotel and negotiated the quoted rate down a little over 10%. Our rate strangely included breakfast for 1 person per day although we were 2 adults. As we were staying for 2 nights I asked at check-in if we could have our breakfast for 2 persons on the same which was readily agreed to. There is a collection of small shops and food shacks across the road where we took our other breakfast. I feel the hotel provides very good value and a pleasant experience. I stay at the Westin when in BJ on business but if I came for another holiday weekend I would stay again at the Kapok.  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Gillian33
<Content>Couldn't Find Fault I've just spent a week in the Kapok Hotel in Beijing and would highly recommend the hotel to anyone who wants a peaceful retreat in the heart of the city. The staff all spoke good English, very unusual but extremely useful over there, were polite and cheerful and went out of their way to be helpful. It's a boutique hotel with 89 rooms and would suit couples, single travellers or buisiness people.I was upgraded to a deluxe room free of charge, without asking and would recommend this grade if you can afford it. The room was huge and contained a relaxing area with 2 sofas and a coffee table; a long desk with a computer, flat screen monitor (there's fast, free internet usage in all rooms in the hotel) and flat screen TV; a refreshment centre (well stocked fridge, glass shelves, kettle and an area to make drinks etc all enclosed behind double doors); a huge bed, a bedside table and 2 other low tables with large table lamps. The bathroom was amazing! It was separated from the bedroom by a wall of glass and a glass door (no problems with privacy as there were curtains on the inside and outside of the glass). It had a circular, freestanding bath measuring 1.5 metres in diameter, a matching circular wash basin and circular toilet, plus a separate shower unit. There was a linen basket to drop towels in if you want them changed, weighing scales (seems standard in China), 2 stools and the bathroom was large enough to need 2 waste bins! Everything, without exception, in the room was modern, stylish, carefully designed, spacious and well thought out. It was a pleasure to spend time in the room and in the hotel in general.The lobby, bar, restaurant, gym and other areas were similarly stunningly designed and I'm sure feng shui was high on their list of priorities when the hotel was built. Breakfast and other meals in the hotel were excellent too and, of course, the service was impeccable.I've thought hard, but can't actually think of any ways in which the hotel could be improved. The hotel is in a quiet part of the street, 100 metres or so from the side of the Forbiden City, has a famous night food market at the other end of the street 5 minutes' walk away and is 6 or 7 minutes' walk from the main shopping area of Wangfujing and the Oriental Plaza, so it's not far from a lively area with plenty to do in the evenings. I felt very safe walking around the area at night.I can highly recommend the Dragonfly Spa, a 2 minutes walk down the road towards the Forbidden City and open until 1am. It's also mentioned in various travel guides and I was glad to have had massages there. They're very professional but very cheap compared with British prices!If you're wondering where to stay in Beijing, don't hesitate to book this hotel - you won't regret it!  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>misterkhan
<Content>Cream of the Crop, Kapok rises to the top!       The facade. From a peculiar angle. I'm quite a photographer. thank you.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>TripFromTokyo
<Content>Okey hotel to stay I chose this hotel, cause I was very interested in #10 ranking hotel among over 500 hotels in BJ at the rather economical price.Pls dont expect something like Penninsula or Regentwhich are ranking below this hotel at Tripadvisor.combecause you dont pay that much.For those who travel very often worldwide can accept this hotel,but for those who prefer fancy things would feel this is NOT a right hotel to stay.It is clean, but since the hotel is based on white color andhas already been years since open, you might find it shabbyjust after you enter the lobby.But you have to recall that you are not paying enough moneyto overcome your expectation.The room is okey as well.It s not big , but since the bedroom and bathroom are devided with glass, it looks bigger than it actually is.The bed is very hard, and the pillows are very poor.Free internet is an advantage if you bring along your own pc.Oh, by the way, I dont know why they dont provide tissues.The staffs are friendly, but not so much as hotels in BKK.The breakfast is also okey with variety of dishesfrom chinese to western.The location is good. close to sightseeing spots like Palace or Peoples Square, and close to shopping area.After all, the hotel is average, considering the price.Am I too severe ?I would choose other hotels if the price gets higher.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>TravelSnob1
<Content>Excellent hotel in great location MY TRAVEL STYLE: I hate business hotels and strongly prefer resorts that resemble the Four Seasons, Aman, and Oberoi but try to find similar properties at lower cost. I seek out the 鈥渨ow鈥?experiences and I encourage you to view hotels I have stayed at and their respective reviews (by clicking on my name).LOCATION: Perfect! 20 minutes walking distance from Forbidden City and Tiananmen Square. 5 minutes walking to a very high end mall. Restaurants surround the hotel. TYPE OF ROOM: Fashion SuiteBED/SHEETS/PILLOW: Bed is on the hard side with good quality linens that were brand new and should hopefully get softer with use. Pillows are medium thickness and fine.LIGHTING: Tons of lighting in both bedroom and bathroom. Didn鈥檛 like that the light switch lights (so you can see where they are at night) light up too brightly when trying to sleep.BATHROOM/SHOWER: Incredible in the suite. Round tub is excellent and the shower has medium shower pressure with the hot water never running out. Towels are of excellent quality.TOILETRIES: Good, nothing too special, but fine.CLEANLINESS: The entire room and hotel is very cleanA/C: A/C and heat works quietly and quickly would get the room warm or cool.CLOSET SPACE: Walk in closet is one of the most impressive seen in any hotel. Huge!STYLE OF ROOM: Contemporary and beautiful. Wouldn鈥檛 change much here. The room has floor to ceiling windows and runs for wall to wall, impressive!QUIET/MORNING LIGHT: The room was very quiet with the exception of music that would play during the daytime from across the street. Almost sounded like being next to a nightclub but not as loud. If you require complete silence, you may have better luck asking for a room away from the street that is in front of the hotel. Curtains would block out all morning sun light.FOOD: We only had room service which was mediocre (pizza  soup). Would suggest ordering from Grandma鈥檚 kitchen one block away with free delivery.TV/INTERNET: TV is flat screen and of good size for the room. About 3-5 channels in English including a few movie channels. Internet is very fast and included at no charge (via wire only). There is a computer in our room if you don鈥檛 have laptop with you. SERVICE: Staff are very helpful with good enough English to answer any of your travel questions. We were very disappointed with the housekeeping that wouldn鈥檛 replace towels, clean very well, and replace toiletries often enough.COMMON AREA: Exterior of building is not so nice but the lobby is good with a semi-hip feel to the environment. There is a bar in the lobby and places to hang out but I would rather spend my time in the beautiful fashion suite or some of the nicer bars in Beijing with better atmosphere. No pool. The gym equipment looked new, but the location is strange since it is out in the open in the dark basement below (but the gym is lighted well). ROOM  CITY TIPS: There is a travel agent in the basement that can provide tours and airline/train tickets. Definitely splurge for the fashion suite as it is a very worthwhile upgrade. If you don鈥檛 have breakfast included, Grandma鈥檚 kitchen is a 3 minute walk away and has western style breakfast (they deliver at n/c too). Also, there is a starbucks at the oriental plaza mall (basement of the mall on the right side once you cross the main pedestrian path). Booking through a source other than the hotel provided us with half price rooms.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>carlshafen
<Content>Amazing Hotel in perfect location This hotel was unexpectedly AWESOME. Our suite was amazing, large, dark wood floors, contemporarily decorated and furnished, computer w/ internet in our room, flat screen TV, and a bathroom to die for..... all glass walls overlooking street, glass walls in bathroom! and a soup bowl bath tub... about 4' round  2 1/2' deep and a great shower. (even the standard rooms are very nice) the breakfast was interesting with both local and western selections. the staff was helpful. the location was the reason i selected the hotel (thank you trip advisor) as it is only 2 blocks from the Forbidden City and about 8 blocks from Tiannenman Square. Several cafes on both of the streets to choose from which we did....with interesting and pleasing results....  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>brendastarr22
<Content>Winner!       facade  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Monkibonki
<Content>Great hotel! When we were in Beijing we started by staying in a typical old-fashioned court yard hotel. However our second day walking around the city we accidently walked by Kopac hotel and were intrigued by the interesting facade of the building. We asked to see one of the rooms and decided directly to leave our other hotel and move to Kopac. The rooms are new, modern and clean. The bathroom in my room was pretty cool with only glass walls. There are curtains to give you privacy however they are still see-through. So if you are not comfortable sharing private moments with your room-mate than ask for a room that has a bathroom with at least one real wall!  The beds are very hard. I love hard beds however my travel companion was having a hard time sleeping.  The staff spoke sufficient english and were friendly and helpful. The location was great with walking distant to many interesting parts of the city.This was probably one of the best hotels I have stayed in.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rachelgarrett
<Content>Really nice hotel..... Stayed here in January and thought it was a great hotel. We had a suite and it was a really good size with lovely sofas and big bed (albeit a bit hard!). The bathroom was fabulous and had the biggest bath I had ever seen! Location was great - walking distance to Forbidden City and Tianamen Square and frequent taxis to take us anywhere further!Staff were really helpful in helping us with directions etc.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	2	

<Author>revanslax
<Content>Great location This hotel is an excellent choice for tourists. The location is right in the center of all the activities for active travelers. Wangfujing street is the main shopping area for tourists and it is right next to the Forbidden City.  My wife and I walked to Tianenmen Sq, Forbidden City, Beihai Park, and several other parks in the area.  The hotel is unexceptional on the outside but inside it is very modern and clean. The rooms are unique with all the glass and mirrors and lights. A real treat!!! Broadband internet was free also, along with one complimentry buffet breakfast.  The staff were very helpful getting me a taxi to the Great Wall at a good price and an excellent driver. The same driver took me to the airport for an early departure also. The bottom floor has an excellent gym and travel agency which got me overnite tickets to Shanghai. The staff at the hotel desk even let us leave some of our baggage in their storeroom while we were gone for a few days until we returned. I highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ThePrivateer
<Content>Great stay at the Kapok This was a generally pleasant stay for us, certainly different in character to the Novotel Peace Beijing, where we stayed for the earlier part of our trip. The location is excellent, in a quieter area, yet a stone鈥檚 throw to the Forbidden City and Wangfujing shopping areas. Although sitting in an older building, the hotel interior is totally refurbished and spanking new. The modern, boutique style will sit well with younger travelers and those averse to the overblown and faded grandeur of the older hotels. Reception and related service was excellent, very friendly and helpful although we did have to speak in Chinese to be very effective. The business centre was terrible however 鈥?the staff was un-knowledgeable to the extreme, and although polite, lacked any sort of initiative and helpfulness.The rooms are clean-cut with modern layout (interesting all-glass bathroom), and space was adequate. Overall very comfortable and squeaky clean surroundings. Contrary to previous reviews, the heating in our room worked extremely well, unlike in other hotels in Beijing we stayed in. Some of my fellow travelers complained that the lighting was slightly too dim (sacrificing functionality for design). Opposite the hotel are several local food shops, which are great for an early and authentic breakfast. The Donghuamen Night Market just down the street is a great evening experience. Spa lovers shouldn鈥檛 miss Dragonfly Spa just a few doors away 鈥?fantastic massages at a very reasonable priceI would recommend this hotel for younger travelers and those who are pretty self-sufficient (i.e. do not need the huge breakfasts etc of hotel chains). Do remember to bring the hotel card everywhere you go, and use the Donghuamen night market as a reference for taxi drivers who will not know this hotel 99% of the time.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	1	

<Author>closetconundrums
<Content>Fashionably Fabulous       Bedroom  
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>gxw139
<Content>Kapok was great!! After reading the reviews, I've booked this hotel on sinohotel.com...seemed to have the best rate for this hotel. We've reserved 3 rooms at this hotel, they ended up upgrading 2 of our basic room to a courtyard room. The hotel and the rooms were very clean, everything is new, modern/trendy, free internet and at least 1 staff knew how to speak english per shift. The bathroom is a see through window, however, there's curtains you can close around the bathroom (looks very trendy)! The staff there were all very helpful. My family just loved this hotel for the price we paid!  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

