<Author>Dukkhi
<Content>We have just had a great holiday staying at the Perfect Inn Beijing We have just had a great holiday staying at the Perfect Inn Beijing. We booked this hotel two month ago and we read all trip advisor review most of member wrote location is good but bathroom have bad smell. When we arrived we asked reception about this problem.receptionist just smile and told us take it with your own experience.Perfect Inn's Limo service pick us from Beijing Capital airport.There price is 200RMB this is a perfect pick up. They waiting on arrival with my name sign. After find us give us a warm welcome and welcome drink. On the car driver and another person told us about beijing and about perfect inn. They are very helpful.Reception staff made us so welcome. Our room was spotless. Most people we met at the hotel were on return visits. Nothing was too much trouble. The hotel are up a lane on the other side of the main road and it is really peaceful. Perfect Inn is a lovely little hotel and the area so with good food. We stay in drum tower vier room and we are not find and bad smell in bathroom.The have diffarent types of room types of room. I think executive room is better its tariff 350RMB/room/night including breakfast.This was our first visit to Beijing and we will be back next year for sure for two weeks this time maybe three!  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>VeronaB
<Content>Perfect stay Before booking the hotel I read some fairly mixed reviews on the internet, but due to it's good location and great price I decided to give it a shot anyway. We had a brilliant stay. The staff were always friendly and eager to help. The room was clean and well furnished. Breakfast was slightly different every morning and although basic more than good enough. I would truly recommend this hotel to everyone!  
<Date>Dec 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>EZRiderGhent
<Content>Friendly staff, but smells like a sewer Like other travellers mentioned before: very friendly staff, good location 100 m from Bell and Drum towers and close (but not too close) to the nightlife/restaurants/hutongs around the nearby lakes.However don't expect the rooms to be like they look on the hotel website. Biggest problem was the strong sewer smell in the room. This originates from the fact that no siphons are used to connect sinks etc to the sewage system.OK breakfast.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	5	4	3	

<Author>Velectro
<Content>Not quite so perfect! On arrival we were shown the room we'd booked - on the ground floor near some noisy drilling work, we were told we could upgrade to a better room - which we did, but haggled the price down first!You cannot just use the tea/coffee/toiletries in the room - there is a list and you have to pay for them. Also, the breakfast is not the standard they advertise. The staff were helpful and spoke reasonable english. Bus stop and taxi's are near the hotel and cheap. Subway station is a bus ride away or a 20 min walk.The bathroom is a wet room - EVERYTHING got wet every time we used the shower. the sink was leaking and the worst bit was the electrical wires hanging out near the shower! Clearly, despite this being a recently refurbished hotel they didnt exactly push for high standards.Its an ok place in an ok location, but i'm sure a bit of searching would find you somewhere better for the same price.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>clp99336
<Content>It's far from perfect! We stayed there 10/15 thru 10/27, 2008. Housekeeping service was awful -- floor was not swept once while we were there, bathroom not cleaned once, and some days the bed was not made up. We booked thru their website, which promised a wonderful breakfast -- what we got was burned toast, which I would not classify as wonderful. We booked a superior deluxe room because we wanted more space, but room was barely big enough to walk around the bed. They charge 48 rmb for soap, wash cloth, etc, per person. We went to store and bought these items for less than 8 rmb. Upon check-in, we were presented with price list for items in the fully stocked mini-bar, which was empty, but not a big deal as the refrigerator did not work. We sent jeans out to be laundered, they came back not ironed. Rooms supposed to contain iron and ironing board, but did not. At request, they did provide an iron, but only outlet it would fit did not work. I can go on and on, but suffice to say, this isn't a 3-star! Location was good, and most front desk staff did speak some English and were helpful. Room internet access did not work, but someone came promptly and set it up on my computer. This place has lots of potential, but as it is, I would not recommend staying there.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	3	1	3	2	2	

<Author>BigWhiteCat
<Content>Not a Perfect Inn We stated at Perfect Inn from Oct 13 to 16. We booked the Deluex Twin room directly from Perfect Inn website. However, as we arrived, the receiptionist told us the room was not available as the guest was not checked out that day. Then, she suggested us to change a bigger room (An Executive Twin Room) with a discounted price. We have no other choice, then we accepted her offer but we were not very happy with this arrangment. We booked on-line from their own web page, supposed that the room has been reserved for us. Also, the washroom is not very clean and has foul smell. The washing basin is leaking. Breakfast is quite ok but the hotel location is not very near the subway station. It takes about 15-20 mins by walk. But it is very near the Drum Tower and Bell Tower, just a few steps from the hotel. Also, you can take the public tour bus to Palace Museum, Tiananmen Square and Olympic Park....and other tourist attractions. It is quite convenience but be awared traffic jam in the morning. Overall I can say the Inn is not very good for us to stay. Hope that they can make improvement in the future.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	2	2	3	3	3	

<Author>yagedk
<Content>VERY FAR from perfect.. I stayed in Beijing Perfect Inn for 14 days and oddly enough I had the same experience as a few other of the previous reviewers.We booked a room through booking.com as they had a special offer for one of the best rooms for a pretty reasonable price. We arrived at the hotel and gave the staff the booking confirmation showing all the details, and without any mention of a change, we were given one of the cheapest rooms. Surely this had to be a mistake, so we went back to the reception where we had to argue with the manager for at least half an hour. We were told that there had been a mistake - that the site we booked the room with had made a mistake and that the price was incorrect. To compensate for this we finally argued our way to a room change, but only after we had stayed in the cheapest room for a few days, and after the room change, we would have to change rooms again. We had the feeling that this could turn into a fishy affair so we had the manager write down all the dates and the room numbers and put her name on the paper as well. That feeling later turned out to be correct, but more about this later. After a night in the cheapest room, the aircon started to leak, so we had to change rooms for the night. Well, mistakes happen, the staff was very helpful and we are not fussy about things like that, so we took it with a smile and moved all our stuff a couple of times. Then came the day were we were supposed to change room to a better room (but still not as good as the one we booked from the beginning). We got the keys to the new room, only to find out that this was a twin room and not the double room the manager had promised us. Again, this was being done without any mention of the change, apparently they were hoping we wouldn't notice anything. Again, the manager came down to talk to us, and again we had to argue with her for about half an hour. During the argument she told us straight to our faces, that someone else had gotten our room, simply because they were paying more than us. We were quite shocked to hear this from her, and even more shocked that the dates and the room numbers that she herself had written down for us, didn't seem to matter the slightest. In the end she even offered to kick someone else out of their room so that we could stay in a double room as promised. An offer we refused as we didn't want to put the same kind of trouble we'd been through on other people. We ended up staying the the double room and pushed the two beds together so they sort of made a double bed. After a few more days in this room, we finally got a room with a double bed and stayed there for the rest of the duration.Now the whole trouble apparently started with the mistake that booking.com had made, a mistake that the manager assured us would be corrected as fast a possible. However, more than one month after we stayed in Beijing Perfect Inn, this offer is still on the website. In reality this is not a mistake, but a classic example of a bait and switch operation. Put a great room on a website for a really low price, attract customers and then switch the room to something else when they arrive. After an argument, offer them a complimentary upgrade, and the customer will feel that they have won a little, when in fact the hotel has tricked you into staying in a complete different room than you booked. When we started looking for hotels in Beijing we actually started reading reviews here on Tripadvisor and we also read descriptions of the hotel on various other sites. Reviews that were raving about the fantastic breakfast and all the amenities. Just to clarify: There are no salmon omelettes and there are no freshly baked croissants. All there was, was some chinese sour and salty buns, cut out in mini pieces, a few pieces of toast and a orange juice that had never seen an orange in its life. Also there are no bathrobes, no free daily newspaper, no in room safe, no inhouse movies, and definitely no superb cleanliness as written on various websites. In fact, the sheets were never changed - only when we asked for it the staff came and changed them for us. It is now clear to us that the first couple of reviews on this site clearly must have been written by the hotel itself, as no one who has actually stayed there and seen the breakfast and the rooms could have written such things. Apart from all these things, there were good points about the place as well. The staff was always very helpful, smiling and chatty and we truly felt welcome every time we walked in the door. Apart from the fact that they gave us the wrong information half of the time, the staff really lifted the experience, and with a bit more knowledge of the city they would have been absolutely perfect. The hotel itself is also in a great location, the area is full of trendy bars, small funky shops and lots of restaurants. Definitely a big plus. And apart from all the trouble with the rooms, the rooms we stayed in were great value for the money. Sure, the shower did smell a bit funny and there was small things missing in every room but if you're not too fussy about things like that, it's not really a big problem. The problem however, with Beijing Perfect Inn, is that it promises way too much than it can deliver. And even when new promises are made, these cannot be trusted and that is both frustrating to the guest and simply a bad way of doing business. All in all, we had an okay time at Beijing Perfect Inn, but still we would not recommend it to others and we would certainly never stay there again ourselves.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	4	2	1	1	2	

<Author>anders_sean
<Content>Loved it! We had actually been booked in another hotel which fell through, we were booked into this one by our original hotel. I was a little hesitant at first as I did not know anything about the place.when we got there, I was pleasantly suprised! Staff was super friendly and accomodating, place was exceptionally clean and the location was fantastic, about 1.5 kms north of the Forbidden Cirty, 10 minute walk south of the subway and right next to the Drum Tour in the Hutong district.I would definitely recommend this place to everyone, prices were great! already planning to go back next May!  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ctina225
<Content>Smells Like A Sewer! Summary: Tiny Rooms with Toilet/Shower Unit in the Room, Rooms Smell Like Sewer, Hallways Smell Like RAID, SUPER Noisy on 1st FloorFriendly faces and bottles of water welcomed us after our 20+ minute trek from the metro. Check in was relatively quick and the ladies at the front desk were very sweet. The cherry on top was that their English was much better than I expected. Sadly, that is the last good thing I can say about our experience with the Perfect Inn.After checking in, we had to lug our bags filled for 3 weeks of travel up 3 flights of stairs because there was no elevator. Our tiny room (with the toilet/shower IN the room) welcomed us with a STRONG air freshener smell, which was okay. But as we started to unpack the smell that the freshener had temporarily masked started to re-dominate the small room. . . There was a distinctly unpleasant SEWAGE smell emanating from the bathroom! Disgusting!Needless to say, we asked for another room even though it was about midnight. She asked me if I closed the bathroom door, and I said of course! Then, she said the manager went upstairs and said it smelled fine. In the end, we were given a room that was slightly larger for the same price. It smelled okay, and we were exhausted since it was nearly 1 am, so we agreed to move downstairs.I was hesitant about the larger room on the ground floor because I was scared of the noise I heard about from another TripAdvisor reviewer, but she reassured me that it would not be noisy. She was wrong! Even though we were exhausted, we could hear the hotel staff and friends hanging out in the lobby and dishes being washed after the post-midnight snack!Then, when we woke up and opened the bathroom door to shower and get ready for the day, our faces were HIT with a SEWER SMELL even stronger than the room we had moved away from!We've never done it before, but we moved to another hotel.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>1	3	1	3	1	4	-1	4	

<Author>Fredrik3
<Content>Friendly staff and good location We stayed there for a couple of nights just before the olympics started. The staff were more than friendly and very helpful concerning all our questions and needs. The rooms were slightly compact and we still wonder who designed the bathrooms (you could actually see the person inside through the door and wall (which was made of coloured glass)), but anyway a very nice and comfortable place to stay at. The location is also very good with suitable bus lines and not to far from the metro. The area nearby also consits of a lot of restaurants and a lovely bar street (somewhat touristic by the way). But, dont expect too much from the breakfast, not even if you upgrade to a 20 yuan breakfast...  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>LindaBuckley
<Content>Delighted with the hotel We were more than happy with Perfect Inn. Rooms were compact but adequate. Took a while to adjust to the bathroom(sliding blue doors and shower hose stuck to wall) but however after our first of six nights stay we settled comfortably. Breakfast was a few different types of breads, eggs, fruit, toast  tea/coffee. It was suffficient as we didn't expect breakfast with our room so we were happy. It is in a very good location. Staff are more than helpful. You can arrange many tours including the Great Wall from the hotel which is great. Overall we were delighted with our stay in the Pefect Inn.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>ChinaStevosan
<Content>friendly but basic good points:1. very friendly staff2. excellent location3. two computers in lobby for internet access4. cheap pricebad points:1. smallish rooms 2. downstairs rooms are noisy3. basic toilets with strange sliding doors and shower just onto tiles not shower cubicle4. NO FRESHLY BAKED CROISSANTS (i mean what was i thinking??!!) - breakfast very average only, but to be fair, we left for the great wall at 6am and they were serving especially for us so thanks for the eggs!  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	5	3	4	4	4	

<Author>aaaaaaaaaaUk
<Content>never again! We just stayed in the hotel for a week and were very disappointed after reading all the great reviews on tripadvisor. Firstly, non of the amenities advertised were there. Also there was no bathtub and the room generally smelt awful. the bathroom smelt of onions and every time we went into the room our eyes got funny. Not sure why, but when we mentioned it to the staff they did not seem surprised and transferred us to a different room. it was a bit better but not perfect. Also every time we used the shower the whole bathroom got flooded. we did have to specifically ask for more toilet paper and a change of sheets as they did not do that otherwise! another point was breakfast. some of the reviews wrote fantastic things about it but it was so basic, just bread and butter, fruit (sometimes tasted of garlic- clearly used the same knife for both) boiled eggs and some Chinese rice things. really not great. it seems they either stopped trying or the hotel itself wrote previous reviews. only good things were the location which was fine and the friendly staff although they did have very limited English.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>1	4	1	3	2	3	2	1	

<Author>robbiewlly
<Content>Excellent Welcome We are very happy to stay in Beijing Perfect Inn Boutique Hotel.This is my 2nd time visit in Beijing.Over night we travel from Shanghai to Beijing. Arrive in Beijing 7:30am. From train station i call to Perfect Inn Hotel. They told me just wait in train station' from of KFC. Hotels car came to there with in 20 minuts and pick up us. Very comfortable limousine service. When we arrived in Reception they give us welcome drink and very first check in. Our room is not ready that time we was booked Executive Room but they give us upgrade room then 1 0 clock they give us our expected room. In our room we found lots of choicklet and fruits basket. We enjoy it.Hotel is located centre of Beijing it is very easy to travel all famous palace in Beijing. We stay in Perfect Inn 5 nights. Every morning we got complimentary breakfast lots of item and also seasonal fruits tea/coffee egg. We like itr.Hotes staff is very smily and friendly they always advice us how go our expected palace. Room is very comfortable and excellent bathroom.L;ots of boutique in all hotel. Food is cheap and good tastes. Last night we join hotels complimerntary dinner. Lots of diffarent types chinese and english food. Beer, wine its great.This is our memorable travel in Beijing.We can't forget perfect Inn's hospitality.Next year we wish stay again in Perfect Inn.Thanks for everything perfect inn's staff.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Bruceo
<Content>Less than perfect We have used TripAdvisor few a few years and this is the first time we have felt compelled to write a review. We were slightly disappointed with this hotel - and you cant accuse us of being snobbish as we had just completed a 30 day transsiberian backpacking trip. Obviously the other reviews overly rave about the place, so we think this provides a good balance (possibly they have gotten a bit slack since first opening). Also, we spent 11 nights here and got to see some things that you may not notice in 1-2nights. Like I said, we are not fussy travellers, the place was heaven compared to camping in Siberia and Mongolia, we just thought it was important to point out that some clearly advertised features dont exist. And if it seems too cheap to be true - it is. The hotel is in a really nice location, not just the bell and drum towers but a nice little district with many little boutiques, music stores and restaurants. The lakes and Houhai bar district are within a short walk. You wont be disappointed. The price is also great. When we booked there was a slight misunderstanding and we received a complementary Deluxe room upgrade for the trouble, which we thought was fantastic service. Looking at the website it quotes in room safe, free bath robes, free daily newspaper, international plug sockets, international tv channels, movies and in room tea and coffee. The room contained none of these and after a half an hour discussion with the receptionist we found that these 'deluxe' features don't actually exist. When we showed her the hotel website she was genuinely surprised to seem them listed. The in room safe was a particular selling point for us booking this hotel in the first place. The receptionist told us we could use the 'safe' at front desk (basically a locking wooden cabinet - which was currently half open) or alternatively hide our valuables somewhere in our room. During our conversation she phoned the hotel manager twice - who refused to come down and see me!Other issues include an occasional sewer smell from the shower drain which attracted little flies, some damp on the walls, no clean sheets in 11 nights! (one day we had to ask for more toilet paper), and on one day there were no clean towels in the whole hotel (we found this out AFTER they had taken our old ones away so we had no towels!). We've also had to use the same cups in our room every day for 11 days and wash them out ourselves.As the other reviews say, its a great location and a nice relaxed atmosphere with all the staff greeting you with a friendly hello. It may be just that little bit too relaxed ;) A 2 out of 5 may seem low, but OK but with some problems sums it up perfectly.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	3	3	4	

<Author>Dipu_Dhaka
<Content>Execelent choice       Hotel Lobby  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

