<Author>katykrystal
<Content>Loved it. Stayed at this hotel before and after a cruise. The room booked by the travel agent was basic but on our return we booked extra days directly with the hotel and were given a fantastic room with a view of the Space Needle at a good budget price. Would definitely stay there again. Staff were very helpful. Lovely complimentary breakfast. Free tea and coffee 24 hours a day. Great location.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dschamboumping
<Content>Ok for the price I see that most people will agree with me, the hotel is ok for the price. The reason I have given 4 instead of 3 points is, that now that I think of it and having returned from a 4 week United States trip, I find this hotel above average for the prize they charge.$99 during high season for two people, including an (average) breakfast, located not far from downtown Seattle - that sounds like a pretty good deal to me.The location is really convenient, it's just a short walk to Space Needle, and from there one can take the air train directly into Seattle.The staff was helpful and friendly; there was complimentary wireless internet available and coffee and tea in the lobby.The rooms seemed mostly clean, but way too small. You'd basically have to crawl over the bed to reach the far side of the room. Also, this hotel has the slowest elevator I have ever seen, but all in all the convenience of the location and prize just beats those small downsides.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	5	3	3	3	4	

<Author>chezmarpole
<Content>Nothing fancy, but excellent location My fiance and I chose to stay here because we wanted to be downtown without breaking the bank. The rooms are basic but adequate - especially if you plan to spend the majority of a weekend stay exploring Seattle, as we did. The location is excellent - walking distance to trendy Belltown shops and restaurants. We had a memorable Italian dinner at Barolo Ristorante, a ten minute walk from the hotel.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>palapa_gal
<Content>Ok for the price Stayed here for 2 nights at the end of August. The location is good if you are visiting the Seattle Center (Space Needle, EMP, monorail) and you are just a short bus ride (stops right out front) into downtown and Pike Place Market.We had one of the larger rooms on the 5th floor. While it was nice to have more space, not sure it was worth the extra money. The carpet was in need of a good cleaning or replaced. I would not walk barefoot on it. The bed was ok. The bathroom looked like it had been updated not long ago. We did find ants in the room on our last night but did not bother to complain since it was getting late and we would be checking out early in the morning. The breakfast was your typical free hotel breakfast, nothing fancy but was very crowded.The pool  hottub were great to have and to pass a couple of hours in the evening since it was raining during our stay.We found the front desk staff to be very helpful and answered all our questions.We didn't have any issues with noise coming from the busy street below but that might be because we were on the top floor.Would we stay here again, maybe if we could get a better price and they did some updating.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	-1	-1	

<Author>World17
<Content>Acceptable (barely) for the price My family of four (including 7  9 year old boys) stayed at this downtown Seattle hotel for two (2) nights before an Alaskan cruise. It was one of the less expensive hotels in the area and I was not expecting luxury, but my overall stay was disappointing. On the good side, it is in a safe area just a few blocks from the Space Needle and surrounding attractions and Pike's Market and the waterfront are walkable (although a little bit of a hike). However, the rooms and lobby are tired (the entire building really), the breakfast area overcrowded and it is serviced by a single, small, slow elevator. The advertised free shuttle to the dock was instead $6.00 per person and contracted out to a van service and the high speed internet was also down. The front desk staff was adequate, but I could have accomplished the same goals for less (with a better breakfast) at the adjoining Travelodge. At best, this is a 1-2 night hotel when waiting to go on a cruise (which about half of the guests were). For that purpose, it's fine. However, if you are visiting Seattle as your destination, I would look elsewhere.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	2	2	2	

<Author>rustbucket
<Content>Just fine I had to make a last minute trip to Seattle while two conventions were going on and this was the closest hotel to the downtown area I could. When you arrive the dingy 70's exterior doesn't do a lot to ease your mind, nor does the location but once you get into your room things improve. It seems to be newly renovated and everything was clean. Bed was quite comfortable and the room was quiet, despite facing a rather busy street. The rooms are quite small but I live in NYC and I'm used to tight quarters so it didn't really bother me. The breakfast room makes your high school cafeteria feel like the Ritz and is a rather depressing start to the day, I'd skip it and talk a walk over to Belltown for a proper cup of coffee and any kind of breakfast you'd want.Totally acceptable for what it is, a motel on the edge of town.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	3	3	3	3	

<Author>thirdshf
<Content>Convenient location but not much else to recommend The Quality Inn  Suites Seattle has a couple of things going for it -- price and location -- but that's about it.I'm guessing that this hotel opened its doors back in 1962 when Seattle hosted a World's Fair, hoping to capitalize on fairgoers visiting the city back then. There are two or three other similar hotels nearby built to the same blocky college dorm standards as this one. I've seen references on different websites noting that this hotel was recently renovated, but evidence is sadly lacking. This hotel looks tired and could use a spruce-up. The room was a big disappointment -- two queen beds, a knotty pine dresser, a TV, and little else crammed into a tiny space. There wasn't even a chair in the room to sit on. I'm sure there are monk's cells better furnished than the rooms in this place. The room was so small that the three of us would be tripping over each other if we all tried to move at the same time.The rooms either overlook Aurora Ave. (the hotel is not set back from the street) or the back alley and the adjacent Travelodge. Aurora Ave. is a busy major thoroughfare that carries a lot of traffic (and the accompanying noise) into downtown Seattle in the morning rush hours. The rooms in the back don't get the traffic noise, but you have to contend with sound of garbage trucks emptying the dumpsters early in the morning. A lot of construction is currently going on in this neighborhood, including a building across the street from the hotel. That raises the daytime noise level as well.If you have a car, note that while parking is free for guests, you may not be able to get a space in the hotel parking lot. There are not enough spaces in the lot under the hotel to accommodate all guests. At night you can park at the end of the driveway off Aurora Ave., but that may necessitate backing out onto a busy street the next morning. The alternatives are parking on the side streets or in a nearby surface lot that will cost you. Because of the nearby construction some spaces on the street have been designated as no parking areas, limiting that alternative.The indoor pool is OK, though it was closed for one day of our stay. There are no changing rooms at the pool and you have to walk through public areas of the hotel in your bathing suit to get there, so bring a coverup if that's an issue for you.Breakfast is the pastries and bagels fare that you find at most hotels these days. Get there at least a half hour before the breakfast room closes, however, because it doesn't look like they restock the buffet during the final 30-45 minutes.On the plus side, this place is three blocks from Seattle Center attractions like the Experience Music Project, Pacific Science Center and the Space Needle. Busses to downtown Seattle stop at the front door every 10-15 minutes during the day. The front desk people we dealt with were friendly and helpful. The neighborhood seems safe at night and there are restaurants nearby in the Belltown neighborhood (about a 10 minute walk)If you're not fussy or claustrophobic, I suppose you could get by here. If you're willing to spend more money, the much newer Holiday Inn Express on the other side of Aurora Ave. might be a much better choice in this neighborhood. I wish I had done that.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>julia_xuxu21
<Content>Awesome A+ Experience!!!! I have been to my share of hotels and this one have surpassed my expectations.No dislikes at all. Hotel experience was amazing. Room was clean and comfortable. Great location at a reasonable rate. Customer service an A+. Look out for Ricky, cause he's the man! He'll get you more than what you need and is extremely friendly.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ms2112
<Content>okay for a night or two Good points: The location is great -- a five minute walk to space needle. The continental breakfast is well stocked and is of good quality, the bathrooms are newer. Price is not out of line for downtown Seattle.Down side: Parking is a royal pain, not nearly enough of it. get there after five and good luck finding a space, staff not all that helpful in most regards. OLD hotel, very slow and rickety elevator. While bathrooms are clean and look new, they need to replace room carpets or something, because ours smelled like a gym bag filled with sweaty socks. Hallway smelled old and musty as well. plug in alarm clock in room did not work, had to call twice to ge a replacement, then the replacement(which was older than the original one) did not work either. It was okay for a one night stay before heading to the airport the next morning, and as I said quite close to space needle and tourist spots downtown.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>KiowaVT
<Content>Some rooms are awfully tiny--smallest I ever had in a Quality Inn or Choice Hote The hotel is clean. The odd numbered backside rooms escape the traffic noise. Near things. But a feeling of long cave-like halls, mild service, and what a bloody small room. Europe? Nope, Seattle. Not a bad deal at Seattle prices, but certainly the Queen rooms are nothing I look forward to again. Fine, but not uplifting.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>armywife93
<Content>Good downtown location This is a great hotel to stay at if you have lots of downtown Seattle activites planned. We spent three nights here and weren't disappointed. The ONLY complaint I have (which really is minor in the scheme of things) is that there is only one computer in the lobby with internet access and it was really difficult to get on it with the hotel being very busy. I think for the size and capacity of this hotel, they should definitely have a second or even a third computer. I also think that travelers who want to spend time on myspace and other sites like that should bring their own computers and have the common courtesy to not monopolize the only computer available for guests. With that being said, the rest of our time here was great.Public transportation has a pick up right in front of the hotel. We opted for this for trips to Pike Place Market, as parking down there would have cost us $15 and the bus cost us $6.50 round trip. We walked to the Space Needle, restaurants, and also walked to the dock of the Victoria Clipper (Pier 69). We found it much easier (mostly beacuse of parking prices), and left our rental car parked in the gated parking lot beneath the hotel. Breakfast was abundant, but the breakfast room was WARM and always full so we did take the food back to our room. The people at the front desk were incredibly friendly and helpful with travel ideas, bus routes, restaurant suggestions, etc. The Mariners were in town and they had sign-up sheets at the front desk for shuttles to the games for $5/person. We had a room that had a sliding glass door to an outdoor area where everyone from the hotel had access to. I wasn't happy the first day back when our curtain had been opened by the housekeeper so everyone could see in and see what we had. The next day the curtain was kept closed which I was thankful for. Our room was always made up and cleaned very well. I did a load of laundry and found it reasonable at $1.50 per machine to wash and dry.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	2	

<Author>dreamcatcher1969
<Content>okay but needs upgrading My family and I stayed here for 2 nights, we got the big family suite on the fifth floor. Definitely not worth over $260 a night but with 6 people to divide with, it made it ok We heard plenty of comments from people in the elevator ride up that we were LUCKY we weren't on the second floor because the rooms were horrible. Because they were busy we had to move into another suite the second night. The second suite was a little more run down than the first one. They definitely NEED to steam clean the carpets or get new carpet it was pretty gross. I would not walk without shoes in the room. Air conditioning wasn't the greatest but was manageable. Nice size family rooms, but we probably won't go back. Would rather spend a little more money for something nicer and more updated...After all I am on holidays  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	3	2	2	2	2	

<Author>Wife&Mom
<Content>Good enough We just needed a basic room to use after a late concert at Key Arena. We checked in around 4:00 and the staff was very friendly. We were very thankful for the free parking as well. The hotel as a whole is older and a bit dingy, but it was good enough for us. Our room was quite small, barely enough room to walk around the two double beds, with a table, chair, and TV crammed into one corner, but since all we needed was a bed and bathroom, we were fine. The bathroom was small too, but clean, and lots of hot water. The air conditioner also cooled the room very well. The free breakfast had a good selection and tasted good. In short, if you need a no-frills hotel close to Seattle Center, and don't want to pay for parking, this is a good place to stay. If you want big and fancy, you won't be impressed.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>WATravelers005
<Content>Not best choice We stayed one night on the 5th floor. Hard to find - directions not clear. On very busy road, so pretty loud. Elevator really slow and made ominous noises. Lighting on floor dim, sort of creepy. Room layout weird - two sliding glass doors out to tar paper roof - no seating, no signs saying Stay Off. Small kids next door were of course drawn to edge. Could not get DVD player to work and called front desk to ask question - staff didn't know but would send someone up. Canceled request. Not in best area - thought we could walk to Seattle Center but homeless people were sleeping in doorways between the two places - and I have young girls. Opted not to walk. Stuffy smelling. Windows grimey from the inside. Odd mixture of furniture. Free continental breakfast hard to locate and about what you'd expect for free. Room was not ready at check in time so they deducted $10 off our bill. Will not stay there again. Ever.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	1	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>readymade
<Content>Good budget option for downtown OK, I'm tired of some of the finicky reviews of this place. It's a Quality Inn, for Pete's sake. Don't expect the Ritz. It's a perfectly fine 2* hotel. I was there for UW commencement and the city was busy, so this was the best I could do. I got a rate of $95 on Quikbook, and that was the best I could find ANYWHERE for this or any other decent property in downtown. When I arrived, I asked for two beds. The clerk was knowledgeable and efficient, and said she had only one left, but the rate would be $99. No problem. Still a deal for these dates. The lobby had a kind of Northwest lodge feel, with stone walls and floor. There was free coffee available and limited free newspapers. The elevator was kind of creaky and battered, and the guest room hallways were pretty shabby, but the room itself was spotless. Event the edges of the carpet seemed vacuumed, something I often don't see in 4* hotels. It had a beamed ceiling, again with the lodge feeling, and a microwave and mini-fridge. Plenty of room. Free wireless internet (although sometimes a weak signal). No problems with noise. The free breakfast was pretty abundant, although the breakfast room was crowded. There were signs about not taking away food, but my sister brought me stuff anyhow. No big deal. So I was perfectly satisfied. There's FREE parking! Some is in a lot alongside the street (Aurora), but there's also a hard-to-find garage. Go behind the hotel and completely around the block to the other side. You'll see a small Quality Inn sign over the entrance. You enter with your room key, so access is completely controlled. The elevator will take you all the way to the guest floors. I'd say the elevator was the biggest problem here: it was slow, old, creaky, and ugly. Otherwise, everything was fine. They even have a nice indoor pool off the lobby.The location was good. It's not in the thick of downtown, but DT is very accessible in a few minutes walk. If you exit the hotel and go right down Denny Way, there's an area with cafes and restaurants, and further down is the Space Needle food court. There's also a McDonalds near the Space Needle. If you go a few blocks north on Denny Way, there's a Whole Foods Market. And if you're in a hurry, there's a convenience store/gas station on the corner of Denny and Aurora, about 2 minutes walk.So I would not be afraid to stay here. I hope this hotel will move up in the rankings.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	3	-1	

<Author>katdog
<Content>Decent hotel, nice location.       View out window 2  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	-1	4	

<Author>SanFranExplorer
<Content>OK if you just need a clean space to sleep... I just finished a 5-night stay from Comfort Suites Downtown Seattle and moved into this hotel down on the road for another night before heading back home. Boy was I surprised to see the difference of hotel facility between the two! I have stayed at other Quality Inn/Suites in the past but this one by far is my least favorite one. While Quality Inns/Suites is not the same as Comfort Inns/Suites but since they are operated under the same hotel family chain, I do expect equivalent or at least similar quality standard, especially when both hotels are only within 300 feet away from each other. Despite that the Quality Inn/Suites Downtown Seattle offers clean basic rooms with maybe 5-10% less in pricing, it is a somewhat run-down facility with a bear-cave feel - small, dark and old. I guess if you just want a simple basic place to stay for a day or two and are budget conscious, the Q hotel Seattle will be an okay choice. It is mediocre overall, upgrades are definitely needed for the hotel.  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	3	3	4	

<Author>grandmaBoise
<Content>Issues with the Quality Inn and Suites in Seattle We booked and stayed in two rooms. The one room had a telephone that did not work and a heater that did not work. Then there was a problem with the toilet in that room. These problems were taken care of after we complained. We stayed three nights and not once was the hot tub warm enough to sit in, even after we requested that they turn up the heat. The other room had bugs in the shower.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	2	3	3	3	

<Author>abracabubble
<Content>Middle of the line hotel We stayed here for about 4 days. It is not a terrible hotel, however, things need an upgrade badly. The best thing about this hotel is free parking and location. I would only recommend this hotel to people who are on a budget and want a decent location, and who are spending most of their time out of the room.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nikkit11
<Content>Horrible service, front desk gave key to stranger at 2 am My boyfriend and I were looking for a room with a jacuzzi in Seattle and this one was in our price range so I called them to book a room. The girl at the front desk told me in a very [----] and curt way that there was no rooms available for the dates I wanted, then hung up. I looked at the website and there were tons of rooms so I called back and was able to book a room for the exact same dates I said the first time with no trouble?!?!?! Should have been my first clue....Then when we get there she wouldn't process my Canadian debit card at the front desk and told me I needed to find an atm. She told me I could go up the street to a gas station. We did, but then the next day realized that there was an atm that worked fine for our card right in the lobby of the hotel?!?!!? THE WORST PART - At some point in the middle of the night, someone opened our room door. It caught on the chain but it opened. I woke up but wasn't sure if I was imagining it or what, so I just stayed awake all night after that. The next day we went down to breakfast and then tried to come back, and our key cards wouldn't work. We went to front desk and it turns out that when we paid the day before no one had bothered to check us in fully in the computer, so in the middle of the night the front desk guy gave our room to one of his friends.... Then he deactivated our keys because we weren't checked in?!?!? This hotel is disorganized and has terrible service. Also, the location isn't that great, but you can walk to downtown and its cheap. The jacuzzi was fun tho, I just don't recommend using bubble bath cause you can't control those bubbles with the jets on!  
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>cdw1982
<Content>Seattle stay The Quality Inn  Suites in Seattle is located three blocks from Seattle Center, home of the Space Needle. The area was originally built for the 1962 World's Fair. The area appears to be mostly offices and t.v. stations. We did walk a few blocks to find some restaurants and there is a food court in the Center House near the Space Needle. The monorail from Seattle Center runs to Westlake Center mall with plenty of shopping and restaurants.The hotel was built for the fair, but was added onto several years ago and recently the rooms were updated. Our room was rather small for four adults, but since we were out sightseeing most of the time it was fine. The room had 2 double beds and included a microwave and refrigerator. The bathroom had been updated with marble floor and new fixtures. The staff was friendly and helpful and we found the hotel to be clean. Although the hotel was full during our stay, our room was very quiet. The hotel is next to a very busy highway. With the window closed, the noise was not a problem. Parking is free at the hotel, which is great for a downtown hotel, but stalls are limited. They serve a nice breakfast, near the pool area. The breakfast room fills quickly, so the earlier you get there the better. Although the area around the hotel was not very tourist friendly, we thought the hotel was a bargain. $115/night for 4 adults, free breakfast, and free parking in downtown Seattle.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	2	4	4	4	3	

<Author>HiroVancouver
<Content>great price, great location, great hotel This gem of a hotel was much better than I thought it would be. We came down to Seattle for a Seahawks game. The hotels in downtown Seattle were way too expensive for us, so we choose the Quality Inn which is only about a 15 - 20 min walk to downtown. Or you can take the Monorail which is only 2 blocks away from the hotel and takes you to Westlake Center. We took the shuttle bus to Qwest Field which only cost $5 return per person. We paid $112 (before taxes) for a room with two double beds. There's free parking. We saw plenty of available parking, so I'm not sure why other reviewers had problems. The complimentary breakfast was the best feature. Usually you just get cereal and baked goods, but here you get eggs, bacon, and potatoes. there's also a waffle maker, plus the usual pastries, cereal, tea, coffee, juice, etc. There's a huge indoor pool and hot tub. The room itself was clean and comfortable. There's a fridge and microwave which is unusual. I didn't like the pillows though because they flattened very easily so I had to ask for more. The staff was very helpful and courteous. No problems at the front desk whatsoever. All of the features combined with the proximity to downtown make this hotel a great stay. I will definitely stay here on my next trip to Seattle.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>gerri7577
<Content>What a dive!!!! Drapes looked like there had been a massacre in our room, balcony area (for smokers) was directly outside our room and had people partying and carrying on ALL NIGHT, bathroom was still dirty (spiderwebs under the sink), interupted by maintanence the next morning because my shower was leaking into the room beneath us, breakfast buffet resembled prison food with NOWHERE to sit...will never stay there again!!!! Was close to everything but we were afraid to move our car for fear of losing what few parking spots they had....were forced to take cabs at huge prices to go a few blocks. So much for giving my kids a nice getaway birthday weekend...the only good thing was Disney Princess Wishes on Ice at Key Arena.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	2	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>Doug_Heffernan
<Content>Great Bang for you Buck! Took wife and kids to Seattle for the weekend for a shopping trip. We had a great stay at this hotel...great comp breakfast and very nice for the kids to swim in an indoor pool in November.Excellent location as the space needle is 2 blocks away and easy to get to public transportation.When asked directions to shopping malls the girl went online and printed us mapquest directions to a couple malls.Will be back!  
<Date>Nov 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pinklaserdotcom
<Content>Great for limited budgets and easy going travelers! We stayed at the Quality Inn Seattle in August for 5 days and have to say that we would come back. We were unable to check in as we arrived early, but the staff were kind enough to check our bags and deliver them to the room when we checked in. We were on a limited budget, so our room was small, but comfortable and we only needed to ask for more pillows, blankets, etc. and they were delivered promptly. The bed was very comfortable, sheets clean and soft and the bathroom and rest of the room clean as well. We just wondered how those strange handprints got on the ceiling...? The breakfast is fantastic, but don't forget to bring your breakfast tickets! The pool was nice and open 24 hours and there is a great looking gymn available. We didn't use the gymn... hey, we were on vacation! but I saw others enjoying it.If you don't want to rent a car or pay for a taxi, you can walk the 2 blocks to the space needle and take the monorail downtown, where you can walk anywhere or catch a cab for a few less dollars. Just remember the monorail shuts down at night, so don't get stranded downtown. All in all it's a clean, comfortable place, wonderful all you can eat breakfast, not doughnuts and coffee like others and in a good location for a reasonable price. Ricky is the man if you need anything!Hi, Ricky and staff and thanks for everything!Christine  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>jel79
<Content>great value for money! we spent 3 nights at this motel and found it to be everything we could have wanted. It is a little further out of the city than we would have liked, but a short walk to the space needle where we caught the monorail into the city ($4pp return). Free parking, complimentary deluxe breakfast (superb!) and free wi-fi made this the choice for us. the decor is modern, clean and all rooms come standard with a fridge and microwave (something other places charge more for). there is a great market on the next block open 24 hrs. only downside is the lack of restaurants within walking distance. perfect otherwise!  
<Date>Oct 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>robertwcook
<Content>Decent basic accommodations.... I stayed here on a 2 day pre Alaska cruise weekend with my partner  2 sets of parents. We had no real problems, except I thought the one elevator was mighty slow. Took the stairs most of the time. Service was friendly  pretty efficient ( when I needed extra pillows they were promptly delivered to my room). Breakfast was a nice variety of things including eggs, bacon, freshly made waffles, etc. Enough for morning sustenance. I got a great rate on Quikbook.com of $95.00, which was a bargain for that area. We walked to the Space Needle, the monorail,  also walked downtown both days. It is a nice walk  I felt safe no matter where I was in the city.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>REDLEG22
<Content>You get what you pay for Quality Inn Downtown, 225 Aurora N, Seattle WA., You get what you pay forPeriod of stay: Septe,ber 16-20, 2007The location is conveintant to the space needle and especially the monorail, which will wisk you directly to downtown in a few minutes for a round trip fare of $2.00. However, I would suggest the Travel lodge, Holiday Inn Express or the Best Western which are all within blocks of one another. This like many other hotels in high tourist areas, takes in a lot of group tourists arriving on buses from various locations. Warm breakfast was very good, scrambled eggs and bacon, toast, bagels, coffee, juices, cereal and even waffels. Unfortunately you had to walk through the lobby and pool area to get to the dining area.The corporation obviously had purchased the facility from another chain. The renovations included new carpeting and wall covering in the halls, a refrig, microwave and coffee maker in the rooms and marble, yes marble, flooring, vanity and a new tub surround in the bath. They forgot the carpeting in the rooms, which were terrible. In our room, when we walked across the floor it loudly squeeked as though the flooring was not nailed down tightly below the carpet.The first night we had to change rooms because the walls were so paper thin that you could hear the voices in the next room speaking in their normal tone of voice. We moved at 11:00 p.m.The resturants in the area are supposed to be within walking distance, they are if you are a young adult or an avid jogger, we rented a car on the thiord day just to be able to get to the local resturants.The room rate was $130.00 per day, I would suggest paying a little more and finding a hotel closer to downtown.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>grandma_debi
<Content>Will not stay here again! While traveling down the PCH from Bellingham, WA to San Diego, CA we made reservations for and stayed at the Seattle Quality Inn  Suites. Yes, the hotel was within walking distance of the Space Needle. However, when I requested a 2pm check-out (we did not check-in until after 7pm) as per the special services extended to Choice Privileges members, I was told the latest we could check-out was 1pm; the room was small; there was an accumulation on dust on the top of the drapes which fell down on me when I pulled them closed; only one elevator worked and it was slow; the complimentary in room coffee service was provide only for one person; after showering, the bathtub took forever to drain (over 8 minutes) and left behind scum; we had to walk through the indoor pool area to reach the breakfast room; the business center computer was out of order; and the sole desk clerk was so harried trying to do several tasks at once that several guests left after waiting too long for service.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	3	2	2	2	1	

<Author>jehobden
<Content>Parking Huge Problem Here This place was ok, as it was within walking distance to Space Needle and that area, but most everything else had to be reached by car. Parking was insufficient for Memorial Day weekend, as several underground parking garage spaces were taken by mattresses and other hotel furniture. Suite was ok but not as nice as it was depicted on website. Breakfast was ok most times, though too crowded on some days.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	2	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>willingrvw
<Content>Small but good value Stayed here for 6 nights on our first trip to Seattle. Picked this because of the location, price and free parking. Hotel is older, but apparently being renovated. They had a big air compressor in the parking lot and were working on the roof the whole time we were there.Rooms were small (about 10' x 12'), but clean. Ours was on the Aurora St. side and tended to be noisy during the day and early evening, because of the RT 99 traffic, but quieted down later in the evening.Our security lock was broken when we checked in and found that the tub didn't drain after the first night's shower. Told the desk, but it took them 2 days of repeated requests to make the repairs.Breakfast was good, but always crowded and most people ended up sharing tables. Parking was never a problem for us, even over a football weekend.Convenient location for Seattle Center, the Space Needle, EMP, Science Center, etc.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	3	2	2	

<Author>BZT
<Content>Fine location, take care which room you stay in We stayed at Quality Inn and Suites, 225 N Aurora Avenue on two occasions in late August 2007. As I understand human nature, there will be different reactions to this hotel, some of which we shared. As an aside, try to get rooms on the odd # side of the house, preferably on 4th floor. Advantages are 1) view of Space Needle nearby and most importantly 2) the din from the traffic clogged Highway 29 Aurora Avenue permeates all of the even # rooms; you need to keep your A/C on just to sleep. This is a hotel that is being serially upgraded. The hot breakfast is really very nourishing and filling. Tends to be crowded at the end of the breakfast hour. Parking can be problematic; it is free but limited on site (on 1F and in basement. Parking spot is not guaranteed and you have to be creative sometimes about where you park). Location is outstanding for convenience (near Seattle Duck Tour, Seattle Center, monorail stop for access to downtown, Pike Market, etc.) As of 8/07 there was a shuttered up diner next door, the location was basically safe, looked dark and a bit forbidding coming in late at night. But this is a lively, crowded, active hotel. Long waits exist for the elevator.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>cansada
<Content>Should Have Listened Lost my online reservation and charged me twice for the room. Breakfast room turns into a cattle call and bathroom was not cleaned properly ie. shower curtain smelled of mildew. I read other reviews and refused to believe the negative comments. They were true. Do yourself a favor and don't stay.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bindrew
<Content>Was ok We spent two nights at The Quality Inn Suites before heading north toward the San Juan Islands. I chose it because it was close to Seattle Center. Our stay was pleasant, nothing fantastic. We had the King Select Suite 2.The pool was nice and the breakfast was good but the rest of the hotel was mediocre. We could tell that they did a lot of renovations to the bathrooms which was nice but the jacuzzi handle was broken so I had to call maintenance. The beds were old and a bit saggy but I could tell they were trying to keep things updated. Just not quite there yet.The hilarity was when we were ready to check out and we realized our 2-year old son had locked himself in the bedroom. He was fine (finally allowed to do what he wanted to do without us telling him no) but I think it took maintenance longer to come unlock the door than it did for them to come fix the tub handle. But, that might be b/c I was more anxious about getting the door open than having a nice bath.All in all, I probably would not stay here again. If I had gotten the room at a cheaper rate, perhaps, but not at the full price.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	2	3	3	3	1	

<Author>hotellobby
<Content>left hand doesn't know what right is doing Desk clerks were not helpful as they should of been in getting the type of room we had booked 4 month's in advance.The maids and baggage handlers were very courteous and helpful.Ricky was the only desk clerk who seemed to know what he was doing.The pool was closed the three nights we were there with promises that it would open very soon.Double room which we did not book was much nicer than the two queen bed room we did book.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	3	4	2	2	3	

<Author>Smoozie
<Content>Tiny but comfortable       The bathroom. The shower is behind the door. I couldn't get it in the shot.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	2	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DesertDweller
<Content>Great Hotel! Just returned from a 2 night stay at this property, and could not have been happier! The staff was very friendly.Check in was simple, room was spacious. Frig, coffee pot, microwave all in room. Pool, spa and free hi speed computer available in lobby. If you bring your own laptop, free wireless hi speed in room! The very best thing about this hotel is the beds...extremely comfortable mattresses, with 3 down filled pillows and down comforter! Full breakfast daily, including eggs, bacon, waffles, yogurt, danish/bagels/toast, fruit, cereals, etc....truly a feast!2 block walk to convenient store for snacks. McDonalds also about 2 blocks. Short walk to Space Needle and Mono rail to mall. Then short walk to Pikes Place Market. Can't wait to return and would not hesitate to stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>SCworldtraveller
<Content>Much more than expected! Arrived at the hotel around 9:30 am following cruise. Hotel is not far from pier 66, but if you arrive by car and are not familiar with the roadway system getting to it may be a little daunting. Spotted it easily from the highway, but there aren't any turn-offs to get to it. You must drive down a distance( around 45th street), and then turn right in order to get back onto 99/Aurora St. going south. Once you do that the hotel is on the right about 3 miles up.Check-in was easy, although they didn't have any rooms available when we arrived, they will check your luggage. Received our parking placard, parked in their parking lot(free), then proceeded to walk 3-4 level blocks to the Space Needle, Experience Music Project(EMP), Pacific Science Museum. Once there you can take the monorail($2-adults, 0.75-youths) to downtown. Walk 2-3 blocks downhill to Pikes Public Market and waterfront. We were told that Pioneer's Square is not far from there, but since it was raining, we decided to go back. With all that said, I believe the hotel is in a great location.  Front desk friendly and helpful, coffee in lobby, pool, hot tub and sauna open 24 hours. Our room was a 2 double economy size which was adequate for our needs (2adults, 2teen-age boys and 1-2 medium sized pieces of luggage). Bathroom was small, but our room, hallways,and lobby were clean. I would recommend though, if you are staying for an extended stay to opt for one of their larger rooms.Breakfast was filling ;consisting of bacon, eggs, cereal, fruit, yogourt, juices coffee, danish, bagels. cubed potatoes self-make waffles.Other than the small bathroom and slow elevators(this gave us a chance to get some well needed exercise in and take the stairs). The hotel was much more than we expected, especially for the $95/night we paid.Oh yeah, check out was a breeze. They place the bill under your door the morning of departure. If there aren't any descrepancies, you just dial 0 to let them know you are leaving.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>JMD2007
<Content>Disappointing Location Even though this hotel is less expensive than many hotels in Seattle, I don't feel like I got my money's worth. The location is not good if you are not travelling by car. It's a 25 minute walk to downtown (Pike Street) over busy streets and areas that I was not comfortable walking in alone. The hotel is right off the freeway. My room was very small and in dire need of an upgrade. Also, the hotel staff tried to convince me that a limo service was the cheapest mode of transportation to the airport when a cab is actually cheaper. I would recommend paying a bit more to stay downtown or, if you have a car, staying outside the city to get a bit more for your money.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>2	1	2	1	3	1	-1	-1	

<Author>mocky
<Content>Not Recommended!! Upon arrival parked in parking garage. Elevator was out of order (had to go to an outside elevator any time we wanted to leave or get back up to our room). Upon check in discovered POOL was out of order. This was a weekend stay and the pool was OUT OF ORDER?? PUH-LEEZ!!! Room was TINY. Was a smoking room but had to call desk for ashtrays!Bed was hard and HIGHLY uncomfortable (with 2 dips in the mattress - not just one! Probably there since hotel opened!)! No heat in the bathroom but there WAS a gob of hair on the edge of the tub and on the floor mat draped over the tub. No tv station guide so, being from out of town, had no idea what station was what. The only GOOD thing was their free breakfast. Not just a continental breakfast like most hotels have but a full buffet with a variety of choices right down to making your own waffles. That definitely did not make up for the negatives. Quality?? NOT!!  
<Date>Nov 21, 2006
<Rating>1	2	1	2	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>lkwok2
<Content>Loved the Service! I'm an employee for Quality Inn in Vancouver B.C. I was a bit skeptical at first for booking at this hotel. Being an employee of a hotel, you know all the good and the bad. Upon check-in, I was pleasantly surprised at the service. There was a coffee station and a view of the indoor pool where you check-in.The two gentleman (sorry, I didn't get the names) at the front desk were exceptional. They were friendly, polite and made me feel at home. Parking was a breeze and included with the price! (Considering this hotel is downtown and central to most attractions. Most downtown hotels in major cities charge ridiculous prices). The covered parking was a bit dim and the parking gates were wide open. The elevators are a bit slow, so I opted for the stairs instead.My room was great! However, my key cards didn't work, but the staff fixed the problem right way. I was suprised the room provided a fridge at no extra cost. The beds were comfortable and clean. (I could not find one piece of hair!) The shower was nice and hot and the pressure was strong. I requested an ironing board and it came within 5 minutes.I didn't take advantage of the breakfast or other amenities, there was just too much to do in Seattle than to stay in my room!Overall, this hotel was superb for the value and quality. The service made my stay a memorable one. They never once hesistated to answer my questions.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>myassesdragon
<Content>A variety of room sizes so look at it B4 you sign in! We should have asked Ricky the check-in clerk to show us the room he intended to give us before we signed for it. And we should have come right back downstairs and asked for a standard size room to replace the assigned closet size one. Although it was a quiet, non-smoking room with 2 beds as requested, our room 329 had almost zero floor space. No round table, no two chairs, no desk, no desk chair, no luggage rack, a very dinky sink counter left no room for toiletry kits, only one night stand for 2 queen beds, the 2 lamps (for the whole room) each had only an 18 watt compact flourescent bulb, closet pole 18 long. I kid you not when I say there was only 24 inches of floor space between the foot of the bed(s) and the dresser. BUT room 316 (with its door open for mtce), was a typical, 2 double bed room with all the furniture that was not in our room 329 plus a much larger sink counter and plenty of floor space. So this property DOES have larger rooms; ask Emily to give you one! Hot breakfast = A-; location = B+; property condition = B. We booked online with ChoiceHotels.com using our airline industry discount, $64/night + 16% tax during rainy, chilly, uncrowded early November 2006. Yes, we would return, as I now know the ropes!  
<Date>Nov 8, 2006
<Rating>3	4	2	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Aviatorstarboy
<Content>WOW Well done! Cool hotel! Great amenities, Pool, whirlpool, sauna, fitness room, and Fantastic breakfast! WOW the best we have ever had at any hotel with a free breakfast. Excellent and fast check in and out, great location, and parking was a bit tight, but we succeeded!We would definitly stay here again!  
<Date>Oct 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>bioblond
<Content>Not many complaints - overall good hotel! Bear with me - long review... but detailed for those who care!!!To start off, we looked for a hotel in downtown Seattle for we were going to the International District (Chinatown) for four days. My main preference was to have an indoor pool (who knows what the weather will do, so you can't go wrong with that,) and our budget was under $125/night. We got a deal of $100/night at Hotels.com and they indeed had an indoor pool. I've had interesting experiences renting hotels from just seeing websites, and this one was one of those times. The parking is BiZaRRe - not only does MapQuest or RandMcNally.com tell you they can't find it on the map, but if you find it yourself while driving around you only have 2 ways to enter the lot... if you overshoot the entrance then you end up on the frickin' highway. Moving on... check-in was crazy... a TON of people were having problems checking in (from online reservations of all things) and surprisingly when it was our turn they found our reservation easy and got us a parking permit and 2 keys without a problem. However, we booked a king and got to the room and it was 2 doubles, and 1 key didn't work. Bleh... I was tired and my husband and I just took advantage of more space and slept on the separate beds instead of stand in line to complain about that error. Bathroom was good, carpet was ok - not the horrible conditions I expected when reading everyone else's reviews. Thought maybe I'd have a view from the window, but all I got was a lovely view of the Travelodge right behind us (teeny tiny view of the Space Needle if you look at the right angle.) Definitely within walking distance to the Space Needle and only a few blocks to restaurants, the malls/stores downtown, and only a few (drivable) neighborhoods away from the International District. The pool's location isn't that great - right behind the hotel lobby (so much for privacy.) But the pool is really clean, and the adjacent hot tub was nice - could easily fit 8 (10 kids probably.) We opted for dim sum downtown every morning, but the one morning I decided to check out the breakfast I saw a pretty decent spread - lots of fresh bagels, huge fresh muffins, a juice machine, coffee, yoplait yogurt cups, and I saw them putting away eggs and turning off the waffle machine - and that's a lot of good food in my opinion. Overall, I'd give it an 8 out of 10 - only an 8 because they did screw up the room and the parking sucked - if there were no vacancies then there wouldn't be enough spots - good luck on the street. The Holiday Inn Express across the Street had the same parking issues, and the Travelodge behind us looked 4x more run down than where we stayed. But for the money and the indoor pool and the breakfast and location, I really don't have any major complaints.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2006
<Rating>2	4	3	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>db2
<Content>small  This place was a dump. The room was small, beds were uncomfortable  low to the ground, the carpet was gross, the noise from the street was constant and the night stand looked like it was picked up at a garage sale. Sorry we missed the breakfast everyone raves about. It was within walking distance to many sites. College kids would do well here, not recommended for a family stay.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	3	3	-1	

<Author>litlecuz
<Content>Worth the price This hotel was much better than expected. After seeing bad reviews i was quite surprised. The staff was very helpful. The food in the morning was better than expected. The neighborhood is a typical for a city this size. It is about a three block walk to the space needle. Never had a problem getting a parking spot, stayed for a week. The only problem was that the room was not very big.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	2	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>Buckeye582
<Content>Better than expected We were a bit disappointed at check-in. The lobby was rowdy and mistakes had been made with our reservation, but our patience paid off. The room , although small, was clean. We were on the Aurora Ave side, but heard no noise through the night. Slept quite well in fact. This is obviously an older hotel, so if you are going to Seattle to spend your time in a hotel, this would not be your choice. But if, like us, you need a convenient place to sleep, I would recommend it.The excellent breakfast every morning could cover a multitude of sins. There is no line if you go early. Hotel is very conveniently located. We walked everywhere. We received an excellent rate booking through Expedia.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	2	3	4	

<Author>travlr
<Content>OK at the price Older hotel, somewhat run down. Our check in was quick. Our room had a king bed and was very, very small. The A/C was very noisy. Good breakfast, but dining area grungy looking.Hotel plus, it is convenient to the Space Needle.Their transport to Safeco Field is small shuttle bus, we were told it could handle 14 passengers. After realizing that it could not hold the crowd waiting we had the hotel call us a cab - never saw the shuttle in a 35 minute wait. It is a slow trip to the game at rush hour, don't see how the shuttle can make many trips back and forth.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>TealFC
<Content>Avoid at All Costs This place is a nightmare! It is understaffed and messy. When we arrived around 10 PM, guests were three deep at the front desk, the telephone was continually ringing, and there was only one employee. We later found out that this lone employee had only been hired a week ago. While our room was clean, the medicinal smell from the cleaning fluids was overwhelming. The hallways and elevator were dirty and littered. This place has absolutely no appeal and not anywhere close to being worth $140.00 per night.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rejsende
<Content>Great value We stayed for 3 nights at the Quality Inn  Suites. We had a newly renovated room with a complete kitchen - even a dishwasher. The room was huge with plenty of space for a family with 2 teenage children and the children loved the pool. Even if it is not right in the city center it is close enough to walk to Pike Place market and only a few minutes walk to the space needle. We found the hotel clean and the staff friendly.The breakfast was good with fresh fruit and wafles, but the set up not very practical causing a long line from 8.30 onwards. All in all very good value for the money.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Huge disappointment! Spent the weekend as a girls weekend/Mom's weekend away. Plans included relaxing  shopping. Unfortunately there was no relaxing to be done at the hotel. It began with our reservation for two queens. When we arrived in the tiny room, we had two doubles. There was hardly room to walk around the beds, in fact the tv stand didn't even fit at the end of the bed, so they have it in the corner. The bathroom was tiny and with four ladies, the two sets of towels didn't cut it. We requested more towels and they never came. Saturday I wrote a note in English and Spanish requesting four sets of towels and left it in the room and that did the trick. We asked the front desk to call a cab and after waiting 20 minutes went back inside to confirm that they had called, and they forgot. (We were standing right outside their glass window.) The breakfast was only open 7-9am and there was a line snaking down the hall along with the tiny room bulging with people so we didn't attempt it. Upon arrival the shower had hair in it, and we had two used cups in the bathroom. The bedding was almost dirty appearing. Really dingy and scratchy. Old, flat pillows. We attempted to use the hot tub and it had a green film on the wall, along with about 4 inches of soapy bubbles. I reported to the front desk and was told that she told maintenance to take care of it a week ago. I do not believe it was sanitary, and therefore should not have been open. The hotel in on a highway, and does not represent their website's pictures in the slightest manner! Enough of my complaining, a huge disappointment (at $100 a night).  
<Date>Jul 10, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Avoid this hotel! I recently stayed at the Quality Inn  Suites Seattle and was hugely disappointed. Place advertises parking, but the number of parking spots were limited (on a first come first serve basis, with available spots located in a dark scary basement). We had paid for a non-smoking room yet the room we were given had clouds of smoke still lingering along with numerous cigarette burns on the bed blankets! We assertively requested another room yet this new one had clearly not been cleaned as there was food still left on the dirty carpet floor. We were told there were no other rooms available. Elevators are limited and smelly. Breakfast room had seating for only say 20 people, so this forced people to wait in a long line that wound all the way back to the poolside area (many like us gave up and went elsewhere). Hotel was clearly understaffed; we waited 10-15 minutes for a staff member to assist us when arriving and trying to check in. Staff were friendly, but themselves seemed frustrated by the chaotic environment of the hotel. Take our advice and go elsewhere!  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gordon fan
<Content>An ok hotel After reading some not so great reviews, this hotel wasn't too bad. My boyfriend and I were with his family (we had a total of 3 rooms) who of course had better rooms than us but that's ok. Our room however had peeling wallpaper and a crack in the wall, but otherwise was pretty clean. We were in the back so we didn't hear any highway noise like people spoke about in previous reviews. One thing I didn't like about our room was that the one and only mirror was in the bathroom above the sink which made for a pain when I was getting ready. The other rooms had the sink and mirror outside the bathroom. The breakfast was good just crowded and the elevator worked while we were there unlike previous reviews mentioned. The Space Needle is literally 3 blocks from the hotel which is nice and the area seemed ok not too seedy, but we weren't out late so I'm not sure how it was after 11:00. It was ok for one night but I probably wouldn't stay here again, I'd spend the extra money for a better place.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>eastvillagegal
<Content>Not Worth the Money! Reasons why it sucked:1. the room smelled2. the front desk was not helpful at all when it came to tourist advice 3. it is right off the highway4. the immediate area around the hotel is very sketchy5. I questioned the cleanliness of the hotel constantlyReasons why it's ok:1. about a 5 minute walk from the space needle2. breakfast looked ok, although I never tried itOverall, I'm a budget traveller and $107/night is a lot of for me. It was ok because of its proximity to the tourist area, but they shouldn't be able to get away with such aweful rooms for so much a night.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great pool, better staff, best breakfast The free breakfast was the best breakfast I've had at a hotel, including full-service hotels where you have to pay! It topped off a great stay that I was worried would be doomed from the start. It didn't begin so great because Mapquest gave me impossible directions. DON'T TAKE 99 TO GET THERE! I had to call the hotel and the guy at the front desk got me back on track, he seemed like he'd done that a lot before. Keeping the pool  hot tub open 24 hours was a nice touch, too. Staff was on top of things- when they initially ran out of pool towels the staff ended up coming out from the desk  bringing replacements right out of the dryer to me!  
<Date>May 8, 2006
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Truly a dive, and I don't mean the pool area The neighborhood wasn't very good, and didn't seem real safe. It is literally on the corner of a street also known as a highway, and traffic noise was loud. Our room had a sliding door in it out to the balcony (we were on the 3rd floor). The balcony was only about 2-3 feet wide, and overlooked the traffic and the roof below. This sliding door was broken and I couldn't lock it. We didn't want to leave any doors unlocked in that neighborhood. It must have been broken for awhile, because there was a wooden dowel in the slider to keep it closed. I expect more than a 39 cent wooden stick to secure the place for what I paid for that room. It was over $100 for that night even after they made an adjustment for the broken door and noise inconvenience. The roof below is open at night so people can go out there and smoke/party/whatever. Some girls were giggling and screaming most of the night. The elevator was broken and out of order. The room was depressing looking, as was the whole place. The breakfast in the morning was boring and tasteless. I could have gotten a better one at the local 7-11. On the bright side, at least now I know where NOT to stay when I go back.  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>alex197630
<Content>good for travelers on a budget positives: great breakfast buffet, quiet room(i was not facing the highway though), price($71), location in citynegatives: hotel could use some renovation, breakfast room way too small, elevators not all working.  the room and dining room were clean. the pool area was questionable, it just seemed old and overly used and in a terrible location (right off the lobby) definitely not a luxury hotel, and i would hate to stay there during busier times. but a decent choice for those on a budget.  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>HORRIBLE!! The worst lodging experience of my life. We (my husband and two of our children) booked and scheduled a late check-in after the Seattle AMA Supercross. The initial check-in was good then it all went down hill from there!! There was no parking available at all so the desk clerk told us his shift was over in 5 minutes and told us where he was parked so we could take his parking space when he left. We went to our car and pulled off to the side next to his car and waited in the car (with kids that had to pee!) for 45 MINUTES for his shift to be over. When he finally left, he came out with another guest and gave the parking spot to them. We questioned him and reminded him he had offered the spot to us and said oh, well I decided to give the spot to these people instead. The other desk clerk was rude and no help either. Her response was that we would just have to drive around downtown Seattle until we found somewhere to park. There were 12 other guests checking in after the Supercross as well that were all complaining of the same problem and not getting any help or alternative suggestions. The group of unhappy guests finally took it upon themselves to double park in the hotell parking lot after approximately an hour (which made it about midnight!) of frustration.When we finally got to our room, it was tiny and didn't have the amenities they had listed on the hotels.com web site. There were two used water cups left in the room that room service didn't clean up and no clean cups for water or coffee. The rest of the room was clean though.Then, if the check-in wasn't bad enough, we were awakened at 4am to a HUGE fight in the hallway between what sounded to be guests and hotel staff. It went on for about 20 minutes and got heated enough that I was afraid to go to the door and ask if they would keep the noise down. I was very fearful that it was going to turn violent.We were awakened again about 8am by noisy neighbors. The walls seem to be very thin and not noise proof at all. There was a coffee pot in the room but no coffee, creamer, cups, etc. There wasn't even a water cup in the room so that we could get a drink of water or take medicine. When we went to take a shower, we found a used wash cloth left hanging over the shower rail.All in all, the stay was miserable. I wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone. The rooms were tiny, the walls were thin, there was no parking available anywhere and the attitudes of the night staff was rude and disrespectful. I don't stay out of town often so I don't have high expectations at all but this stay didn't even come close to meeting our expectations.  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>1	3	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>dmills1956
<Content>Could use some upgrading Stayed here for two nights while attending an event at a neighboring hotel.I was able to find parking when I arrived on Friday afternoon.Check-in was a little inefficient as the person who was checking me in kept running to the back room for instructions... then referred to a paper list for what rooms were available for the bed type (King) that I'd selected.Received two keycards and proceeded to the 3rd floor. Neither keycard opened the door. Returned to front desk where they re-encoded the keycards and gave me a regular key.Neither keycard worked, but the key did.King bed took up most of the room. There was room for a nightstand on both sides and then a desk on one side. TV armoire was in the corner, but the drawers were difficult to open.They need to buy sheets that fit the beds.. the fitted sheet on the bottom kept slipping off during the night.There was free wireless internet available and it worked fine the whole weekend.Breakfast was most excellent... best hotel breakfast I've had in a while.Saturday night I got the last parking spot in the north end parking area.I paid $70 plus tax per night. I would stay here again for that price... but would look elsewhere if it was priced higher....  
<Date>Apr 27, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MSWMom50
<Content>Can't Recommend My husband and I stayed at Quality Inn Seattle in April 2006 for two nights. We had intended to stay four nights but had to leave early due to illness. We plan to return to Seattle next year but I would not stay at this hotel again. It was quite shabby both outside and in and it does not appear that the hotel is kept up very well. I did not realize that the hotel was so close to busy roads and the window of our room looked out over the highway traffic. The room was very small, cramped with the bed taking up all of the space. The room was barely clean, not well furnished, the mattress old and the bedding sparse. We found the room to be rather depressing and the bathroom was also small. The elevators were unreliable. Although the parking was free, hotel staff could not guarantee that we would have a space if we left with our car and returned. This made us feel nervous about leaving the hotel with our car. The breakfast was very plentiful, more choices of food than I've seen at most hotels but the room was very crowded, unpleasant looking and it was difficult to manuever around everything. The layout of the hotel is awkward as well. It appears that the hotel needs a complete renovation. I learned a lesson from staying here that in the future I will pay an extra $20.00+ per night if necessary and stay in a place that has a clean, attractive and cheery atmosphere with rooms large enough to move around in. I did appreciate that when we had to check out of the hotel earlier than planned, we were not charged for the two nights we had planned to stay.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>hazelhazel
<Content>Best buffet breakfast ever We stayed one night, so we won't complain. The room was small for a family of four, but only $70. The bathroom tiny.The pool was fine, but the hot tub was not functioning. Free parking, suitable location right near the Space Needle. The breakfast was the best of the best. That was probably worth about $50 alone! More food than you could imagine. We even made our own waffles. The best.Come for the price. Come for the breakfast. Come for the free parking. With all the amenities, we can't complain.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No internet service as stated... 1st. No internet connection like it was hyped up to be free?.2nd. When I called to tell them this they refered me to some 1-866 number that told me to install a disk that will allow my ethernet to connect to the dsl they use?.3rd. That was nonsense and just a runaround...4th. The rooms were hollow to a point I could hear the people next to me make loud noise which were intimate in a sense ALL NITE LONG...5th. When I tried to call them to get a wake up call they forgot?  
<Date>Apr 2, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ydnar
<Content>Very Close to the Space Needle... Basically we wanted the closest budget hotel/motel to Seattle Center that had free parking AND a free breakfast; these two features are worth probably $30/day alone (for a family of 4).Parking was not a problem and there were a limited number of covered spaces as well. The breakfast is a full buffet and tends to get very busy about 45 minutes before closing (0930). Coffee is good, and bacon, eggs, hashbrowns, etc. make it worth the 5-10 minute wait.The indoor pool/hot tub is nice, especially with kids, and is open 24/7.The rooms are a little tired but include a fridge and microwave.Location is great - maybe 5 minutes to the Space Needle. You can walk to the Pike Place Market as well in 20-25 minutes or so.The only real downside to this property is its age, though they were renovating while we were there. The pool area and halls didn't seem particularly clean but it wasn't really a problem. I have seen comments about no restaurants close by but there is a full food court near the Space Needle that was open until 7 p.m. while we were there. We also walked downtown to numerous restaurants (20 minutes) but could have taken the free bus if the weather was bad. McDonald's is only a couple blocks away as well...All in all, not a bad deal for the location. Honestly, if you are a tourist on a budget then why would you want to spend 2 or 3 times as much for a fancy property? Spend the money on a nice restaurant, the local attractions or whatever!  
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>You get what you pay for If we had spent an extra $20 per night we would have stayed in $100 worth of a better hotel. Our family of 4 booked this hotel because it looked like good value and had a nice looking pool (on the website).At $86 cdn per night, we really did get just what we paid for. We might have saved $20 each mornig at the complimentary breakfast, so that didn't leave a lot of wiggle room for the facility to provide the little things that make the stay pleasant.We never did swim in the pool, it wasn't very inviting in person. Its location, next to the lobby separated the lobby from the rest of the main floor the windows looked out onto the adjacent freeway. Staff and guests would regularly walk through on the deck in street shoes to get to the other side of the building. The hot tub was a residential type, placed on top of the pool deck. There are no changerooms.Our room was very small, beds and pillows were old. the temperature is controlled by a loud A/C unit.The Bathroom had recently been given a makeover. I was looking longingly out our window at the Holiday Inn Express across the street.The location was good for access to Seattle Center, but a $7 cab ride was required to get downtown or out to eat. It's also dificult for cabs to access because its on the southbound side of Hiway 99.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Decent and great location We used this hotel for a trip to the Nutcracker. I thought it smelled like old chinese food but the the pool, breakfast, and service was really good. The rate was good too considering we had 5 girls. I would say average.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worst Ever! The rooms were old, worn out and dirty. We were in the honeymoon suite and every time you shut the door the metal utility door fell off the hottub. I don't know if they have ever cleaned the carpets, our socks were black on the bottom in less than five minutes. None of the cleaning staff spoke any english and just forget about getting any help from the front desk. Half way through our stay I requested a list of the hotel charges to date and was told that the accountant does that and I would have to wait until the next day when they came in ( I guess they just didn't know how to do it and couldn't think up a better lie). The breakfast was good, however not nearly good enought to justify the rest of the nonsense. Save yourself the trouble and stay elsewhere.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2005
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>tsl1965
<Content>Good value motor lodge I stayed here 1 Saturday night. This is definitely not a Hyatt Regency (where I stayed on business the night before), but it is good value for its class - it is conveniently located, clean, comfortable and affordably priced. This is an updated 1960s motor lodge - about 150 rooms on 3 floors, with plentiful free parking on the ground and lower levels. The desk clerk graciously gave me a complementary upgrade from a king room to a double queen room, when I asked to be on the back side of the hotel. The room was good sized, clean and comfortable. The decor was simple and bland, but the furniture was solid wood. The bathroom was small, but both the floor and one-piece bathtub set appeared brand new. The only downsides were that the small window unit didn't cool or warm the room very quickly, and the small window just looked onto the Travelodge next door. There is a free hot breakfast with eggs, bacon, sausage and fresh waffles. The motel is right between the Holiday Inn and HI Express (on the other side of highway 99) and the Travelodge and Best Western. Route 99 can be busy and loud at times, and the area is a bit deserted but safe at night. The hotel is 3 blocks from the Space Needle, but there are no restaurants or much of anything in the area. Nice place to stay if you are just looking for a place to sleep while seeing Seattle.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Spokane203
<Content>Nice clean hotel at great price! This is not the Grand Hyatt, but it doesn't cost an arm and a leg either! A good convenient location, within walking distance of all neighborhoods, a clean room, great staff, very good free breakfast, free parking. With advance planning, I was able to stay for $53 a night, which included covered parking and a full breakfast. I never moved my car; I used the free bus service (only 4-5 blocks away) or walked. It was great!!Quality Inn is to be commended on their hard work in making this a pleasant option for reasonably-priced accomodation in Seattle. These are not luxury rooms, but clean and comfortable. No complaints from me; I will stay here again!!  
<Date>Oct 24, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>teddy1000
<Content>Definite Improvement This place is definitely on the up  up. I always stay here when I come to town (twice a year) mainly for the pool, breakfast,  free parking. Sure, it's an older hotel, but I'd never been choosy otherwise because the good outweighed the bad  it's under $100. Lately I've noticed the improvements as they've remodeled, and the desk staff doesn't get beat up anymore by people with their picky problems. (Seriously people, your life is not going to end if your TV is fuzzy. Quit freaking out on the kid at the desk.) I met the new manager at breakfast and mentioned this, and he upgraded my room to a suite! That's style. This place is definitely heading in the right direction.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>yankeejones
<Content>Great value!!! I don't understand all the negative reviews. We stayed 3 nights there last week and we thought for the price and location it was a pretty great value. It's located 3 blocks from the Space Needle, where you can catch the monorail and be right downtown in a few minutes. The parking is off-street and free. The staff was absolutely wonderful, the rooms were clean and spacious. The beds are comfortable and they have a large indoor pool. I was also surprised by the free breakfast. I was expecting cereal and rolls and instead they actually have a full, hot breakfast. We are looking forward to our next stay there.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What A Dump! We booked this hotel because it offered free off-street parking and was near the Space Needle.When we arrived they didn't have our reservation because their FAX machine was broken. (That should have been our first hint.)Only one elevator was working; and from the sound of it, that was iffy. We often shared the ride with cleaning people and dirty linens.The room was small and barren. (I've stayed in boutique hotels for less.)After the first day our room key did not work. I guess no one could stand this place for more than that. The dining area for the Comp breakfast was understaffed and unclean.The entire hotel seemed to be in some sort of repair of disrepair. The front desk personnel were pleasant, but useless. They were always making excuses for bad service. There was always a guest there complaining about something. Even the snack and soda machines did not work.The really disturbing point is that Cruise lines and Travel agents are sending their clients there. They should be warned.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Comoxbox
<Content>Breakfast Was Great We were satisfied with this hotel. The front desk staff was great. We were there before noon (we didn't realize how close Bellingham was!) and were still able to get our room. Later on, when we were asking directions to the Zoo, the clerk offered us her own personal coupons for the Zoo!The room was quite small with not a lot of extra room. There was also an extra chair in the room that was rather rickety, but we took a chance and sat in it anyway. There was enough room though for the four of us (two adults and two children). The room was clean enough and there were lots of supplies in the bathroom. Our room looked over Highway 99, but the noise was not too bad. The hotel is in a great location - just a short walk to the Space Needle, Seattle Centre and the monorail that will take you to downtown.I think Quality has just recently bought this hotel as there seem to be renovations going on. While we were there, maintenance was being done on the hottub. The breakfast was amazing. We knew that breakfast was provided and were expecting muffins, cereal and maybe fruit. We couldn't believe it when we walked in to scrambled eggs, bacon, sausauge, bagels, toast, cereal, do-it-yourself waffles and a variety of beverages. We were able to get a table (it was between 8 and 8:30 am). It seemed to be getting quite crowded but then we noticed that they had also opened an additional conference room for more people and it was still empty.We would probably stay here again, particularly if we wanted to partake of the attractions at Seattle Centre.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrible stay, stolen credit card number Not only did my credit card number coincidentally get stolen the day after our stay, the hotel did not meet my expectations. But then, for the cheap rate, I should have known. I will never stay there again!  
<Date>Jul 18, 2005
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Seedy I was surprised to learn from the other reviews that the hotel had recently been remodeled, because my first reaction upon checking in was that it seemed outdated. Perhaps we were put in one of the older rooms. The elevator was sketchy, the halls were dark and scary and had people just hanging out in them chatting (late at night), and the room was dirty. I don't think the sheets had been washed--seriously. And there was a hole burned by a cigarette in the comforter (in a non-smoking room). Hair in the beds and bathroom. We begged the front desk clerk for mercy and changed hotels before even unpacking.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>If you have kids- stay here! This hotel is in a great location and is very reasonably priced. Staff was very friendly and recommended a wonderful pizza place (Milano's) that delivers in 35 min. They also give great directions! If you have kids, they'll love the pool/ hot tub and make your own waffles at breakfast! It's about 3 blocks from the space needle where you can catch the monorail to go downtown. This makes everything within walking distance for a family. I would definately stay here again.   
<Date>Feb 12, 2005
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>rincon1855
<Content>Great Price and Great Location This is just a average hotel. Our Room was very clean and the staff was very helpful. 3 blocks from seattle center made it easy to get around without a car. I will stay here again with my family.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2005
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>So much better I stayed a few years ago and it was not that great, I decided to give it another try and was very happy!! Other then the cold lobby, everything else was wonderful!!  
<Date>Jan 18, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worth less than the low price The staff tried hard, the high speed internet is great, (I am writing you from the room) but otherwise, bad news. One of 3 evelator works, some of the time; they didn't make up our room today; the free breakfast was fine but the line was out the door to get to it. The listing on the net said there was a workout room but it is closed. We actually had to complain and switch rooms to get the internet; the web site implied every room but, not yet. The price was great but I fear it didn't buy much.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not recommended   showReview(2507707, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would Stay Again   showReview(2497003, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Cramped quarters   showReview(2439181, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 10, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrible service   showReview(2439006, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 10, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Do NOT stay here!!   showReview(1723820, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 13, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Do not book a room here!   showReview(1619610, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 29, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Do Not Stay at this hotel   showReview(1230187, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 17, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good for the price   showReview(1151101, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 29, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Best Value Seattle Inn   showReview(717896, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 16, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sleepless in Seattle Inn   showReview(681940, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2002
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>
<Content>   showReview(19562578, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>3	5	4	3	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ein echter Tipp in Seattle   showReview(18531100, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>?#x201d;   showReview(19164815, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

