<Author>ilovemyboys9404
<Content>Adolphus is our favorite hotel in Dallas We stay at the Adolphus at least 6 times per year!! We have stayed in most of the nice hotels in Dallas, as well as other major cities in the U.S. and the Adolphus is by far, our very favorite hotel. From the unique atmosphere, location and service, to the wonderful food and impeccably clean rooms, the Adolphus remains the nicest hotel in Dallas as far as my husband and I are concerned.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kenyonmartin2003
<Content>Nice Hotel and Staff -- If its your taste I stayed for five days. Very convenient to downtown. One of the darkest lobbies i have ever seen. Dark wood. No lighting.The rooms are huge but dated. Small TV's 40 feet from the bed (pet peeve).The staff was very nice and helpful. Id stay there again -- except -- it fell short in certain ways.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>Patricks_Dad
<Content>Great Staff ... despite everything else!! First off - this Hotel is not remotely located near to anything of interest to the traveller except 6th-Floor Museum. That maybe makes it a Hotel that trades on the Kennedy assassination as a tourist/traveller feature, which tourists/travellers maybe need to consider,.We checked in on Oct 11th '08, having booked this 3-nite stay as a highlight of our 12 night trip to Texas (in my own mind!).The room was hopeless. There was 3 of us (Mum/Dad/Daughter ... all adults, as indicated on e-mail booking, and phone call) - the 2 beds were poor (comfort-wise) the sheets were marked on one bed (looked as though someone had stepped on them in the laundry!) and the blanket on the other bed had a brown stain on it (not that! - would likely have been bleach), the ironing board and iron WERE filthy, and the shower gel container was half-full (why bother at all, we wondered - if you're gonna do it, then do it?). Anyway, a grumble to Reception got us another room - more space, but same crumby kind of beds. Throughout our stay, the staff were fantastic - valet, reception, bistro, rodeo grill, ... all great. We had the feeling that they were lions who were being led by donkeys !!!  
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	3	1	5	5	-1	

<Author>motleyangel
<Content>Was perfect for my stay I had a great time staying at the Adolphus around New Year. It was in an ideal location for my stay and the staff were very friendly, particularly the bellmen and a technician who came to help with the dvd player in my room (there was a slight problem with it but nothing major.) The hotel was very helpful when the airline temporarily lost one of my cases and made sure it was returned to me safely. One bellman in particular, who I believe may be the one noted in other reviews, was especially sweet, chatting to me and helping me out a lot. I'm bemused by the comments that you could hear things through the walls/ceiling as I didn't find this to be the case at all. I was on around the 14th floor I think, definitely quite high, and I didn't experience this. There may have been some noise through the windows but as I live on a main road back home in England I'm so accustomed to the noise of traffic and people at night that I don't really notice. It was certainly not distracting and did not affect my sleep at all. Room service food was pricey but this is true of many hotels and I only needed to use it once during my week long stay. The food was warming and hearty, and the lady who brought it was very polite. We ate once in the dining room (not the French room or the Rodeo Bar) and the food was fine. Overall I had a lovely stay. My room did not have a musty smell, and was bright and clean. The only negative point I would say is that we did have some experience of the extra charge anomalies that some reviewers have mentioned - the hotel tried to charge again for valet parking when the final bill was settled but these charges had already been paid on a daily basis. However it took just a minute for me to explain, the situation to be rectified and the bill to be correct. I would definitely stay here again if was suitable for my circumstances. I splashed out on a stay there because the location etc were helpful to me as a lone traveller (I am returning to Dallas next month and staying in different hotel because of a different situation) but generally speaking there are probably hotels with better amenities (pool etc). Overall I would admit that although it is lovely it's perhaps not 'luxury' in the way that word might imply but I did not encounter the negatives others have cited and thoroughly enjoyed my stay.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>melargo
<Content>Elegant...Historical...       king size bed...  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>justjennifer
<Content>Comfortable Stay, Nice Amenities Definitely a luxury hotel. Nice linens and formal style accommodations. Spacious bathroom with nice toiletries. Very large walk-in closet with drawers for clothing items.Our room was a suite with comfortable, cozy seating for t.v. viewing. Room service was prompt and friendly (however, became ill to some bad shrimp cocktail--so I'd not recommend ordering that).French Room downstairs was lovely (peeked in, not properly attired to dine there that night). Ate a cafe nearby within the hotel. Food was ok, but not spectacular.If you're not used to city noise, then I would suggest asking for a room on the inside rather than facing out as I heard street noise most of the night during our weekend stay.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>cowboyUK
<Content>Opluent Surroundings A really beautiful hotel, incredible opluence. The feel of the hotel is very good, you feel like you are getting a high quality product. The costs are reflective of that premium service, but a good place to stay in Dallas if you want to push the boat out.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Travelgirl7824
<Content>The Best in Dallas I stayed at the Adolphus for the first time back in May for a business meeting. As a meeting planner, I travel to many cities and stay at wonderful hotels. I have to say, The Adolphus has quickly become one of my top favorites.The location is great and near local attractions (the flagship Neiman-Marcus is just a block or two down the street). The staff is professional but shows that famous Texan hospitality and are always available. My bedroom was gorgeous and roomy. Meeting rooms were comfortable (the interior rooms were a little dark since there were no windows). Complimentary wireless in the lobby and throughout the hotel (oddly enough, we did have to pay for a connection in our onsite work office). Room rates were very reasonable.I hope to come back to The Adolphus many more times - not just for work but for pleasure. Outstanding!  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>travel4workAA
<Content>clean, but thin walls This is a very historic, fancy hotel. The location is good and it was verey clean, but it is also old. This means that the walls are very thin and you can hear everything in the halls and the rooms around you. This hotel just gave me the creaps, too. Like I was in the Shining. Also not very handicaped accessible.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kkbenton
<Content>Nice, but not all that I stayed at the Adolphus for 5 nights while working downtown. The hotel is very nice and the staff was friendly. The room was huge and decorated in a sort of antique-looking style. It seemed a bit dated for a highly rated hotel. Pros - nice room for the price on priceline - $130. Convenient for working downtown. There's a starbucks next door. The rooms were also very quiet and the bed and linens comfortable.Cons - I was charged for items from the mini bar when I didn't use anything - I couldn't get it resolved because the direct line to the hotel constantly gave a busy signal. Valet parking is $20/day plus tip and I had to go out to the garage to get my car - I thought the idea was they brought the car to the front to you. This is pretty much the going rate for parking, but it adds up as part of the total stay price. Most of the restaurants in that area only offer lunch service, such as Jason's Deli and Galilee. Unless you are looking for a $30+ sit down meal, there aren't many options. The Interurban cafe and Campisi's were the best options.Overall, I would stay here again if the price was right.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	5	4	3	3	

<Author>MacandL
<Content>Beautiful My wife and I booked four nights at the Adolphus for our wedding anniversary. The hotel is beautiful and the staff are amazing. We were in a standard room and it surpassed all expectations. For a historic hotel, this property provides an unbeatable experience.The only complaint, if you park on site, you have no choice but valet.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>sakio
<Content>A terrific place to stay in Dallas. Whenever I go to Dallas on business, I stay here. I picked this hotel the first time because of the location (the downstairs lobby connects to my company's Dallas office, convenient to say the least). Now I stay there because I really like the rooms.First of all, this is an old and elegant hotel. The lobby pretty much tells you what you should expect from the rest of your stay.The rooms are large compared to many business hotels in NYC or Los Angeles, maybe everything is bigger in Texas after all. The decor is a little surprising when you enter because the rest of the hotel has that old elegance. The rooms have an incredibly light and warm design that makes you feel like you are in one of those resort hotels on the Gulf Coast of Florida with a lot of pastels.The amenities are what you would expect from a decent hotel but what really sold me on this hotel is the peace and quiet. I know I've stayed at this hotel in January and in September, but it never seems to be full. I almost never see any other guests, and I never, ever hear them. Talk about a place you can have a good night's sleep.The one advice I have is to avoid the pseudo-country casual bar downstairs. The food is wretched and the drinks are nothing to talk about. Take a few steps away from the hotel and there are tons of great places to go.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>CamJones
<Content>Comfortable Hotel - Traditional Style - Friendly Staff This hotel is well located down town and the rooms are comfortable with more traditional furnishings. Shower is a little old but still does the job.The bed is very comfortable and the staff very friendly...I found it humours when I rang down for a to see if they could send me up a UK-US converter to I could plug my computer in... well they had no idea what I was asking for.. but then the lady said she would send me up this funny looking plug with strange attachments... anyway it was the converter I was hopping for.We used the bar and the lobby lounge bar...All in all a nice business hotel with good service.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	5	5	3	

<Author>LSBurdett
<Content>Another hotel that just gets it I booked a basic room at the Adolphus for a weekend based on TripAdvisor reviews and was highly pleased. This is another example of an older property that functions well and is not part of a large chain.The room itself was extra-spacious and everything was in working order. The bed was comfortable. The shower was hot with good pressure. I especially took note of how quiet the room was. I don't know if there just happened to be no occupied neighboring rooms but once I was in my room I felt like I was in a vault. The windows faced an interior court: no view, but for me much preferable to street noise.I had breakfast twice in their cafe and enjoyed it very much. The service was friendly yet perfectly efficient. I commend them for not jumping on the wasteful, poor-quality breakfast buffet bandwagon. I would much rather sit and order something than graze. I didn't eat in their fine dining room but from looking at the menu, peeking in the room and reading reviews it looks like it actually may be a place worth having a $100 meal.Other notables were swift elevators, a computer available for guests to check out online information or print out maps (although this was not working when I tried it), super-efficient check-out and free wifi (did not try to use). I don't usually use concierge services but the doorman helped me find a last-minute concert ticket and followed through as he said he would.All in all the Adoplhus provided a great stay and would definitely stay there again if I were in the area.  
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>Orchidwmn
<Content>Nice, probably not worth the price On the surface this hotel is beautiful, even if slightly dated. The lobby and main floor are especially nice, and seem to decline slightly from there. My room was very large, and nicely decorated, but there were a few problems. My room had a bath with shower and a stand alone shower, which did not work. The shower in the bath was nice. The bed and linens were great, but the TV was small, and in a strange location in the room, so it could hardly be seen from the bed. The drawers in the bureau were broken and ill fitting. The hotel provided a robe that was nice, and the toiletries were great. The hotel is right downtown, so very convenient for business, but not alot of night life in this part of town. Even most restaurants are closed for dinner, so without a cab or car you will be hoofing it quite a ways to eat anywhere but at the hotel.  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>aimsTexas
<Content>What an experience!       Double beds  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Badputtr
<Content>Great historic hotel with modern amenities I've stayed in many 'historic' hotels throughout the world. Historic at most just means old. At the Adolphus, it was a clean, restored, updated with modern amenities where necessary, and a great hotel. I had a red-eye flight into Dallas. I'd called two days before to see if I could check in early. A room was ready for me at 7:00 a.m. (without charge.) It was clean. Room service was fine (and seemed reasonably priced..)I'm a business traveler so I measure things by clean, fast internet, thick towels, good bed, and warm water. They passed on all. They shower head was adjustable and was actually unique. It sprayed directly down on top of you.I'd stay there again.  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>RandiBoles
<Content>The Adolphus was an experience of a lifetime Staying at the Adolphus was amazing. The staff was so helpful and the room was magnificent. I will never be able to stay at another hotel and be happy. The Adolphus has spoiled me.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	2	

<Author>imemine
<Content>NIce hotel - but problems with my luggage This is a wonderfully old and elegant hotel in a good location if you do business in downtown Dallas. The staff are very friendly but there were some problems...It is also close to DART and some fine restaurants. We had dinner at Charlie Palmer which is very fine dining but a bit overpriced. The rooms are spacious and clean and I had no problems with noise. Unfortunately one of the bell captains gave my bag to another guest. Fortunately the other guest realized the mistake and returned it later that day. I checked the bag with a bell captain after checking out of my room in the morning. Upon returning in the afternoon to retrieve my bag it was discovered that the bag was missing. It seemed as if nobody on staff could determine why it was missing or give me an answer as to how the problem would be resolved. Everyone was scratching their heads. Finally, security was called and I gave him my contact info but he was unable or unwilling to tell me exactly what the hotel policy and procedures were in handling missing/stolen property. This attitude was similar from the manager on duty. I was upset not just because of the contents of my bag being lost but also the luggage itself which is a new $600 Tumi bag and no one at the hotel said to me: Sir, we are going to find your bag and if we don't we will reimburse you for the loss of property. That's just common sense and good business. SO - if you don't have this kind of problem, then The Adolphus is a great hotel.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>3	3	-1	4	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>keithty
<Content>Overrated is an Understatement This is the most overrated hotel I've ever had the displeasure of staying in. We booked a suite the night of our wedding (thank god it wasn't a honeymoon situation yet, and thank god we didn't get there until late in the evening). Here's the breakdown of the major suckage;1 - one of the phones in the room didn't work2 - the carpet was coming up in several places3 - the wallpaper was peeling noticably, and there was a hole in the wall in the bathroom, about the size of a fist. Nice.. 4 - the toilet was old and goofy. Not sure why, but it was goofy.5 - the tv internet didn't work. Wireless keyboard and mouse worked. but not the service, so it kinda defeated the purpose..6 - we called house keeping to ask for a toothbrush kit. They said they would send it right up. It never came.7 - national cheerleader convention.. munchkins everywhere. noisy munchkins all over a hotel that sells itself on elegance and sophistication and history. Total nonsense.My advice.. Skip this joke of a hotel unless you get a 2-star price, and bring your 2-star expectations.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	3	2	1	1	

<Author>NeonJungle
<Content>Wonderful hotel experience. I had the pleasure of staying at the Adolphus for a work conference February 3-6. I could not have been more satisfied with this hotel -- the staff was accomodating and so pleasant, the room was spacious and well-appointed, the bed slept like a dream, and the bathroom was quite large, with both a tub/shower combination and a stand-alone shower. The decor is beautiful; I enjoyed walking around the hotel, viewing the artwork, the notes and letters in a display case authored by previous guests, and reading of the history of the hotel.During our conference we had breakfasts and lunches provided by the hotel, and the food was so far above-par ... especially the Tres Leches dessert cakes. We also rented a suite on Sunday, which had a full-sized kitchen, pool table, large patio, and big screen flat panel television, to host a SuperBowl party for our group. Wonderful.We also dined as a group at The French Room, an equally wonderfully satisfying dining experience.Because we were a group, our meeting planner was able to negotiate a very reasonable rate. I can't rate this hotel highly enough.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>foxyroxyfu
<Content>Great spot to Stay! Great hotel, ornately decorated, and very comfortable. Room was comfortable. Curled up in bed upon arriving, and had a fabulous nap in the comfortable bed. Hotel is right in the heart of downtown next to Neiman Marcus! So after my nap, I headed there to do some damage. Hotel is close to nightlife, great restaurants, and attractions. History rudely presents itself when you get on the elevator - very small! However, it's a refreshing step back in time. Treat yourself and stay at the Adolphus on your next stay in Dallas! I wish we could have spent more time there!  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Cornpopgirl
<Content>Lovely Time in Downtown Dallas For a convention, The Adolphus had special rates. Knowing the prestige of this establishment, I snatched up the rate as quickly as I could.The concierge was friendly and informative, while the bellman was witty, funny, and .. After showing me to my room and helping me with my bags, he asked if I wanted to see the Presidential suite. Though I was a little hesitant, I nodded yes and can't begin to describe that suite.Back in my own standard room, it was spacious though I felt as if I were back in the Victorian era.. just as the theme of the rest of the hotel. In the middle of downtown, your just a few blocks of wherever you need to get to. Thankfully having lived in the DFW area for a few years, I knew how to navigate downtown and found easy access to the highways.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Posada20
<Content>Top of the Line I loved the Adolphus!! I stayed for 3 nights on a business trip (was supposed to be 4 but our meetings ended early). The room was beautiful and the bed was simply amazing! So comfy it was hard to get up each morning. The counterspace in the bathroom was a little limited, but certainly not worth complaining about. The entire hotel has a very classy, old world look and feel to it, but is not outdated at all. The staff was extremely pleasant and helpful.We ate one night at the Grill. The food was good...typical pub type food. Also ordered room service for dinner one evening and it was wonderful.I would definitely stay here again for both business or pleasure.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>izzybEdmond_OK
<Content>Nice Place to Stay Stayed at the Adolphus during OU/Texas weekend. Nice hotel, rooms are comfortable - beds/bedding great. Great location downtown, close to Cotton Bowl. Very quiet hotel, valet parking only. A cafe' type restaurant open for all three meals daily and a sports bar in basement. Also afternoon high tea, for which you must have reservations. I will definitely stay again.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>Traildust
<Content>Loved this Hotel Very impressed with this old style GRAND HOTEL. Large room at a great rate, well appointed. Excellent staff especially Louis Ford in the Bristro Room, he provided outstanding service.Food is great and you most try the The French Room also.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Fishin-n-ridin
<Content>Old Charm What a gift! Our son gave us hockey tickets and a night at the Adolphus for New Years Eve. Lived in Dallas all my life but never been to the Adolphus. Built in 1912, the hotel certainly hides its age well. Room was wonderful, definitely Five Star. The staff was helpful, even though they were very busy on what is probably the busiest night of the year. I would highly recommend this hotel in the heart of the city.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	3	5	4	4	5	

<Author>havingitall
<Content>New Year's Eve Suite I was very impressed with the Adolphus. It is hands down the most visually pleasing hotel I've stayed in. My friend and I and another couple booked a suite in order to keep from driving 30 miles to my home after our New Year's Eve Bash at the Ivy Lounge. Earlier in the day prior to checking in we called to confirm our reservations and were told that we would have a suite with a King bed which wasn't what the four of us had in mind. We were told on the phone that all rooms with two beds were taken and that we would have to take the King since it was too late in the day to cancel. After some friendly negotiation by the slick salesman of the group, upon arrival they put us in a room with two beds so we had a good sleep and because of the particular package we purchased got parking and the American breakfast in the Bistro of the hotel thrown in complimentary.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>JeanneAr
<Content>great stay Stayed here for a business trip to Dallas. Room was large and well appointed. Service was friendly. Lots of things too see in the hotel and aroun. The bathroom was tiny but very pretty. The only complaint I had was we were on the 8th floor with no view.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	1	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>jenlion
<Content>Good night We were at the hotel for a company awards dinner. Our room was really nice, with two beds, a sitting area, a desk area, and nice bath. The closet was as big as many bedrooms -- plenty big enough to get dressed inside!There were some odd things. Almost every detail is seen to... but then they have these weird soap dishes in the shower. Nice tile and then this cheap piece of weird plastic that falls out every time you touch the soap. Out of place. Same thing with the bathroom crown molding. Starts and stops in strange ways.But, if I'm noticing those details, it's because everything else is exactly in place. Staff was polite and everything we needed was taken care of.The event itself was done very nicely. The food was EXCELLENT -- how often do you get that at a dinner served to more than a hundred people?? Entertainment was good too. Didn't expect that at all, honestly. Extras are expensive. You really need to valet and that costs quite a bit. Stuff like that adds up. But, all hotels like this are that way! If I was looking to stay somewhere nice downtown, I'd stay here again if I wasn't so cheap!  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Maxdax
<Content>Great Hotel - but ensure it is right for you. Stayed five days during a company conference and experienced excellent service. The room was very nice and larger than most. Here are some tips: Tell them you DON'T want a room with no view (some rooms look at a brick wall/no light); you should know this is not a hotel for the young crowd (very traditional); finally, the parking is $20/day, but it is downtown and there are no in/out charges and they are prompt. Dined in the Bistro, with excellent food and service - very nice and somewhat reasonably priced. Room service was top notch and prompt. Overall, it is a fine, very upscale hotel with a very good location for the Convention Center (4 blocks down Field St.) and if it is right for you, it will be enjoyable.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>2sam6
<Content>We had a great time, and had great service. We stayed at the hotel because it appeared to be nice and close to Texas Stadium. We were there for the Cowboy game, and even though they lost we had a great time. The service at the hotel was great with no complaints. The decor was everything in their web site and more. The French Room was awesome! The service and the food and the wine selection was 5 stars! This is the first hotel we stayed where it was quiet all night!The only reservation we had is our stay over the weekend in downtown Dallas is no different than any other major city. There isn't much going on in walking distance during the evening, but they do have shopping 1 block away during the day.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Isky
<Content>Excellent food and huge room This is a lovely hotel. I was traveling alone for a meeting and got checked-in ahead of time. My king size room was huge. My single room rate was $165 per night. A Starbucks is directly across the street... beware, they close at 2pm on Saturdays. No ice or vending machines so prepare to call room service. A soda from the lobby gift shop was expensive, $2.50. I ordered food to the room twice and it was very, very good. Sunday buffett for my group was delicious - excellently cooked eggs and pineapple tasted as if it was just picked from a tree. Some of the elevators were smaller than others, so it took a little time to get to my room when our events let out. Older hotel, so not a lot of outlets for my music, phone and for ironing. Surrounded by large buildings, so not much of a view. Bathrobe was a nice touch and loved the huge magnifying mirror in the bathroom. Taxi to the DFW airport was $50 for two people. Taxi's readly available outside the lobby.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>inkwave17
<Content>A nice change from chain hotels       Beds  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>jillellen80
<Content>Lovely Downtown Dallas Hotel My bride's maids and I stayed at the Adolphus the weekend of Sep. 8 for my bachelorette party. The hotel was very elegant and made us feel like we had been taken back in time to a far classier era. We had assistance with a sedan to take us to the Greenville district and were very happy with the price and quality of the transportation that was recommended. One of my bride's maids was VERY drunk when we returned at about 2:30 a.m. and the staff helped another friend wheel - yes, wheel - her to our room and made sure she was OK. Also, we had to fight with the cab driver that took us back due to my friend throwing up in his vehicle. The Adolphus staff helped us and ensured us that we were offerring a fair price for the ride and the cleaning of the taxi.The rooms were very spaciaous - we had 4 girls in one room and didn't feel cramped. The furnishings were very lovely. Also, check out wasn't until 1:00 p.m., which is much later than most hotels.Any OU/Texas people looking for a great room downtown, I would definitely recommend the Adolphus!  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>scrateef
<Content>Stuffy, old Adolphus I recently stayed one night (supposed to be four) at the Adolphus hotel, and while the property wasn鈥檛 necessarily bad, I cut my stay short after the first night to find more updated accommodations. The hotel has a rich history, and it used to be downright fancy; however, its charm and reputation just weren鈥檛 enough to keep me, and I wouldn鈥檛 return. We booked the hotel through AmEx鈥檚 Fine Hotels and Resorts program, and this property is one that they should definitely drop from the list.The Adolphus has several things going for it: It鈥檚 in the heart of downtown; it offers a variety of room sizes/categories; it has a pleasant staff; the rooms are pretty cheaply priced; it鈥檚 purported to have the finest dining of any hotel in America (at the French room). Oh, and the Queen once stayed there. The hotel is very proud of this fact (her picture hangs in the lobby), and I鈥檒l be she enjoyed her stay many years ago. Unfortunately, I don鈥檛 think the property has been updated one bit since then, so the hotel鈥檚 royal appointment doesn鈥檛 really matter anymore.We booked into a junior suite, which was nicely sized 鈥?although really just one big room. The first room we took smelled of cigarette smoke, so we asked to be moved. The front desk was happy to oblige, and we moved to another junior suite with a completely different layout. It was smoke free, but it had a definite mustiness to it. The d茅cor of the room had a stuffy charm, but it also smacked of a fancy hotel from the late 1970s. It just didn鈥檛 appeal to me. Even though it was clean and in pretty-good condition, I got the feeling that the furniture was well used, and it all just seemed old. The bathroom was decent sized and had marble surfaces for floors, counters, and the combination shower/bath. All fixtures were of good quality but, like the rest of the room, looked too old. The room had two televisions, which were concealed in armoires.Because we were in town to attend wedding festivities, we dropped off our bags, cranked down the a/c, and left for dinner. When we returned, we noticed that the room was not much cooler than when we checked in, and it felt quite muggy inside. Too tired to think about moving to another room, we turned in. At about 2 a.m., I awoke with a sore throat and a congested head. The air conditioner had been running nonstop, and the room had grown muggier without cooling down any. The air coming out of the vents felt so damp, and I could only imagine the mold spores that we must have been breathing. A few minutes later, rain began to fall outside, and I started hearing a dripping sound. One of the windows, which didn鈥檛 open, was taking in water so fast that a pool had formed on the marble ledge and was overflowing down to the carpet. At that point, I jumped on to the complimentary wireless internet connection and booked another room at the W hotel. The front desk was concerned that we were leaving early, and they wanted to move us to a better room. But I knew that it would be more of the same and told them that the hotel just wasn鈥檛 a good fit for us. I think that many people would enjoy the turn-of-the-century charm that the property has to offer, but it just wasn鈥檛 the place for us. With a major renovation, the Adolphus might be able to compete with the other properties around downtown, but for now, it鈥檚 too far past its prime.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>2	4	2	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>ABQinfo
<Content>Truly charming Stepping into this hotel feels like stepping back in time. Truly amazing decor, beautiful architecture, and a stellar staff to match. I cannot say enough about the courtesy, kindness, and great sense of humor the staff offered.A bellman opened my car door as I arrived, escorted us to check-in, then the check-in clerk introduced us to another bellman who showed us to our room. We were accidentally checked into the wrong room, but the staff replaced our keys and moved us very quickly without us having to lift a finger. Room service was prompt and fabulous. I'm a tea drinker, and the selection of whole-leaf silk-bagged teas was wonderful. The concierge happily helped us with restaurant recommendations, directions, and anything else we needed. The beds and pillows were very comfortable: soft and well kept. I could have used a bit more cabinet space in the bathroom, but I loved the all the marble and natural stone accents.The area around the hotel seems a bit economically depressed, and there were a few transients around in the evenings. None of them bothered us, but we felt we needed to be very aware of our surroundings, just in case. This was a very unique hotel, and I was thrilled to get away from the cookie-cutter hotels. I can't wait to stay at the Hotel Adolphus again!  
<Date>Aug 11, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Tradewinns
<Content>Beautiful Hotel - Uncomfortable Bed This is a beautiful hotel, think 'Titanic' for decor. Very classic and ornate. Every single member of the staff was professional and helpful. We were greeted each time we returned with a warm 'welcome back' and the room service was wonderful and on time. The rooms were pretty and the Noble House spa soap was divine, in fact, I am going to order more online for my home. The only reason I rated the Adolphus a 4 instead of a 5 was because of our bed. It was too firm (think concrete floor) and the pillows were down, but they didn't have any support so your head would just sink to the mattress. I used my pillow from the decorative shams to sleep on because it had better support. Other than the beds, everything was great and the downtown location is wonderful. It is right next to the Magnolia (also a wonderful hotel - great beds, modern decor) and 1 block from Neiman Marcus.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CaryAllison
<Content>Grand old dame of Dallas hotels My wife and I stayed at the Adolphus the weekend after we stayed at the Westin City Center (see my review on that). We loved the Adolphus and would definitely recommend it for travelers who appreciate nice digs and full service. It's on Commerce, so it's in an older part of downtown--the old original urban core, I take it, so there are some characters on the street, for sure (doesn't bother us-we live i downtown Houston). The hotel is really lovely with tons of charm--old paneling and woodwork in the huge lobby, and they even do afternoon tea (no kidding--people make a special point of coming for it. It's as beautiful a hotel lobby as you'll ever see. Again, gracious is the world I'd use). It's an older hotel so it's not as perfectly tip top as the Westin--it has seen more mileage--but it's in a great old building and the rooms are fine--large, with monogrammed linens and very nice travertine bathroom. And, after all, for many years it has been the place to stay in Dallas--everyone from European royalty to U2 has stayed there. The staff was maybe the most gracious I have ever encountered in any hotel--I mean, the people cleaning the rooms have their hair done and are wearing jewelry. The Magnolia, which I have not stayed in, is next door, and has a Starbuck's in the ground floor which is very nice to know about, since I'm a muffin and latte sort of person. We did not eat at the famous French Room at the Adolphus which is apparently the highest rated hotel restaurant in the country. We didn't hang out at Walt Garrison's Bar and Grill either on the ground floor, but they serve nuts in a shell in a bucket and your throw your shells on the floor--yee haw! Either way, I would say that if you're in Dallas and you can swing a good deal, you have to stay here just for the experience--a truly grand old hotel with absolutely first rate service and historical presence.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>guy999
<Content>Loved the restuarant not the hotel I spent last weekend at the adolphus. I have already done a review with hotel management so I will write most of that here.My wife and I recently spent the weekend at the hotel. We had planned on having a nice retreat away from the house, we live in the North Dallas area. We checked in at approximately 4 o'clock in the afternoon without difficulty. I then discovered that my wife had called ahead and asked for chocolate covered strawberries to be delivered to our room and build to our room prior to our arrival. She called a couple of days ahead and asked for that to be delivered or around 330. Unfortunately it was not in the room when we arrived. Approximately 1 hour later and two telephone calls later to room service the strawberries arrived. We did call and they did say that they were very busy however I think that if you plan ahead this wouldn't have been something that would have been very difficult to do. In addition they do charge a pretty substantial amount of money for the cost and delivery of these so I wouldn't think it would be very difficult to accomplish that.Next we did have a dinner at the French room. I will try to write a separate review of the French room but this was the best part of the trip. I am trying to write this review about only the hotel. The restaurant was great we had an excellent dinner we enjoyed our waiter and all of the staff.To go back to the room, we had upgraded to a suite. Andunfortunately this hotel is quite old. They do not seem to have renovated their rooms in some time. The furniture was quite dated and in actuality the chair and Ottoman next to the desk basically felt like you are sitting on wood slats. Also typically when you get a sweet there is some room separation. The suites at this hotel however do not have that type of separation they have a dividing wall but the wall only extends up about 4 feet above the ground level thus not providing any real separation. The reason for this being the problem is because the fact that I usually go to bed earlier and get up earlier than my wife and the separation allows me to work on the computer or do whatever without disturbing the person who is sleeping. That was kind of the point of gettingthe suite.I feel that the bathroom was adequate however the colors are a little bit older and some of the furnishings are little bit older however as I understand it's the room rates are very reasonable. Unfortunately with the package that we got, one night in the hotel and dinner in the restaurant was approximately $660. We did have a great time at dinner however I don't know if this really feels like a substantial discount.I think that if you are staying in the downtown area and you get a good deal on this hotel that it is acceptable. There is a great lobby there is a great area to sit around if some of your friends join you. However the rooms are somewhat disappointing.I typically do stay at very high-end properties and I really thought that the Adolphus was in that same category however I don't think so anymore.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	2	2	4	

<Author>STC
<Content>Great price-value. Very romantic.       Room 803 Junior Suite  
<Date>Jun 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LAshaz
<Content>Pleasantly surprised! I stayed here over a weekend and paid a ridicously low rate, so I wasn't expecting much. The concierge was very helpful and the beautiful hotel bar is a wonderful place to relax with a glass of wine and listen to piano, or later in the night, the jazz quartet. My room was very large, my only complaint is the plumbing is still very old (it took a long time for the hot water). Otherwise this place is a gem and a nice change of pace from the cookie-cutter chains.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>EscapesfromTexas
<Content>Always a good choice My husband and I often stay here and always enjoy good service. This visit was no exception.We were quickly and courteously greeted by the valet and front desk staff on arrival.The lobby has Old World charm, and the tiny elevators with wood and mirror inlays are lovely.The room was nicely appointed with quality linens and Terre Spa toiletries. Everything was in fine functioning order, and the minibar was well-supplied.Room service here has a reasonable selection, and in our experience, the food always arrives fresh and in a timely fashion. Room service personal are consistently professional.One minor glitch this trip--a dining credit was not originally posted to our account, but with a brief call to the front desk, this was quickly rectified.  
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	3	4	4	5	5	

<Author>MissRyan
<Content>Lovely hotel I stayed at the Adolphus for 3 days in April 2007. I was impressed with the hotel overall. Many hotels claim to be 'historic' but really thats just a cover up for being a bit old and lacking in services, not so with the Adolphus!The Adolphus was great, room was big, and good value for money considering its location and the standard of the furnishings. Staff were extremely helpful and very friendly.  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>cavedogg
<Content>Luxury hotel with atmosphere If you would like to stay someplace that has high end luxury with touches of charm from a bygone era, then the Adolphus is for you. Sure it has all the features you would expect of a high end hotel--great attentive service, spacious rooms, beautiful, tasteful furnishings, comfortable beds, etc. However, the Adolphus is unique in the way it preserves and pays tribute to its past. All throughoutthe hotel and the rooms you see wonderfully ornate reminders of yesteryear--chandeliers, lamps, mirrors, bureaus, clocks, lobby furniture, etc. This creates a great atmosphere of sophistication and luxury. If you have any question as to whether the Adolphus is a hotel that is luxurious enough for you, remember that Queen Elizabethand Prince Phillip stayed here during their visit to Texas.  
<Date>May 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ckeaton
<Content>Beautiful property with great service               More photos  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Fireygrl
<Content>Made for a perfect anniversary We had excellent service from the valet, front desk, to the room service. They found out it was our anniversary and suggested to my husband they could place rose petals thru out the room while were gone to a Dallas Stars Game. When we came back to my surprise were beautiful petals everywhere (even a heart on the bed), they also left a card for my husband and I telling us to have a wonderful evening under the stars. (knowing we went to a Dallas stars game) They were first class all the way. My husband and I aren鈥檛 ones to dress in suits and evening gowns. We like a laid back dress style although many areas are dress code attire. They never once made us feel uncomfortable and treated us with the utmost respect. I would most definitely stay at The Adolphus Hotel again and suggest highly trying room service. The food was delicious and the dine in alone together made for a very romantic evening. I would also suggest the his and hers Massage, the masseuses were very professional and make you feel really relaxed. It was an incredible experience and the food and service were absolutely outstanding. Checkout was easy and the bellhop came and gathered our luggage meeting us in valet no hassles what so ever. SUPERB SERVICE!  
<Date>Mar 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mr.GoodChicago
<Content>great hotel...needs to improve breakfast Stayed at this hotel Feb 5th through the 7th. The rooms are great,the staff is friendly, the location is central. My only observation is that this hotel needs to improve the breakfast. It was somewhat disappointing.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>cmkchicago
<Content>Great Hotel - A Meeting Planner's Dream I planned a meeting for 120 people - the staff was excellent - I did not have a single problem that wasn't solved instantly. I was extremely happy with this hotel - the only complaint a meeting attendee gave was that their was no pool!!! (I guess you can't please them all!)  
<Date>Feb 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Belasaria
<Content>Beautiful, historical hotel -- excellent food       Double room  
<Date>Feb 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>AdiMere
<Content>Loved the Adolphus!! We stayed at the Adolphus for 4 nights and received an absolutely impeccable service. The hotel is located in the middle of Dallas  approximately a 10-15 minute walk from the West End (tourist area). We ate at the Yo Ranch Steakhouse which had a great menu but was slightly overpriced due to being in the West End. Trail riding at the Beaumont Ranch was great, beautiful scenery and about 拢40 for 2 people for an hour of riding. I would also recommend visiting the Dallas Aquarium and the Sixth Floor Museum (old Texas Book Depository building). The Reunion Tower (Hyatt Regency Hotel) is also a must. The building is shaped like a microphone and the sphere on top (about 50 floors up) containing the bar  restaurant revolves so you can see across the whole city, very pretty at night. We didn't eat in any of the hotel restaurants as we wanted to eat out due to only being in town for 4 nights but there were 3 to choose from should you so wish to. We did have room service  the food was delicious  reasonably priced. Do not be put off by the high-class  extremely plush decor, there is no snobbiness in this establishment at all. The concierges  doormen assisted us with nearly everything on our visit, hiring a car, locating a ranch for trail riding, numerous suggestions of restaurants for every type of cuisine you can imagine - they are all worth their weight in gold  saved us a lot of time!! We stayed Fri-Mon and got the first 2 nights for about 拢65/room/night rising to 拢120/room/night for Sun  Mon, definitely value for money. I would advise anyone going to Dallas to stay at the Adolphus and will definitely be booking in again if we return to the city.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Andrea in Texas
<Content>The Most Beautiful Hotel in Dallas First let me preface my review with this fact: My usual hotel stays are in Quality, Comfort or Clarion Hotels. We chose the Adolphus, on the recommendation of friends, for our 20th anniversary. My husband and I stayed December 22 and 23 in a junior suite on the 19th floor. I made reservations through the Hotel Adolphus website, with a rate of $149.00 per night for a Jr. Suite, and I had three special requests; on an upper floor, with six pillows on the bed, and early check-in. All three requests were accomodated.  We drove down to Dallas and arrived at 11am. We drove in and our luggage was unloaded by the doorman who asked our name and then used it each time he addressed us from then on. This really impressed me that he was able to remember our name each time he saw us over the next two days! A bellman waited as we checked in, this took about 10 minutes as there was a line of people checking out, and then after we came out of line he asked us our room number and said he would meet us upstairs. We rode the escalators up into a fantastically beautiful lobby. Dark wood paneling, tapestries on the walls, chandeliers, Queen Anne chairs and furniture everywhere and the most exquisite grand piano I have ever seen. (I later found out from one of the staff that it is a 19th century Steinway and was once owned by the Guggenheim Family) Each day during Tea Time a young Asian lady was playing and the piano sounds incredible. You don't have to take tea to sit and listen, there are plenty of places to sit and relax in the living room area of the lobby. It feels so refined to just sit on a sofa and listen to the music.The elevators are quick, we never waited more than a minute the entire week-end, and we met our bellman at our room. He placed the suitcase, showed us how to adjust the room temperature and a few other things, asked us if we had any questions and offered to have ice brought up. (Ice is complimentary, but has to be brought to your room because there are no ice machines to go and get it yourself) The suite is HUGE. The view was only of Commerce Street and other buildings, but better than most other hotels I have ever been in. Now for the room itself. It was lovely and luxurious. The living area has a sofa and chair and a mini-bar(Prices are steep here- $6.00 for a litre of Fiji water and $2.00 for a Snickers bar. Fortunately, there is an Urban Market less than 2 blocks away for snacks) and a small dining table and chairs. The closet is almost walk-in and the doors are mirrored and full length. The bedroom area, these two areas are separated by a waist high marble topped wall, has a king sized bed with an armoire with a large TV and DVD player and a writing desk and another chair with an ottoman. The fabrics on all the furniture are beautiful. The bedspread matches the drapes on the windows. All 6 pillows were on the bed as requested. The bed was supremely comfortable. The mattress seemed to be a pillowtop, it was very soft, and the linens were outstanding. The bed is triple sheeted and the pillows are more comfortable than any I have ever slept on, including the ones at my own house.The bathroom is all marble and granite and the lighting is extremely flattering. I loved the lighted makeup mirror. They had a fluffy bath robe hanging on the back of the door, I called to request a second one and it arrived in less than 5 minutes!, and they give you three of each bath linen and they are of a high quality. The only downside to the bathroom is the tub itself. It was just a regular sized tub, though it did seem a little larger when you were showering because the shower rod is curved and the shower head is overhead instead of coming out of the wall, a kind of rain shower effect, but I wish it had been a soaking tub or even a whirlpool tub. Also, the amenities were of a very large size and smelled terrific. The soap smelled like roses. (So that the next person won't have to call Housekeeping to ask, the hairdryer is hanging in a bag in the closet. Aesthetics?)Every staff member that we encountered was unfailingly polite and courteous. From check-in to check-out. We were given walking directions and advice from several staff members on where to go and what to see. We used their car service to see the Dallas World Aquarium, I highly recommend this attraction, and to go to dinner one night at a restaurant the concierge got reservations for us at called Dakota's. There was nothing available at the French Room on Saturday night, they had apparently been filled up for months, and he recommended Dakota's as a romantic back-up. He was right! It is beautiful. Candles and roses on the table, attentive service and the concierge, without us knowing, told them it was our anniversary and they brought us complimentary slices of chocolate cake for dessert. (FYI-don't expect to get out of this restaurant for less than $150 if you are having anything alcoholic to drink. The least expensive bottle of wine that I saw was $45). We loved our stay here and will come back for our next major occasion. All in all I felt like a VIP all week-end. Catered to and cared for and I just wish I could live there!  
<Date>Dec 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>ddsandy
<Content>Nice Hotel Stayed here on business for 4 nights-room was wonderful and comfy. Yes, I had to call room service for ice. The lobby was gorgeous, and the concierge and bellhops were very helpful.Note: There is literally nothing to do in downtown Dallas at night. The West End is shrinking, and I was amazed at the number of empty store fronts, lack of places to eat or shop, and the number of suspicious looking people out at night. I would not recommend walking around after about 7PM.For those people who don't like to tip, stay somewhere else. The people that work here really hustle for their tips, and deserve it. I thought the service was great.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	2	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>ROBBINGHOOD
<Content>Very comfortable but annoying niggles. This is an impressive hotel.We arrived on Thanksgiving Day at about 6.00pm.The acclaimed French Room was closed so we cannot give a rating on that.The Bistro was open so we had dinner there. The Thanksgiving Day menu had finished at 6pm ( we got to the restaurant at about 6.30). Anyway, by asking nicely, the chef made an exception and we got our TDM, which was very good but frankly not memorable.The room was huge, more like a mini-suite and very comfortable. In this respect, the hotel was excellent value for the rate we paid and the hotel's location.Little niggles:1. Some of the front desk staff were not the brightest kids on the block - all were polite however.2. No ice in the room - has to be ordered from room service presumably because an ice machine in a corridor would be out of keeping with the hotel's standing.3. We were travelling around Texas and left stuff in our car overnight so we didn't have to heave a load of bags to our room for one night. There was no access to the car except thru valet service, so every time we needed something we had to wait for the car and then pay a tip - so just make sure you take everything you need with you. Another little tip if you're travelling by road and you don't know Dallas (like us). The instructions to get to the hotel are accurate but in the Dallas freeway traffic we missed the turn-off and it was a nightmare to get to the hotel (which in retrospect was quite easy). Recommend you have a detailed map of Central Dallas.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	2	-1	5	

<Author>chefsandy
<Content>Tea Service A friend came into town to visit for a girl's vacation and we decided to try the tea service at the Adolphus. It was an amazing experience and the Tea Captain, Michelle, made it such a wonderful experience for us! I'm not a tea person, but the teas she suggested were quite good, the accompanying sandwiches and sweets were delish and enjoying it all while surrounded by the gorgeous and historic Adolphus made the tea an event! I highly recommend putting on something pretty and planning on spending a long afternoon enjoying something totally different with your girlfriends, you'll leave feeling like a complete grown up.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TENNNtraveler
<Content>Really shows it's age This hotel is really past it's prime. Maybe it was nice once but no longer. The air blows in through the windows and so does the noise. You can hear every vehicle that goes past. Very noisy lace with the roaring of buses and trucks. Light sleepers beware.Also, it just has an overall worn feeling. There is no ice. You have to call room service for it. The beds are not up to the prices. Just a short distance away is the much newer Westin City Center and it can be less expensive. The Fairmont is also much superior.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	1	3	2	1	-1	

<Author>mere17
<Content>Nice but a little expesive Wonderful hotel with large room and bathrooms. I little updating is needed as a few of the room acessories are starting t show their age. I have never seen a closet that big in all my years of traveling. beautiful lobby. food is just so-so.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	3	2	4	4	1	

<Author>hotbiatch
<Content>why is it even a 5 star? where is the pool people??? i don't want to have to walk across the street to swim (and pay to get in) after paying $319 for my room and waaay to much for valet and parking. its flipping ridiculous!! get with the program !!! ROOOARRR!!  
<Date>Oct 1, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SGA105
<Content>Frustrating, Aggrivating, Not Acceptable I can take bad news and I can take good news, but I can't take being lied to.Front desk staff are clearly coached to tell their guests whatever they want to hear, true or not. A month before our trip to a family wedding I called and, after much discussion, was assured that our two rooms, reserved 4 months in advance, would accomodate our requirements...one room with a king bed and the other with two queen beds and a rollaway. Because of the time of the wedding, we were assured we could check in about an hour before the published check in time of 3:00.The morning of the wedding, I again called and they assured me that both rooms, as ordered, would be available at 1:00.We arrived at the hotel at 3:15 to find neither room was ready. After 15 or 20 minutes they did get us one room, but said that the rollaway would not be available for the second room, and they had no idea when the 2nd room would be ready. In a rush all 6 of us tried to iron clothes, shower and get ready for the wedding.My advice to those of you unfortunate enough to be staying at the Adolphus....don't trust a word they say. They will tell you anything just to get you off the phone. When I travel to Costa Rica I expect that and find it a bit charming...I don't expect this in the U.S.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BIZZTraveller
<Content>Nice Hotel 4 stars The hotel is historic, but they have done a wonderful job at keeping up the original charm with it's beautiful furnishings and decor. The staff was always gracious and went out of their way to serve the guests, except at check-in that took nearly 30 minutes at 6:00pm. James, the concierge was fantastic - he worked hard to point us in the right direction for restaurants and other things and he never missed. The parking situation seems odd - you have to pay $20 nightly to park your car, but you can't self park, they only have valet parking, so with tip, parking is $23-25 nightly. The food was great and the catered food to the meeting rooms was awesome. Get the fried chicken! The rooms are large, but beware of the 'inside rooms' which look into another hotel. The windows of my room looked out into a court surrounded on 4 sides by other buildings, so my room had NO natural light. NONE! Would I stay here again, yes - but I would not if I had the same room.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jacktripper
<Content>The Adolphus keeps getting better!!! My fiancee and I stayed at the Adolphus on May 26th for 2 nights and it was a most wonderful experience. We had stayed there in 2003 and requested the exact same room we had at that time, a Junior Suite on the 19th floor. Our request was honored and we had a very pleasant surprise when we got to our room. It was completely redone...and in grand style. The bedding was top notch. Beautiful high thread count sheets, personalized with A on the shams. The bathroom was beautiful. Granite tops with iron work scrolled posts. The living room area had a beautiful armoire that held a nice size tv. There is another tv in a small cabinet in the bedroom area. The furnishings have an antique feel. The shower had a lovely rain shower fixture. We had a very wonderful meal from room service at what we consider to be a very very reasonable price by our standards (New York standards). Our only problem is that the valet service is a bit slow. We called ahead to have our car pulled around and always had to tell them again when we got downstairs. The lobby is just beautiful and it is a step back in time for sure. Wish there was more to do in that part of Dallas, as much of that area is dead on the weekend, but all in all a wonderful experience. We will return again for sure.  
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cherbonsy
<Content>Not the 5 star hotel it claims to be I stayed at The Adolphus in April 2006 and had less than a favorable experience. Wanting to give it a second chance, I stayed again the following month. Both trips were for business purposes.The two best things about The Adolphus are on the ground floor ... neither requiring a stay at the hotel: the lobby is beautiful, and The French Room provides a competent dining experience for the price (and was recently rated the #1 hotel restaurant in the US by Zagat).On the other hand, a series of negative experiences over my two stays makes The Adolphus' claim to 5 star status highly suspect. These include a moldy cat urine smell in my room (which housekeeping never addressed, and a room transfer was not available), a transient in lobby, clearly hearing my upstairs neighbor walking around, the bellman insisting that I pay for a cab ride for what I later learned would be a 10 minute walk (but what he ensured me would take three times that long), and my room not being made up by housekeeping until 3pm or later. In addition, the staff is affable at their best, and curt at their more-common worst (with a bellman named Mitch being a welcome exception). Lastly, while The French Room prepares and serves great meals in a gorgeous setting, it is not comparable to the type of experience one would expect at a dedicated restaurant.In short, The Adolphus operates as a 3 star hotel, with The French Room hovering around the 4 - 4.5 star level. Sadly, considering what other options exist in the area, The Adolphus is leaps and bounds above local competition, especially for the price.  
<Date>May 22, 2006
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>fand
<Content>Elegant and Attentive Adolphus The service at the Adolphus is the best I have experienced in a hotel -- and I travel for business almost constantly. Every staff member is brimming with helpfulness and kindness. Even the maid who came to clean my room asked very sincerely how I was enjoying my stay and wanted to know if she could do anything for me. The first time I stayed at the Adolphus I arrived after 11 p.m., exhausted after horrible flight delays, and I had to be in court the next day at 9 a.m. Seeing my travel frustration and exhaustion, the gentlemen at the front desk upgraded me to a suite. The hotel won my loyalty with that! Always busy on the road, I often order room service. One thing I love about the Adolphus is that you can order it all night long. So that awful night that I got in after 11 p.m., after hours of flight delays, having eaten nothing (thank you airlines, for that!), I was able to order a sandwich from room service. This last trip I ordered the cilantro roasted chicken from room service for dinner and it was SO GOOD! The beds are very comfortable, and my room was charmingly different in that old hotel kind of way. One caveat about this very old hotel, though. There is no way of saying this without sounding crazy, so I will just say it: I am pretty sure it is haunted. I will leave it at that, and say that even so, the service is so great I think I will always try to stay there while in Dallas.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MBNick
<Content>good choice in Dallas Located right in downtown it is a very attractive hotel. There are 3 restaurants, one a rodeo bar on the lower level, the Bistro on the main level and the top rated French room. There is an afternoon tea that you need to register for. Drinks are served in the classy upper lobby by the piano, with jackets needed after 6 pm.The rooms are very spacious, clean, and very nicely furnished. Beds and linens are above average. Only downsides in the room are 1 sink in the bathroom, and a small TV due to the furnishings.Rodeo bar good place for a beer and throwing peanut shells on the floor. The Bistro is nicely done, food is nothing special, wine by the glass ran $12-13. Servers and service are good.French Room gets rave reviews from many and while it is definitely upscale you probably won't leave feeling like you got what you paid for ($72.pp and up)Hotel staff is excellent and really focused on customer service. Only met one bellhop (Brook?)who was not up to snuff. Guess he felt $1.25 per bag was not enough.Over-all would certainly stay there again and would recommend.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stayed 2 Nights - Got Charged for 3 I recently had the misfortune of staying at the old Adolphus Hotel. My original schedule called for me to stay three nights. On the third day, my work unexpectedly ended shortly after noon. We immediately called the hotel and requested a late checkout which the hotel staff granted. I checked out before 1:00pm in order to catch a 3:00pm return flight. I received my credit card bill yesterday which contains an overcharge equal to another night's stay. I have tried to contact the Adolphus to no avail. I have been placed on hold and the hotel will not return my calls. In more than 25 years of business travel, I have never had anything similar happen to me.I was surprised to learn that the Adolphus is supposedly a five star hotel. I will acknowledge that I did have a lovely view of the interior corridor. Make sure that you get one of these desirable rooms. On the other hand, if you want to see something besides a glimpse into another guest's room, these rooms aren't for you. I also had the pleasure of hearing the fine plumbing at the Adolphus whenever a neighboring guest flushed their toilet.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2006
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>VacationFor6
<Content>Fabulous Hotel Newly renovated, this hotel is a jewel in downtown Dallas. The lobby area is magnificent. The accomodations are roomier than most, and the beds were quite comfortable. We ate at the bistro for breakfast and dinner, both were good, but not stellar. We also ate at the Rodeo Bar one evening, again good, but not great. The service in the restaurants and the hotel itself was EXCELLENT. We will definitely stay here again when next in Dallas!!  
<Date>Feb 18, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wanderer
<Content>Adolphus Better than What Surrounds It I stayed at the Adolphus for a conference and would recommend it to people who want to stay in Downtown Dallas. I'm not so sure I'd recommend staying in Downtown Dallas, but that's another story.The Adolphus is clean, pleasant with furniture that ranges from nice to outstanding. I liked the wood paneled and mirrored elevators, which were of varying sizes. I didn't try any of the restaurants--my conference fed me some of the time and the $85 tasting menu at the French Room was a bit beyond my means. My room was good-sized although not huge, with a good sized (not really walk in) closet and desk. At $149, I was paying a discounted conference rate. I appreciated having a radio strong enough to pick up the local NPR station, this sounds like a small thing but you don't always get that. The bed was comfortable, lighting was adequate, darkness was good at night, with no appreciable noise problems even though a group of cheerleaders was staying in the hotel. I had no water pressure problems.There seemed to be a lot of staffpeople around. Staff talked to me more than I'm used to and even chambermaids asked if everything was alright. I didn't need this but it was a pleasant surprise. There are some design problems. The main pedestrian entrance to the hotel is through the auto drop off area. The walkway through there is not wide enough to get a wheelchair or stroller through, it was barely wide enough for me! There's another entrance but it's only open weekday daytimes, like so much of Downtown Dallas. As mentioned before the lobby does have two different levels, connected by an escalator. I think this is the result of having an old wing and a new wing. The hotel is near the light rail line, near the museum of John Kennedy's assassination (!), not too far from museums and concert halls in the Arts District, near a lovely grocery store/cafe/bar. But Downtown Dallas is a very dead place on Saturday, with so few people that there aren't even many homeless around!  
<Date>Feb 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely Adolphus A business trip took me to Dallas and I checked into the Adolphus for the first time. This is an old property, but well-maintained. The service from all the staff that I met was excellent with the exception of cocktail servers in the French Room Bar on a slow night. Four tables, two servers - why should a guest have to go to the bar to refresh a cocktail?Bathrooms are small, but well-appointed and my room was spacious and very clean. There is a fine dining restaurant on property which is closed on Sunday and Monday nights, which was most disappointing since those were the nights that I stayed.This property might be awkward for anyone with a physical disability. From the front desk, you must go up an escalator to reach the elevators to get to your room. Also, some of the elevators need a bit of sprucing up - the wood inside is beat up and scratched.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>poodleone
<Content>Couldn't ask for more elegance We stayed on the spur of the moment after seeing a great rate on the Internet. What a fabulous room- so large and elegant. Best bed and linens I have ever experienced. The walk-in closet/dressing room was terrific. We were so pleased with the service as well as the charm of an old hotel. We will be back when we can take advantage of all the offereings.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This Place Rocks! Came to Dallas on business and would return for pleasure. Outstanding symphony - and the Sixth Floor Museum (a short walk from the Adolphus hotel) is amazing. Neiman Marcus is all you've heard it is - and then some! The Adolphus is centrally located, and my wife and I found many things to do nearby. If the weather is iffy, they have a luxury sedan that takes you to and from some of the city's best attractions. Our room was beautifully furnished and very cozy. It had easily the best bed I've ever slept on. Awesome!If you've ever seen the movie GRAND HOTEL, this hotel has that feeling. We even saw some hip, young celebrities in the lobby. Sure didn't expect that - but way cool!The food is terrific, too. We ate in the Bistro most mornings. I think I gained some pounds because of it (blame it on the eggs benedict - yum!). The French Room was incredible for dinner. We felt like we were in Paris. Even though it has a royal feeling - crystal chandeliers and soaring ceilings - the staff went out of their way to make us feel comfortable and welcome. The chef even came by our table!We stayed at the Adolphus several days, so we got to know a lot of the staff, and they became old friends fast. Not what you'd expect in a big city. The doorman - Phil - is a model of customer service. While we were waiting for our rental car, we watched him in action. He greeted people by name - and seemed to be everywhere at once. Wow!My wife said forget about Eloise at The Plaza - it should be Eloise at The Adolphus!  
<Date>Oct 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>BJM
<Content>A Wonderful Experience We have just returned from a week stay at the Adolphus and had a fantastic time. The staff were excellent - helpful and friendly. Our room on the 20th floor was large, well furnished and very comfortable. The bed was probably the most comfortable I have ever slept on. The room service breakfasts were great and always hot when they arrived. The food in the Bistro was great and the bar service excellent.Location was good for the West End and if you plan to use public transport, like we did, you are in an excellent location.If ever we return to Dallas - we shall definately stay at the Adolphus again.  
<Date>May 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Palace on the Prairie We visit Dallas often and consider ourselves pretty savvy travelers. In an age when most hotels don't give a hoot, we've always found a warm welcome and tasteful accommodations at the Adolphus Hotel. No hotel is perfect - and you can find fault with any place if that's where your mind is - but there are few hotels that can compare to the Adolphus for customer service. Their staff is so eager to please and each employee seems to make it his (or her) mission to make even the most routine stay memorable. In fact, we often think that this must be what one experiences at Buckingham Palace when one is a guest of The Queen!One especially feels like royalty in the French Room. The food is fantastic - equal to any three-star Michelin restaurant in Paris, bar none. And it comes without a snooty wait staff. To contrary, the wait staff go out of their way to make you feel welcome and important. We've dined there when celebrities were in the room, and one would have thought our table had a celebrity, too - the attention was the same. The maitre d' has a dry sense of humor, and we always leave with a smile. The room itself is breathtaking. It's like dining in one of the salons at Versailles.From time to time we've tried some of the other luxury hotels in Dallas, but we keep coming back to The Adolphus - it's like coming home.  
<Date>May 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>joepinstripe
<Content>Very overrated The Adolphus is a classic case of someone taking a grand old hotel and thinking that if you throw every color, pattern and design element at the thing it will make it even more exceptional. It doesn't. In fact, the interior design of this hotel (aside from the lobby and French Room restaurant, which are magnificent) is like some awful Texas suburban McMansion. The busy pattern in the carpets, chairs, bed linens, art work, etc., darn near hurt my eyes!Better they had done it in neutrals and lower lighting (you could land a jet in fog in the hallways, they are so bright), but there you have it.There is also a serious problem with important structural aspects: the walls are so thin you can hear TVs in the next rooms (more on that in a minute) and the windows overlooking the busy city streets are not double-paned so you hear noise allllll night long.To that point, my neighbor's TV started blaring at 11:30pm. I called and asked the front desk to look into this, and move me if needed. They never called back; after 15 minutes, I finally called them back and was told that security had heard the TV was on from the hall, but that it was not too loud. I responded that I was not sleeping in the hall, I was sleeping in my room. They then offered to move me.The room they put me in was on the 14th floor, overlooking the street! One of the loudest hotel rooms I have ever stayed in in my life. Also, the room's walls had scuffs and dirt stains...definitely not a $615/night experience as the rate card on the door stated!!!The next morning, after a completely sleepless night, I asked to be moved again, and was. This room was on the 8th floor and looked out over a roof and airconditioning units, but was double-paned and quiet.No one ever offered to knock anything off my bill, even though the rooms manager, front desk and security were all aware that my stay was not up to my epxectations.All in all, I would rather stay at a quiet, earnest little Motel 6 than a pretentious, very expensive hotel that doesn't even have the basics mastered. The Adolphus is riding on its laurels, the fact that too many people are cowed into thinking they should not protest poor service, and the fact that most business travelers will just settle for whatever is dealt them.I won't...and so here I am with my one-star review!  
<Date>Mar 4, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Regal Service.. As a surprise birthday present for my husband, we stayed at the Adolphus Hotel in downtown Dallas. The service was superb and the food (at The Frenchman) was amazing. Dallas' downtown is unsafe and disappointing, but with such a great room, why leave?? I would recommend this hotel to anyone. If you do stay there, take a few minutes, have a drink in the bar, and just watch the patrons. You will certainly find an eclectic crowd!!  
<Date>Jan 27, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Adolphus Bar: Loves It! As for the complaint about the Adolphus resturaunt ripping them off, I actually believe it.It happened in a smaller way at the bar. I frequent the Adolphus bar with friends because it is nice yet laid back with a fun and sexy atmosphere. I was with a date in August and he was running a tab for me and two of our friends. When it was time to get the bill, he was handed a receipt for $433.76!!!! None of us had drunk anywhere NEAR that much! We hadn't even ordered a full bottle of anything! I had a few glasses of Bailey's and one strawberry daquiri, the other lady with us had only mineral water with lemon, and the fellas had imported beers. Hardly enough for a $400 bill. My date was laughing, thinking it was a mixup and told the head bartender who had came over to us that there was no way that they had drank this much. The bartender/manager or whatever told us that there is no mistake and that they charge to the tab after each drink so there won't be mistakes.Well, my date went ahead and paid the $400 but took it up with his lawyer who is suing for the release of video that can show us racking up the $400 bill.But the bar is FUN just don't run a TAB or give your credit card to these people!  
<Date>Oct 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A lovely, comfortable  I stayed here a couple of months ago on a business trip and found it to be very satisfactory.My non-smoking room was clean and comfortable. When I first got here it smelled like cigarette smoke. I called Housekeeping and someone came up immediately and sprayed the room with something which removed the smell for the rest of my stay. ALL of the employees I came in contact with were friendly, courteous, and helpful. When I got home I realized that somewhere I had lost a little gold chain with a tiny heart pendant with a speck of a diamond on it. Definitely not an expensive piece of jewelry but of great sentimental value to me as it was a gift from my husband when I was 18  I have worn it for 30 years. I was very upset because I could have lost it anywhere. I called the hotel  spoke to housekeeping, who had not found it, but they transferred me to the security department. Security immediately said they had it- someone had found it in the lobby  turned it in. They mailed it to me immediately, all packaged up with great care. I am very grateful for their response. They give Texans a good name!!!I would recommend this place and would love to stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>5 Star Hotel The Adolphus is a 5+ star hotel with lush accommodations, superb amenities, delicious food, and above-all first class service. This hotel is amazing. We stayed in a corner suite with separate sitting area, breath-taking view, large walk in closet and enormus bathroom. The suite also had a entertainment unit with DVD, CD, VHS players as well as large plasma screen TV. If you are going to Dallas stay here!! The food of the hotel is great; wonderful room service, Walt Garrison Rodeo Bar and Grill, the Bistro and French Room are also delicious. If you stay here be sure to enjoy Afternoon Tea. Also be sure to take advantage of the numerous hotel amenities; the fitness room with tvs and complimentary bottled water and fruit, the hotel car is great! It takes you around Dallas complimentary in a town car. The service is amazing, too. John, a bellmen, was one of the nicest people in Dallas. He not only brought our luggage to our room but also set it up on our dressers along with complimentary cookies and bottled water. The concierge is also very nice. We asked him to make reservations for us at the Palm Restaruant and he had the Palm give everyone in my party complimentary desserts. The hotels gift shop is also nice and convient. It has a variety of snacks and drinks and typical gift shop stuff at a nominal fee. The front desk also had complimentary chocolate covered strawberries and wine set to our room in celebration of my parents 25th Wedding Anniversary. The maids were also very nice with their chocolate turn-down services.If you want a 5 star time be sure to stay at the Adolphus, I know we will!  
<Date>Aug 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice rooms, but terrible food I stayed at the Adolphus for a week on business in January, 2004. I was disappointed, the rooms are nice sized and staff very friendly, but unfortunately I chose their Rodeo Grill restaurant for dining and ended up with a bad case of food poisoning. The service at the Grill was horrible, I should have paid heed and left before I ordered dinner. Management oversight is clearly lacking and since I couldn't see what was going on in the kitchen, I can only imagine what the staff there must be doing to result in the food poisoning. If trapped at the Adolphus for a conference you don't have a choice, but otherwise I'd recommend another hotel until the Adolphus comes under new management.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel, convienent for downtown business Great hotel if you are downtown on business. Wonderful lobby, though the meeting rooms seem a bit dated compared to the newer hotels. Still an opulent gem, though.Service is top-notch.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BG007
<Content>The sensible choice for business travelers in down town Dallas Stayed at the Adolphus twice. Old fashioned luxury hotel, you can see it's been there for a long time. Rooms are good but nothing special, staff is friendly and professional. If you come down town for business, you actually don't need a car (parking is 20$/day, and you have to wait for it to be brought over), the hotel is walking distance from some of the office buildings. Also stayed at the Magnolia which is a block away and would probably come back to the Adolphus next time I'm in down town Dallas.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous!   showReview(1107719, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 24, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Classy Hotel Not for the Lunatic Fringe   showReview(1072095, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 6, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrible hotel that ruined my honeymoon   showReview(1032097, 'full');   
<Date>May 30, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Adolphus and the Magnolia: No Comparison   showReview(932830, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 11, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Adolphus compared to The Magnolia   showReview(907129, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 3, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Adolphus   showReview(858094, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 17, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>romadingo
<Content>Weekend at the Adolphus   showReview(838294, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 18, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pure Class   showReview(828990, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 27, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>they tried to take money from us   showReview(812122, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 26, 2002
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointed   showReview(711299, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 7, 2002
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>velsatys
<Content>Camp de base de luxe pour une visite de Dallas       Ext茅rieur de l'h么tel  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

