<Author>shonenknife
<Content>We miss Seattle... and the Days Inn!!! My wife and I stayed here in the middle of September on a 4-day trip to Seattle. I believe the hotel you stay at kind of shapes your vacation more than anything else, and the Days Inn really did that. I was very skeptical of the hotel after paying less than a premier price and reading some shifty reviews. I mean, it's not a 5-star $300/night hotel, but it was a great little place to stay. The continental breakfast was very good... I craved the waffles for days after I got back home. The staff was also very accommodating. My wife is pregnant and got sick while we were there off some bad Chinese food. I asked the receptionist where the closest hospital was, just in case, and she pulled out a pre-printed mapquest map to the hospital and give it to us for free. Later on, on a whim I asked them if there was a Wal-Mart nearby, and she pulled out yet another mapquest map to the Wal-Mart and gave us that for free!!! The cleaning lady came in and cleaned our room every day while we were gone and did a fantastic job without disturbing the possessions we left in the room (we have bad experiences of our stuff being stolen by the cleaning crews of other hotels). Their parking is very accommodating, and they have a nice lounge in the breakfast area with a computer with internet access and a big TV. They also have a pool which doesn't look too inviting, but it was the fall when we stayed so maybe the 60-degree weather didn't put us in the pool mood. We will be returning to Seattle, and we will definitely consider the Tukwila Days Inn first.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>unreal99
<Content>Pig Pin Dumpest I Ever Stayed In IT the filthest place i ever been in paid 3 nights on line checked in left 5 minutes later and paid for 3 more nights in another hotel this is a no brainer very bad bad bad  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	1	

<Author>formerlyofMN
<Content>OK for one night We booked this hotel because we had an evening flight into Seatac, and appointments early the next morning. It didn't seem worth $100 more to stay in one of the big chain hotels *at* the airport for just a quick overnight.The Days is good for that...but not much more. The property is in an unattractive part of Tukwila - about a 5-minute drive from Seatac. It's adjacent to on- and off-ramps to I-5...the major route to the city. There are a few fast food options nearby, but no real restaurants.The Days Inn itself has a complimentary breakfast that includes waffles (you make them). And there's a small outdoor dining area in addition to the tables in the lobby.At the time we stayed, the rooms appeared to be in mid-renovation. Our room had new plumbing fixtures and had been prepped for painting (the masking tape was still on the door).The major downside to this place is that it also appears to have a number of long-term residents, which might be a concern for families with children. And management appears to encourage that clientele with features like in-room refrigerators and microwaves.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	-1	3	

<Author>rachie_skltn
<Content>whatch it cause they'll screw ya!! First of all the place was a dump but my husband and i already paid for the roomin advance for 5 days. the room didn't get cleaned until the day before we left, We had to go to the front office ourselves to get extra trash bags and stop the cleaning lady while outside smoking for clean towels. Oh if you are a smoker i would suggest to just leave your cigarette butts on the ground outside because we tried to do the right thing and put them in the garbage can inside the room, but instead they debited our account $100 because the room smelled like cigarettes. When i talked to the manager a day later he said basically it's too bad because theres nothing that can be done, it smelled like it to the cleaning lady therefore you must have smoked in the room . Their word against ours basically. The only other people that stay there are the workers, so they have to get there money somehow huh?... I will never stay there again and I wouldn't suggest anyone stay there.  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>karn143
<Content>Very convenient for shopping This is the second time i have stayed here and its great! its very close to the southcenter mall and there were many resturaunts in the area. The staff was very friendly and told me how to get where. The lobby computers were convenient to find more info about the area. the room was very clean and spacious. They would've given more towels, but i called the front desk and they sent them right up. i think this was a great hotel for the price. i reccomend it to anyone!  
<Date>Dec 21, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>traveller57Illinois
<Content>It is a Dump!!! The internet site and pictures are misleading. It is an old hotel that is in the middle of an industrial area. Interstate I-5 is close as is a crane hire company, a large trucking company yard and to add a little more noise a Harley motorbike dealer. Did not feel safe there, especially at night. To top it off in the morning 2 police cars, thought they had come for a free dough nut, but no they had been called for a problem. Other guests included workers on a construction project, and it seemed a large number of homeless war vets. Rooms ok, bit not great. Breakfast crowded and closed before the stated time due to running out of food. I would not stay there again, spend the extra 20 dollars and go closer to the airport. Expedia shows this as a 2 star hotel, it deserves a 1/2 star. I did not stay at the Days Inn at Seatac, but I think it would be a much better choice for the same rate.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>I82X73
<Content>Convenient Park-Stay-Fly Choice We booked the room through Park-Sleep-Fly in order to have free parking for the week we were on our trip, so this was a convenience stay more than anything else.There is nothing fancy about the place, as would be expected with this chain, but it was clean, relatively quiet (even though it is next to the I-5 freeway) and seemed pretty secure.The check-in staff was courteous and helpful. The shuttle to the airport takes about 10 minutes.Breakfast selections are limited though they do have waffles.There is a restaurant next door (we did not use) and two drive-in restaurants within a block.The hotel is in a light industrial area where crime does not seem to be a problem. Our vehicle was unmolested during the week it was parked at the hotel.Our only minor difficulty was in getting the shuttle to pick us up at the airport on our return since the front desk clerk did not see we had reservations. I had to explain that we had stayed there and that our car was parked there for them to send a shuttle -- we then ahd to wait for 30 minutes at 8 PM in the evening for our ride to come.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	3	3	4	4	3	

<Author>nnt1204
<Content>bed bugs... We arrived late night of August 13th, we first thought that the hotel is pretty decent for its price. It was hot in Seattle that night, the a/c wasn't working so it was a nightmare to be sweating while sleeping. We asked them to give us a new room, we were given room 231, the a/c was working but to our horror the next day me and my sister woke up with rashes in our back, my sister was worse because she was only wearing a tank top. To my horror I saw bed bugs crawling all over our bed, since our schedule was pretty hectic, I had to call the front desk to ask them to do something, change our sheets, pillows, etc. or call someone to fumigate the room while we were away. They did, and to our horror more bed bugs... over all we changed rooms 3x in our four night stay! and to make it worst, my bites got infected! Imagine the manager even suggested to refund the last night only and to find another room because the hotel was overbooked! such lousy service and hotel. I wish the Days Inn would look into this franchise. It is really bad!  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	2	1	1	1	1	

<Author>TrancePixie
<Content>Hotel Hell The pictures of this place are very deceiving. This was the worst hotel we've ever stayed at. Upon arrival we did get to check in about an hour before 3 pm which was convenient, however we arrived to a 2nd floor room which stank of musty alcohol and cigarrete smoke. The door had been kicked in by someone previously and the room number was broken off and written on with a black marker. The carpet was so filthy that my family and I wore shoes the hole entire time we were there. The carpet had been replaced...over the old carpet and the door to the adjacent room was not accessible because the new carpet was tacked over the bottom of the door, rendering it useless to try to open it. We arrived to hair on the toilet seat and in the bathtub, not enough towels and beds that looked unkept, smelled like someone had slept in them before. There was a little sign about the environment and the fact that they do not wash the sheets unless you put that little sign on the bed. So maybe the sheets hadn't been washed in a while? We were without hot water for the first 3 days out of 4 that we stayed there. My husband called the front desk or went down there to talk to them personally several times. They told him that they would try to switch us rooms or would fix the hot water if we came back the next day by 11 am. Ok, our main purpose to come to Seattle was to sight see. We were not aiming to wait around the hotel room all morning or to mess with moving between rooms. We were up and out of there before 8 o'clock each day and the hotel should have been the last thing on our agenda. They would not switch us rooms, kept saying that they didn't have any openings. After begging for hot water, they sent a maintenance man to our room that did not speak English. He came to our room 2 mornings in a row and still didn't manage to fix the hot water. Finally the 2nd night my husband called the general manager. He finally let us use the room adjacent to ours so that we could bathe ourselves and 4 children. The room key to the room next to us did not work and of course the carpet was tacked against the door so we couldn't go between the rooms from the inside. Finally my husband had to take the door off the hinges so that we could access the room just to take a sodding shower. Towels. Only once did housekeeping come to clean the room and give us towels..they left 3 towels, didn't change the sheets and we ended up having to take out our own garbage the whole time we were there...3 towels...for 6 people??, the rest of the time we had to beg the front desk for towels and got nasty attitude every time. I have yet to see the fitness center. I do not believe it exists. The pool was freezing cold and dirty. The hot tub had soggy food strewn around it and the paint on the fences was peeling off. The switch to turn the hot tub on was not labeled and was right smack dab next to a general sign that pointed to all the switches that read...Do not touch, Emergency shut off switch. So which switch exactly turns the darn thing on? The business center exists of two outdated computers on a counter in the lobby, one of which has a scribbled out of order sign on it. The only nice things was the free do it yourself waffles for continental breakfast if you can stomach sitting in a small lobby with tons of other guests and eating on sticky table clothes. At least we had friendly neighbors in the room next door to ours, they partied, cussed, drank and smoke until around 4 am the first night we were there. It was a real pain in the arse actually to have to listen to that all night long through the thin walls. NOISE. If you stay here you are within 50 feet of nothing but truck stops and a convenience store. There are no grocery stores anywhere near this place and one Jack in the Box restaurant. The freeway is within spitting distance of the back side of the hotel. If a car went over the guard rail it would probably land in the pool you're so close to I-5. So yes the website is accurate you are within close distance to the freeway. This was the WORST hotel experience we have ever had and will NEVER stay at this place again. Do yourself a favor and look somewhere else.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	2	1	1	

<Author>ilasmarie
<Content>Terrible The only good thing about the first room was that it was clean; door would shut properly, we were right by Interstate 5, noise was constant all night long - unable to sleep - asked to be moved. Second night was strange - doors again would not lock properly, shut door with another person inside, without chain lock on, was able to just push door open and walk in! Mattresses were covered with heavy plastic - unable to sleep because of crinkling all night long. Complained to management - was told had to fumigate rooms on bottom floors because of bugs brought by Easteners so covered all mattresses! Would not have even slept there had we known. Suggest that AAA remove this motel from all its referral sights. Motel needs to be torn down!!! and Soon!!!  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nnkd
<Content>Do not even consider this hotel! This hotel is disgusting. We stayed here in 2004 and it was ok for the price. Now it is positively disgusting. We asked for a non smoking room and got a smoking room that smelled terrible like pets and smoke. At the front desk do not speak to Navi she was rude and has zero personality to be in customer service. This hotel needs to be closed and revamped. Do not stay here!  
<Date>Jul 28, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>laciloo
<Content>Do Not Stay Here!!!!! I lost $340.00. My husband and I checked in and 10 minute later check out. Had reserved non smoking, got a smoking room awful smelling room!!! Lock on door did not work. Air condition did not work. Staff is rude and would not refund my money. I-5 is right outside the bedroom window. Days Inn Corporation should be ashamed for this Hotel using the Days Inn name. We ended up at Holiday Inn Express in Bothel which was wonderful.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>mermaido
<Content>It had goo points, it had bad ones. Stayed here with my husband over the Canada Day Long Weekend. We decieded to stay here due the low price and the proximity to South Center and Seattle. My Husband and I dont drive so we have to rely on the bus. the bus was very close to the hotel and it only took 1 bus and 10 min to get to both destinations. We usually stay by the airport and though we could have stayed at a better hotel down there we chose this one based on those two things. Now for the good things, besides the bus. We like that it was next to a Jack in the Box, the fridge and microwave were good to have. 12pm check out, nice shower and really good airconditoning.Bad, plastic on the matress, a broken coffee maker (which was replaced with a new one after only asking TWICE). A NON heated pool, which they said was heated and a brkoen hot tub which was neither hot nor were the jets working. The Hot water was good but the hot and cold taps being reversed in the show is not good. Lastly, staff that didn't seem to have a clue. I use the saftey dep boxes at the hotels I stay if they don't have an inroom safe and the hotel does advertise that they have them but when I went to inquire the lady at the desk didn't know what that was even though I could clearly see them from the desk and then on one of the nights (we stay 5 nights) I went to get something out of my box another staff person actually opened my box in front of me and started taking out my contents. I repermanded her IMMEDITALY to not touch my property. Would we stay here again? I don't know. We really did not spend to much time at the actual hotel as we were out every day and except for the bed, the room was good by our standards. Very clean but I don't like plastic on my matress and box spring. I personally did not eat the breakfast and we did not use the shuttle. I think staying by the airport has better hotels. We might but maybe only as a last resort if we can;t find anything better in our price range.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	4	4	1	3	3	

<Author>Love2beTraveling
<Content>Not horrible, but not great I wouldn't want to stay here again --- it's a little run down - the 2 non-smoking rooms both had an unpleasant odor. Rooms were clean, great water pressure and VERY hot water. Toilet seat made for a midget. Rooms have refrigerator and microwave. Breakfast was OK (they should be ashamed of the foul-tasting Folger's coffee they are serving in SEATTLE)! TINY area to eat in, and there's a sign telling you NOT to eat breakfast in your room.Had 2 rooms because there was no wireless Internet signal in the first one. Even in the 2nd, (closer to the lobby), the signal was weak, but usable.There's a sign at reception indicating you cannot use the free airport shuttle unless you sign up in advance. Then, they won't shuttle at all between the hours of 5-7am. And, outside those hours, the shuttle will run ONCE an HOUR! Lucky on this stay I have a rental car. I was going to stay again and use the shuttle, but have changed plans and will stay elsewhere.The back of the property is right up against I-5 and the traffic noise is 24x7 (although it didn't bother me). The front of the property is across from a YellowFreight trucking terminal so you've got the truck noise. And, the hotel is just a couple miles from Boeing Field and right on the approach to the runway - at about the point the aircraft have to gun the engines to stay airborne before landing --- and there are some LOUD military spy jets landing at Boeing field.This is a budget hotel and some of the guests didn't look like they could afford to be staying here.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	3	3	2	

<Author>cozywintersnow
<Content>Horrible! Don't stay here! The parking lot is rundown and dirty, completely unsecured. The front desk staff was unfriendly, seemed very bored and completely unwelcoming. The hallway my room was located in had two young men, dressed in street clothes, pushing the maid cart. I imagine they work there, but they had no nametags and spoke to each other in a foreign language. My room was smelly, the TV control did not work, the beds were hard, the pillows had stains on them, and the carpet was disgusting. I was almost afraid of sleeping there because I imagine the place full of those bed bugs they talk about on tv. I wanted a refund right away but couldn't get one because I booked through a low price site. Ugh!!! Never again!! I have learned my lesson!!!  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>katyalb
<Content>nice clean room Tuwila days inn rooms are very clean,.The front desk staff are very friendly .they help us with the directions.They have free internet access that we love it and a printer in the lobby that was very helpfull for us , we print copy of our boarding pass .The breakfast was awsome especially the hot waffle .we love to tell other people about our experience . The Motel is by freeway and it's close to the citycenter. We enjoyed staying at days inn all time  
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>getacloo
<Content>decent for the price Overall a great stay for the price. I booked directly on the website because it had the cheapest price for a standard queen non-smoking room. I was impressed with the bathroom and overall cleanliness of the room although there were some stains on the carpet. The heating unit was also slow to start but after an hour or so it worked fine. Paid around $65 for new years eve and thought it was a great deal. Parking was easy to find and the hotel itself is right off the highway. I did not have trouble sleeping due to highway traffic and didn't even notice it until the next morning. Continental breakfast leaves a bit to be desired although the waffles looked good (didn't try any). I'd recommend it to anyone looking for a quick, cheap place to stay.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>hazelson
<Content>Nice place to stay! This place was very nice. Spacious rooms, good location for our needs. There is a restaurant close by as well as a Jack In The Box. Breakfast in the lobby was really good - with the waffle maker and lots of juices to choose from. There was freeway noise but we had the air conditioning on so it didn't bother us.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>evergrnls
<Content>good room with good breakfast we had a job in the nebhourhood. our crewmen and me stay there for week . room were clean everyday well done . our worker enjoy hot tub after hard working day.They loved free hot waffle and other stuff.best thing is they have free parking for big truck .love to tell other contractor to stay that place.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Billiam123
<Content>Disappointed in Seattle The AC was so ineffective ( would not cool the room) we were moved to another room. The bed was old and saggy. The pool and free breakfast were fine and the hosts friendly, but they seemed overworked (it was during a heat wave). Most important, the trash (papers and cigarette butts) was never cleaned from the ground areas while we were there. Compared to other low cost motels we used while on a six-week trip around the U.S., this gets - at best - two stars.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	2	1	2	3	5	

<Author>zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
<Content>Worst Hotel I have ever stayed in!!! This is quite possibly the worst hole, oops i mean hotel I have ever stayed in. There was no hot water, the bed made it impossible to sleep, and I wasn't sure if i would get better customer service from the staff or the roaches that I saw.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>PatfromKeizer
<Content>You get what you pay for We got a great deal on the price at this hotel. On the positive side, there was a refrigerator, microwave, iron and ironing board in the room, all fairly new and in good working condition. The bathroom fixtures were new. The room was clean. There was a nice outdoor swimming pool and spa. They served a continental breakfast with coffee, juice, cereal and waffles. On the negative side, we paid for our room in advance, called the day of our arrival to confirm that we would have a late check-in, and arrived to find that our room had been canceled because we didn't check in early enough. The desk clerk had to search to see if a room was available for us, and luckily found one for us. The room was supposed to be a non-smoking room but the room smelled like cigarette smoke and something else that was used to try to cover up the odor. There were cigarette burn holes on the bedspread. The lamp on one side of the bed was broken, the television picture tube was going bad so the picture was fuzzy and spread out. The pillows on the bed were so puny that we used towels to boost them, the fan in the bathroom made a loud clanking noise, and the bed was so uncomfortable that we both woke up with backaches. We probably won't be staying there again.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>mwcurlee
<Content>Perfect This hotel is perfect for staying at before or after a cruise, we were only staying one day and the room was ready early and it was clean and they were helpful. If you need a shuttle at an after hours time you just have to call them and they will take care of it! It's way better than the Best Value Inn in Renton! I would stay here a again in a minute.  
<Date>May 13, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>very good hotel with reasonable price We stayed at the hotel for two days to explore seattle area.what a convienient location to both seatlle and airport.The shuttle person was very polite and helpful.In the morning we loved the breakfast and my kids enjoyed the hot waffles.We would love to go back to that location again and would recommend our freiends too.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I will be back Cute hotel, nice lobby, clean room and a nice breakfast. I was in the area house hunting and stayed at this place for 3 weeks. The housekeeper did a wonderful job every day and I paid a really reasonable rate.I would tell anyone to stay at this motel.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pretty Nice! I stayed at Days Inn last month for a couple days while visiting my sister in the area.The room was immaculate and very comfortable.They offered a good breakfast and everything looked new throughout the motel. There was a hot tub that I used too. Other than they forgot to give me my wake up call, I liked this little inn.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>rae65
<Content>Extremely bad hotel, poor service The hotel itself was not very clean and the non-smoking room smelled of smoke and something else that is undescribable. Hotel seemed lax in security and was quite noisy. No microwave or indoor pool as touted by web site. Communication appeared to be a low priority as no one was able to answer such simple questions as Is there a nearby park? We had a reservation for 3 nights and checked out after the first night. Unfortunately the front desk staff failed to check us out and we were charged the full three days on our credit card despite paying cash upon surrendering the keys and notifying them of our departure. Subsequent attempts to handle this through the management have both failed and proved to be very frustrating. Had to contact the credit card company to dispute charges. Very unprofessional management/staff and a disappointing all-around experience. Check your credit card statement closely if you choose to stay at this hotel. The experience may do more than haunt you.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bien mais longe l'autoroute   showReview(19646520, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>JenjaySeevetal
<Content>Lage furchtbar, Hotel gut   showReview(10085850, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>2	3	4	1	4	3	3	2	

