<Author>xmas2213
<Content>Fabulous Fairmont! Stayed at the Fairmont for four nights as the first leg of a recent west coast holiday. The building itself is imposing and magnificent on the eye and the service of the staff was first class throughout our stay. We booked on a bed and breakfast basis and found the buffet to be of the very highest quality with service to match from the friendly and efficient staff. This is an absolute must if staying at this hotel even if you have to pay the $35 per head they normally charge. One down side particularly for the elderly or infirm is the properties location. Its sits atop Nob hill and is surrounded by very steep banks about 1 mile from the attractions of Union Square and Fishermans wharf. The cable car stops nearby but was regularly full especially for the return journey back up the hill and at $5 one way was a touch expensive. All in all first class and highly recommended  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>5	5	4	2	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Orlando80
<Content>Fairmont is worth the price!       Front View  
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>McGee_7
<Content>Terrific Hotel I stayed 3 nights at the Fairmont Hotel in late December for work and vacation. I got a room with a Bay view. The whole stay was terrific. The room was large and very clean, great bathroom. Super view, and the service was excellent. I also twice ate the breakfast buffet was very fresh and tasty. The hotel itself is an attraction, viz. the grand historic lobby, and it is also very well situated--20-25 min walk to North Beach, a few minute walk to financial district, Chinatown etc. I've stayed at a number of very nice hotels in different countries and this hotel is my favorite. I look forward to my next stay.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>loopies
<Content>Great views from upgraded room       View from our room on the 21st floor  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>BikeBum
<Content>Great Old World Hotel! Once again we took a week in one of our favorite U.S. cities. Spur of the moment, we booked the day before and got the deal of the century, directly from the hotel! Odd, as all our faves were full and it was one of the only nice places available. This was our first time staying at this posh old-world destination. Besides getting a greatly reduced rate, we received $100.00 to spend anywhere in the hotel (we drank it up in the bar, ;-) ), a nice bottle of Champagne with chocolate dipped strawberries delivered to our room and a commemorative book celebrating 100 years of this historical landmark.What really made it odd was the receptionist was also amazed at the deal we received. 鈥淲ow, how long ago did you book this package?鈥?鈥淵esterday.鈥?鈥淵ou鈥檙e kidding! We are full and actually having to take some guests to other hotels.鈥?(shrug)We had a room in the tower. It was certainly large enough for our week鈥檚 visit and well appointed. Bathroom included a shower as well as a large tub and a fantastic view. I spotted some minor things in the lobby area that could be taken care of but nothing of consequence. The location is fabulous but you have to remember you are at the top of Nob Hill, so there is always that climb for the walker (we walk everywhere). Considering that however, you are in the middle of everything the city has to offer.We would not hesitate to make the Fairmont home again, if we could afford it! We truly lucked out. Thank you Fairmont!  
<Date>Nov 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>choptliva
<Content>Wonderful respite on top of Nob Hill       Hotel exterior at night  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>SSemone
<Content>Kind of Oldish       San Fran  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>kiwibear
<Content>really fullfilled expectations Terrible flight from the UK, really tired. Took a shared shuttle and was last to be dropped off. And what a lovely surprise to see this wonderful hotel.My room was adequate and olde world as well as quiet and i really needed to sleep. However I was disppointed that there was no tea or coffee facility.Room service was extortionate so I just slept. The next day I found a really good cafe in the basement which i could get to by a back lift. They do great coffee and fruit salad which is a great alternative to the divine experience which is the Fairmont buffet breakfast. This was the greatest breakfast I have ever had to pleasure to devour.The concierge was helpful and a little dismissive., he had no great recommendations. The hotel felt like a refuge where I was safe and well looked after and it was central for galleries, shops,markets and other restaurants. It was wonderful and I would love to return one day with my partner for a romantic rendezvous.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>opel
<Content>Classy Old Dame that sits on the top of Nob Hill We (family of four) stayed at the wonderful Fairmont at the end of October 08,We got a super deal through Hotels.com but took the (non pushy)receptionists advice about upgrading our rooms.She was very helpful (I can't recall her name but I do recall she was in a Witches costume for Halloween!) and upgraded our boys to the 4th floor in the tower without charge and charged us $60 per night upgrade to the 20th floor in the tower which gave us breathtaking views of San Fran Bay/Alcatraz/The Golden Gate Bridge, a treat not to be missed!From the time that our taxi pulled up at the front door we really felt like we were truly appreciated as Guests by all the Hotel Staff,the wonderful classical Hotel reception is a very welcome alternative to today's modern hotels where one hotel is just like the last one you stayed in ,this beautiful building is exceptional and full of history, you will have great fun in reading the captions under the photographs that line the corridors, this all adds to the uniqueness of the Fairmont.!While the building is really wonderful it would be nothing without the exceptional staff.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DLPIsaac
<Content>The "Queen of Nob Hill" Continues to Reign My partner and I stayed at the Fairmont SF over Halloween weekend and both of us couldn't be more pleased with our experience. I personally have stayed at the Fairmont multiple times prior, but the last time was 6 years ago, so this experience seemed new to me as well. Everything and everyone we encountered at the Fairmont was first class. The timeless elegance of the Grand Lobby envelopes you in opulence without feeling stiff or too cold. Our arrival was processed swiftly and efficiently and we were ensconced in our room with our luggage within 10 minutes of walking through the doors, even though we arrived over 2 hours prior to the official check in time. I'm a member of the President's Club, so we were upgraded without asking to a corner room on the 9th floor of the Tower Building, which was just fine with us. I personally would rather have the breathtaking views of the Bay and Coit Tower out of one set of windows and the SOMA district out of the others. The concierge was extremely attentive and helpful with every request as were the room service attendants that we came in contact with. The hotel is located in a great location to traverse the city via any of the many forms of public transit available. The Fairmont truly is a wonderful hotel to stay at whether it be for a special occasion or just a get away from it all weekend. I cannot recommend it highly enough. We will surely be returning here when we come back to beautiful San Francisco again.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>icelove79
<Content>Great Stay We have booked The Fairmount hotel through travel agent, she got us a great deal for a standard room. Upon arrival hotel staff upgraded it for a room in the tower. the room was great with magnificent veiw of the bay, the only problem was they gave us the smoking room, we both non-smokers so the smell was unbearable. We asked them to change the room but hotel was completly booked, so they offer us the air cleaning machine and let us run it for the entire lenght of the trip, which was very nice of them. Its a great historic hotel with a very beatiful lobby, the cafe downstaris have the best coffe and crossants. i whould stay here again but I whould wait for a deal.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>wsn2176
<Content>Unbelievable Stay We got an unbelievable deal through Travelzoo.com for $179/night...which ended up including the best breakfast buffet I have ever had....french toast with bananas foster for topping, eggs benedict, omelette station, etc. Basically I feel like I got the room for free. They upgraded us to suite 715 upon our late arrival...for free as I had joined their rewards club when I originally booked the hotel a few months ago. All of the staff was very nice. I had no complaints at all. I would surely go back. And the lobby was beautiful. Excellent stay.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GatronomicDelight
<Content>Best Spot to Stay in San Francisco San Francisco is a great city with so much going for it one doesn't always focus on where they stay. However this year I found the best!! deal on expedia that introduced us to the Fairmont on Nob Hill. The locaion of the hotel might deter some as you are always climbing back up the hill to get home. However we love walking so that was a bonus and it is central to everywhere. The beautiful lobby provides a tremendous first impression to this historical hotel. Our room faced an inner court with no view but the room was extremely well decorated, meticulously cleaned , well equipped with anything you needed and quiet. We have travelled to this city many times and love it. The people are friendly and the staff of this hotel were no exeption they were tremendous. A hint for breakfast - great coffee in the downstairs small cafe by the cable car stop (busy but worth the wait for the coffee). Saturday morning you can walk down to the market - it was wonderful. Lots of great restaurants close by.Highly recommend this hotel!  
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cincitravelgal
<Content>Great Base for San Fran--Parking is OUTRAGEOUS! The Fairmont is a gorgeous historic property. We had a room on the second floor (though I requested higher floor) with a king bed and a view of the financial district. Our bed was comfy and the room felt pretty spacious. Bathroom was nice with Miller Harris toiletries! There may have been A/C in the room, but we could not tell if it was working. Fortunately, it was not too hot in SanFran while we were there...if we wanted to open our windows to the breeze (which, surprisingly, we could do on the second floor--no screens or bars!), we also had to listen to the trolley bells until about midnight as well as traffic. Beware that the valet parking costs $50 a night! With taxes, it came to about $64/night--absolutely outrageous! We normally don't have a car with us in the city, as we prefer to take taxis and walk everywhere, but we had been traveling south of the city before this and decided to just keep the car until going back to the airport. In other words, we paid $64/night to park our car and still paid to take taxis to dinner, etc. Do yourself a favor if you're staying within the city proper--don't rent a car! If you decide to venture out of the city for a day, rent a car from one of the city locations and return it the same afternoon. If you do have to drive in, the garage around the corner charges the same, so don't even bother looking elsewhere, you are a captive audience. Also, we noticed that the staff (and even the concierge) did not seem to have very strong opinions about the best places to dine or go for nightlife. We had done some preliminary research on Zagat and Citysearch, so had a fair idea of what we wanted, but when we had had enough fine dining and we were looking for a good local's perspective on a place to grab a good burger and a decent draft beer, they looked at us like we were aliens. For the pleasure of staying in a great location (be prepared for the hike back up the hill from anywhere you go--the way out is easy, the way back is EXERCISE!) with elegant surroundings, if you can get a good price in pricey SanFran, the Fairmont is a good deal (we got a corporate rate) and a memorable property. From a service standpoint, however, we were not really impressed and would not have paid full price for this experience.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>rangeley
<Content>Beautiful! This hotel is big and grand and has ornate features and an old charming style. Some peices throughout (wall paper, furniture) could use and update but overall it's really a great property. The location at the top of Nob Hill is nice - those hills really get you when you're walking up though! The Crown Room at the top of the hotel has amazing views of the whole city. Bathrooms are small, lots of rooms have just one double or queen size bed, there are nice flat screen tv's and bose radios and the suite I had had a huge balcony with lots of furniture which was great to relax on. I would definitley return.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Cillban
<Content>Perfect Hotel We stayed at the Fairmont for four nights as part of our honeymoon and had a fantastic time. The Fairmont is a fab hotel, historic, beautiful decor, great food and great location. It has all of these without being pretentious. The staff there are exteremely helpful and professional and add to the lovely atmosphere of the hotel. A tip for a bit of fun is book a meal in the The Tonga Restaurant in the hotel, beautiful thai food with a rainstorm about every half hour!! All ages will enjoy this. The location is also perfect as the cable cars stop directly outside the hotel so if you don't fancy the hills this will make life easier. Next time I am in San Fran I will most definitely stay in The Fairmont.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LittleSoot
<Content>Excellent, but... Superb, characterful hotel - old, but refurbished in style. I agree with other comments that the lobby is stunning but this is not continued throughout. The room was very good with huge, comfortable bed, desk and a couple of armchairs. Bathroom was very nice but small. Soundproofing was definitely a problem - both out to the hallway and between rooms. Breakfast was included in our deal and was to a very high standard, although as mentioned elsewhere, it did feel a little formal. Parking was $50 + tax/day! If you can afford to eat in I'm sure it would be very nice, but for the rest of us go to Fisherman's Wharf, Pier 39 and sit down at the Pier Market. Wonderful, fresh food at a reasonable cost  
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Chris4817
<Content>Very nice! Warning; They charge an extortionate Daily parking fee of $50 plus 14% tax so beware. Checking in slow but very friendly and with an exceptional lobby area. Rooms are as you would expect for a 5* hotel with the added luxury of what I can only describe as a sumptuous bed.On the negative side being an old building you can easily hear people through the corridors and with the obligatory loud American voice especially at 6am it can get very frustrating, oh and did I mention the parking fee of $50 a day? Other than that well worth a stay.I must recommend to eat at David鈥檚 Deli just down the road on Geary Street. For lunch a little expensive but superb, and for dinner THE PIER MARKET on pier 39 does excellent reasonably priced fish.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Canada_One
<Content>If this is #30 - Can't Imagine The Other 29 Fellow Travellers,Fairmont in San Fran was the last stop on our 5 hotel trip in California (1. Fairmont Miramar, 2. Inn of the Spanish Garden, 3. Intercontinental The Clement, 4. Napa Valley Lodge).First off, the Fairmont holds arguably one of the better locations in the city, right atop Nob Hill - great unless you have to walk up this hill a few times. So my first suggestion is to get a 3-day (or however many days your staying) pass for all transit and use it! It will save your feet. Two major cable car lines go right past the hotel.The hotel is certianly one of the most historic in San Fran, and the walls inside are fairly tastefully plastered with lots of memorabilia to remind you of this.The lobby is quite spectacular, with tons of marble and seating, all very old world style. Staff were wonderful with one notable exception - Rick. Rick was completely unhelpful both times I had the misfortune of trying to seek assistance at the front desk. Just avoid him and you will be fine!We initially had a room on the 14th floor, and the staff was happy to move us up to the top floor (23) the next day - so we had a spectacular view of the bay, including Alcatraz and the bridge.The Tower room was very nice, well kept with spacious bathroom completely swathed in marble. Seperate tub and glass shower - all the amenities you would expect.Beds exceptionally comfortable, staff all great (except Rick) and great location made for a memorable stay. Since I have a corporate rate, and also Fairmont President Club status was able to get an upgrade at a great price. Highly recommend the Fairmont President Club - one of the best in the industry in my humble opinion - and only 5 stays to get Gold status! This is nothing for business travellers.Would definitely stay here again. Only downside is, as with most large hotels, the price of food onsite is outrageous. I used my $50 food certificate for breakfast on the last day, and that did not even cover the full cost!! I have no problem paying $200- $300 for a great dinner at a top scale restaurent, but the idea of paying $60 for breakfast just spins me around. You can get a perfectly good breakfast sandwich, with large latte at Starbucks for $6.50. Nothing justifes 10x that.Wonderful historic hotel, great location (despite the climb to get there), great staff (except Rick), wonderful room and bath - no problem recommending this hotel. It should be higher on the list - in Top 15 I would think. Wish I had the time and money to hit the otgher 30 San Francisco hotels if they are all BETTER than the Fairmont - that would be something.End of hotels reviews for this trip (whew!), but now I have like twice as many restaurent reviews to write. All for a good cause fellow travellers.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>blissful1
<Content>Great Hotel       The Very comfortable bed  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Crumz32
<Content>The Fairmont SF is a Historical Wonder!       Lobby  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	4	4	

<Author>TXBusinessTraveler
<Content>Nothing bad to say, but was just OK I travel frequently for work and find myself in hotels at least 75 nights out of the year. Fairmont hotels are supposed to be breathtaking and top notch. While I can't really say too much bad about this hotel, I'll just say I don't think it would be worth the month for a regular rate. We received a corporate rate of $229 per night and I can honestly say I've received better rooms at a Hilton Garden Inn. The room wasn't ready when I arrived at 4pm which was odd because check-in was at 3pm. So I waited a while and was assigned a room on the 5th floor. It was just OK, nothing real special about it, just a standard hotel room. The food in the bar and restaurant is WAY overpriced, but I guess that is to be expected for San Francisco. If you want to get to the attractions of SFO this hotel is not real convenient, but it is a short ride on the trolley or by cab. Overall I'd have to say it wasn't BAD, but for the price most would pay for a regular rate, I'd check out less expensive options.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Msbell69
<Content>You have got to visit this hotel property We went to San Fran for the 2008 Labor Day Weekend. We stayed for 4 nights and wish we would could have stayed for 4 more.If you remember the 80's TV Show called Hotel, this was the hotel it was filmed in and modeled after. This hotel lobby will take your breath away. I have stayed in many 5 star and 4 Diamond level properties and this one is right up there.The stay was great, the chamber maids were extremely pleasant, the concierge knew everything about the hotel and the surrondings and the drinks at the bar were out of this world.The hotel is so beautiful that over the 4 nights we were thier they had 2 weddings a day. The hotel is located directly at the top of Knob Hill which is between the Union Square area and Fisherman's warf.You can walk to Union Square but not to the warf due to the hills and the grade.I can go on and on with my bits to make you feel comfortable about this hotel but I do not have the time. I can tell you that I we have booked this hotel again for our trip back to San Fran over Christmas.PS - I did forget one thing. The hotel has two areas for rooms. You can stay in the original side or on the new tower side. Here are the differences:Original Side - These rooms are larger, have 12 ft ceilings, all the old wonderful crown modeling, victorian type look and feel and all the charm. The only draw back is you do not have a view. You only look out over the garden area or onto the street.The Tower side - These rooms are not as large (they are approx 450 - 500sq ft not including the very large bathroom) The views are either of downtown looking onto Union Square OR directly facing the bay. We were on the 20th floor and looked direclty at the bay, golden gate bridge, alcatrez and China Town. The view was worth every dollar spent.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>doledes
<Content>Nice but.. I booked a 3 nights stay at the Fairmont, looking for an upscale 5 stars hotel. After my stay, some expections were met, others weren't. The Fairmont is a real 5 stars hotel in many things but some aspects let the expernece fall down.The building is nearly at the top of Nob Hill, offering wonderful sights on San Francisco.At my arrival immediataly 2 members of the staff were ready to open taxi's doors and take the luggage out of the car; they gave me a card in order to take my suitcases back after the check-in.The lobby is not huge but spectacular, one of the best I ever seen: floor and colums full of marble, beautifiul ceiling and carpets.Due to a misunderstanding between the hotel and my travel agency, my booking (2 queen size beds room) were transormed into a king size bed room. Because there weren't other 2 queen beds room available, I was upgraded to a larger room with a partail view of tha bay in which they placed a rollaway bed.The check-in was anyway fast, then a bell-boy immediatelky took our luggage to the room.Lifts and corridors are nothing special compared to the lobby; the size of the room was quiet good (about 30 sq. mt): there were a very comfortable king size bed in the middle, an LCD flat screen (37 or 40), some lamps and 2 armchairs. There were a small marble bathroom (product's bathroom were Miller Harris) and a big closet.The room (located in the old palace) was full of contradictions: beutiful lamps but and old armchair, marble bathroom but an old bathtub, a beautiful bed and an LCD TV but old and not very clean curtains.And this was the feeling I had during my whole stay.Every morning they left in front of my door a copy of the US Today.On one day of my stay, SF authorities had planned to simulate a huge nuclear attack in SF's downtown. The evening before, hotel staff informed me about this event with a very detailed letter describing this training (in the letter there was even the street that would had been closed). A nice and useful touch.Staff confirmed their skill when I informed a guy about a stain on the rollaway bed's sheet. I wrongly thought he was a member of the housekeeping but I didn't need to call housekeeping to let the sheet change: this guy (probably a hotel's supplier) informed directly hotel staff.The hotel offers two great restaurant options: the famous Tonga Room and a restaurant adjiacent to the lobby that, as the latter, has amazing walls, furniture and ceiling.Since electronic check-out wasn't available on my departure date, I checked out at the front desk and they took me off the rollaway bed costs (90$).Another nice touch I really appreciated. I think one of the basic 5 stars hotel guests' expectation after paying a lot of money for a room is not to find a hotel where everyone seem to be ready to charge everything (another example of this king is the minibar that was not, luckily, an electronic one. At the check-out I was happy to hear again after a long time the question did you take something from the minibar?).And finally here are the issues I found that don't allow me to describe my Fairmont experience like a five stars one: 1. my room wasn't absolutely soundproofed. Always, especially in the early morning, I could hear from my bed many terrrible and very noisy door's slams. This was REALLY ANNOYING and out of standars for a luxury hotel. 2. something looked old and not being subjected to the recent restructuring: one the left carpet of the lobby there was a big rip, like on a sheet of my bed. And, as I wrote before, corridors, lifts and moquette were not in line with the beauty of the lobby.All in all, the Fairmont SF has all the features in order to be an amazing hotel: beautiful building and common areas, and a very skilled staff. They just need to bring to higher levels all the details I described. So probably, actually at the Fairmoint's rates, it's possible to find something better in SF.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	5	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>mushmouser
<Content>Great place; worth the money       july 08  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BaltNj
<Content>Perfect hotel, but with one big problem       Lobby  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>4	1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>thearts
<Content>Absolutely top notch professional service The Fairmont is simply classy. It's difficult to find such high quality service and professionalism these days. If you want a truly exceptional experience at such a world class hotel, stay here. You won't be disappointed.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mccarthys5
<Content>Beautiful classic old-world style hotel...with a couple of glitches We just returned from a 3-night stay at the Fairmont. We stayed in room 675, which is the older main building, not the tower. The room we booked was a queen sized bed, interior courtyard view. There is no view to speak of - you're looking at the room across from you. That was fine and I knew that when I booked the least expensive room. Check-in went smoothly and they were able to accomodate our early arrival time of 11 am.The room itself was gorgeous and fairly large. The bathroom is a bit small, but nicely appointed in marble and the shower pressure is excellent. Great walk-in closet. Has the usual overpriced minibar and the dresser was kind of small if you were staying for more than 3-4 days, but the closet space more than made up for it. Very clean. The beds are the BEST I have ever experienced at any hotel (sorry Ritz Carlton!) and were so comfortable that falling asleep was effortless.While falling asleep was effortless, actually STAYING asleep provided to be the greater challenge. The walls in the main building are paper thin and the couple in the room next to us on our first night there was having the most major of arguments, complete with things being thrown around the room and profanities abounding. We called security at midnight and things did seem to calm for awhile, but picked up again with the same behavior. We could hear everything. Granted, these people were completely inconsiderate, but even when the tenants changed the following day, we could still hear talking - so just beware that while the rooms are indeed beautiful, your conversation and activities are not completely your own.The lobby is indeed palatial and deserving of its place in grand hotel history. Complimentary coffee was offered in the morning. We did not eat at all in the Laurel Court, although it did look quite nice.The other hiccup in our Fairmont stay was the Tonga Room - the lower floor bar complete with fake rain, thunder and lightning. We went on Friday night for happy hour, since we had read multiple times that this is the best happy hour in the city. What a joke. The buffet is a waste at 9.95, nasty frozen egg rolls and overfried chicken wontons with salty noodles on the side. Don't even bother. We were definitely disappointed in the Tonga Room. The thunder and rain effects appeared super-cheesy as well - to be honest, they do a better job with that kind of thing at any Rainforest Cafe.The staff was very friendly. Maid service was great. We requested a wake-up call our last evening there and it was promptly administered the following morning.Location is wonderful atop of Nob Hill - really can't ask for anything more with the location of the Fairmont in San Fran. I'd stay there again with a couple of things I'd change now that I have firsthand knowledge. I'd spring for a room in the tower with the hope that the walls have to be thicker since it is a newer structure and I'd avoid the Tonga Room at all costs.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>buttonhead
<Content>Shouldn't be missed!       front of the Fairmont  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>travellingfatcat
<Content>Living on past glory... Positivley; the hotel had a good location at the junction of two cable car lines. Furthermore, the hotel itself had a very grand reception area and bar. However, the room itself left much to be desired....We had a room in the tower which we had paid extra to have a view of the city. In our opinion the room was very dated and in need of modernisation. For example, we found a hole in one of the curtains and even the switches of the table lights were circa 1950!However, our worst experience was dealing with the concierge who was exceptionally rude; during our entire conversation he did not come off the telephone. Even then, the advise he gave us was inacurrate and did not answer our question.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	4	1	-1	

<Author>Doughballs
<Content>Beautiful but formal We stayed in the Hapsburg Suite (sounds grand but basically a bedroom with an extra lounge).On entering, the building is very impressive, with a marble interior . The lobby cannot be faulted but it is not a place to 'be comfortable' in. The whole atmosphere of the hotel is grand and rather staid. The room was faultless. Miller Harris toiletries in the bathroom, beautiful decor, very spacious.And yet, despite is central location on Nob Hill, and at the crossing of two cable lines, I did not feel central. It is a 10 minute cable ride to Fishermans Wharf - but on coming back up again the wait for the cable was half an hour. It is 5-10 minutes walk down a steep hill to Union Square, but a cable car on the way up is recommended. A beautiful and historical hotel, but maybe not the best for a relaxed family holiday.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	3	3	4	3	

<Author>Richard_evs
<Content>Would highly recommend!       View from our room  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Monkfish1
<Content>Charming grand hotel Fantastic hotel with that grand and beautiful lobby on entry , very friendly check-in staff who kindly offered us a rollaway bed so the three children didn't have to share two double beds. The concierge were always friendly offering great restaurant advice for dinner. room was fairly large which was very clean and well maintained. The breakfast buffet Laurel Court is terrific!  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>KateM1981
<Content>At the top of a very steep hill, but great hotel We stayed at the Fairmont as part of a wedding party otherwise we probably wouldn't have picked it. Try and get a room high up - preferably in a corner - we were in 614 and had three huge windows with the most incredible views south over the city. We didn't draw the curtains at night so we could wake up and see the view.Everyone else talks about service and the lobby so I'll keep my review to this - don't stay here if you can't manage walking up hills. The Fairmont website claims to be close to the BART station, which isn't exactly a lie, but the map doesn't show hills. The Fairmont is at the top of one. A steep one. Luckily, we braved the streets and traffic and drove our bags to the hotel before dropping the car off at the airport after having been to Napa. Frankly we wouldn't have made the hills, up or down, with our luggage. Even without heavy bags, the hills do put you off coming and going more than once a day, unless you are either driving or are prepared to pay for taxis everywhere.If nothing else, to say you stayed at the Fairmont San Francisco is a real buzz so you forgive the hills and the fraying decor (as did John McCain who stayed there 2 days before us), and you're guaranteed to always find you hotel in SF/USA guide books - it's a city landmark.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	2	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>perfectlyfrank
<Content>Classic Hotel with Style and Charm My wife and I stayed at the Fairmont for two nights, 7/26 and 7/27 and we were quite impressed with the grand lobby. In addition, having gotten a super rate with Expedia for 60% off, we upgraded to a Tower Room with a scenic view of Union Square and the rooftop gardens.The room was very spacious, with a comfortable king-size bed, separate desk and dresser. The bathroom was very luxurious, with a glass-enclosed shower and marble sinks and counter.As for the location, we LOVED being on top of Nob Hill. I got two 3-day MUNI passes, so we walked DOWN the hills for breakfast and took the cable cars UP the hills afterwards. For the folks that bad-mouthed the hotel as being dated, I much prefer these turn-of-the-century grand dames to the cookie cutter Marriotts and Hiltons that look the same in every city. A good suggestion is to join their Presidents Club for free and then you get free internet access and free gym usages.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>thebeerhunter
<Content>Very nice hotel, dated decor in some respects       Coit tower from sitting room window  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wjschmonsees
<Content>Great Hotel, a Few Old-Hotel Drawbacks We loved the hotel! It is really a beautiful property with a look and feel that are at once classic and funky. The staff were very friendly and helpful. We would gladly stay there again if we got a deal in the same price range ($150/night). There were just a few things we didn't like, but they are understandable in any old hotel. The worst thing was that the walls transmit any and all noises between rooms. We changed rooms once when we were overpowered with the voices of the guests next door, but then discovered that even in our second room we could also hear everything that was said next to that room. Also, the bathrooms are very small, though they are very nicely renovated and were find for our use. Finally, the elevators are extremely slow. We didn't mind these drawbacks too much in the end; the classic feel of this grand old hotel and the great attitude of the staff more than made up for it.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Critical_Mind
<Content>Good hotel with smooth service The Fairmont San Francisco is, without doubt, one of the world's grand hotels. And it deserves this reputation. Some of the facilities (the 1970s Tower extension) are a bit dated, but generally, it is a very good hotelWhen we arrived at the hotel very late (around midnight), because our plane was delayed, we were no longer given a room in the historic part (as booked), but the tower. However, they upgraded us to a top floor, corner view deluxe room (we were actually on the same floor as the InterContinental's hotel bar 'Top of the Mark' opposite, which we could easily look into). The room facilities were excellent with grand interior design and a cosy, elegant atmosphere. The bathroom was spacious and clean - providing a separate shower, toilette and bath tub. The bed was very comfortable, the desk perfect for my business needs and we could generally not fault the hotel or its service with anything. We arrived back in San Fran so late that all restaurants were shut and we thus decided to use the room service. The drinks and sandwiches arrived on time and were of good quality. Checkout was very good. Quick summary:Location: Very goodFacilities: GoodRooms: Very goodSpecial factor: the entrance hall and the bar just look amazing. Service: Very good  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>bwkchang
<Content>Historic luxory hotel at good location I stayed in the hotel two days in July 2008. Though the hotel rate is expensive, it is worthy. The hotel building itself is an antique. The lobby is classic and beautiful. The room is spacious and equipped with large LCD TV. The bathroom is big and the bed is comfortable. Staff are polite and helpful.The hotel is located at the juction of the two cable car lines that you can take any cable car easily as many people may change car there. Moreover, it is not far away from China Town.However, it is a luxory hotel that you need to prepare to pay for broadband access which is usually free at lower class hotel. Also, the hotel has its designated airport shuttle services that is $4/person higher than market. In case you want to save money, you need to call your shuttle yourself.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>jshien
<Content>Great old classic hotel stayed at the fairmont atop nob hill or as locals call it snob hill over the july 4th weekend. it was a great stay. we stayed in one of their original suites in the main building it had a separate living room and a balcony that stretched the entire length of suite. the balcony looked out upon their rooftop garden. very classic room with great character, didnt have the best view of the city though. for better views of the city i would recommend getting a room in the towers and ask to face north. the front dest service was exceptional they were very willing to accomodate to try to get us the best view possible. we decided on the suite for its charm and huge balcony. just poked our head into the tonga room and looks like could be fun, tiki and polynesian feel bar. the workout facilities are pretty good. the hotel has a great central location to all the touristy stuff. walkable to chinatown. we also walked to fishermans wharf but wouldnt reccomend walking back since its all uphill. the cable car lines are very accessible, all the lines have a stop right by the hotel. definitly recommend getting a citypass for however long your staying as the $5 cable car rides add up. i think they're only $18 for 3 days unlimited rides. we didnt get the citypass thinking we werent going to use the cable car lines but were we wrong we used them everyday to get to all the major tourist spots. there's also great bike rentals around the city. didnt try any of the restaurants at the hotel but did get breakfast room service daily and it was very delicious! the maid staff was great cleaned the room twice a day. overall thought this hotel was great with its location and service. do keep in mind that the hotel is very old it has lots of history and is one of the key landmarks in san francisco. so if your looking for all new modern sleek hotel then this probably isnt right for you. now that doesnt mean its shabby by any means. its very grand and old school feeling with great marble columns and the rooms all have flat screen tvs. just remember its got lots of history behind it!  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>SoCal_Mommy
<Content>Wonderful service! We just got back from San Francisco - got an amazing deal on Hotels.com for the Fairmont, though after calling the website to make sure we had 2 beds (we have 2 small daughters) they still only booked a one-bed room. I found that out when we called on the way up to confirm our reservation. The hotel's answer was Don't worry, we're the Fairmont, we'll take care of it, and they did, in the middle of tourist season, for all 4 nights, at no extra charge.The only downside to this hotel is the location - there are no quick  easy restaurants nearby, though there is a little coffee and pastry shop at the base of the hotel by the trolley car stop. Room service is expensive as it is at all high-end hotels, and an easy, affordable bite to eat meant taking public transportation down the hill to either Little Italy or Market Street, which isn't easy with kids.If you stay here, you will get excellent service in a luxurious hotel featuring an elegant marble-filled lobby and spacious rooms. We were thrilled with our experience.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bhattara
<Content>What a lovely place I really enjoyed this hotel. I travel a great deal. We had to go to a conference in June. My wife got a great deal (rare to get) on the internet. It is a outstanding atmosphere, wonderful breakfast buffett, and top notch service. You really get spoiled. It is a very good location close to China town and a short cab drive to Fishermans Warf. I am a discerning traveler and for me to rate excellent only comes 10% of the time.Bottom line if your business is paying for it or if you get a great deal on the internet take it. The tonga room is fun also (lower level Bar)Raj  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>hedgehogVancouver
<Content>I love this hotel Stayed at the Fairmont 2 nights. Was upgraded to a Signature room from a Fairmont room because of a slight mixup with the reservations. Because of the mixup, the front desk directed us to the lounge where we received a complimentary drink. That doesn't sound like much but my drink was a good glass of Cabernet at $18.00 a glass and my son had a $6.50 non alchoholic drink. The signature room was on the 12th floor with an incredible view of the city, Alcatraz, and Telegraph hill......spectacular! The service in this hotel is very good and the hotel itself is stunning inside. Only negative is cost of parking which is valet only at $57.00 per day.......ouch! There is no self park at the hotel anymore. That's a bit outrageous.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>blkjck5697
<Content>Grand hotel in a grand city There is a reason why this hotel is the flagship property of the Fairmont Hotel chain. The moment you walk into the lobby, you are transported to what hotels were like in the past. Positively sumptuous. We stayed on the 7th floor of the tower, and we had no complaints whatsoever. From our room, we were able to see the corner of Powell and California, where two of the cable car lines intersect. The Powell St. line took us on one end to Fisherman's Wharf, and the other to Market Street, taking you through Union Square. The California Street line took us down to the Ferry Building at the Embarcadero. While I wouldn't use cable cars as a primary means of transport (make sure you either buy a 1 day or at least a 3 day MUNI passport), being on a cable car is much more enjoyable than walking the steep hills of SF. This is a prime consideration as the hotel is at the top of Nob Hill.Our room was very large, with probably the biggest bathroom I have seen in a hotel that wasn't part of a 5 star resort. The bathroom was lined with marble, and had a huge shower and separate bathtub, along with a semi-private area for the toilet. The king bed was quite comfortable, and there was ample room for a desk and sitting area. There was a 32 LCD TV, and the channels were all quite clear. If there are things to complain about: $50 a night for parking, and then 14% occupancy tax is charged to make the total nightly cost $57. For some reason, the maids were compelled to turn the temperature on the thermostat to the lowest level on the dial (50F, and set to cool), when the temperature outside was never higher than 60F the days we were there. We did not take advantage of any of the other hotel services like the restaurants or room service other than getting coffee at Caffe Centro on the parking level. There were too many great choices for dining that are close by, either in Chinatown or Union Square.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>IanUK72
<Content>Grand Hotel with Grand View Arrived at Fairmont around 3pm to have our car door opened and luggage immediately taken off us by the bell boy as we were shown into the vast and brightly decorated lobby. There were plenty of relaxing and comfortable chairs, sofas and seats positioned conveiently around the lobby, with lovely colourful flowers in between. Huge lights and candleabras lit up this lobby to a great effect and atmosphere as people came and went.Check in was smooth and we were advised where to go. We had to the new tower on 27 floor I think with sweeping views of the bay area and brdige/alacatraz. It was mainly foggy when we went but that didn't make it dissapointing.The room was large ad well appointed. A King bed which was very comfortable, with desk and chair/business area with lap top access, chaise longue, bedside cabinets with I-POD alarm clock and LCD TV/HD were among the modern amenities. The bathroom was large with a large shower and bath, bathrobes, seperate area for the toilet and a good size sink area. All in all a very clean modern and well decorated room. Although we had a connecting door we heard no noise at all from fellow guests despite being near the lifts. I know other reviewers complained about this, but in the tower it di not seem to be an issue.We had a lovely breakfast in the spacious dining room. My wife had a buffet whichshe said was plentiful and tasty, with s seperate egg station, fruit, pastries, cereal and the regular hot and cold things such as bacon, sausages etc., and a fantastic banana cake and scones - delicious!! I had an A la Carte omellette and hash browns and it was very good indeed, rounded off with noce strogn coffee and a tasty and refreshing OJ! Went for dinner one night to find out it did not open on Sunday or Monday, so did not try it which was a shame as we were looking forward to a nice dinner there.A nice touch was free coffee and tea in the morning. Before we went on a couple of tours early, it was nice to go to the urn and pour a couple of coffees for along the way. Shame more hotels don't do that!Our 4 days were great there. We had little demands or needs as I had planned before hand. One question we did have for the concierge was dealt with off hand and a tiny bit rude, but he was busy, and I was not that upset by it!All in all, a fantastic grand hotel with a nice comfortable room and good (mostly) service from all we encountered. Would stay again.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>mad_scotty_dog
<Content>Great hotel in a cold city! I stayed in this hotel for 6 nights in June 2008. It is a beautiful hotel and with a great view from the rooms in the tower (get one here if you can). The rooms are large and well equiped, although without any in-room coffee making facilities. Staff were very helpful. The surrounding area has little to get excitied about except the view.As expected, the hotel knows how to charge - the minibar is very expensive as is breakfast. I had breakfast most mornings in the Cafe Centro on the Parking level of the hotel, which is much more reasonable, but there are good cafes only a couple of blocks away (Gallery Cafe, 2 blocks north on Mason was best). Web access and the gym are also charged, but are free if you join the President's club (which I did on site).Another point - it was cold and windy in SF in late June - beware!!  
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>g0_away
<Content>Nice hotel, aggressive maids I've always been a fan of Fairmont's older, legacy hotels like the Copley in Boston and decided to try their offering in SF. Service was generally excellent at check-in and at the hotel lounge, but the concierge was unable to suggest simple offerings such as a good local lunch place outside the hotel to grab a burger  beer (was told the hotel lounge was the only place he knew) and a local pastry place to buy snacks for a meeting (was told to try the hotel coffee shop...I sensed a trend there). The room was nice and clean and although I didn't spend much time there, I did have maids barge in during two of the three days of my stay hours after they had already made up the room and I'm still not sure why this happened. The highlight of the hotel was my cityview sixth floor room in the main hotel...nothing beat sitting back at the end of the day and watching the sun set over the bay which was mostly visible from my room. The old school windows also opened enough to let in the SF fog at night to cool down the room. All in all it was a pleasant experience and I wouldn't mind staying here again.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pandabear88
<Content>Great.....for older people Even though I'm from SF, I stayed here because the company I work for had some sort of conference......It's an old classy hotel. Nice restaurants and bars. Close to all the shopping. The top floor has a beautiful 360 degree view. of SF The terrace restaurant/bar is great if the weather is nice. The lobby was really confusing because of all the different elevators. It also felt like a maze...Definately great for couples and OLDER tourist.  I do not recomend this place for a bunch of friends in their 20's-30's that just want to have fun to stay here. Go to the W.I rather stay somewhere modern/contemporary...new/remodeled.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>ajd1307
<Content>loved it... exceptional service, one of the most comfortable beds we've ever slept in, great location, beautiful hotel--highly recommend it  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>alisononthego
<Content>Beautiful, historic hotel in great location We stayed three nights this month at the Fairmont and loved it. The room in the tower was comfy and a good size. The bathroom had a free standing shower as well as a deep bath tub. The toiletries were luxurious - we want to find where we can order the soap! The bed was super with lots of pillows in all sizes and luxury lines and comforter.The Fairmont is at the top of a hill in the Nob Hill district. The cable car goes almost right to the door and we learned the last day that going through the parking garage was the quickest way to our room. Unfortunately, you can not buy a cable car pass at the hotel, but it was three blocks down the hill to Walgreens to buy the pass. A single ride on the cable car is $5 with no transfers. The 3 day pass was $18.00 for unlimited rides. It also included the historic street car along the waterfront and the bus system - but not the Bart.Between the cable cars and the street car we could get everywhere we wanted to go. Taking the cable car to Fishermans Wharf is a longer ride, and it is a long line to get back on at Fisherman's Wharf to go back to the hotel. We found the cable car to Embarcadaro - was quicker and the Ferry Building was a new find after many trips to San Francisco. From there you could take the street car to Pier 39 or Fishermans's Wharf.The Fairmont was a great treat and San Francisco is still one of my favorite cities.One final note - try not to park at the Fairmont - it was $57 a night!  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ANPRGuru
<Content>A Hotel with history and a room with a WOW view       View from the sitting room of the Telegraph Suite  
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mercsl
<Content>Very corporate...good for conventions and weddings I stayed a the Fairmont on a Saturday night for three nights having come in from the UK that day. I had a room in the tower with was quite nice with a great bathroom. That's when the trouble started, I heard some music on and off from what seemed above me. Trying to get to sleep at 10pm (I was very jet lagged from the UK) music was booming from above. I went to reception and they explained it was a wedding party on the top floor function room and they always got complaints right down to the 17th floor rooms. They said it would stop at 12am but I explained for me it was like 4am in the morning and we needed to sleep. I could not believe this was happening in a hotel like this. We were not warned at all when we checked in.Also the bar downstairs where I was forced to stay until 12am was packed with wedding people.My advice is not to stay on a Saturday to avoid weddings and the noise if you are staying in the tower.Next thing that dawned on me that this is heavily used as a conference centre, I found myself at breakfast surrounded by computer guys with name badges talking about server blades.Last thing I want on a vaction especially at such at high class hotel. The good things, the breakfast buffet was excellent and The Tonga room was a fun, pleasant surprise and worth visiting even if you are not staying at the hotel.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	4	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>jvdv
<Content>Top Hotel We loved the Fairmont. It is a beautiful, nicely restored hotel on top of Nob Hill. It is in walking distance of Union Square.We stayed in a beautiful suite [room 636] with a very large balcony with a partial view on the bay and the ocean. Sitting out there, eating breakfast in the early morning sun, it was just gorgeous. The service is top rate and the prices too [e.g. overnight parking $57], but it was worth it.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>mtodd003
<Content>Luxury with Bargain Price Through the JetBlue website, I selected hotels in San Francisco. The Fairmont came up as a choice for an unbelievable price of $167 per night. We have paid much more than that for hotels with less quality. The service at this hotel was outstanding and the room was beautiful. As promised by the hotel's website, we were given a room with a view of San Francisco. The view was truly panoramic and lovely. The room itself was modern, clean and nicely decorated. It was really elegant. The only downside to this hotel is having to pay $50 a day for parking our rental car. Although I wouldn't mind paying something, my husband and I thought the price was excessive.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ginaswork
<Content>Well worth it - great experience! Loved, loved, loved this hotel! We got a great price via hotels.com and got to enjoy two nights in the hotel (not the tower). Highly recommend you stay in the main hotel - not the tower. The room was very spacious with high ceilings. There was a wonderful walk-in closet, two double beds, a sitting area and a large flat screen television. The bathroom was spotless and very spacious, with a marble floor, two fluffy bathrobes and tub/shower. The history surrounding the hotel alone makes the stay special. There is a long hall that houses a photo-gallery history of the hotel. Very interesting. The staff was very helpful. The concierge, Nelson, was fabulous. The desk staff was also very friendly and helpful. The hotel's location was the icing on the cake. You can catch the trolley just outside the back of the hotel. (We easily jumped on the trolley, paid our $5, and were whisked off to Pier 39.) It's also close to The Huntington Hotel - home to the Nob Hill Spa, which is outstanding by the way.The downsides: * $50/day charge to park your car in their garagea (though I must admit, they were very gracious the day we were leaving -- they let us keep our car in their garage and said they would not charge us for an extra day if we returned a bit late from our sight seeing.)* Room service - food quality was a huge disappointment and the prices were so inflated, it was almost laughable. Do not order room service unless you have money to burn and no tastebuds.Overall, however, this hotel is magnificent - and a must-stay if you've never experienced it before. Would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	2	3	

<Author>TravelingDJ
<Content>Amazing - Beautiful building History....So much history. The architecture of the building is exquisite. I stayed in suite 220 in the main building. The tower building is much newer and was recommended but I really love the fact the main building is over 100 years old. My suite included a nice balcony. The bed was extremely comfortable. The room was very large. The only downside I had was the house keeping staff forgetting to put a menu in the room for me. (It happened twice). Other than that my stay was perfect. The bell man (Junior) and Concerge (Albert) were amazing. Every staff member I encountered were very friendly and helpful. I am looking forward to returning to this grand dame again. This hotel is located in the Nob Hill district. The cable car has two connections right outside the hotel which was very convenient for my daily trips to Union Square and the Moscone Center. I would highly recommend this hotel for all.If you are looking for a great meal . The house of Prime rib is a must. No seafood no steaks only prime rib. They informed me they only do one thing and they do it well. It was the best meal I had on this trip. This place was run like a well oiled machine. Perfect. The chef will bring the prime rib to your table to be sliced for you. I highly recommend The House of Prime rib. It is only a couple of blocks away however I do recommend a cab unless you like all the ups and downs of the streets. Oh So San Francisco....  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>tmg74
<Content>Spectacular Located atop Nob Hill, The Fairmont has a long and rich history. Having survived the 1906 Earthquake and Fire, the inside was rebuilt and has been welcoming the rich and famous ever since. You will never see another lobby as majestic, classy and historical, yet without the musty smell others have. The views from the hotel are second to none. I felt as if I could reach out and touch the Transamerica Pyramid from my window. The Fairmont holds restaurants, including the famed old-time tiki lounge, Tonga Room (this is a must see) and a spa. Room service is excellent, service is perfection and the rooms are outfitted with lovely amenities. And with other hotels comparable in price without the history -- The Fairmont is a must stay.  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Meathman
<Content>Class but Stuffy  Having looked at several properties in SF for our stay we decided to splash out and go for the Fairmont given its history and location. We were disappointed by and large.The hotel itself is set atop Nob Hill in a fab setting and looks all of it 5 stars from the outside. The interior is classy and in need of updating which I feel the hotel hides behind the vail of preservation on. The main problems I had with the hotel were the noise in the rooms (every door slammed shut when a visitor or maid closed it meaning sleeping beyond 7.30 / 8 in the mornings was impossible. This could be tackled easy enough but hasn't been and really ruined our stay. The sound of the slamming doors seem to echo around the vast corridors making it worse.The bar area is also poorly staffed and the staff that are there have a serious attitude when it comes to welcoming guests. Its like one drink and you're off - don't go making yourself comofrtable here. Considering the location the hotel bar is the only alternative for a relaxing evening drink - they could try harder.The afternnon lunch on the other hand is 5 star excellent and great value- well worth checking out! But the lounge downstairs seems to be rented out to parties quiet often and is only open to residnets occasionaly which is bizarre when you're spending $200+ a night to stay there! All in all a dispaaointing stay. The style and history of the place is sacrificed for the sake of some basic alterations and a course in manners to the bar staff.  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	4	2	2	4	

<Author>p750777
<Content>reliable fairmont       view while waiting for the elevator  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Varsityhotelier
<Content>Relying on past glories This palace of an hotel has a long and distinguished history in this charming city on the Bay. It sits solid as a rock at the top of Nob Hill. From upper floors there are fine views but lower floors see buildings opposite. Nob Hill is otherwise not a great location. You need the cable cars all the time to go down to where the main tourist activity is and then to come back and then the queues get a bit tedious. Of course you can get taxis but be warned we found taxi drivers quite unpleasant or they just didn't speak ever - possibly not English speaking. Also some crazy dangerous driving and one who didn't even know the centre of the city. Union Square which has some very nice shopping is about 10 minute walk downhill from Fairmont.Room: Our room was in the old historic building and it had a problem. Other guests in rooms either side of us could be heard spookily as if they were in our room. We could hear all the conversation which was annoying. The people were not even shouting - just chatting and we heard every word. Rooms in the newer tower at the Fairmont may not have this problem.The furnishing style is elegant and of the period. Very high quality fabrics and furniture abound in the room and bathroom but all are a bit faded. I conclude lack of investment in more frequent deep cleaning is part of it and just not replacing worn and damaged furniture,fittings and equipment. Housekeeping seemed well organised.As so often the case a mini-bar crammed with high profit items and no space for your own favoured beverage or necessary medication.Foyer : The foyer and adjacent restaurant are grand and lovingly restored. Even if you don't stay in this hotel do go into it for a cocktail just to see the vast splendid public spaces. Its also a fine looking building from the outside. Food : Dinner in the restaurant was a disappontment. To match the style and class rating of the hotel it should have been 'fine dining' but sadly it was very average dining and not worth the money. No evidence of flair or even particularly high quality of the ingredients in any of the dishes we had. Also a dreadful lapse in service from our waitress who forgot to serve the soup altogether.We didn't eat there again. A revealing customer service failure occurred when I handed in a guest questionnaire reply to the front desk marked very clearly that I was in the hotel and would not leave for 2 days yet - so time to act on my complaints. No response was received then or since to my polite explanation of our noise problem or the dinner service muddle. Maybe this is another of those once superlative hotels that relies on accolades in the past but frankly, in terms of attentive customer service and attention to detail is often surpassed by a lowly Marriott Courtyard that cares - that is where we will stay next time when in this enchanting city.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	1	4	4	1	-1	

<Author>jlaudan
<Content>Golden Stay on Parents' 50th Anniversary My parents celebrated their 50th wedding anniversary at the Fairmont. My dad specifically selected it because he remembered the Fairmont from the Hotel television series of the eighties. My parents enjoyed their stay very much. They were thrilled when the staff congratulated them on their anniversary, upon arrival, and the personal greeting of the manager. They were given a beautiful room with spectacular views of the Bay....it was perfect....and cost nothing extra; all it took was an email to the hotel's reservation manager. The Fairmont is a classy experience all around. Jose  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BettMom
<Content>Fabulous Fairmont Our family of 4 (teen boy, tween girl) just returned from a four night stay at the Fairmont San Francisco. My husband was attending a business function, so the company made the arrangements (they did good!). This was our first visit to San Francisco, and when I mentioned this to the young lady checking us in (Rowena), she went out of her way to make sure we were happy with our room. After considerable checking, we were offered an upgrade to the Piazza suite for an additional $150/nt. This included two rollaways for the kids. WOW! It was wonderful. Third floor, main building, views facingAlcatraz and the bay. Separate king master bedroom with walk in closet and bath. Kids also had great views, living room, desk area and dining area and their own bath. Plenty of room to spread out. The bed and pillows were like clouds. We travel often and I can honestly say this is the best I've slept in any hotel. Quiet and comfortable. Every morning I would throw the curtains open to take in the bay. The Fairmont was one of the best features of this trip. Great location. Grace Cathedral across the street. Chinatown and Union Square short walks. Longer walks coming back up the hills of course! Alot of people staying actually walked down to Pier 39 but you would probably want to catch a cable car back. There were cable car stops all around the hotel.Service at the hotel was always good, from housekeeping, front desk, bellman, everyone. If we ever get back to San Francisco we would most certainly stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Lraep
<Content>Comfortable Room Saw a good deal US$174 (Fairmont Exterior Queen/ Queen) on expedia  called the Hotel to match price.Line-up in front of Fairmont Member check-in counter was long, as everyone seem to be member now. The only privilege left is free internet usage. Requested for early check-in but room was not available on arrival.When we went back to check in after dinner, the Front Reception gentleman was very cheerful  hospitable, significantly different from the lady in the morning.The room was big and comfortable, with a huge walk-in closet.There is no convenience store nearby. If you need water etc., remember to buy some before going back to the hotel.Overall, an enjoyable stay.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	3	5	5	

<Author>volvo99
<Content>Classic San Francisco We recently enjoyed a weekend stay at The Fairmont San Francisco through Disney Vacation Club points usage. As a quintessential San Francisco property, there is much to this property as well as nearby.We stayed in room 590, the Dunkirk suite. It is a corner accomodation with great city views. It is well appointed in the classic sense; elegant Napoleonic decor along with modern touches like large flatscreens and two full baths. Along with numerous lounges and restaurants, I would recommend the Tonga Room. It is a Polynesian themed lounge and restaurant replete with thatched roofs, tiki iodols and rain falling from the ceiling accompanied by thunder from the loudspeaker. A true nostalgic experience!This hotel is ideally situated at the intersection of two cable car lines, and walking distance to Chinatown. It boasts an enviable location atop Nob Hill, and the service aspect from the staff is one of total service.This hotel is ideal for couples or families on a holiday, all the way to conventions. As it is a classic hotel, it will not have all the wired amenities of newer properties like a W Hotel, and Nob Hill is a bit far from the airport or Silicon Valley. However, if you enjoy classic hotels, this is among the best.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>yellowrose13
<Content>Great Rate and Quiet Stay Stayed here with a $249 night rate. Had read reviews of loud rooms so I asked for a quiet one when I checked in. Being a Presidnet's Club member helped, also...as I got a very nice room overlooking the center courtyard that was really quiet. Great staff and a nice stay.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>iamadamant
<Content>Very impressive.........       the large and amazing bathroom  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>Buben
<Content>Beautiful Lobby but a Little Shabby I had a very quick trip out to San Francisco for work, and stayed here for one night. I got a good rate (around $270 per night total), but I think I'd probably be disappointed if I paid that much and I was on my own dime.The lobby is enormous and beautiful. This is one of those old hotels that reminds you of another era. You feel like Humphrey Bogart or James Stewart might sit down across from you. The room I had, however, was in the historic building and was feeling a little rundown. There was a sort of odd musty smell; nothing I can put my finger on, but just felt a little shabby. The bed was fine, and the furnishings were fine. Just didn't feel all that luxurious. For the price I think is sometimes charged here, I'd be pretty bummed about it.From my perspective, the location was only so-so. It's on the top of Nob Hill, and I think there are probably some good restaurants around, but the surrounding streets didn't feel all that much like a neighborhood. No cafes, boutiques, little shops. (There are some really nice neighborhoods in SF, so this was something I'd be disappointed by if I were to have stayed longer).The coffee that's served in the lobby in the morning was really awful -- particularly for a city that's got so many nice coffee places. Check in was fine, although I didn't feel that it was that warm.All in all, if I were traveling to SF, I'd probably check out another experience here -- I am sure there must be some cooler hotels or ones that feel better kept up.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	-1	3	

<Author>travel2006j
<Content>Stay away from the historic Main Building rooms I got a room in the historic Main Building. It was relatively spacious, had high ceilings and a marble bath. Problems stemmed from the ultra thin walls that other reviewers had mentioned and moldly allergens that come with the age of the building. I could hear noise from rooms on both sides, including television/stereo, cell phones, conversations, and strange noises made in the middle of the night by one neighbor. I was basically woken up in the middle of the night 4 nights in a row. The hotel was supposedly completely booked and I was not offered a room in the Tower building. Also even though Nob Hill looks like a nice central location, it's on top of a very steep hill which made sightseeing and getting a quick cup of coffee a chore. The price of the hotel is not worth the trouble. If you're staying in the Tower building, it might be worthwhile if you have the money.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>jerome002
<Content>Amazing view over the bay, kitshy deisgn! but great if you like that! spend 4 days there for business. try to get a room with a view over the bay: I was overlooking Alcatraz Prison! the hotel has a great history as it is probably one of the first luxurious hotel of SF. Many famous people, from US president to actors came there. You feel the history with the rococo design. a bit kitschy but perfect for a romantic stay and great if you like this kind one hotel which reminds you the French Riviera. The staff was very helpful. the rooms are big, bathrooms nice with bath and shower, 32 LCD TVs. the lobby is huge with lots of private space if you need to meet people. There is a bar where you can have a big breakfast in the morning or have a drink later in the day. there is also another bar in the former swimming pool with an Tahitian theme where you can have cocktails or diner. didn't try the food but the cocktail were good (and pricey as it is a first class hotel). the gym is ok but you have to pay, sthg like $10 or $15/day. the hotel in on top of a hill so if you are a lazy type person you will have to take a cab or the tramway to come back or find another hotel downtown! it s a 5 min cab ride to go downtown and there are always cabs waiting at the entrance. the concierge has great restaurant recommendations. indicated me an awesome tapas place in the Spanish area. I would definitely come back even if they lack a pool....(I was there in the winter so not so inconvenient).last thing: have a drink in the hotel next door, in the tower: great view over SF  
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tcook052
<Content>Not much to fault at this local landmark       Large King bed under antique hanging light fixture  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>retiredincyprus
<Content>happy returns We returned to the Fairmont for the 4th time in 2 years and loved it even more if possible.We have travelled very extensively and even been to the Burj Al Arab in Dubai, which calls itself the best hotel in the world but the Fairmont is in a different league because the view is so amazing.We love the incredibly comfortable beds and linen and the new tower,where we always have a suite is quiet and enjoys the most spectacular views.Try to stay on high floor as this takes you away from the street noise.The restaurant could and should be better but the staff are superb and there are so many wonderful eating places on hand you don't need to eat in.A good tip-The restaurant at the Ritz Carlton just down the hill is world class(so are the prices).Don't miss this hotel if you are in San Francisco!  
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MissNippy
<Content>Loved it! What a stunning hotel. We stayed on the 23rd floor of the tower, and our room was lovely - very comfortable beds and a huge bathroom. All the staff were extremely friendly and helpful, and the concierge was particularly helpful with restaurant recommendations and travel planning. I'd recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>x2fr
<Content>Pretty nice...       nice view of cable car from room but noisy  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TakesPix
<Content>Overall a nice stay--But We Had a Major Security Problem The Fairmont was the last of three hotels we stayed at during a recent trip to Napa and San Francisco. Overall our impressions were good, although there was a major problem that shouldn't have happened. First, the good. We were in room 1801, right off the elevator on the 18th floor with a wonderful view of the Golden Gate Bridge, Alcatraz, and Coit Tower. Being so close to the elevator we were somewhat concerned about noise, but our fears were unfounded. The room was overall clean, although the duvet was torn--something housekeeping should easily have noticed and taken out of service for repair. The minibar was well stocked, as was the bathroom with toiletries, however there was only one robe where two should have hung. The bed was comfortable with Frette sheets, and there was a large flat screen LCD TV. The bad--Our second day there we returned after a day of sightseeing to find the door to our room had been left ajar by housekeeping. Fortunately we had locked up all valuables in the large safe, but it was very unsettling to know that anyone who happened by could have walked into our room and taken anything they wanted out of it. The front desk was called and a member of the hotels security staff was dispatched to read the records on the automatic door lock so they could determine who had left the door open. We felt that the hotel should have offered a small something as a token of apology--a few sweets left in our room while we were at dinner, or a couple cocktails at one of the lounges--we've been comped far more for far less serious issues at other hotels without asking. Unfortunately the hotel offered only an apology for our inconvenience.The hotel did bend over backwards when I became incredibly ill on our final day, offering to send a doctor and extending our checkout until late evening as we had a redeye home. All and all it was a nice stay, and we would return.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>CAtravel39
<Content>Beautiful I have to say that this minute you walk into this hotel you are amazed and feel luxurious. I loved the service the moment my husband and I arrived with our two children. We were there for our family Thanksgiving and stayed in a one bedroom suite with an amazing view and great bathroom. The other thing that I loved that although a high-end crowd there were people traveling with their children and those that weren't did not get too frustrated when we did sit and have snacks with them. There were many wonderful things to say about the staff, but really just entering the hotel was an experience and being there you feel like you are in a special place.Also, on the children front, there is a little park across the street that my children loved...not to mention the trolley ride they enjoyed.We will return!  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DANI24
<Content>Great hotel, thin walls The Fairmont is a first class hotel. They attend to the needs of their guests with grace and good humor. I learned this the hard way: My first night in the older part of the hotel was marred by incredibly loud noise from guests on both sides of my room; I didn't sleep much at all. Light sleepers, beware: ask for rooms in the newer (more expensive) wing. In the morning I spoke to reception. They were extremely apologetic and said that the hotel was fully booked but they'd see what they could do. And they did. When I returned at the end of the day, I discovered that they had placed me in one of the best rooms in the house, 22nd floor (new wing), overlooking the city and bay. Needless to say, I slept just fine that night. I will definitely return, AND ask for a quiet room next time!  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>alzo
<Content>a place with history stayed last week for four days what a grande old lady of hotels all the wow factor as you enter the main reception area ,stayed in the tower wing overlooking the bay very nice large clean room all mod cons ,laurel bar area also very nice and thanks to the brill staff in this area this hotel has history and was a real pleasure to view and stay one i will remember for many years to come congrats to all the staff and keep it like it is alan billington  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>daschle
<Content>the wonderful Fairmont Hotel Since I lived in San Francisco for over a decade, it took me until now to experience an overnight stay at the Fairmont. It is a wonderful, regal hotel with gorgeous views, beautiful rooms and a superb location. Turn your car over to the valet and don't give it another thought until your departure. Most destinations can be reached on foot, the cable car runs along side the hotel, and taxis abound. We have stayed in the newer section on the (I believe) 26th floor and also the older section on the 3rd floor. The older rooms are larger with beautiful moldings and high cielings. The local views are still observed from high in the air since the hotel is perched on the tip-top of Knob Hill but the views from the newer, smaller rooms are like those from the window of an airplane. The Tonga Room, within the bowels of the hotel, is not to be missed. It features fabulous tropical drinks, dancing and a hurricane bar attracting San Franciscan society as well as tourists from near and far.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>embolita
<Content>Experience the Grandeur of a Bygone Era       Coit Tower  The Bay as seen from 5th-floor Exterior Fairmont Room  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>CruisinFlorida
<Content>Clearly one of the best My recent stay at the Fairmont was my third in approximately 30 years. As a young child I traveled there with my family and remember watching Michael Douglas and Karl Malden filming the Streets of San Francisco in the hotel lobby. I recall the ornate, but classic lobby and the stately rooms. This hotel is clearly in an elite class. 12 years ago I returned with my wife and likewise throughly enjoyed my stay. This time I returned with my wife and daughter, both of whom found the hotel to be first rate. The hotel is at the top of Nob Hill right off the Powell street cable car line. The neighborhood is great and the location even better. There is nothing I can say negative about this hotel. The staff was courteous upon check in. When the room I had requested was not available, without request, I was offered a different upgraded room at no charge. The parking attendants were quick and efficient. The room was clean and extremely comfortable. I especially was looking forward to the comfortable beds which once again did not fail me. The large flat screen television was a plus. Lastly, our room rate included a buffet breakfast, which while pricey, was outstanding. All in all, this is the hotel to visit when in San Francisco.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>trvl2lv
<Content>Super Elegant, but maintenance questionable Stayed in the hotel for a week. The hotel is very elegant and majestic.Upon arrival we were assigned a room in the main (original) building. A wonderful big room with satin linen with gold colored trim on European (square) pillows. Marble bathroom, huge early 20th century closets and all necessary amenities as expected from a hotel of this stature. However, the hangers for the bathrobes hung neglected and empty. Settling in, I soon found a used toothpick on the coffee table under the hotel magazines. The toilet did not flush and the maintenance man who came explained that it could not be fixed easily and we were transferred to a room in the tower. The tower room though large did not have the charm of the main building nor the type of linen and pillows or the big size closets. But the view of the bay, Alcatraz, SF and the surrounding hills was magnificent. The furniture seemed to have been in the room ever since the tower was built and needed a make over. The air-conditioning did not function and a service man came and had to exchange the filter.The 42 plasma TV had a very limited number of channels and no foreign channels in English or other languages at all. Although towels and finely starched white cotton linens were changed daily, the bathroom was definitely not cleaned properly. The bath tub and toilet as well as the marble floor had visible dirt that was not removed unless maintenance called and specifically requested. A bobby pin found on the floor in the room the day we arrived, remained there throughout our visit. Obviously, if any vaccuming is done, it happens only in between the furniture on the main traffic areas of the room. The windows had oily nose and fingers marks on the inside which were not cleaned through our stay, and the outer side of the windows was dirty as well.A beautiful hotel, but maintenance is way below par.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tigerider
<Content>Beautiful hotel! Recently spent one night at the Fairmont. What a great and beautiful hotel. We stayed in the tower and the views were great. Request to stay on the side facing the pier if you can. Both sides offer good views, but from the one side you can see the Bridge, Alcatraz, etc. The rooms are large and nice. The bed was comfortable, but the headboard seemed out of place and less expensive than the other items in the room. The bathroom was very, very nice. It was large with marble everywhere. The towels were rough and sandpaper like.We had an issue with the air conditioning not working to keep the room as cold as we like it, but we didn't bother to call down about it. We had the breakfast buffet in the hotel and it too was great!Overall - great place to stay!  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>karlyn
<Content>Lovely Weekend My husband and I spent four nights at the Fairmont San Francisco last weekend. We had a fabulous weekend and the hotel only added to our wonderful weekend. This hotel has a beautiful lobby that reminds one of grand hotels of years long past. They just don't make them like that any more. Our check in was superb. We are President's Club members and that may add to the perfect service but I hope that everyone experiences the same friendly, helpful welcome we received. Our room was on the 19th floor overlooking the bay. The views from the upper floors overlooking the bay are about as great as you will get in the city. The room was a nice size with a very comfortable bed and nice sitting area and a nice working desk. I too, as someone else mentioned, miss not having tea making facilities in the room. We didn't even think about getting tea sent to the room. My bad.The location of the hotel is just the very best. A tip that we will share is that if you take the cable car down Powell to Market, and you are over 65, you can buy a month pass for city transportation for $10 at the green kiosk right by the cable car turning platform. They also have two and three day passes but the monthly senior pass is the best buy. They didn't even ask for our identification cards. Drats! So for the 4 days we were in San Francisco we could cable car, bus, trolley, or surface rail cars for $20 total for both of us. We used all forms of transport and went far and wide and found the service was excellent. And, the Fairmont is perfectly located to use the public transit services to the fullest. A couple of things did not come up to our expectations and we commented on these on our Satisfaction Form we filled out and left with the front desk on our departure. Our housekeeping services were not top notch. Every morning when we would leave the room there would be dishes sitting outside the rooms on our hallway. When we came back to the hotel in the evenings the same dishes were still in the hall and a full day's worth more dishes had been added. I don't know if the responsibility is housekeeping or food services but we found it objectionable. We pointed this out to the front desk twice and the dishes were picked up shortly thereafter but the next day it was just the same. And, the dirty glasses in our room were not removed nor clean glasses put in the room each day. When we call down to housekeeping and said we did not have clean glasses in the bathroom, a gentleman brought up one glass for us. I didn't bother sending him back for another one so we shared our one clean glass as I had given him the two dirty glasses that were still beside our door. (we tried leaving the dirty glasses in the room and setting them out in the hall - neither plan resulted in clean glasses in the room.) There are no chocolates on the pillows in the evening, nor fresh flowers or fruit in the room when you check in. This is rather standard in first class hotels such as The Four Seasons, or The Peninsula. The prices at the Fairmont are similar to the top hotels but the little extras that the other hotels provide aren't part of the Fairmont experience. Now that being said, let me tell you that we were in San Fran for my birthday and that came out at our check in. We came in that evening after spending the afternoon walking around China Town and found chocolate covered strawberries and a bottle of champagne from the hotel. That we thought was brilliant! First Class, Top Drawer and all that. This is not our first or last stay at this hotel. We would not stay in another hotel in San Francisco because we like many things about the hotel. The location, the quite good breakfast buffet, the wonderful halls lined with historical pictures and just the general feel of the hotel. We would overlook the small deficiencies because we like this hotel very much and would recommend it to anyone going to San Francisco and especially someone going for a first visit to the city.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>ange55
<Content>You wont better this !!       Hotel exterior  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>stephparisoli
<Content>Rooms Need Sound Proofing-I got no sleep I recently stayed at this hotel in January for business. My room was in what is called the historic wing. I was just in a very basic room which was the size of a closet. Although the room has up to date furnishings, the paint on the walls is peeling and the trim on the floor is very tarnished. When in my room I could EVERYTHING Going on in the rooms next door and outside. It started at 5am when my neighbor received a wake up call which sounded like it was in my room-I literlly could hear the phone ringing. Then my neighbor's travel alarm clock started going off at 5.45am. Then of course they were up and watching the morning news. After this I obviously wasn't sleeping so I got up. At 8am, I could the housekeeper vacuuming next door and slamming doors in the hallway. Additionlly she was speaking in a different language to another employee. The main restaurant's menu is nothing special and the cheeseburger is extremely greasy. Fairmont has a very well known concierge who clearly didn't want to assist me in anyway. I did tell the front desk when I checked out but they acted like they never heard of this problem before and didn't care.I would recomend this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BcFreaked
<Content>New Beds Needed We would love to see Fairmont replace the beds here with a luxuriousness and quality to match the setting. And hold the cinnamon scent in the lobby area in the mornings at Christmas time - it was a bit overpowering and reminiscent of express-motels'' free cinnamon-bun-breakfasts. Try a background scent of good quality coffee mingled with floral overtones from lobby arrangements.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	1	4	3	3	4	1	

<Author>boo2three
<Content>Problems with a wedding reception below our room We selected the Fairmont San Francisco for a romantic getaway celebrating our anniversary. It's a beautiful hotel in a great location. We reserved a room in the tower section to have a view of the city and requested a high floor, which we got. Check in was smooth, although we had to carry our own bags from our car into the hotel. The room was lovely and everything we expected until we went to sleep. The hotel had booked a wedding reception directly below our room in the courtyard. Even though we were high up, we could hear the very loud band playing. When we called the front desk to find out how long this loud music was going to continue, we were told midnight. This was not acceptable to us and we called management. We were offered another room, but by this time it was 11:30 pm. Exhausted, we agreed to pack up our stuff and move to a different room. (I would have expected the hotel to move us, they didn't offer to do so.) We schlepped our luggage through the hotel lobby to the other side of the hotel to our new room...at 11:30 pm. Why the hotel books rooms over a large reception area when they are aware of the potential disturbance, I'll never know. Certainly a hotel that charges $$$$ for a room, and has the reputation for excellence that the Fairmount has, should know better. We probably would make a different choice in the future.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	5	4	4	2	-1	

<Author>wwipswich
<Content>Palatial, Top Notch, Iconic This is truly the iconic hotel of San Francisco, atop Nob Hill, with Cable Cars hoisting you from 3 directions, right near Union Square. The lobby is magnificient, as is most of the public space. We had a palatial room on the 5th floor looking out at Coit Tower, huge walkin closet, large marble bathroom, beautiful decor, flatscreen TV. Join the frequent stay program - it helps get you a better room, excellent service and free internet. The Tonga Room is good fun with the floating barge in the pool where the band plays, rainstorms and Scorpion Bowls. I loved the history on the walls, old photos, celebrities, etc. The hotel website has some deals that may make it more affordable - we got a stay 2, 1 nite free offer (which the desk didn't know about, so do your homework). Concierge and bellman were top-tier and so friendly. Our stay here really made us feel we were a part of San Francisco and like we were royalty. So much fun.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>fatdog2
<Content>Elegant! We took a quick trip to San Francisco for Thanksgiving. The Fairmont was celebrating its 100th anniversary and all of the rooms were $100.00 off. It is a beautiful hotel and a gourmet brunch was included every day. The service was not the best and the staff was a little unfriendly. It was a nice experience but would not stay there again. The Hotel Huntington across the street had a fun bar and very friendly staff.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>4bwp
<Content>The Perfect Holiday Experience We spent 5 nights at the Fairmont from Christmas night until our departure on the 30th. We have no complaints!We booked a holiday package that included a wonderful buffet breakfast (really fresh fruit and perfect waffles) for $199./night. We had planned to stay only one night and head to northern Cailfornia, but it was raining up north so we extended our stay. Not only did they extend our stay, they upgraded us to a high floor in the Tower with a king size bed(not queen as in the package) and a city and bay view. We took another reviewer's advice to sign up for the President's Club and I think that made the difference. All this was done with a smile and It's a Christmas gift. Granted the hotel was not fully booked due to the holidays, but I've never had a more gracious hotel registration.Tips: The main hotel is old and noisy - stay in the Tower if at all possible. It's connected to the lobby in the original hotel by a corridor.If you rent a car, return it every night to avoid the hotel parking charge of $45.00. It's only a $5.00 cab ride to get back to the hotel from the Hertz garage. Avoid the Tonga Room at all costs. The hokey Mai Tai (in a plastic coconut) tasted like cough syrup and the dinners were comparable to a Chinese restaurant in a strip mall. It was so highly touted by the hotel we thought it would be historic and wonderful. They neglected to inform their guests that they were also replicating a1950's menu. Visit Grace Episcopal Cathedral which is around the corner from the hotel. Their philosophy is the same as Glide Memorial's. It's a beautiful church rebuilt after the 1906 earthquake and welcomes all people offering sanctuary to everyone. Don't miss the chapel to the right that offers solace to aids victims and their families.Stay at the hotel during the holidays - the lobby was beautifully decorated - really a wonderful experience.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>gojph
<Content>Great hotel to stay in at Christmas       The 42 inch plasma screen TV  
<Date>Dec 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Trav3l1er
<Content>Great Location, amenities I stayed at the Fairmont San Francisco in early December this year. The locatioin was very central with easy access to the Piers, Chinatownand Union Square. Cab fare from the airport was about $38 excluding tip. The Rooms were nice, with 42 inch flat screen tv's (no HD content though), bathrooms with separate tub and shower, robes and cordless phones. Some rooms face the water, with a view of Alcatraz, and the even numbered tower rooms have a city view. I was on the 10th floor city side, and could see the cable cars but did not hear them.There were 2 bars in the hotel which were fine, but seemed to be less efficient handling crowds. The Tonga Room actually told me that I would be unable to go in to meet my friends who were sitting at the bar. This even though there was room at the bar and the restaurant itself was not full.Overall I was happy with the experience, and would probably stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>BrendaJ55
<Content>Nice atmosphere, but somewhat overpriced We stayed in here in mid-December in a single room on the interior hall of the old, original part of the hotel (no views but we were out and about most of the time). I strongly recommend enrolling in the Presidents Club which is the hotel's loyalty programme (free), as this will enable you to use the hi-speed internet in the rooms and the gym free of charge. Otherwise there are fairly steep charges for these. There is a link to the Presidents Club on the Fairmont Hotels web site. There is also a dedicated front desk for Pres Club members.We found the room and bed very comfortable and liked the fact you could control the heating and air intake. On the other hand we agree with some of the other reviews which mentioned noise. The soundproofing didn't seem adequate to us, you could hear doors slamming, conversations in the hall and from other rooms, and if someone was taking a shower you could hear the water running. This may be a problem with rooms in the older section of the hotel, not sure. There was a nice large flat screen TV, but the remote control for the TV didn't work very well. We reported this to the management, to have it politely and promptly replaced by another one that didn't work very well. Not a big deal as we were out and about a lot, but not quite what you'd expect in this class of hotel.We enjoyed the retro vibe and the fact they had not over-restored the old section, thereby leaving the character and atmosphere intact. The lobby was stunning and decorated nicely for Christmas.If we had not found an internet special (we paid about 拢60 per night) the hotel would have seemed overpriced to us. We stay in SF fairly often and so are familiar with the prices and range of hotels. Apart from the free NY Times delivered Mon-Sat other amenities were charged separately. However the bathroom was well-stocked with nice toiletries, and cotton bathrobes are also supplied. We were annoyed at the fact that there was no coffee-maker in the room, and from what we could tell no free morning coffee in the lobby as you often find in other US hotels.The Nob Hill location is less convenient for shopping, sightseeing and to get to other destinations, but it can be nice for the view. I definitely recommend buying a MUNI pass which gives you unlimited travel on buses, trams and cable cars (not the BART). I bought mine at the airport information desk; they sell them at various places around the city and you can get them for one day, three days, a week, etc. There is more info on the MUNI web site. If you are too tired to hike back up the hill the cable car stops at the corner next to the hotel. It is $5 one way if you have not bought a MUNI pass. I wouldn't recommend driving in SF (expensive, congested, plus there's plenty of public transport).We found the front desk staff to be polite and helpful. In our view housekeeping was also of a high standard. We did have some minor service problems the couple of times we visited the bar, where the service seemed indifferent bordering on rude. On the whole the bar had a nice atmosphere tho, with live piano music some nights.The hotel's gym is a 'real' gym, which was great and so well-equipped and professionally staffed (it is part of the Club One gym chain).We also liked the displays on the T level of the hotel, with old photos and menus etc from years past.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>OhCurious1
<Content>Beautiful Hotel - Good Location       The large flat-screen TV in the room  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>WeeKee
<Content>Rich decor but not exactly charming       Hotel night view  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	5	3	3	4	

<Author>Beaverhousen
<Content>Fairmont, SF is OK We took my parents to SF the wkend before Thanksgiving and thought they would enjoy the Fairmont. We got a great deal ($199 incl breakfast). Let me preface things by saying my husband and I stayed at the Four Seasons, SF 3 months ago. This is NOT the Four Seasons in all aspects from service to amenitites. They don't treat you like they do there. The concierge (Asian guy) is a trifle bit too snippity for my liking. The breakfast buffet was OK. The adjoining rooms we got in the main builiding were old. Walking down the hallway was depressing enough to make me want to turn back and walk out. I don't like old old. Villa D'este, Como and Ritz Paris old I can take but this was dingy old. Anyway, if you can look past that and revel in the great deal then this is the hotel for you! We had clean sheets and clean (but small) bathrooms with nice smelling soap and shampoo. What more could one want! Amazingly my parents didn't love it too. They told me they would like something a little more updated and uplifting the next time. Oh well, at least it was a good deal.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2007
<Rating>3	4	2	4	4	3	2	3	

<Author>Lorital/scar
<Content>A great place to stay !!!! My husband and I just came back from vacation in San Francisco . Nov 21-26!We stayed at the Fairmont San Francisco after finding a great deal on line for their 100th anniversary. We loved this hotel. The service was excellent. Upon arrival we were greeted by a wonderful front desk staff member named Jon. He was so nice and so accommodating. He truly made a great first impression for our arrival!!!The hotel room had a wonderful view of the bay. It was big room with lots of space and a great t.v! Couldn't have asked for a better room. Staying on top of Nob hill at first didn't seem like the best idea. The first night we struggled to walk up the enormous hills ( I am 7 mnths pregnant) but the very next day we went across the street to the next hotel gift shop where they sold 3 day passes for the cable cars. This was one of the best investments. Once riding the Cable cars everywhere we soon reliazed how much we loved the location of the Fairmont. It is much quieter and more romantic than staying down in union square and you are just a quick cable ride away from all the attraction. So if you are there for a few days I strongly recommend using the cable cars and buying the pass. Another tip---We were thirsty all the time . The stocked bar in your room is pretty pricey. So we would buy bottle water from the vending machine for only a $1 oppose to the 4.50 at the hotel from the parkade across the street!. Overall the Fairmont has exceptional service. Great Rooms and a quiet nice location. I loved this hotel and I loved our visit to San Francisco.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Ces_Mark
<Content>Did not enjoy the Fairmont Just returned from a weekend in SF. The hotel was beautiful and the staff was great. However, all was ruined by the paper thin walls. To anyone thinking they are getting a great deal with this hotel, think again. You can hear everything in the rooms beside you. We stayed on the older part of the hotel, not the tower. We had to change rooms at midnight the first night there. We were in rooms that had adjoining doors. NOT A GOOD IDEA! The hotel moved us to another room without an adjoining door, but the noise was just as loud. We were tempted to change again but decided to tough it out. Our neighbors were not overly loud, but we could hear all the coughing, conversations, and television. The hotel was extremely classic, but I would not advise anyone to stay there. Walk in and take pictures because the quietest place in the hotel was the lobby.If anyone is not sure where to stay, look for hotels in the Union Square area. All the shopping and restaurant choices are located there.Good luck!  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	3	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>TravelinMark
<Content>Forgettable Grande Dame It's obviously a San Francisco institution. The history of the hotel is hard to beat -- and you are reminded of that wherever you turn. But beyond the lore, it just wasn't memorable.We went to celebrate our anniversary and were happily upgraded to a room in the original part of the hotel. The room itself was huge and had a nice view of the Bay, but the sparse furniture made it feel too spacious and unwelcoming. We joked that the closet was bigger than the kitchens in our first apartments. But why? The Tonga Room didn't feel throwback kitsch; it felt like it was tourist optimized -- like a chain theme restaurant. The bar downstairs had no sense of character or intimacy. A kind of bar that keeps its television tuned to the football game that no one seems to be watching.At $300 for a weekend night, and touting itself as the flagship property for Fairmont, I was expecting more. Truth is the hotel is any well-run Hilton stuffed into a gilded box.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	3	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>Khalfani
<Content>Gorgeous Hotel, Great Service Positives: The Fairmont is an absolutely gorgeous hotel with great customer service. My room, had a comfortable king size bed, a huge flat screen tv, a solid wood desk with a leather swivel chair, a marble counter top and marble tile in the bathroom and an impeded room was quite large and also featured a large walk in closet. I but decent view from a large window. (I was on the 5th floor). The received excellent, friendly customer service from every employee that I passed or encountered from bellhops to front desk clerks to waiters. Free Wall Street Journals, NY Times, and Financial Times available.Negatives: Gym access is $15 per day. High speed Internet access is $13 per day.The Fairmont is located at the very top of Nob Hill (directly across the street from the Intercontinental Mark Hopkins Hotel) which means that if you walk anywhere from the hotel, your walk back will be a very strenuous uphill hike. Believe me, the hill is extremely steep. So unless you're in good shape, you'll probably want to take the trolley or a cab home. The trolley runs right in front of the hotel.I definitely recommend this hotel and I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>golforharley
<Content>Very disappointed with this "luxury" hotel I always dreamed about staying at the Fairmont, so I had high expectations. In reality the airport hotel we stayed at the night before we left SF impressed me more (and I expected less).I checked in and was told I have a room with a view of the buildings around me. I told the desk clerk that it was our wedding anniversary and she offered me an upgraded room - for an additional $60 or a less nice upgrade for $40. That really turned me off - I was already paying a ridiculous amount and if they have the room available why wouldn't they just upgrade me? Particularly since I'm a President's Club member at the Fairmont.Then she said she'd send something to my room. Nice touch, right? Nothing was ever sent - which is fine, but don't tease me.When I arrived in my room (actually a decent mini-suite) on the top floor of the old part of the hotel - there was was abosolutely no view - just decorations outside the window that prevented a view of the nearby buildings or the street.. The lobby is lovely, and the bartenders in the lobby bar were nice. The gym was crowded and nothing special. The Tonga Room restaurant was closed for a private party and we had a goof up with the Hertz counter in the hotel. Overall, nothing seemed to go quite right.We had a nice anniversary, but it would have been just as nice elsewhere.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>akoser
<Content>OK, But Don't Overpay I stayed at the Fairmont San Francisco the nights of October 9-11 while attending a conference at another hotel. I really enjoy the Nob Hill location and thought I would try the Fairmont as an alternative to my usual San Francisco lodging, the Mark Hopkins Interncontinental across the street. The rate at the Fairmont was approximately $60 less per night than the Mark Hopkins. I booked a king bed, non-smoking room in the main building directly through the Fairmont website.I arrived at the Fairmont in the late evening hours and check-in was a breeze. I am a member of Farimont's President's Club and was upgraded to a room with a nice view of downtown San Francisco. The bellman was very pleasant. As I got settled in my room, I called room service and ordered a shrimp caesar salad. My order arrived in good time, however the salad was rather disappointing as the salad dressing was quite overpowering. Disappointing, but not the end of the world. Being a hungry traveler, I was happy to have the salad nonetheless and finished it in short order.My room was clean and housekeeping did a fine job throughout my stay. The bed was fine and was stocked with plenty of comfortable pillows. The downside to the room, however, was (and this is my pet peeve) opening the doors to the lovely entertainment center and finding a rather smallish $199 Zenith tube television. This is 2007 guys, it's time to lose the Wal-Mart special and bring in the flat panel television. Again, disappointing, but not the end of the world.I did not use the hotel health club facilities or any of the other hotel dining options during my stay.The locaton of the hotel is a real plus, especially if you plan to travel using the cable cars, as I did. I bought a three-day MUNI pass at the airport for $18 and had unlimited access during my stay. Two cable car lines intersect at the corner California and Powell streets, right at the hotel. The hotel and my other destinations were on or near the cable car lines so this worked well for me.Even after the fairly recent renovation of the hotel, the Fairmont still seemed a little tired around the edges to me. As with the Mark Hopkins next door, there is a fine line between historic and just plain old. These two hotels both border closely to side of old and at times cross the line. Although my room at the Fairmont was larger than rooms I've had at the Mark Hopkins, my primary decision factor between the two would be price. All things considered, I saw no tangible advantage to one over the other.All in all, a generally positive stay at the Fairmont but I would consider returning only if I was able to get an comparatively attractive room rate.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>Love2TravelVA
<Content>Great stay, but expensive I recently stayed at the Fairmont during a conference. The public areas are beautiful. The rooms are nice; bathroom is small but well maintained. I was lucky and got a high floor room with a view of the financial district, Golden Gate, and the bay - beautiful! Hotel staff were friendly and helpful. The location is great - 3 blocks from China town, brief cable car ride to the Wharf, and on the main bus route. I'd stay here again in a heart beat if someone else pays. The discounted conference room rate was $250. San Francisco is gorgeous! Extra tip: Join Fairmont's frequent guest program and you won't be charged for high speed Internet; otherwise, it's $14 per day. Also, if you're visiting for a few days, buy a muni pass. Two day pass costs $11 and is good for all street cars and buses. Otherwise, each street car ride is $5. Consider visiting the Palace of the Legion of Honor. It's about a 30 minute bus ride and a short hike up a hill, but is very easy to find and get to. It's on the bay with a beautiful view and has an excellent collection of Rodin sculptures, including the Thinker. The muni pass will also get you a small discount on admission.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>My3sonsMom
<Content>This hotel rocks! My boss took our whole staff for a conference and we LOVED this hotel....exactly what you would envision for San Fran...right in the heart of everything.....ornate and romantic...almost straight out of a movie. Very upscale and large rooms....this hotel was one of the cleanest I had ever been to.The staff was so nice and upgraded us to a better room with panoramic views of the city. The Tonga room was a fun atmosphere with great drinks and great food.This hotel reminded me of a Vegas Hotel cause it was so large in scale and had everything you could need inside it...restaraunts...coffee bar...shops...You can't miss going here if you want to experience San Fran in style.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Alex69
<Content>Wonderful views and great service My husband and I stayed for 5 nights at the beginning of Sept 07. We were fortunate enough to have a voucher which entitled us to an upgrade to a suite which we were very happy about. We stayed in the Bangkok Suite which was a real joy, we had lots of space as well as a great balcony to enjoy.We found the service at the hotel to be exceptional and we had room service several times for evening meals as well as breakfasts, all very good with quick service. We found the room service useful as we were often exhausted in the evenings after a full day of sight seeing.We would love to come back again and stay at this hotel, it's in a great location and there is so much to see and do around San Francisco.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>pdjcfo
<Content>Fabulous Stay in San Francisco Spent 2 nights recently at the Fairmont in San Francisco. We are members of the Disney Vacation Club and stayed here through an exchange.This was our first trip to SF, so we can't compare this to other hotels, but we enjoyed our stay. We had a deluxe room in the tower with a city view. We were only on the 2nd floor, so we did not have views of the bay. However, our view included the lovely rooftop garden.The room was large with a King-sized bed and high quality furnishings. One bedside table had obviously been damaged and the top needed to be refinished. However, in the scope of things, this was a minor point.The bathroom was large with a separate tub and glass-enclosed shower. There was only a single sink. When checking in, there was a long line. However, as a member of the Fairmont President's Club, we went to that desk and complete check-in promptly.The lobby and common areas are breathtaking. It was fun to read the historic posters and photos lining the hallways. We did not dine in any of the restaurants, but we did have a fruity drink in the Tonga room and listened to the live band floating on the stage. It was fun in a corny sort of way.The location at the top of Nob Hill is fairly convenient. We walked most places and took a cable car when we returned to climb the hill. The valet parking is incredibly expensive at $51.30 per night, but a necessary evil in the city. We also were disappointed there was no coffee maker and just couldn't bring ourselves to pay nearly $20 for a pot of room service coffee !!Overall, it was a very nice hotel. However, since we spent so little time in the hotel, I would not pay over $350 per night to stay again.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>montezouma
<Content>Grand Hotel bit a bit of a disappointment We have just returned from an around the world trip from Australia, stayed in same standard all the way but standards differed considerably Fairmont San Fran was lacking by comparison. No mention of our Wedding Anniversary, torn bottom sheet on our bed and when room service bought breakfast up the pots of jam had already been opened and used by somebody previously. I did go down the following day and report all this as it was one hotel we really were excited about, but there did not seem to be too much concern from staff. A shame because its the only one from our trip we would not return to next time, lacked special touches, also beds need upgrading. We paid for a Signature room and the view of the bay was spectacular  
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	3	2	3	2	2	

<Author>MikeOstr
<Content>Grand hotel and great location My wife and I, along with another couple, stayed here for 3 nights on a west coast getaway. We got excellent rates, and aside from the front desk asking us if we wanted to upgrade to an exterior room (vs. courtyard view), we were treated very well by all the staff. Outstanding lobby and huge hallways, the rooms were good sized with all the basics (and a large closet). We did not eat in the hotel, too many other places in the city, but did have drinks in the hotel bar - very nice. Centrally located with an excellent view, would definitely stay her again.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>traveller2408
<Content>didn't come close to expectations This is a hotel with a history - and is very grand inside, but really takes itself too seriously and comes over as rather stuffy. Breakfast was good when taken in the restaurant, but with room service it was often cold. The desk staff were fairly offhand, and offers of help appeared only with much asking. In particular, watching a visitor with a wheelchair struggle and not be offered help by staff was possibly less than optimal. It is, however, a hotel with history and I am glad I visited for that reason - but am not sure I would go back again.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2007
<Rating>2	3	4	3	3	3	2	1	

<Author>eerickso
<Content>Unfortunately just mediocre this time I was really looking forward to my stay but ended up quite underwhelmed. I'm actually writing this from the hotel, where I'm attending a conference. For $250/night, I would expect a room with a coffeemaker at the least, and enough space to move around without bumping into things. Although the closet is huge, the bathroom is very tiny with literally no counter space. The bedroom is like an obstacle course, with the TV positioned to the side of the bed, forcing you to view it by craning your neck to the left. The only window in the room looks across at an inner courtyard of the hotel where the ventilation system is located (i.e., not in the least bit scenic, and the drapes have to be kept closed most of the time since it faces other rooms.) The woman at the front desk during check-in asked whether I preferred a high or low floor and then put me on the second floor. I also asked to be located away from the elevator so she put me directly across from one. (All I can figure is that she was having a very bad day, but she made a horrible first impression for the hotel. She wasn't in the least bit pleasant.) The toiletries in the bathroom were good quality but It seemed that toilet paper was being rationed as I had to ask for an extra roll. I also didn't receive my copy of the Sunday Times on Sunday. Normally this kind of stuff would be overlooked by me, but it all started adding up to a not entirely pleasant stay. The bed comfort was acceptable but not the best.The hotel is within walking distance to Union Square, but keep in mind that it's uphill the whole way back if you walk. The prices in the hotel (from the mini-bar to room service to the restaurants) are all high, so it's worthwhile to check out the groceries and cafes nearby.Since I'm a President's Club member, the fitness center and internet were free of charge, so those were positives. The hotel is very ornate and interesting from a historical perspective and everything is well kept. From what I've heard, I'd ask for a room in the tower vs. in the main building where I stayed. Bottom line: I wouldn't stay here if I were paying the bill unless I got a much nicer room for the price.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	2	4	1	2	3	

<Author>JM-2929
<Content>The Fairmont, atop Nob Hill       Main Lobby  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	5	4	

<Author>pdaddyNewJersey_USA
<Content>Nice Time at the Fairmont       Front of The Fairmont  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Yoosh
<Content>San Francisco's Finest This is one of the best hotels in San Franciso that I have stayed in. The lobby is gorgeous, the rooms are luxurious (ask for a high floor! The view is awesome), and the service is great. Brunch at the restaurant was one of the best. 10 minute walk to the bart.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>maggie
<Content>lovely hotel Lovely Hotel . Everything one expects from the Fairmont chain. Nice bars and lovely food. Weird coffee shop in the basement,in that its so basic and cash only. Great Kashmiri marketand general gift shop. Beautiful location in really beautiful city. Had good area advice from young restaurant manager who was very sweet and took time to invest in the guest. One issue..dont ask Concierge for Chinese food reccomendations. We were sent to the worst place in San Fransisco and the food in the city is fantastic. Trust your guide book! Overall worth every cent. Thank you Fairmont.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Muzikmanbob
<Content>A Great San Fran Hotel! My wife and I stayed at the Fairmont SF in August 07.When we arrived we were asked if we would like to upgrade for a small fee. ($50.00 more per night) $250.00 per night total) I thought that I had heard that story before but decided to do the upgrade. WOW! What a great room with a view of the Coit Tower, Alcatraz, Angel Island, beautiful roof tops, and blue sky and the beautiful bay.The food prices are steep here. We did eat at other great more reasonably priced places. The Tonga room two floors down was fun at Happy Hour! The service was very good. Several people with attitudes but overall very nice people were found here.This is one classy place to stay and we were glad we picked the Fairmont SF.We checked out the Union Square area and found it was great for people watching and shopping but we preferred our Nob Hill more private location.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kimjim
<Content>Lovely historic hotel on top of Nob Hill The lobby and overall setting is luxurious. The rooms in the tower are modern, of adequate size, offer great views of the city, and have large bathrooms with beautiful tiles. In the bathroom, there is a shower and regular-sized bathtub. The bedding is quite comfortable. There is a gym, but it is not free, so I never used it. One drawback for some might be that it is located on top of Nob Hill, so if you need to go to the Convention Center, Fisherman's Wharf, or other tourist spot, you must be in some shape to walk. The hills are unbelievably steep. You can catch a trolley or cab outside of the hotel though.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>Nocke
<Content>Great Location, Great Property, Great Price The Fairmont in San Francisco provides exceptional value for the price.Located just blocks from China Town and the business district it is convenient to many interesting places in the city.The hotel is celebrating its 100th anniversary and has done a great job in blending the updated elegance of the past with modern amenities. Given what you get the price is very good.The only things that could be done better is the business center. Charging for use of the internet and having only two computers is uncalled for in this day and age. -- All Fairmont hotels seem to nickle dime guests when it comes to use of the internet.There always seemed to be a short line at the reception desk, another clerk would be welcome.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	4	2	

<Author>Travelinman01
<Content>Opulence does not replace a few basics - just OK. The Fairmont, San Francisco is an opulent hotel. At the same time, it lacks some very basic services and operates a little like a low budget hotel. If a few policies were changed, this would be a truly great hotel! As it is, it's just okay.The great things about the hotel have mainly to do with the opulence and reputation of the place. The lobby is beautiful and there is a lot of history attached to the hotel! The views in the tower are spectacular. From our room in the tower, we could see the Bay, most of the city, the hills all around - really great. The service is responsive, though we had an issue with getting housekeeping to give us bedding that was not down (we have allergies and the housekeepers did not speak English as we tried to act out no feathers!). Also, the general facilities are great with a famous old restaurant/bar (the Tonga Room) and a great fitness room for a hotel. Finally, the bathrooms and bathroom products are really good.The bad parts were the lack of basics like coffee in the room, free access to the fitness room and internet without having to enter a mailing list (the President's Club), and the prices on minor conveniences in the hotel. Why does a great hotel not have free coffee in the rooms? Shockingly inconvenient and short-sighted. Instead, the only free coffee is in the lobby area before 7AM. That's fine for business, but stinks for vacationers who want to sleep in a little. Instead, if you wake up after 7, you have to go to the espresso bar in the basement and pay nearly $10 for coffee and a danish. There are no inexpensive cafes anywhere nearby and all other sections of town are down steep hills, the kind you don't want to climb back up immediately after you wake up - if ever. There are no soda or snack machines in the hotel that I could find - so you are stuck paying the outrageous mini-bar prices, going to the espresso bar, or paying for a full breakfast at the hotel. It seems almost as if the hotel is trying to wrestle every penny they can from customers, which feels more like a much much cheaper place. In the end, the hotel is fine and will impress you when you walk in, but just okay to average.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	3	3	3	2	

<Author>JMQ-KCMO
<Content>The quintessential San Francisco Hotel       Living room Fairmont San Francisco Suite 534  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Foreigner_in_London
<Content>Luxurious and beautiful, but pricey, hotel My husband and I stayed at the Fairmont for one week at the end of July, 2007. He was there for business, while I was there on holiday. We have previously stayed at both pricey and cheaper hotels, but I have never been more overwhelmed than I was by the opulence of the Fairmont鈥檚 lobby 鈥?it is breathtakingly lavish, with old-style glamour. Our room on the 21st floor in the new tower had generous proportions, and the bathroom was big with a separate (big) shower cubicle next to the bath. The room had an extremely comfortable super king sized bed, and the most comfortable pillows I鈥檝e ever rested my head on (lots of hotel pillows tend to be too thick, whereas the Fairmont鈥檚 were just right). We had what would鈥檝e been a lovely view of the city and parts of the bay (but not of Alcatraz or the Golden Gate, which you鈥檇 have to pay a premium for), had the windows been clean. The view was still lovely, just not particularly clear.All the hotel staff (apart from some of the bar staff, who seemed a bit disrespectful and slow) we encountered were friendly and courteous, without being 鈥榠n-your-face鈥? To me, the epitome of high class service is just that 鈥?second to none, but discreet. The hotel is in a good, safe location on Nob Hill, which is close enough for a short walk to Union Square, but away from the worst hustle and bustle, and best of all 鈥?away from the tramps. It is possible to walk to most sights from the hotel, although you need to be fit (or willing to put in the work and ensuing pain of walking up and down the hills of SF). I spent, on average, about 4-5 hours a day walking, concentrating on 2 sights a day. Granted, I wore the wrong kind of shoes the first couple of days, but my legs (already reasonably fit from cycling) were in serious pain for the whole of the week spent in SF.It鈥檚 been mentioned before, but is worth mentioning again, as many seem to have missed it 鈥?join the 鈥楶resident鈥檚 Club鈥?before you arrive! It costs nothing, but gives you free internet access for your laptop, free local calls, free use of the gym and many other benefits.Negatives and alternatives:鈥?It was hard to get a table for breakfast. This was not a big deal for us though, as there are plenty of diners down the road for cheaper breakfasts (yes, it involves walking down the very steep hill for a few blocks, and then all the way back up again, but you might need that anyway after the stodgy American breakfasts served).鈥?The service tended to be a bit slow in the bar.鈥?The walls are a little bit on the thin side, although I鈥檝e experienced much worse in other places.鈥?Not sure if this is common in hotels generally, but our floors were never cleaned (not that big a deal to us, but this is not a cheap hotel. I only noticed it in this one because I dropped some popcorn on the floor early on in our visit, and these were never removed, which then made me notice the rest of the dirt on the floors that remained throughout our stay. No biggie though.). It was also hard to enjoy the view, or see what the weather was really like, as the windows were very dirty on the outside. They also ought to clean the peephole in the door, as it was difficult to see who was there because the glass was so grimy.鈥?The parking fee of almost $50/night is extortionate. There are cheaper options, however 鈥?depending on how much time you plan to have your car parked. All parking lots in the area tend to be very expensive, but if you plan to use your car for half of the day, then a better option is to go to one of the parking lots nearby that charges per 12 hours rather than like the Fairmont鈥檚, per 24 hours. If, like my husband, you sometimes have long days of meetings, and come back after 7 in the evening and leave by 9 in the morning, you can park for free on the street (you may need to circle the adjacent blocks for a while for this though). Overall, I loved this hotel, despite its foibles that, in some cases, can actually be seen as rather charming. It is, after all, a rather old hotel, with the eccentricities and personality fitting of a 100-year-old high-class charmer.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	3	5	4	4	

<Author>SunnyMcWarmguy
<Content>Overpriced but posh Stayed for one night at the Fairmont SF. Very friendly staff, and our room was upgraded as the hotel was sold out and they decided to upgrade all their club members. Room was a standard issue room with a great view of the city and harbour. Bed was comfy as usual with Fairmont. Too far from Fisherman's Wharf for my taste, but just a 6 dollar cab ride to the waterfront. Can head to Alcatraz, etc. from there. Front desk staff are a bit fake and snooty but very helpful and regularly ask how you are enjoying your stay. I only paid 179USD to stay so was worth that price, but wouldn't pay more. No coffee in room and no swimming pool. Not really a kid friendly hotel either, mostly business execs and older crowd. Overall good experience but not my kind of place to hang out with a child. Be sure to request to stay in the newer tower.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tydgauy
<Content>Happy Honeymoon....NOT HERE! The wife and I thought we would splurge for 2 nights on our honeymoon and stay at the world famous Fairmont Hotel as a special treat. Sadly, no treat was had. We arrived and they didn't have a room for us. We told them that it was our honeymoon and asked if we would get a king bed. The man congratulated us and informed us that a king bed would be an additional $30/day. I'm not looking for a hand-out but he did make us wait for 15 minutes to find a room and it was our honeymoon. The lobby was nice and very beautiful. Our room however was not a nice. They put us in a room with a lovely view of the other rooms of the Fairmont, right next to the elevator and next to some sort of main sprinkler room that made noise all night. For $300/night I expected a bit more. Plus it was $15/day for an internet connection and $50/day to park the car. Every place today offers free internet. Just sad. For the money and the reputation that the Fairmont has, we were very disappointed. Better off staying somewhere else and saving the money!  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	5	2	3	1	

<Author>braziliansoccerstar
<Content>Almost Great The Fairmont Hotel is in (S)Nob Hill, a wonderful place to be in SF. The hotel itself is beautiful, but I experienced two minor problems. First, they charged me $13 for minibar goodies that I never consumed. Second, the walls in my particular room (591) were unbelievably thin, but I think that problem may be unique to that particular room.I had no problem with the staff, and everything else about the experience was wonderful. I stayed here for 4 nights.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>4	2	3	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>lynvick56
<Content>Fairmont Hotel San Francisco The Fairmont Hotel, with a beautiful location atop Nobb Hill, is truly is a beautiful property. The service was top notch鈥攆rom the staff checking us in, to the always helpful concierge. There was a bit of a mix up with our room鈥攖hey had us down for a king room instead of two queens as requested, but they were able to accommodate us, and I even got a call once we checked in, to apologize for the inconvenience.The lobby is breathtaking, with big marble columns and is lavishly decorated with plenty of seating. The corridors are furnished with interesting historic photographs 鈥?some dating back to the earthquake in 1906. The hotel only sustained minor damage, yet everything around the hotel was leveled. There are posters hanging from the various movies that were filmed there and of course the TV series, Hotel, and lots of photos of famous guests throughout the years.The meeting rooms are very ornate and seem perfect for a convention鈥檚 needs. It seems the meeting staff is very much on top of things鈥攖here were several meetings being held during the course of our visit and from what I could observe, it seemed that the clients were in good hands.The room was fairly small, but comfortably furnished with nice linens and towels. The marble bathroom had a tub and separate shower making it accessible for my mother who would not have been able to negotiate a tub. For business travelers, room features included a spacious work desk, a multi-line telephone with voice-mail and High Speed Internet Access. There was a Web TV keyboard for those without a laptop.Valet parking is a bit expensive--$49 a night, but parking in SF is expensive in general, as is the case in any big city. The valet attendants were very friendly and professional. We rented a wheelchair for my mother and the Fairmont gave me a great recommendation. This company delivered and picked up the wheelchair, making it very convenient for us. It was $69 for the three days we were there. Across the street is the Mark Hopkins Hotel, which houses Top of the Mark, a great spot for a drink with excellent views of San Francisco. The hotel is in a spot where each of the city鈥檚 cable cars meet. North Beach and Chinatown are within a short walk, Fisherman鈥檚 Wharf and Union Square are a cable car ride away.The hotel lobby had a complimentary coffee cart set up each morning. In addition there was a coffee shop one level below the lobby where one could buy coffee and pastries. There aren't many places nearby to get a quick bite to eat, nor are there any stores in the immediate area, but again the cable lines run right by the hotel.All in all we very much enjoyed our stay at this historic grand dame of hotels.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>drgregory
<Content>Very fine but nickel and dime Stayed at the Fairmont for a week and had an overall positive experience. Our room was upgraded because they were late in having our room available when we arrived there. The service was top rate and the staff was very courteous. There was a great feel of history in that location. What irritated me is they charged you $15 a day for internet access and you had to pay $15 per day to use the exercise room. Also, there was no coffie maker in the room. I travel extensively and most of the hotels I have stayed in provide these services free. I feel that for a $400 per day room Fairmont management would be wise to this. I am forwarding this review to them in hopes that they will consider this in the future.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>3	4	5	5	-1	5	-1	1	

<Author>Travelwithmum
<Content>Looks great, but seems to be all show Stayed at the Fairmont for 2 nights end of June. It looks fantastic from the outside and the lobby is very impressive, the staff were a little snooty. When we checked in they had upgraded us, great, but changed our room type from twin beds to a king bed. We pointed out that we had specified a twin room at booking and they asked for proof this which I duly presented, they looked at this but just advised that after the upgrade this was no longer available, we asked to be 'down graded' again but this was not possible as they were now full. After a battle they agreed to provide a roll away and told us quite pompously that altough they usually charge for these they would waive the cost for us, like we should be grateful ! The rooms are quite dark and gloomy and the walls are paper thin, I really didnt want to hear what I heard quite clearly from the room next door and the pipes banging at 7 in the morning. The location is ok but not for the less fit or able. Of course all of the city is hilly but as you are perched right at the top of Nob Hill even a short walk involves a very steep incline, if we were to go again I would stay either at Union Square or Fishermans Wharf, this would be comfortable. Also watch out if you order room service, we were so exhausted after trekking up and down from the hotel we ordered this one night but when we checked out the bill for this meal had doubled, by the time they added on an in room delivery charge and various other taxes and gratuities, our $30 bill ended up being $60. This hotel looks great but seems to be all show, no substance, I wouldn't stay here again  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	2	3	2	1	3	

<Author>BabsSC
<Content>Weekend getaway I am fortunately to live only a short drive from this magnificent city and hotel. We booked a Signature Room in the Tower, 14th floor, views of all the bridges, Alcatraz Island, Coit Tower. Amazing! Everything about the room was first class. Great bathroom and amenities. Bed wonderful.You feel so classy staying in this piece of history and on your way to the Tower elevators, you can view the history of the hotel in pictures. Wonderful.Location to everything is wonderful as well. Always hop down to Chinatown for Sam Wo, bakery goods.This place is worth the $$$$. Join the Presidents Club and you will get email offers, which is what we took advantage of.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>michee
<Content>Nice, but not spectacular       Views from the 23rd floor  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	3	4	

<Author>Keshy
<Content>Fairmont is the hotel for you I expected a lot of this historic hotel and I was not let down during my whole stay. I stayed in a Suite and the room is spacious and very very comfortable and clean. Check in was painless as was the check out as well. There are loads of hands to assist with luggage as well as help to show you to your room. The breakfast is great and the restaurants menus do cater for many tastes as well. The Foyer is beautiful with original features and elegantly laid out. I would definitley recommend this hotel to anyone who is considering a classic hotel to stay in within SFO.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JudyNT
<Content>Fairmont deserves great reputation; excellent for meetings We conducted a small conference of about 100 people at the Fairmont and were treated with the utmost respect and good service. The hotel rooms were well-appointed, the hallways tastefully redecorated and the service excellent. The meals and snacks for the conference were outstanding. My only criticisms are that the hotel staff were too anxious to clear away the refreshments served during the breaks, important for us due to our staggered schedule, and parking there is so outrageously expensive, we were inconvenienced to have to park elsewhere in the area.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>M747
<Content>Great Old style luxury hotel Stayed her for almost a week for a conference. I was upgraded to a gigantic suite (The Diplomat Suite) on the 22 floor in the tower. The room was of course great with fantastic views. All other experiences were also great. Hitghly recomended. Only downside was a lot of hills to get down to union square  
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>kebnabi
<Content>The Fairmont is a true classic I stayed at the Fairmont for the first time this week, for a national conference. I was excited about staying at such an historic property, and the Fairmont did not disappoint me. It was classically beautiful, and I could sense the ghosts that had sat in lobby during the last 100 years. Recent renovations have restored it to its early splendor.Location is nice -- I was able to walk down to Chinatown for dinner (try the House of Nanking). and take a cable car back up to the hotel.A couple of tips -- stay in the tower if you can. The views are fabulous. Avoid staying in a room that connects to a suite -- there's no soundproofing between the rooms. (Good thing I always bring earplugs.) Others have complained about the service, but with one exception, everyone was helpful to me, from bellhops to doormen. The exception was in the hotel bar. Terribly slow service, brought us the wrong drinks, couldn't figure out how to split a check. It was a jarring aberration to an otherwise great stay.I hope my travels bring me here again. Especially if someone else is paying.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>akn64
<Content>Loved the view of the bay Stayed in a romantic room with views of the Bay. Awesome! Loved the location, too. Highly recommended (if you can get a room with a view). If you can't get a view, then I don't think this hotel is any more special than any other.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2007
<Rating>5	3	4	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>arresni
<Content>Romantic Weekend My wife and I stayed at the Fairmont Hotel for Memorial Day weekend and had a very nice time.The Hotel is old, very old. This adds to the charm. The carpet and furniture are a bit worn (not bad). The lobby is large and very nicely appointed. Plenty of seating areas.We booked the room on a travel web site, as they offered the best price. I am usually reluctant to book at a travel web discount site, as usually these rooms are the worst in the house (my experience, I could be wrong). When we arrived (about 4:30 pm), the desk clerk asked if we wanted an upgrade for 30$ a night. We took it, and got a beautiful corner room. The room was spacious, clean and nice. Room Service: fast, nice presentation, and very good food.Tonga Room: We felt we had to experience this restaurant/happy hour. Sorry we did. Skip it. Not great, just a so so hotel bar. We do not regret going to the Tonga Room for happy hour, but our time could have been spent better.Location. The location is wonderful. The cable car lines, meet at the hotel, so it is easy to get around. The views from there are great. It is so easy to get anywhere. Union Square and Chinatown are just down the hill (walkable). Fisherman's Wharf is a short cable car ride away.The only downsides of the hotel are the Bellmen and no coffee maker in room. The Bellmen were non-existent. We arrived by cab (dressed nicely -- touristy --), and no one asked if we wanted help with our bags. We checked in the desk clerk rang the bellman to help us with our bags, and no one came. We would come in from touring and no one would open a door for us. We would leave for the morning, and no one asked if we wanted a cab hailed. We dress appropriately, we tip nicely. There were plenty of bellmen at the front door. I noticed we were not the only ones who they ignored. It seemed they ignored anyone who was a tourist. If a person was there in a jacket and tie, they did help. The only other downside was no coffee maker in room. I know this is petty, but we stay in many nice hotels a year, and they all have a coffee maker in the room. Room service for just coffee is not practicable (not referring to money, but effort and time). I know I spent more time writing about the downside, but this should not mean I would not recommend the property. I will recommend it and we will stay there again. The hotel is beautiful, and quite. We had a nice weekend.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	2	-1	

<Author>LSimone
<Content>Wonderful Experience! What a wonderful hotel! From the time I was dropped off at the door until the time I left the service was excellent. I mean service that I haven't seen in awhile! We received a room that faced the bay overlooking Alcatraz. What a view! Make sure you check out the garden on the top of the hotel. Beautiful! Especially in the mornings. The room was clean, the beds and linens were exceptionally great! Especially after walking the city limits all day! Room service and the front desk were great too - seeing as I was on business and need faxes sent to my room and breakfast was on time at my door (actually a little early). The hotel was celebrating it's 100th birthday and in the main corridor are great pictures and photo's of the past. I would stay at this hotel again in a minute!  
<Date>May 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Chianti_girl24
<Content>Excellent location Great location. Within walking distance of North Beach and China Town. We took the cable car down to Fisherman's Wharf and paid $11 for an all day cable car pass. The hotel was very quiet considering how much traffic there is around it. You can't go wrong staying here.  
<Date>May 20, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>OzGlobeTrotter
<Content>Only OK Room was a decent size, clean and fairly comfortable (air-con did not work) - I rate the room a 4. However, can only give a 2 for service and 3 for location. I have stayed at many hotels from zero star to 5 stars and I rate the bell staff, front desk staff (there was one exception) of this hotel at the lower end - very surprising given I certainly expected more from the Fairmont. Bellboy/girl dropped my suitcases from the rack (was not an accident - she just dragged it off) then just dragged it down the stairs to the taxi. Don't bother talking to the doormen - most unfriendly ones I have encountered.Located on top of Nob Hill - OK if you want to stare at the view all the time but there is little else nearby - I will stay at the bottom of the hill nearer to Union Square next time (Chancellor Hotel where I stayed last time was a better choice).  
<Date>May 19, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	4	1	3	

<Author>turtlesbride
<Content>A Wonderful Hotel My husband and I stayed at the Fairmont from 4/21/07-4/26/07 and loved every minute of it.Some background: we're both professional New Yorkers in our late thirties/early forties. We've been to San Francisco numerous times and truly love the City. This was our first time staying at the Fairmont.We arrived at the hotel around 11:00 am and were attended to immediately at the check-in area. The woman who helped us was friendly and professional. She advised us that our room was located in the historic Fairmont building, but could offer us a room in the Tower for a reasonable fee. We agreed to the offer and, after getting to our room (which was ready), were very happy that we did.Our room was located on the 7th Floor. We had a beautiful view of the Bay, Alcatraz and Coit Tower. The windows opened, which allowed us to get some fresh air in while we slept. A nice size television (complete with video game  internet console, which we never used) was located in the armoire, along with the usual (and usually expensive) mini-bar/snack area.The marble bathroom was very large, with a glass enclosed shower, separate tub and a somewhat separate toilet area. Standard toiletries were provided, as well as a full size hair dryer and scale.The only amenity that the room lacked was a coffee maker, which was sorely missed. However, there is a coffee shop on the lower level of the lobby.The lobby itself is absolutely beautiful - everything you'd expect in an historic hotel. There's an ATM on premises, as well as a beauty salon, gift shop and some boutique shops.The lobby bar is in the same room as the Laurel Court restaurant. As in most hotels, drinks were expensive ($6.00 for domestic beer). We only ate breakfast once in the Laurel Court and it was very nice, but pricey.The Tonga Room is located downstairs from the lobby and is very tropical-cheesy, in a good way. The location of the hotel was fairly central, just a walk down the (very steep) hill to Union Square, etc. The three cable car lines converge near the hotel, so if one isn't up for walking, transportation is very accessible. While others may deem the area too quiet, we really liked being away from the crowds and felt very safe there. The hotel is located directly across the street from the Mark Hopkins. Make sure to stop by the Top of the Mark for drinks and an amazing view of the City (when it's not foggy).All in all, we loved our stay at the Fairmont and will definitely stay there on our next visit.  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>zacani
<Content>Best of San Francisco My husband and I stayed at the Fairmont in November to celebrate his 40th birthday. After reading the reviews we choose the Fairmont and were definitely happy with our choice. It is located on top of Nob Hill with beautiful views and easy access to China Town and Union Square, Fishermans Wharf area by cable car. I loved the lobby with all the marble columns and traditional elegance. The rooms were equally beautiful. Don't miss the extensive breakfast buffet which was included in our room rate. It was the best we have ever had with a variety of hot and cold dishes. I don't have anything negative to say so you can book this hotel without hestation as being one of the best historical hotels in San Francisco.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>hotel2006av
<Content>Excellent service and attention       Molten Lava Dessert in Tonga Room!  
<Date>Mar 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nicebizguy
<Content>Great hotel, great service Was there for a long weekend. Stayed in the tower (the hotel has two buildings) Had phenomenal views of the bay, alcatraz and the Golden Gate Bridge. Found the staff to be amazing and extremely accomodating. Were there when you needed them, were not when you didnt. Even room service was very good.. how often do you hear that about a hotel? Would definetly recommend for vacationers and romantic weekends. Great location. Much nicer than the Stanford Court and Mark Hopkins, where I have been in the past. All of the cable car lines meet right at the corner btw. One quick hint, there is a little local restaurant about a block away called the Nob Hill Cafe. VERY reasonable prices (as it is not for tourists but locals) and very good food! Right next door is a convenience store as well. Just north of Grace Cathedral.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>LondonTraveller39
<Content>Beautiful, Old, Be prepared and you won't be disappointed We came home yesterday from a 4 night stay at the Fairmont. We were part of a very large group in a conference, so we didn't have much individual contact with the hotel staff themselves (we had our own staff taking care of what we needed). However, I can comment on the room, location, food etc.I specifically called the day before arrival and asked for a quiet room, with a view. Our room that we first got was HUGE, with an enormous walk in closet (a dressing room 100 years ago, no doubt). But it was on the 3rd floor at the front of the hotel, with a roof directly outside the window. Since we wanted to leave the window open, this was not secure. They moved us to the 5th floor at the back of the hotel (which is MUCH higher to street level than the front of the hotel). The room was slightly smaller but the view was much better. I hear the tower views are TREMENDOUS but we were in the older building. The building is noisy. You definitely can hear other people. I bought ear plugs (after reading reviews on this site!) and that worked really well. The beds and linens were nice. The air/cond didn't work well, but fortunately for us we had the window open most of the time. Every day was a challenge to see if there was enough hot water for a shower. Could be cuz large groups of us were preparing for meetings or dinner at the same time. But, it was a problem EVERY time, so that might mean it's always a problem. The hotel is lovely - very attractive. The character and charm is definitely worth a visit. The outdoor staff (valets?) were great - even giving me a water bottle one day when they heard me say I wish I'd brought water before getting on our bus trip. Location is spectacular. Food was always in a big group. The buffet breakfasts (all 4 morning) were average - invariably the hot food was cold or lukewarm (never hot). We had 2 dinners there - the first night buffet was fine. Not bad. The served dinner was delicious. And they served hundreds of people so that is a good sign. And the dishes and cutlery are BEAUTIFUL. We were happy with this - be prepared that it's an older place, and you'll like it. If you expect all new and modern, you may be disappointed.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>apaula
<Content>Less than Ideal I stayed here for a week in February for a professional conference. I have stayed at other Fairmont hotels and been very happy. However, when we arrived to check in we were told there were no rooms with 2 beds available. The first room they put us in was the size of a broom closet. Two of us were splitting a room and had to share a bed because they were so inflexible. Friends of ours had to threaten to cancel their reservation before getting a room with 2 beds. Some of the managerial staff was shockingly inflexible - if you're the manager at a hotel of this caliber, your job is to please your customers not compound their aggravation. The location is nice. However, I would not stay here again, even for a professional conference. If I attend another conference at this hotel, I will stay at the Stanford Court: Renaissance Hotel or Mark Hopkins Intercontinental - both beautiful hotels with helpful staff, and located immediately across the street from the Fairmont. Rooms were fine, but not as nice as other Fairmont hotels I've stayed in before.The gym was very crowded in the morning, but is free if you join the President's club (it's free to join). There are nice places to run nearby, if you can handle all the hills in San Fran.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NapaLocal
<Content>Wouldn't stay here again       Candle lit dinner  
<Date>Jan 12, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	4	4	3	1	3	

<Author>A2DL
<Content>Great for a visit, not for a stay My boyfriend and I went to San Francisco to celebrate New Year's and stay at the Fairmont despite the Trip Advisor review. The decision was based on a raving recommendation of a friend that lives in San Francisco. While the lobby and some other rooms are gorgeous, the sound quality of the rooms (you really can hear everything) and the majority of the Fairmont staff are not up to standards. We were overcharged for room service (3 breakfasts rather than 2) and got zero assistance from the concierge. Our bellhop, on the other hand, was very helpful and informative - they really should switch jobs. Save your money and use it to stay in another hotel. I'm really sorry to say that but it's the truth - our friend had never spent a night in the hotel and had only gone in for dinner/drinks. That's all you'll want to do here.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	4	3	3	1	1	

<Author>Perigrinator
<Content>Do Not Stay Here!! Do not stay here! As a long time patron of the Fairmont-SF, I was appaled upon a recent stay with the horrible service. In the past, I had received impeccable service and a fantasitc room. As a Fairmont President's Club member, I had simply phoned the hotel, booked a suite and everything was fantastic. My latest experience left me never wanting to stay at the Fairmont-SF ever again. Apparently management at the hotel has changed and they do not care if you are a returning guest, a new guest, or anything at all except being rude with everyone with whom they come into contact. Whatever you do, don't stay here! The hotel itself is beautiful but current management is atrocious - they need to learn that the customer is always right, not that new management is going to change things and treat old customers like dirt. Whatever you do, don't stay here! You will be sorry and disappointed!  
<Date>Dec 9, 2006
<Rating>1	1	4	5	4	1	-1	2	

<Author>moodster
<Content>Wouldn't stay here again          View from our room  
<Date>Dec 3, 2006
<Rating>3	2	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>traveluster
<Content>Incredible!! We visited the SF Fairmont while on our honeymoon 11 years ago and returned for a memorable anniversary celebration. We travel for business and pleasure 2 or 3 times a year and have experienced hotel stays that rate from horrible to extraordinary. Our recent 4 night stay at the SF Fairmont was incredible. The city of SF and the surrounding areas have so much to offer travelers - beauty, character, history, friendly locals, excellent food, shopping and -- The Fairmont! We will return to SF in a couple of years and will definitely again stay at the Fairmont. Everything about our stay there was exceptional. This is a very fine and famous hotel with excellent service and amenities. The staff was terrific, never pretentious or indifferent. Everyone was always ready to help and offer more comfort or assistance. From the moment we arrived until our departure, we felt welcomed and appreciated. The lobby is absolutely gorgeous. The young lady who checked us in (front desk manager) could not have been more accommodating and seemed to truly enjoy her job. Our room was clean and fresh everyday. The bed - terrific. The view! The view! The view! Our room was in the tower and the sweeping view from Golden Gate Br to the Bay Br was awesome and romantic. The breakfast buffet was excellent. The front desk staff, concierge, valet, bar tenders, waiters, housekeepers, bellmen - many thanks to all for a job well done. General Manager and travelers, take note. This crew and their gorgeous hotel will make your SF trip much more enjoyable, romantic and memorable.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dfranko
<Content>You can't beat this view We stayed at the SF Fairmont for three nights vacation Nov 9-12, and our experience was fantastic. I would strongly suggest that if you are going to spend the money for a nice hotel like this, then upgrade to the signature room. We got one for a great price compared to the listed price by calling the hotel directly. The view from the huge picture window of our 18th floor room was incredible - from the entire GG Bridge to the left, to Alcatraz straight ahead, to the bay and the Transamerica tower to our right, to the city below. The bathroom was beautiful tile, clean as a whistle, and the separate shower in particular was the best I've ever had in a hotel, instant hot water and great water pressure. The rest of the room was average but spotless. You can definitely hear traffic below, the windows aren't soundproof, it was minimal, but the view made it seem like the penthouse. We only ate in the hotel restaurant twice, both for the breakfast that came with our room and their buffet was outstanding. There were also apparently quite a few conferences taking place at the hotel during this time, but it never seemed crowded. The lobby is beautiful and comfortable with plenty of places to sit. The hotel staff that we dealt with were all very friendly, not one problem. The hotel's location was perfect, especially if you want to ride the cable cars a lot. Buy yourself a pass (which unfortunately for some reason they don't sell at the Fairmont considering its location). And a note to an earlier review: when getting off of the cable car behind the hotel, you don't need to walk up the big hill to enter through the hotel front door; simply enter through the parking garage in the rear, follow the walkway to the elevator, saves a lot of walking. Catch any of the 3 cable car routes right behind the hotel and it's easy to get to many places. Thers's also plenty to see just walking around Nob Hill - beautiful apartment buildings, a nice park, or walk the labyrinth at the cathedral a few streets over. Without the view we had, this still would have been a nice hotel, but the view made us feel like this hotel was the greatest.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bigredcar
<Content>A Nobs Life       View from our room  
<Date>Nov 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>MrBenson
<Content>Noisey, Bland Hotel The lobby is Great, but it all ends there. I was in SF to attend a business conference and unfortunately selected the Fairmont instead of the Conference host property in order to use my Fairmont's President's club benefits. I stayed in the tower section on the 16th floor and the noise from outside was shocking. I could hear traffic, sirens and cable cars grinding there way up the hills 24/7. Stay somewhere else with better-constructed walls if you want to sleep. I was not offered any of the Fairmont President's Club (their frequent stay program) Platinum Level benefits such as the automatic upgrade to best room available, I also attempted to use one of my Platinum level suite upgrade coupons which they would not honor, nor did I receive a President's club platinum level welcome amenity. Why bother using any Fairmonts if you cant redeem your benefits? The Fairmont President's Club is worthless! I would tell anyone going to SF to make another selection if considering the Fairmont.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	3	3	1	1	3	

<Author>expectant customer
<Content>Great style The location of the hotel is great, at the top of nob hill, good views of San Fransisco and with the tram car at the back of the hotel. The style and decor is old world, attractive and comfortable. A grand entrance and lobby. The best part for me was the bed, very, very comfortable. Having stopped over on the Auckland - London route, I had an excellent sleep in the bed. My room was on the 1st floor, in the original hotel. There seems to be a modern (1980's?) tower block next door. The outside street was a little noisy, its those trams going up the hill that ring their bell. Not a huge problem, but a room further from the trams may be an idea. Good bathroom, large, great towels, lots of hot water.A lot of banquet and conference facilities, the hotel accommodates a lot of these. Service, staff all on top of their jobs, pleasant and attentive.Fairly pricey stay, but a great experience, and I would stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>MindyH
<Content>Fabulous! This hotel is exactly what you would expect of a grand historic hotel: gorgeous, luxurious, genteel staff, amazing breakfast buffet. The perfect location on classy Nob Hill is removed from the more raucous tourist areas but at the intersection of the cable car lines providing easy access to all of the sights.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CTbunny
<Content>Beautiful Hotel with Spectacular Views We truly enjoyed our stay at this hotel. We had a corner room, which offered two different views of the city. The room was very spacious and impeccably clean. The bathroom was gorgeous with marble countertops, large shower, and separate bath. The bed was incredibly comfortable. Decor was elegant but not overdone. Nice selection of drinks and snacks in the mini bar.The hotel lobby was very impressive. The person who checked us in was especially friendly and knowledgeable about the hotel. We called the front desk a couple times to ask questions and the staff members were very helpful.The Tonga Room is a fun place to have dinner or drinks. A band plays top 40 in a boat in the middle of a pool with fake rain showers. it's a little corny but still entertaining. Be aware that they charge an entertainment fee per person even if you are having dinner. The only negative during the stay was having to wait about 10 minutes to get our car from the valet. It is probably best to call ahead.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Cheb67
<Content>Extras would have been nice! We stayed at the Fairmont In August for 4 nts. The foyer was beautiful, although the rooms was a slight disappointment. It was missing the basics like tea and coffee and the snacks available in the room was grossly overpriced $4.00 for a pack of M  M's. We paid appox $800 for 4 night stay, but I found everything else was extra. I needed to contact a doctor and the hotel offered this within their hotel services. However, when I checked out they have charged me $1.50 just to request a doctor. Although the staff were polite I didn't feel they went that extra mile to make you feel welcome. The beauty parlour is in desperate need of improvement. We had friends who stayed by Union Square and although the foyer of the hotel were not as grand, the customer service they experienced was exceptional, with staff going that extra mile. I loved San Francisco and will return, however I will either chose a hotel within Union Square or Fishermans Wharf  
<Date>Sep 21, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	3	3	3	-1	-1	

<Author>SCFJJB
<Content>Can get better for the prices Parts of this hotel were beautiful (lobby especially). Our room was very spacious but bathroom storage needs improved. Even by San Francisco standards food and beverage costs were extremely high. Fortunately there were many nice restaurants and hotels within walking distance.Front desk staff was very helpful. Valet and door service surly or nonexistent.Please take advice of others and don't valet a car. We were able to rent a vehicle by the day. Rental places were within walking distance.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	4	2	3	

<Author>lorrainesgourmet
<Content>5 star and then some Firstly let me say that my husband and I are very particular about which hotels we stay at. The Fairmont San Francisco exceeded all of our expectations and then some. When we arrived the valet took our car and gave us a claim check and told us that when we checked in that our luggage would be right up. We were a bit early but were given our room immediately on the 8th floor. I asked for a higher floor and without hesitation was given a georgeous room on the 19th floor. Within minutes our luggage arrive. Not an easy feat since it was Labor Day weekend and the hotel was hopping!! It was our anniversary and when we came back from lunch there was a bottle of champagne as well as strawberry covered chocolates. Keep in mind that we booked directly from the hotel at the last minute and being a President's Club member our $203..00 dollar a night room (including breakfast) was just over the top. If you are a Presidents Club member...check out their last minute deals. I felt guilty for paying the amount that we paid. The service was excellent from the valet, to the check in process, the housekeeper (each day we left $10.00 for housekeeping and they left us alot of extras for our room.) We even had turndown service. The Laurel Court Restaurant was just okay...not horrible, but just okay for the prices that they charge. We had our first mornings breakfast in the restaurant and they had a buffet. They were so busy but the service was once again excellent. The next morning we had room service and it was once again just okay. They charge $3.50 per person extra, plus a 19% service plus something else which I can not remember at this moment. It was still worth it to us!! They don't tell you that they have complimentary coffee at the concierge until 8AM but that is nice to know if you are like me and need my coffee before I can get our of bed. The gym was fine nothing great but with all the walking that we did in San Francisco it suited it purpose. It is free to President's Club memebers.All in all if you are looking for an elegant hotel with outstanding service...This is the place to go.By the way parking was 51.60 per night...ouch!!  
<Date>Sep 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SushiLvr
<Content>Beautiful Hotel I just returned from a week-long stay at The Fairmont Hotel in San Francisco, and my experience there was great. The view from the room I was given at first was not what I expected, and the room was also in a noisy location. However I contacted the front desk and they promptly upgraded me to an even larger room, that had a breathtaking view of the bay--for the same cost. The service at the hotel was wonderful--everyone I encountered there was very accomodating and professional. I especially enjoyed the exceptional room service. The room service menu was extensive and the food was delicious. The hotel's restaurants were also quite good. The Tonga Room was a very unique restaurant with an interesting atmosphere and refreshing Asian-Polynesian cuisine. The room itself was wonderful. It was very clean, and well kept, and was also decorated nicely. The bathroom was large and spotlessly clean.The beautiful lobby was another thing about this hotel that I loved. It had a very classic feel to it, with marble floors and lovely furnishings.The hotel felt safe and secure and it was also in a good location within walking distance to Union Square and close to Cable Cars. Overall, the hotel was wonderful and I look forward to returning to it for my next visit to San Francisco.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>exlaxmom
<Content>wonderful,old world charm My family stayed at the Fairmont Aug. 7-9,2006. We were in from Md. and had never been to Ca. before. This was the third hotel of our trip and by far the BEST! The location was good for us. We felt safe in the Nob Hill neighborhood. The hotel is right on the cable car line, we however, did not use. We walked every where! Never imagined so many hills and the steepness of the hills! Whew! The lobby was extremely grand. My husband and I made use of it to relax many times during our stay. Our rooms were in the old part of the hotel. We had outside rooms which gave us a window with a view. We could see the Mark Hopkins front entrance from our window. Some of the inside rooms overlook rooftop airconditioners. The room itself was very large and had the feel of a bedroom suite. It was larger than our room at home! There was a HUGE dressing room(closet) and a well appointed bathroom. I am have a problem with cleanliness of hotel rooms, especially bathrooms, this was very clean. No mold or musty smell. The paint on some of the woodwork could have been scraped and repainted but the hotel is 100 years old! The staff was helpful and freindly but the concierge didn't know where there were local ,close sushi places. For this info we asked a front desk person and she steared us to a great place a few blocks away. Mama's was a hit for breakfast. Don't miss this one, but bring cash. No credit card or checks and expect to wait in line outside. Over all I would say the Fairmont is worth every penny. We called the hotel directly and got a summer special which turned out to be cheaper than many of the lower chained hotels in the area. Didn't eat in the hotel restaraunts a little too pricey but did have a drink in the bar one evening. Pricey too, but counted in the Fairmont experience.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>luvseattle
<Content>Fairmont's the Best-Hands Down My husband and three kids just stayed at the Fairmont-SF for my 40th b-day! It was wonderful! The lobby is drop-dead gorgeous, but very warm with it's rich colors. Service was mostly friendly and absolutely not snooty! We checked out the Marc Hopkins and other top-notch hotels, like the St. Francis..The Fairmont is is the BEST looking, hands-down! We had dinner at the Tonga, which was fun and great with kids. We also had the breakfast buffet at the Laurel Court, which was exceptionally good. We had a few minor disappointments: the complimentary champagne  strawberries didn't get to the room until VERY late, our beds lacked the comforters, (they were being laundered) and the Tonga room didn't have our reservations nor did they have any notation of my husband's request for flowers in the room. One of the front desk clerks had attitude when we tried to get the bed made up properly. When we brought it to the attention of the manager in the morning, we were assured this was not normal service. We had reservations for breakfast and they decided to pick up the tab. For our family of 5, it was worth nearly $85.00! I know it may sound crazy to some, that we can still rave after the mess-ups, but they did live up to their service when problems were brought to their attention. Maybe we were all having too good a time celebrating! They would have given us a new room with bedding, but with three kids we were already settled in. Comfortable beds and clean. Best feature: the hotel iitself...Worst: service needs a minor tune-up. Roof top garden was super for our picnic.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Hunter Fisher
<Content>Don't miss the Fairmont!! My husband and I stayed here for 3 nights to celebrate our 20th anniversary.First of all, in the process of researching and booking this hotel, I discovered that the deals were found working directly with someone at the hotel, not the 1-800 number or the internet.We got to the hotel early; bellman was very helpful in storing our luggage while we took a 3 hour run/hike of the city. Upon returning to the hotel to collapse into our room, we were instantly switched to another room since ours was not ready. The receptionist was very polite and we noted her attention to our fatigued condition as she alerted housekeeping of their timing problem. Our upgraded room in the tower was perfectly situated with views of the city, Alcatraz and Golden Gate Bridge. Beautiful marble bathroom and comfortable bed completed the arrangements.We loved the bountiful buffet breakfast, especially since our schedule did not allow much time to have a relaxing lunch. Our hostess even located us in the dining room somehow one particular morning to take a phone call from home when our cells were not working. Also the waiter took time to give us some unsolicited advice on the wine country which he could tell we needed by our maps and puzzled faces. The concierges also bent over backwards to be accomodating, making reservations and putting up with our countless tourist questions. I also remember leaving a note for the housekeeper for an extra trash bag. She read my mind and left 2 appropriate laundry bags next to the trash bag just in case. When I asked our bellhop where the ice machine was, he responded by getting it for us. These are some of the the little things that surprising stand out in my mind more than one month later.Only 2 minor gliches: We could not get our internet access to work even after joining the Presidents Club and receiving the code. We did ask for help at the desk and did not get very far. We experienced an overage charge for a breakfast delivered in our room which I considered tacky since our bed and breakfast package credit was for $70 per day, and orders were very simple. However, after expressing this on a survey I received, the guest services manager called me to sincerely apologize for the inconvienences and expressed the intention to get the overage taken off our credit card. We were impressed by the follow-up even if that doesn't materialize.It was a very memorable experience and worth recommending to our friends. Definitely see the lobby even if you don't stay here.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>L6Traveler
<Content>Good Overall, but Great Location and History With so many great hotels in San Francisco we had no idea where to stay for our anniversary. Since the price was right, we finally decided to stay at the most famous of them all, the Fairmont. The location on Nob Hill is perfect if you're looking to tour the entire city. (Make sure to walk to your destination and get a ride back...that walk back uphill can be tough on hot days).The good: The lobby, the history, the location, the friendly valet service.The bad: Seemed understaffed especially the concierge desk, regular rooms are on the smaller side, and there are some signs of excess wear (paint peeling, carpet stains, etc)Overall, if you find a reasonable price you can easily overlook any negatives b/c after all, it's still the Fairmont San Francisco.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>MWA1004
<Content>A Jewel My wife, two sons, and I stayed at this hotel from July 12th to the 15th. We had Fairmont rooms on the 2nd floor which were large with high ceilings. The bathrooms were fresh and spotless. This hotel is located at the top of Knob Hill, which puts it in easy walking distance of the waterfront, and Union Square (Down Hill going to these places, and then the hotel is on the trolly line comming back). The lobby is beautiful with large columns and grand staircases. The service was first class. We did not eat at the hotel so I can't speak about the food quality. We did go to the Tonga Room for happy Hour, and the food there was just so so. The Hotel has a commercial health club on site, and they refused to let our 16 year old sons work out, but a complaint to the hotel manager solved that problem. The only down side is the parking fees of $45.00 per day, but you do not need a car because of the hotel location. I would highly reccomend this hotel to anyone visiting San Francisco.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>traveljunkiegirl
<Content>Nice Stayed in a Suite durring a business trip and my company paid for the room. I was in a suite which was very nice, but it had a view of the roof.Room was very nice.The hotel bar had a good wine menu, but the catered food for the confernce I was attending was just fair. Hotel has a weird layout and in some confernce rooms the AC didn't work, so there were big fans in those rooms.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>dbolt
<Content>Great hotel, but horrible food service We live in the SF Bay Area and have stayed at both the Ritz and the Mark Hopkins on Nob Hill. We had business at the Fairmont and took advantage to stretch it out for a day of pleasure as well.The room in the Tower was great-clean, quiet, classy and eventhough only 7th floor, had a great view north to Russian/Telegraph Hill and Northbeach. Bathroom was great and overall nice hotel experience.But, the food -- for its expense. We admittedly had low expectations of the Tonga Room and were ready for the rather faded kitsch and fake tikki flavor. But we spent $120 for the appetizer platter, 2 salads and 2 desserts with 2 cocktails. The appetizer platter tasted like Costco freezer reheat and the desserts also tasted and felt like freezer food. The descriptions were great, but the creme brulee had mushy grainy sugar on top (not golden and crunchy) We sent it back and received...The pinapple upside-down almond cake that was like a slightly reheated hockey puck surrounded by flavorless fruit salad. I don't know how a caramilized pineapple become cold and hard after cooking. The cocktails had plenty of booze in them, but were nothing special. I would go JUST for the cocktails and $7 appetizer BUFFET during happy hour. The atmosphere is unique, but it could be really great, with al the themed eateries out there these days!We also had lunch box service for a conference in the ballroom. 500 people, but only about 300 boxes, so many had to wait. Same thing with the afternoon ice cream. If this was the Best Western in Podunkville i might give them some slack, but this is the FAIRMONT!The room service menu looks inventive, but very pricey and after our other 2 experinces, I am glad we did not try the in room dining.We will go back becausee the location is great, and staff good, but we will eat elsewhere.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2006
<Rating>2	2	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Oldsurfer
<Content>Very Impressive Hotel I stayed here for 5 nigths back in rainy Feb/March. Great rooms with amazing views, mine overlooked the front of the hotel. Massive bathrooms with bath and very large separate shower, plenty of room for a family of 4!I only ate breakfast in the htoel and again was good, service OK, great buffet selection but was over priced. Pool is outdoors, small but looked ok.I stayed here on business and would come back again on business or for a personal visit.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>dc26
<Content>Pancakes Oscar a Must! My husband and I celebrated our 1st Anniversary at the Fairmount a few years ago, and it was wonderful. The views were spectacular, and the accomodations were luxurious. But if you go, you absolutely must order the Pancakes Oscar from room service. You will not be disappointed. I still think about those pancakes and the yummy toasted marshmallow topping. It's nothing like I have ever had. Enjoy!  
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>big, tired and expensive I stayed here for three nights as part of a wedding. Positives - The views (if you are facing alactraz) are nice. Negatives - Very big Hyatt like hotel at Ritz Carlton, Mandarin Oriental, Four Seasons pricing. Our room was a discounted wedding rate and after tax was over $400. I have stayed at the Ritz, Mandarin and the Four Seasons all of which are a giant leap above this hotel and all (especially the Four Seasons) are better located. You pay for the view (if you are on the right side of the hotel) if you want to walk anywhere in San Francisco as the last block to the hotel is more of a climb than a walk. Room decor was tired, the restaurants were tired the lobby was tired. I think the hotel needs a fairly major renovation.Staff was generally unhelpful with any requests. Bottom line - For $400+ night there are many other hotels I would stay at in San Francisco (besides three above I have stayed at Campton Place which is right on Union Square and very nice) that are far better. I would say this would have been a reasonable if unexciting hotel at $250 a night and probably a bit better than Hyatt.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Visit We stayed for five nights with our children, ages 11 and 14. It was a wonderful base camp for a magical San Francisco vacation. The location is the best, and the hotel is a majestic combo of history, elegance, grandeur, and service. We had a tower room with two queen-size beds and an unbelievable view of the bay including the Golden Gate Bridge, Alcatraz, North Beach, Fisherman's Wharf, the Embarcadero, Transamerica Building, etc. It would be hard to upstage this trip and our stay at The Fairmont.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Belasaria
<Content>Nice, classic -- perfect for a long stay       view from our room - courtyard  
<Date>Jun 14, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An awesome glimpse into the past My wife and I went to SF for a medical conference for 2 days. We stayed in a tower room and had a nice view of the city. The room was clean and nice and the bathroom was fancy. The water pressure was fantastic and there was plenty of hot water available. The bed was one of the most comfortable king sized beds we've stayed in. The room service was out of this world. Highly recommend getting coffee and chocolate cake delivered to your room in the evening. Took about 15 minutes at most. Great service from the concierge desk finding a quick lunch at a place that wasn't filled with tourists. And looking at the old pictures and menus was quite fun. We had a nice dinner at the Tonga room where a simulated thunderstorm occurs about every 20 minutes and the center of the restaurant is a small pool where the band plays on a boat which floats in the pool. The food was tremendous. Get the appetizer sampler plate. Really good! One issue is that if you stay for any length of time, buy a multiday cable car pass as it is a steep walk down the hill several blocks to the nearest shopping at Union Square, which we both do recommend. If you ride the cable car all the way down to Market Street it puts you right in front of the mall. The stores are huge and lots of selection. We ate ate at the Nob Hill Cafe, which was good for lunch and weekend brunch. The cab fare from the Airport is $40 which I recommend from a convenience standpoint, but if you know when you want to go back to the airport, arrange for the airporter through the concierge desk, it's only $15 per person and they make only one stop between the Fairmont and the Airport, at least when we rode it. They have adjoining room situations which might be fine for kids, but we didn't bring ours to this conference. This is a really neat hotel. Enjoy just sitting in the lobby and look at all the fancy decorations and people that go there for special events. We will go back in the near future.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Roskolnikov
<Content>An expensive museum We were at the Fairmont for a scientific meeting. Facilities were adequate, but no better than your average businessss hotel. Room was large but poorly laid out. Decor dated. In a hotel noted for its terrific views, we had a view of a tin roof surrounded by the backside of the entryway. Food was basic hotel buffet. I generally like classic hotels (including this hotel's sister in Boston), but this one fell flat: quite a feat in a city as exhilarating as San Francisco. I'd have been really angry had I had to pay for this place myself. Save your money for better places.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Best San Francisco experience This is a truly sensational hotel. If you are looking for a great staff and a great authentic local experience, this is the best choice!! Also, the concierge is fantastic and can really give you advice and get you into some of the hardist non-touristy restraunts. I have stayed all over San Francisco and while the Four Seasons and Ritz-Carlton may offer a greater consistency, this is truly San Francisco's Grande-Dame. Stay here and you will have a great experience!!  
<Date>Apr 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrific Hotel I stayed for 3 nights at the Fairmont for business, and loved it. It's a lovely old grand hotel. I upgraded to a tower room with an amazing view of the bay, Alcatraz and the Golden Gate. It was wonderful. The room was elegant, comfortable and quiet, with a great bed. The bathroom was enormous, all warm colored marble, with a separate whirlpool tub and glass shower. I also had some documents delivered and sent a few FedEx packages--all went smoothly. The concierge desk was well above average, actually arranging dinner reservations at restaurants that did not smack of tourism. He was also able to get us a table for eight at Boulevard on short notice, which was amazing. The gym is also excellent, and the lobby bar is well-staffed and has a good selection of wines by the glass.I had only 2 complaints. First, the Fairmont charges for use of their gym and for high-speed internet. It turns out that you can get these for free if you fill out a little form and join the Fairmont Club, which costs nothing. However, no one tells you this--you have to figure it out for yourself. This is ridiculous. It is a fairly expensive hotel, and should simply provide these things for free. Second, the restaurant is ridiculously inefficient at breakfast, a major faux pas when serving business travelers with flights to catch. My colleague and I waited almost ten minutes for a table, when literally all but two of the tables were empty. The wait staff would not allow us to sit until the Maitre'd came over and took down our names and room numbers on a clip board. It was absurd.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bad Bad Service We stayed here for Friday and Saturday night in a king tower room. The room was nice. Very large with a large bathroom. The interior seemed clean until I looked out the window. There were two condoms (used) lying on the window sill. I tried immeaditaly to ring the front desk from the room phone and ended up in an endless voice mail loop. No operaters to answer nothing! So I went back down to the front desk where to have a talk about it and could not find anyone. Finally after waiting at the front desk for 20 mins. They changed my room (with very little apology) however due to it being a holiday weekend I was given a dark and tiny queen room for the same price! Upon leaving on Sunday morning I tried to calll the car park to let them know that we were planning on leaving in 30 minutes as we were instructed to when when deposited the car with the valet. I could not reach anyone again and ended up in voicemail loops again. Even when I tried the front desk. When we brought the keys down we waited for over an hour for our car to be returned. I will never be staying here again. There are far better places in SF.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2006
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>sjp1
<Content>Great! I have stayed at the Fairmont on several occasions and never had a bad experience. The rooms were sooo clean and comfortable. Anything I ate at the hotel was great(room service, restaurants, etc). The staff was great in every way. I have never had a problem with anything during any of my stays. Yes it is expensive, but its one of the nicest hotels in one of the nicest cities in the world. If you can't afford to stay here, then maybe you should go somewhere else. Anybody who did not like this hotel may not know what high class accomadations are supposed to be like, because this hotel is first class in every way.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FrankDrebin
<Content>Old Hotel, Old Interior.... I just returned from a business trip to the San Francisco area and had one day at the end in San Francisco to do a little shopping and site seeing before heading back to Sydney early on Sunday the 22nd of January. I decided to splurge on the Fairmont San Francisco because I had heard all the folklore and I am a Presidents Club member and thought it would be a great experience..boy was I wrong.Despite a fairly smooth and impressive check in (although the President Club check in was unmanned!) I was pretty shocked when I saw my room. I was in the far tower on the 5th floor, first room in front of the elevator bay! When I walked out of the elevator, there was an empty tray and champagne glasses in front of the door (which were never removed the entire 24hrs I was there!). When I walked in the decor was nice enough but quite tired. The view over Chinatown was great all the way across to Alcatraz etc, but the window seals were all ripped and there was a horrendous draft and it was noisy! The bathroom was typically immaculate as per most Fairmont properties but the rest of the room left a lot to be desired. The mini bar had been removed from the armoire it was supposed to be in and placed next to the desk so I could barely squeeze in to open it and/or sit at the desk and work. The broadband cable from the wall was frayed and didn't clip into my laptop due to the latch being broken off.Overall I wasn't there long but I was there long enough to know I won't be returning. There wasn't really anything that 'wow'd me and since I've stayed at a ton of 5 star hotels around the world I was quite disappointed in this stay. I guess I expected more not only out of such a famous hotel, but out of a Fairmont property (did I mention there were NO benefits to being a President Club member at this property, including no Gold Floors etc etc???)I would say if you like old, stale, over priced hotels then this is the place for you. This place reeks of old money and seems to rest on its historical laurels. Too bad many of the competing hotels around it (Four Seasons etc) seem to have understood that you need to keep up with the changes to attract new clientele. Not for me...  
<Date>Jan 29, 2006
<Rating>3	1	2	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>BAD customer service We had a room in the new tower on a Friday and Saturday night. It faced the inside court and a party in the hotel faced the same inside court. We were on the 16th floor, the party was on the 7th floor. The party was so loud we could not hear our TV. We called and asked if they could do something (we were paying over $300 a night). They told us we were the only ones that called (doubtful). By 12 midnight the party was still going strong, hotel did nothing to accommodate us, we could not even sleep. The hotel offered no help. We asked for hotel managers and they were rude. Worse scenario: it also happened Saturday night!!! Terrible customer service. Rooms were OK - very small. I would not return to the hotel.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I had a pleasant stay. I stayed at this hotel in Jan 2006 for 3 nights. Honestly I don't really understand the bad reviews. I was there for a Conference and paid a discounted conference rate for the room, but even at standard rates would be worth it. The lobby and conference rooms were beautiful. Although the staff was not the best I've experienced they were more than polite, professional, and eager to help. I thought my room was very clean and quite frankly I've never seen hotel room carpet that clean! Nice bathrooms, with awesome water pressure, hot water, and robes to borrow. Beautiful view from window, and the window opened to allow fresh cool air in. I had a king size bed w/4 fluffy feather pillows. I thought the bed was very comfortable and slept quite well. The rooms were very quiet: no noise from the outside except for the occasional clang of the cable car(which I believe stops running around midnight) but really could barely hear it anyway, no noise from A/C, pipes, or other rooms. The only bad thing I can say about the hotel is any hallway conversations seem to carry and are extremely!!! audible, I could hear the housekeeping crew each morning and each night I could hear rude people having conversations in the hall and unfortunately it did wake me up. I don't know if it was the shape of the hallways, poorly insulated interior walls or thin room doors but it was loud, although once the talkers made it into their rooms I fell right back to sleep.I can't speak specifically about the restaurants at the hotel but all food was catered by the hotel for the conference and was quite good, especially horsdervs/buffets at evening receptions.Went to the Tonga Room one evening for drinks; good drinks although the atmosphere was a little cheesy and Disneyesque. I just think in this city and in this hotel a bar that is a little more chic and trendy would be better suited. It just didn't seem to fit in with the rest of the hotel.The hotel is literally at the top of Nob Hill with very steep walks back up the hill, but I'm young and healthy and didn't mind the walk. Cable car is convenient if unable to stand the walk. The Fairmont is also directly across the street from the Mark Hopkins Hotel(check out Top of the Mark) and The Huntington Hotel, all 3 are in good company of each other.Although there is no coffee makers in the rooms there is complimentary coffee in the lobby each morning.I highly recommend this beautiful, comfortable and well located hotel.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>MFHLouisville_KY
<Content>Wonderful view Lovely old hotel with fantastic location and wonderful views from the TOWER rooms. Concierge (at least during previous visit June 2005) can be stuffy and unpleasant, but otherwise as fine a stay as you will find in S.F.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Ole Fairmont I have stayed at the Fairmont for both business and pleasure for years, both in the main building and the Tower. Whenever I have had a problem, they were quick to respond and resolution has always been to my satisfaction.The rooms are spacious, nicely appointed and the marble baths in the tower are exceptional. You could not find a more convenient location -- out the door and hop on a cable car, walk to the theatre, visit China Town and on and on.As a single woman, I have never felt more comfortable/safe and more at home than I have had at the Fairmont. The staff is always gracious and so helpful.I HIGHLY HIGHLY recommend it.......Treat yourself and stay in the Tower and ask for a view of the Bay -- there is NOTHING BETTER!!!!!!!  
<Date>Jan 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>RadicalGuy
<Content>Sorry, Not Up To Par . . . Well, I only stayed for one night at the Fairmont San Francisco, but I had the worst nights rest of my life. The bed was terribly uncomfortable, I could actually feel the spring coils.I stayed for a company Holiday party which was catered for by the hotel. Unfortunately, the food was way below mediocre. My partnered commented, it's just like eating on an airplane!The rooms were okay, and taking into consideration that this is a very old hotel, I did not let the wear and tear I saw on the room furnishings cloud my vision. (At least I tried not too.)All in all though, I felt that the service was lagging - I waited twenty minutes to check-in!Staff seemed depressed, and it is Holiday time, which brought my excitement to a dull end.My final feeling upon check-out: I would only stay again if I was not footing the bill!  
<Date>Dec 18, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Forestvillian
<Content>Fabulous Fairmont We stayed 2 nights at the Fairmont. From the moment we drove up we received friendly, courteous treatment by each and every one of the hotel's staff. There was a person ahead of us checking in and the Fairmont Club's rep waved us over to her area rather have us wait. As she checked us in she exclaimed that we'd been upgraded from a Deluxe King Tower room to a Tower suite. This was the Flood Suite on the 8th floor of the tower building and it was magnificent with a huge living room, large bedroom with an extremely comfortable king bed, and a spacious marble bathroom. It was a corner suite which had banks of windows on 2 sides that afforded panoramic views of the Golden Gate, the Bay (including Alcatraz), Coit Tower, Transamerica Pyramid, B of A Building and the Bay Bridge! I stayed up late at night just to look at the awesome views. It was also amazingly quiet with only low-level sounds of the City below. We ate a leisurely breakfast in the Laurel Dining Room and later had drinks in the lounge area. They're perfect places to just sit and relax and be surrounded by the opulent (not stuffy) decor. We also had dinner in the Tonga Room one night and it was wonderful! The food was much better than I'd anticipated, with huge portions, and the music was light, fun and not at all intrusive. We received excellent service in the Fairmont's restaurants as well. Altho' the parking fee is quite expensive at $43 plus 17% tax, we were so glad to be able to turn our car over to the valet upon check-in and not get in it again until we were ready to leave. We walked all over Nob Hill, Chinatown and Union Square, including walking to the City Club on Sansome and to dinner at Farallon on Post St. The Fairmont is truly a jewel of a hotel in a fabulous setting and our stay was as close to ideal as one can get.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>BigBree
<Content>Fabulous Hotel Spent four nights at the Fairmont - it was fabulous. Check in was a breeze - the desk clerk was courteous, efficient and accomodating. We were given a room in the Tower section with a gorgeous view of the bay. The room was spacious and well furnished, the bathroom was all marble, with a seperate shower and toilet area. The lobby is stunning. Breakfast buffet was expensive at $25, but great variety. The hotel is at the top of Nob Hill - it's quite a steep hike to get there, but cabs are cheap and the cablecar stops right outside. I highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>rokzan
<Content>Fabulous Fairmont! The Fairmont is a beautiful historic hotel. The great service began as we stepped out of the taxi  entered the grand lobby. It is very impressive  welcoming. We relaxed immediately upon entering.The front desk staff was very attentive  friendly. Our room was ready, even though it was only noon when we arrived. The bellman was very prompt  friendly. The room was slightly dated, but it's an HISTORIC hotel!! The room brought us back to grander times  the window opened to allow fresh air into the room. Just try to get fresh air at a more modern hotel. The king size bed was extremely comfortable. It lured us back for a nap every afternoon!The lobby bar was lovely. The bartender, Manuel is a lovely gentleman. He made us several delicious martinis ($13 a piece) and was happy to answer some questions for us about the city. The experience was so nice at the Fairmont, they make it difficult for you to want to leave to explore the city!The Tonga room is downstairs  is not the hotels main bar. It is very fun  kitchy. We went for cocktails  appetizers on a Friday night. There was a $5 cover charge after 8pm, but we had no problem getting a table in the lounge immediately. Great lively atmosphere with a nice band. They played something for everyone  there were many couple on the dancefloor. The MaiTais  Scorpion drinks were great, as were the appetizers we had. There is a rain shower/thunderstorm every half hour or so. Fun place. I look forward to my next visit to SanFrancisco  will stay at the Fairmont again. Yes, it is expensive. The drinks are expensive, but no more so than other hotels in the city. Valet parking is outrageous all over town, but who wants to drive (or park) in the city. The hotel's location makes it easy to walk to many of the sights  the cable car stops 1 block away!Those who complain about the hotel may be too demanding  fast paced to truly enjoy this beauty of a hotel.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MaggieMidwest
<Content>Disappointed to See the Property Tarnished by Bad Service The Fairmont SF was a real disappointment. One thing is clear--this is not a Ritz Cartlon or even a W. The Fairmont seeks to rely on the grandeur of the lobby and ignores service that is present at high end hotels. The old hotel has gone down hill.Examples:At check in we had to wait fifteen minutes to get a room while only two receptionists were working (the desk could accomodate at least four receptionists.No bath robes were placed in our room--we had to ask twice for them to bring them.The maid service failed to provide us new cocktail glasses and left the melted ice in the bucket for us to clean out four three days in a row.When I asked about the business center (to print boarding passes) the desk was rude and simply said it is not open on Sundays--no alternatives were offered.When I called for a turn down service (which is encouraged by a note on the bed left by the maid service) the desk acted annoyed and confused at the request.The hotel bar is the Tonga Room which is more like an adult Rainforest Cafe--gross.The cost to valet the car is $45 a night--the cost would not be so bad if it did not take 20 minutes each time I wanted the car.I could go on and on.If you want service or a four star environment--stay at the Ritz which is close by--a distinct difference between the two properties.Do not stay at the Fairmont unless you get a great deal--$160 or so. In sum the Faimont charges four star prices ($26 for a burger and fries; $14 for a pot of coffee) but does not deliver in the service department--if I pay for a $26 burger I want the staff to treat me with some care.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2005
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Stay on our Vacation We had a room in the tower. The view was truly astounding. We found the service and accomodations to be top flight. We stayed for 7 days and had no problems. We opened the windows and enjoyed the fresh air, found access to cable cars right out the back door, the bath is magnificent, and the service was great Would recommend that you join the Fairmont President's Club, it was free and offers discounts on hotel services like the internet. Also, highly recommend buying a Muni Pass, that paid for itself many times over. Overall experience was grand, we would certainly return.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Ann100
<Content>Good Location but Consider Alternatives The Fairmont is in a great location on the junction of the cable car routes and easy access to Fishermans Wharf (where we had a great meal at Boudin bakery/restaurant overlooking Alcatraz - booking advised) and Union Square. Both are also within walking distance but it is a steep climb back. China Town is just a few blocks away.The hotel entrance is impressive. Our room in the newer part was spacious, clean and had good city views.However San Francisco is a fantastic, relaxed, cosmopolitan city. The hotel seems rather grand and impersonal and I just think that for the price you pay there are alternatives.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2005
<Rating>3	2	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ok for Business travellers, but can do better I stayed at the Fairmont, SF for 5 nights recently for a business trip/conference at the Ritz. I was not in SF for pleasure, so location, although good for tourists, was irrelevant to me. I stayed in the old portion of the hotel which has some problems. Here's the pros and cons, for business traveler: Pros) 1)Excellent hi speed internet connectivity in room 2) Good desk 3)Std array of business traveler services like overnight laundry, room service, newspaper delivery etc. 4) Bathrooms appear to have been refurbed and were nice; Cons) 1)Rooms are very noisy, other room doors slam constantly, rattling the whole hall, and hall conversations are clearly heard in room 2) Room decor and entire older section is old/tired and needs to be redone, 3) gym, although it has some decent equipment, is expensive, 4) Cel reception (VZ) in room was spotty due to interior space, 5) Room had no view, which made work day, if spent in room, drearyOverall, a mediocre experience compared to Mandarin Oriental, Four Seasons, Ritz, Park Hyatt etc. in SF. If you can avoid the old section, do so at all costs and get into the towers or stay elsewhere.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Blissfulmemories
<Content>Great Jumping Off Point For SF Visitors The location and the Sunday brunch are just about the best assets of this property.It is a terrific starting point for exploring San Francisco and the concierge is quite helpful (although quite busy so plan to wait in line). Grace Cathedral is a block away and it is a short walk to lots of shopping and the waterfront.The rooms need soundproofing. Although we had a lovely, large suite with an amazing view of the city and Bay Bridge, as the hotel is located along the cable car line and a busy street it was quite noisy.The Sunday brunch offers an amazing selection and is a great value.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Could use some serious sound proofing My husband and I stayed here for 3 nights on the first leg of our honeymoon. We did not get off to a great start as when we arrived there had been a mix up with our booking and the receptionist said they did not have a room for us. After this initial confusion we checked into our room in the older part of the hotel overlooking the air conditioning units. Not exactly The Honeymoon Suite!Anyway the view didn't bother us as the room was comfortable and spaceous. We both love the city of San Francisco so we were not going to let this ruin our stay. We got changed and went downtown for the afternoon. We returned to our room in the early evening and we were really tired after the flight not to mention the wedding so we were looking forward to relaxing in our room and getting a good nights sleep. Unfortunately the room was far from relaxing. There was a 2.5 inch gap between the door and the floor so I had to block it up with a towel however the room also had an adjoining door and the guests staying in the next door room had a young baby that cried virtually all evening and then throughout the night. I said to my husband that we should ask to be moved but he said they would probably check out the next day and we had already unpacked. They didn't check out the next day but the day after that. I saw the cot in the hall and was looking forward to a quiet night. But the next guest was a businessman, he was on the phone and then practising a presentation nearly all night. Okay his voice may have been loud but more likely he could hear us as much as we could hear him.We ate breakfast in the restaurant one day but it was quite expensive ($22.00 each + tax + tips for toast and coffee). I didn't find the staff at the Fairmont to be very friendly in fact the only people capable of smiling worked on the bell desk.The puiblic areas in this hotel are beautiful but once in your room you could be anywhere. I would suggest that anyone that stays here asks to be put in the 'new' wing. Overall this was a disappointing start to our amazing tour around California.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Hotel, Central Location We just returned from a four night stay at the Fairmont. The hotel has a beautiful lobby that has recently been restored that certainly highlights the hotel's grand history. We also received a complementary wine tasting the first night we arrived that made us feel welcome in the hotel.During our stay we found the hotel's concierge to be very helpful from planning daily activities to finding restaurants and entertainment during the evening. We did not share any of the negative experiences that have so frequently appeared on reviews of this hotel. We stayed in a room in the old part of the hotel, and we found the room to have very up to date features. The one part of the room that was lacking was the mattress, which we found to be more uncomforatable than mattresses at other comarable four star hotels. Other than the mattress, we found the room to be spacious and clean.Probably the best part about the hotel is its location on Nob Hill. It's located at the intersection of the cable car lines, which provides you with connections to the Fisherman's Wharf area as well as Chinatown, etc. Union Square is only a 5 block walk downhill, so all the shopping is very close by. Basically the hotel gives you the opportunity to walk or possibly ride the cable car to most areas of the city that tourists would want to see. This is nice because taking cabs around the city can get expensive. All in all, I would say that this is a very good hotel in a great location, but it could use a few improvements to the rooms.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hide Your Valuables Debit card stolen from room, checking account wiped out, and a laugh from hotel management. Not my idea of a good visit.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel, Lots of history My husband and I stayed in the older section of the hotel, built in the early 1900's but with recent upgrades. While I was originally hesitant about staying in the older section, I now feel even more fortunate to have experienced the old world charm that the hotel has to offer. Hotel staff was very accomodating, and even put in extra effort to place us in a room with a beautiful city and bay view on the 4th floor. I recommend traveling outside of the restaurant for all dining experiences. Sears is top-notch for a reasonable breakfast, and is walking distance from the hotel. Other must see attractions are a short walk or ride on the street car - such as Union Square, Fisherman's wharf, Masonic Museum, and China Town.Overall GREAT Hotel, Beautiful City, GREAT TIME !!!  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>King of the Hill       The Fairmont San Francisco  
<Date>Jul 25, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dirty Room The room was dirty. I got really grossed out. I awoke in the middle of the night to use the restroom, I was barefoot. I notice after sitting on the stool how filthy the floor was around the toliet. It was like the floor hadn't been mopped in some time and previous people had missed the spot. Yuck! This really creeped me out! The large picture in our room had slime and marks on it. There were spots on the bathroom cabinets and sheets. The request for laundry service slips showed previous laundry requests with the person's name clearly legible. This room could have been very nice but it was filthy!  
<Date>Jun 21, 2005
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>davekv
<Content>elegant hotel - world class we upgraded to the newer Tower Rooms and I must say we were not disappointed with the views. The room was clean and well apponted although it alawys amazes me when hotel charges nearly 300 bucks a night and doesn't have a cofee maker in the room. Nonetheless, the Fairmont is elegant and compares well with world class hotels anywhere in the world. As someone else mentioned, the bars are quite excellent and especially the Tonga room where there is an interior rainfall, good music and lots of space to dance. We only found 2 negatives: first, was the cost of parking which was 50 bucks for overnight. The second was the concierge desk. We found them to be surly and not helpful. san francisco has so many wonderful hotels, we'll try some others next time.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>flossy24
<Content>Rooms not upto scratch When we walked into the lobby area we were impressed with what we saw, howver it was a different story when we got to the room. First of all walking down the corridor to the room it smelt musty and looked worn. When we got to the room and closed the door on the back of the door was coffee that has been spilt around 2 years ago and never been cleaned. Dosen't look very good on a white door!!!! Also the floor hadn't even been hoovered before we checked in and had the last peoples rubbish still on the floor and on the headboard it looked like it had collected 3 years worth of dust. Very very worn hotel which needs re vamping. Not a five star hotel would rate the rooms 3 star!!!!  
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>giadas
<Content>Awful cost/quality rate This is one of the symbol of San Francisco, as many persons of the place told us. Yes, its saloons were opulent and really wonderful but there were many bad things, especially thinking of the incredible price you can pay for such kind of hotel. First, the service was incredibly awful and you would expect something wonderful in that level of hotel. We were completely astonished by the afternoon tea we had: the price was quite high but more importantly, we asked for one bottle of champagne (of course very high price) and the smell and the taste were really awful. We then asked the waiter to change the bottle and he could not even understand what we were saying and he had to call the manager to do that! (in every little osteria in Italy you would immediately get a new bottle without any comments!). The rooms were elegant but we really thought that the hotel did not deserve the price. Go there just if somebody else is paying for you!  
<Date>May 25, 2005
<Rating>2	1	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fairmont: The Regal SF Hotel If you come to SF and want the best location, high on a hill, with professional, classy service, loads of amenities, and beautiful decor that can only be rivaled by the great hotels of Paris or London, stay in the old wing of the Fairmont.Very high ceilings, luxurious draperies and bedspread, excellent and efficient room service..... Diversity of restaurants on site. The lobby area is so beautiful that, even if you do not stay at the hotel, you should stop by just to see it.There are two areas in which the Fairmont does not fair quite so well: The hotel has a newer tower--with lovely but much more standard-type rooms--and therefore the Fairmont is a large hotel in which you feel like if you suddenly evaporated into thin air, nobody would notice. Second, the concierge desk is not particularly well-informed.....Better to use the internet or some guidebooks to help you figure out where to go and what to do with your time.  I've been to SF many times.....The Argonaut is fun if you have kids, but for an ultimate, classy, luxe San Fran experience, stay at this Grand Dame.If you really want to live, stay in one of the suites in the old section of the hotel. I should add: if you are looking for an incredible view, you don't get it from the old wing of the hotel. But you can walk out the grand front entrance and you feel so fine....And you look to your right and there is the bay.  
<Date>May 2, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>abualison1157
<Content>old school hotel we had a great time at the fairmont, we decided to upgrade to the tower room over looking alcatraz and what a veiw it cost $60 per night extra.the bed was comfortable queen size triple sheeting, turn down service had to be requested by ringing house keeping. The bathroom was nice and separate shower, toiletries were of there own make shampoo conditioner body lotion and soap, no little extras like cotton wool nail files ect.the staff we found were very nice and helpfull, the hotel itself was of the old school which i liked, yes its at the top of nob hill but i would say its one of the best, we walked to sears restarant for breakfast which i would recomend near union square, but get a taxi back up the hill its about $5.we had a pot of coffee the first morning delivered to our room then i discovered a little coffee take out down stairs near the tonga room a bit like starbucks. have fun.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ryskins99
<Content>Perfect Honeymoon My wife and I stayed at the fairmont on our return from the Fairmont Sonoma Mission Inn in wine country. The Hotel knew we were on our Honeymoon and upgraded our room to one with a bay view.. The view was stunning and the service was perfect. The concierge gave us all the great places to have lunch as well as scheduled our airport pickup for our departure day. Out of all the hotels I have stayed in in major cities the staff and hotel iteself were phenomenal.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The view is worth the money Our decision to upgrade to a room in the tower with a bay view was worth every penny! And the room is extraordinary with fine linens, a fantastic bath (separate marble shower and soaking tub), a great radio, and delivery of the San Francisco Chronicle and the New York Times in the morning! We also enjoyed a nice dinner at Tonga. Highly recommended for a romantic splurge.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>airdisc
<Content>Fairmont San Francisco for Families. A beautiful old world charm hotel.The property is well kept and close to the intersection of two main trolley lines.I would recommend this hotel for couples and singles,however not for families with kids,as you will find getting to and from the hotel is a bit tricky.Also be prepared for a huge commute to your room ,las vegas style.Enjoy the city by the bay.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Decent Enough Not a bad hotel--we paid $259 for a very small room without much of a view to speak of. The room was extremely hot and requested that engineering fix the problem, which they did (sort of). The breakfast buffett was nice. The location and stunning lobby are certainly the high points of the hotel.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tracycutch
<Content>Great place to stay! We stayed at the Fairmont for only one night (Feb. 2nd) while on our way to Sonoma wine country. The hotel, the staff, the views, the Tonga room and everything about it was spectacular. We would definitely go back!!!  
<Date>Feb 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NapaValleyGirl
<Content>Best Hotel in San Francisco ! We stayed at the Fairmont for the first time and now can hardly wait to go back. What an incredibly gorgeous hotel. We checked in that evening and were greeted very warmly, which is a nice change of pace from some other so called 5 star hotels. We were given an upgraded room with an amazing view of the bay !! WOW. The buffett breakfast was outstanding, just be careful if you book their bed and breakfast rate with breakfast included in the price of the room that they don't accidentely charge it onto your bill. Parking at hotels downtown is outrageous but the Fairmont actually charged less than most of the other hotels in the area. Overall, a great experience !  
<Date>Feb 2, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Faded opulence, but still the most impressive lobby The lobby of the Fairmont is way beyond the other top hotels in San Francisco -- The Huntington, The Mark, The Ritz-Carlton, and the Stanford Court. It's a little faded now but still impresses greatly. We stayed in an exterior room of the main building, for the history. It looked like it had been remodeled about 5 years ago and was still in decent shape, with an excellent bathroom, large walk-in closet, and good size sleeping room. Out the window we could see one of the shooting locations for Hitchcock's Vertigo. The staff were all friendly and for the most part, attentive. The Tonga Room, downstairs, with its band on a boat and periodic rainshowers is a must-see for any couple on a romantic get-a-way. We had a great visit!  
<Date>Jan 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>larover
<Content>Wonderful Stay At The Fairmont Recently stayed in a room with a bay view in The Fairmont Tower. Loved it. Amazing view. Very good service. The main bar/restaurant is quite nice. Did not have the food but did have drinks there. Great setting. The food at the restaurant in the lower level is not very good so stay away. The fitness facilities at nicer hotels always amaze me. I find them inadequate. This was no exception. They have an arrangement with a local gym that is housed in the lower level. Not very impressive at all but I don't expect much from hotel gyms. Overall a wonderful stay in a great setting!  
<Date>Jan 13, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>laurenz0
<Content>Loved the Fairmont My family of five just came back from a fabulous four day stay at the Fairmont (12/26-12/29) and we had a wonderful time. We stayed in a lovely corner room in the main building. It was very clean, spacious, and nicely furnished. The concierge was extremely helpful and friendly. We thought the location was great. It was an easy walk to Chinatown or Union Square. Both cable car lines run right by the hotel. We had afternoon tea in the Laurel Court dining room- it was pricier than other teas ($48 per person) but a nice experience. We went to happy hour in the Tonga Room for $7 a person (including kids) and the food was good. The kids liked the rain/thunder every 30 minutes in there. It is a beautiful hotel.... very classy but comfortable too. It was a great place to take our family and we would definitely return.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Strikers openly harrassed guests and hotel did nothing We recenlty booked a trip to San Fran using Expedia. We chose the Fairmont b/c it looked romantic. When we got to the hotel, there were hotel workers striking. The second we got off the shuttle they took bullhorns out and yelled shame on you. If we had known they were striking, we wouldn't have booked there. However, with expedia, you can't get out of your reservation. Everytime we left or returned we got harrassed, had whistles blown in our ears, pans banged in our faces. When we complained to the hotel, they said that the strikers were there employees and they wouldn't hurt us. The hotel didn't comp for anything or offer any apologies. Half of the services in the hotel were discontinued due to the strike and still no apologies or comps. It was terrible. I will never stay at the Fairmont or any hotel within that chain again b/c they didn't care that there guests were inconvenienced and harrassed by their own employees.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overated My husband and I stayed at the Fairmont SF to celebrate valentines with a romantic weekend. We chose the Fairmont SF for the great reputation but we were sadly disappointed with out stay.We checked in at 3PM and we were told our room was still being cleaned and would be finished in 15 min. So we waited in the lobby and in 15 min our room was still not ready. One and a half hours later our room was finally ready! The rooms were disappointing. Very old and chilly. Room service was a mess as well. We ordered champagne and then got a call to ask when we wanted dinner in our room? I contacted managment after our stay to convey our disatisfaction and was not pleased with their offer of an upgrade next time we stay with them.Overall, we spent over $400 at the hotel for one evening and didn't feel it was worth the money.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gone40
<Content>Positive Experience at the Fairmont We attended a friend's wedding on Saturday the 16th and spent the night in a deluxe tower room. We were worried about the impact of the labor problems on our stay - but found only minor service reductions (room service, valet). All the staff we interacted with were positive and helpful.Our renovated room on the 17th floor was very clean and had a great view. We were high enough up not to hear the protesters below. The breakfast buffet was very good and a great value at $18.Even with the reduced staffing, we found the Fairmont superior to other San Francisco Hotel's we've stayed at recently (Ritz, Mark Hopkins, Palace and the St. Francis)  
<Date>Oct 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a disappointment I typically stay at the Four Seasons on Market, but wanted to enjoy this hotel with my teenaged daughter over the holidays. I had made reservations well in advance and of course guarenteed them with a credit card. When I arrived at the hotel there were an insufficient amount of people working the desk in order to process all arrivals so after a long wait I was told by the desk clerk that they had overbooked and the only room that was available was very small. The manager was called over and he was of no help whatsoever, no overture was made to soften the situation or assistance in finding a room at another hotel and I was left standing with both clerk and manager looking at me blankly. Apparently, a guarenteed reservation means nothing here. Next time I'll forego the nice holiday decorations at this hotel and opt for service and style at the Four Seasons.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pricey, but Classy We had a wonderful time in San Francisco in early September, and stayed at the Fairmont. I was impressed by the elegance of the hotel, and its history. I was distinctly unimpressed by some of the prices.The Pluses:- When we arrived, the concierge warned us that as we had booked through Expedia, we might be underwhelmed by our room, which did not have an exterior view and might be claustrophobic. How anyone could be claustrophobic in the huge room we had amazes me. There was a large walk-in wardrobe, well-appointed bathroom and spacious bedroom. While we did not have a view of the street, we did have a view of the internal courtyard, which was perfectly satisfactory.- On one night, we ordered room service, and had a superb meal. While the extras mounted up (19% service plus a $3.50 per person delivery charge!), the food was delicious and very nicely presented.- The location is great. It is at the top of Nob Hill, situated close to Chinatown and the cable car. We walked to Fisherman's wharf in about ten minutes. The walk back up again took significantly longer, as Nob Hill is exceptionally steep. The Fairmont is close enough to all of the tourist sites, and I would certainly stay here again.- The decor and grandeur of the hotel is unsurpassable.- You can get a free newspaper on request (national or local).The minuses:- When we arrived, we had to wait for ten minutes before we were able to park our car. There was a wedding going on, and hotel guests were definitely a lower priority than wedding guests.- Further proof of functions being prioritised was a very noisy post-wedding disco which started at about 5pm on a Saturday and ended late at night. I wouldn't have objected, but the room in which it was held was next to the Laurel Court Bar and Restaurant. No-one would have wanted to eat or drink there with the noise that the disco generated.- Parking is charged at an extortionate $41.00 per night plus tax. If you can avoid bringing a car, do - you don't need one in San Francisco.- Don't eat at the Tonga Rooms, which is situated on the lower floor of the hotel. The food was appalling. My fish had clearly been frozen, did not taste good, and was very expensive. We shared an appetizer, had one cocktail each and a main course each, and our bill came to $100.00, which was unjustifiably expensive. It is worth having a drink there - they make good cocktails and the decor is certainly worth seeing. It is almost Disney-like with a band floating on a boat in the middle of a lake (the old swimming pool) and mock hurricanes with thunder and rain (don't worry - it only lands in the swimming pool)- I would rather that the hotel had kept the swimming pool than created the Tonga Rooms back in the 1930s. There is a charge for using the leisure club (which doesn't have a pool) unless you are members of the Fairmont's President's Club.Overall impression:I would stay here again, preferably without a car. I would avoid the Tonga Rooms like the plague, and would stay midweek if possible. I would certainly recommend the hotel to others.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tttong
<Content>Fairmont San Francisco Highly Recommended The Fairmont is the hotel to stay in when visiting San Francisco. It's heritage is remarkable. It's Bay Suite stunning.Myself and my wife enjoyed a very romantic July long weekend. The view from our 23rd floor one bedroom bay view suite was incredible. The Sunday Brunch was excellent. We are more the brunch goers than say high tea in the afternoon. For about the same price, we would definitely recommend the brunch.We loved the location near Chinatown which is of course the largest Chinatown in North America. All they are lacking in this hotel is a pool. Their old pool (referred to as the plunge) was renovated into their current Tonga room. We will definitely stay at the Fairmont San Francisco next time out.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TiffanyHonestandFair
<Content>My Fairmont Experience I am surprised by all the negative reviews. Personally I think people need to go and form their own opinion. We all know someone who loves to complain no matter what (which is what I think some of these negative reviewers have done). I stayed at the Fairmont a few years ago for my Birthday and had a FABULOUS time. I was fortunate enough to get a room w/ a 180 degree view of the city which was worth the price of the room all by itself. I will grant that it has been about four years since I have stayed there, but I seriously doubt that the rooms have gotten dirty, as one reviewer put, in that amount of time. The entire hotel is nicely decorated, the room I got was much larger then I was expecting, and the service was impecable. I have NEVER in my life had a complaint about something and had anyone ignore me, but perhaps I have more resonable expectations as to how to resolve the issue. I will grant I have a tendancy to acknowledge that everyone is human and I will let some things slide, but for those negative reviewers enjoy life and don't let every little thing get to you!!!  
<Date>Aug 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>very over-rated We stayed here on August 20 and 21, 2004 for our wedding anniversary. Our room was a bit shabby and smelled like cigarettes, although we were told it was a no-smoking room. The walls are thin and we could hear someone coughing most of the night next door. The other room next to ours had some children who yelled and cried and slammed the door. The doors are heavy wood and we could hear them slamming into the wee hours up and down our hallway. No newspaper, no coffe pot in room, no place to eat close by on Nob Hill except Chinatown. No coffee available in lobby except in dining room at $4.50 a cup. Breakfast costs $65.00. Next time we will stay closer to Union Square area where transportation is better and there are more food choices. This not an ideal location for children or anybody interested in tourist's attractions.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2004
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Elegance, Incredible Staff Pure elegance is the best way to describe this hotel. The staff was outstanding and really made the trip better than it already was. The rooms are a little older, the furniture was pretty old, but the room was still very nice and our room was very clean. The bathrooms were also newly updated (And I am REALLY picky!) If you are looking for a new, contemporary hotel do not stay here. We had a room in the older building and we overlooked the courtyard and downtown it was great! The hotel itself is just a very romantic place to stay. The extras there are very expensive, $40 for parking, $30 for breakfast, etc... The location is perfect and you can walk to everything, although you may want to take a cab or the cable car back up to the hotel. If you are looking for a neat, clean old hotel to stay in for a romantic weekend this hotel is perfect.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dust and more Dust When we walked into our room the surfaces of the furniture appeared gray from all the dust. We complained and they said they could not offer a different room because they were sold out. We had to step out to have someone clean the room and when we returned several hours later, I could still write my name in the dust. We wiped up the dust with a washcloth and took filthy rag to the manager on duty. We were told our standards of cleanliness were extreme but they went ahead and upgraded us to a Tower room anyway. The Tower was nicer but there was still plenty of dust. AAA should definitely reevaluate the Fairmont's rating.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>miechaela
<Content>A romantic hotel The hotel has such a romantic feel to it, it made our anniversary a weekend to remember. The hotel lobby is so beautiful and historic you feel luck to be there. The room was really nice and the views were break taking. On our anniversary They had chocolate covered strawberries and a bottle of wine waiting for us in our room. They have cool restaurants and right across the street is the Top of the Mark Bar that has amazing drinks and views. This is the best hotel in SF.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>danielle_7
<Content>Very Elegant Stayed at the Fairmont last week. The Lobby is beautiful and spacious with a nice large staircase. The room was elegant and romantic and great for couples. The bathroom was large and made getting ready very easy. The bar downstairs was cool and different with live entertainment. I would stay their again on my next trip to San Francisco.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An excellent stay Visited San Francisco from February 6th to 9th and stayed at The Fairmont. Though the room didn't have much of a view (overlooked the interior courtyard), my stay was great. Professional and friendly service starting at the front door, to the front desk and the gift shop. The room was well-appointed, very clean and relatively spacious. The bathroom was nice and the added touch of the scale was great as I was able to see how much weight I lost from walking San Francisco's famous hills!! Location on top of Nob Hill is quiet and all three cable car lines run by the hotel. Was able to book for $109 per night with the 3rd night free.The only minor concerns that I had included the $39 daily parking charge (though I didn't drive), the clock radio had to be placed by the window in order to receive any stations (not the hotel's fault as brick and concrete make for an effective signal block) and the hallway where you walk from the parking garage's California St. entrance to the elevator was on the dingy side.Would definitely recommend and would stay at the Fairmont again on my next trip to San Francisco.  
<Date>May 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>They're putting the 'fair' back in Fairmont   showReview(1911148, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Fairmont is exceptional   showReview(1770022, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sandiegonative
<Content>Completely overrated   showReview(1659943, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 18, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cstar11
<Content>A Honeymoon Dream!   showReview(1625094, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 2, 2004
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>marysman
<Content>Class and elegance   showReview(1396072, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 16, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>excellent hotel   showReview(1378598, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 8, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice place to stay   showReview(1371839, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 30, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointed with The Fairmont Hotel   showReview(1346449, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 21, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Oli-on-trip
<Content>The grand old dame of San Francisco   showReview(1118696, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 29, 2003
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>galileocan
<Content>A Classy Place to Be!   showReview(1070362, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 5, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>璞彲銇儧銉嗐儷銇с仚銆?#x201d;   showReview(22855536, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Klassisch sch枚n!   showReview(20549597, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>j'y retourne   showReview(20549598, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un beau palace avec en plus une histoire   showReview(20549596, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>F眉r einen SF Aufenthalt bestens geeignet   showReview(19637315, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Perfect Hotel for perfect Holidays   showReview(19637314, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>phvaalgr
<Content>tr猫s bon   showReview(19348458, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel exceptionnel!   showReview(19637313, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un h么tel luxueux et confortable   showReview(19637312, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Einfach Super   showReview(19637311, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent s茅jour   showReview(19637309, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ein Klassiker   showReview(18526619, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>aliceBrianza
<Content>Classico!   showReview(15929598, 'full');   
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	3	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Guter Expedia-Preis f眉r erst-klassisches Hotel!   showReview(16585979, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un des plus beaux h么tels de San Francisco, sans aucun doute!   showReview(15567839, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>VincentLuxembourg
<Content>Tou t ce que l'on attend d'un grand hotel!   showReview(12430012, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>laisisbonita
<Content>Super Genial y Elegante, El Salon Tonga Simplemente Divino!!!   showReview(12062020, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Jorgerlo
<Content>Excelente situaci贸n y confortable       Vista de la habitaci贸n  
<Date>Oct 5, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍎泤銇皸鍒嗐伀娴搞倠銇倝   showReview(19158977, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 29, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉庛儢銉掋儷銇Τ鍏夈仹瑷倢...   showReview(19921436, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 19, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

