<Author>Cris_P_Bacon
<Content>Not too bad, but could have been a LOT better! Don't pay the rack rate!!! I stayed at the Rydges World Square Sydney for 4 nights. I got a decent rate by booking it through an extremely helpful friendly lady on a travellers helpdesk at Sydney Domestic Airport. She told me that the Rydges group had recently taken it over and pumped big bucks into it. She got me a good deal. I had previously looked at this hotel, both on the Rydges website and on wotif.com but found the prices to be a bit expensive, especially as this hotel is not really that close to the usual Sydney attractions of the Bridge, the Opera House and the Rocks.The hotel is on Pitt, one of the main routes through the CBD. It has a monorail station right outside and is also handy for places such as the Haymarket, Darling Harbour, China Town and Paddys Markets (open at weekends) I got a taxi from the airport to the hotel as I had some heavy luggage and the nearest rail station (Town Hall) is a 10 minute walk away.On arrival I eventually found the reception (upstairs on the first floor via the escalator) I didn't notice any signs, the concierge on the downstairs desk told me where it was.The nice lady at the airport told me that check in was at 2pm. I was early getting to the hotel (got there just before 1 pm) The hotel didnt seem overly busy and was a big place, so I was hopeful of getting to my room before 2pm and dumping my bags off. The reception staff were smiling and polite but sadly told me I couldnt check in early as 'My room wasn't ready'. However they told me I could leave my bags with the concierge who would take them straight up to my room as soon as it was ready.I made my way back down to the concierge on the ground floor, told them my name and room number and duly left my 3 suitcases with them, which they tagged up and gave me a receipt for.I then went for a walk around the surrounding streets. There were a myriad of pubs, restaurants (mostly Korean but a couple of Japanese) and plenty of convenience stores (most of which were open 24 hours and were well stocked) all within a couple of minutes from the hotel.I came back to the hotel about an hour later (bang on 2pm) and went up to reception. The same smiling Oriental receptionist lady that I had spoken to earlier told me that sadly my room still wasn't quite ready and to come back in about 15 minutes.30 minutes later I came back and the same lady told me that my room was finally ready. I was on the 3rd floor. I had asked for a smoking room, and I got one. She rang concierge who said that my bags were on the way up. Lift access and room door activation are all controlled by card readers.I made my way up in the lift and followed signs to my room. I eventually managed to get in on the third attempt as my card didnt seem to work first time. this may have been error on my part as I didnt have any problems afterwards. On entering the room I was pleased to find it was a good size, nice and clean, King size bed, decent TV set and a nice ensuite bathroom with towels and complimentary soaps, shampoos etc etcI was less than impressed to find out that only 1 of my 3 items of luggage had made it to the room. I immediatley went down in the lift to ask the concierge where the other 2 were. We eventually found them locked up in a back room. I also quickly discovered that English wasn't this concierges first language. I took both my bags up to my room myself via the lift.Back in the room I decided to go outside on the balcony for a smoke. There were no chairs or tables outside and the balcony itself was very dirty. There were numerous discarded cigarette butts outside from the previous occupants, with lots of other garbage stuffed down the one drain hole in the middle of the balcony. The balcony itself was pretty grotty with a 'view' of the restaurant and down into a little alley that linked Pitt St with George StThe room had the usual mini bar with the usual extortionate prices for bottles of water, beers etc etc, all crammed into a small fridge. I did what most people do, removed their items and replaced them with my own that I had bought from the local convenience store for about a quarter of the price, putting theirs back in unused on the morning of my departure.The room had a jug and complimentary tea and coffee. The room was serviced daily and all the items were replaced, together with fresh towels if required.There was a laundry room next to mine. This consisted of one old washer and one older dryer. Both these machines are coin operated. I think it was 3 bucks per wash and 3 bucks per drying cycle. There was a sign up to say not to use these machines after 8pm. I wasn't impressed with the washer and the dryer didnt give you long for your money. On the second day I just washed my stuff out in the sink or bath tub and rigged it up over the bath to dry out. (on one of those nifty retractable washing lines you only ever seem to find in Oz!)I can't comment on the food at the hotel as I didnt eat there. However each morning I noticed that most breakfast trays that were left outside peoples rooms for removal were largely untouched.Clientele at this hotel are a varied mix, from single travellers to couples, but by far the most usual guests seem to be cabin crew from Korean Air. Most mornings special buses would arrive to take them off to the airport, and bring others back later.General noise levels in my room were low, I had really good nights sleep and there was no real noise from traffic outside, drunks etc etc. The king size bed was really comfortable and the telly was excellent. The shower was hot and powerful (in a cubicle) and there was also a bath (which I washed my undies in)On the final morning of my stay I got up to see the bill shoved under my door for me to check before leaving. And what a good job I did check. I paid a cash deposit at the airport, this amount had not been taken off my final bill and they had charged me for 5 nights instead of 4.Once I pointed this out with reception they quickly amended it and I paid cash before checking out.To sum up.... I quite enjoyed staying here. However I have stayed in hotels in Sydney where the service has been much much better than the Rydges, the rooms have been better and the location much better for the Bridge, Opera House and the excellent Sydney Rail network. I would expect complimentary washers and dryers at least, (certainly if I paid the rack rate) although naturally I wouldn't mind providing my own laundry powder. Also I couldnt see any pool or spa at this hotel, I previously stayed at the excellent Meriton Apartments on Pitt St (just up the road) and it was heaps better than the Rydges.If you can get a good rate on wotif (or the lady at the Domestic terminal) then this place is probably worth a stay, otherwise try somewhere else.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TweetyKwong
<Content>Great Location at a Great Price We stayed 6 nights in a double double room. There were 2 extremely comfy double beds in a reasonably size room for 2 adults and 2 kids, at a great price of $176 per night on average. The washroom was spotless with a bath tub and separate shower. The concierge staff, Serhan, made us feel right at home with his warm and friendly greetings every morning.The hotel may not have the 5-star quality of Hyatt or Shangri-la, but it is a well-deserving 4.5-star hotel.We were on the so-called 16th floor, but it was really 4 floors above street level. There was not much of a view, but we were lucky enough to have a window facing outside at the street with the monorail passing by below - great fun for the kids! Street noise was minimal.Location was great, great and great! Coles supermarket in the basement of World Square came in really handy. There were several fantastic breakfast places on the ground level next to the 2 hotel entrances. There were an even wider array of restaurants around World Square for dinner - very important after hectic day out with 2 kids on toll. Joining as Rydges Priority Guest not only gave us some hotel discounts, we were also entitled to discounts on certain day tours and the monorail. Definitely value for money!BTW, we paid by credit card and the staff did convey the fees very clearly to us before payment. No issues with that!  
<Date>Dec 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tarun_rati
<Content>Liked the Location Rydges World Square is a nice place to be in. The location is gud... Monorail at ur doorstep, tourist spots like Hyde park, sydney tower, darling harbour at walking distance...I even walked up to the SCG....I checked in at World Sq after my 5day stay with another Rydges Hotel : Gold Coast Intnl....So I was expecting 4-5 star luxuries, and I must say that I wasnt disappointed......Only thing I cud hav done better was to ensure that I get b/fast with my room......which I had in GCI but not at World Square...But that wasnt a problem as Coles (a supermart) and many many rest. are right besides the hOtel....Final word: Go for it, superb value for money.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Paris12
<Content>Very enjoyable 4-day stay       Bathroom  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	3	2	4	

<Author>Tricolours
<Content>So close to getting a reasonable review!! I had read some fairly negative reviews about this hotel along with a few good ones and they came so close to getting a good one from me but faultered in the last hour of my 24 hour stay.I found the hotel to be pretty good up until this point with a nice business style standard about the premises. I doubt I would rate it 5 star when I compare it to the Sheraton, Westin, Park Hyatt etc but I felt it deserved a good 4.5 rating. The rooms were modern  functional without being luxurious and the check in experience and concierge were above average. We had a deluxe king room that was comfortable. We had a drink in the bar which is quite nice with pleasant surrounds. So overall they were travelling pretty well.Then came the stumble. We arrived at breakfast at 9.25 (with the buffett advertised to go to 10.30) and of the 8 or so warming bowls offering an assortment of hot food 5 where completly empty. No great problem so we enquired with the staff and where treated with absolute indifference. Several other guests also pointed this out with the same response. We were in the dining area for 40 mins and in that whole time the only thing they topped up was some hash browns. I counted 9 staff running around but yet you had guests sitting there eating toast and nothing else and these staff treating paying guests with disdain. The GM of this hotel should kick their behinds and remind them that it is these very guests who pay their salaries! I wouldn't have cared if everything was empty if one of two things happened:a) They were polite and arranged things to be refreshed orb) they were polite and offered to have something cooked fresh from the kitchen.Notice the key here is POLITE. Unfortunately bad service and practices are a reflection of the management and the GM has to wear it has his/her responibility to either belt the apathy out of them or terminate them immediately. Here is an idea terminate half of them put a rocket up the rest and I guarantee you tomorrow the apathy will be gone.Then to the final stumble. I check out and pay with my Amex, and to my disbelief they hit me with a surcharge. Now I have stayed at hotels all round the world and have never been hit with this charge. I would have thought the sort of corporate/well heeled guest is what you are trying to attract and these are the sort of people who carry Amex, so what do you do, accomodate them?? One would have thought that would be a good idea but not at Rydges - they spit at the very people they are trying to attract. Once again disdain - see how it filters through the whole organisation Mr/Mrs GM. So with me they went from getting a pretty good review for a hotel that does most things adequately to going off my radar for the future. Sad really.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>2	4	4	4	3	4	2	-1	

<Author>Lupin4
<Content>Is this Fawlty Towers? This was a most unprofessional level of service for a supposedly quality hotel. Poor service ranged from rude waiters who would not serve, to attempts to charge for mini-bar items that were not consumed. Management seems indifferent to complaints. This review does not list other problems that occurred during my stay. I shall not return to this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>yellowskyblue
<Content>Shocking post-stay service Stayed Fri and Saturday night last week - and paid $306 for both nights. For the price paid, I thoroughly enjoyed my stay. I have stayed at this hotel before (and previously when it was known as the Avillion) - and enjoy its convenience to Central Station and Cinatown.After checking out, this is when my nightmare began. Two days after staying at the property, I noticed an anomilie with my Credit Card - for $110. As I was advised at check in that there was a $10 authorisation (or imprint) - I immediately checked with my bank, who informed me that Rydges World Square had an outstanding authorisation for $110.I immediately rang the hotel (late at night), asking for answers as to why the figure was so large, and how it could be reversed quickly. I was not given an answer why there was an authorisation for $110 - but was told the quickest way to reverse it was to put on a charge - and have the charge immediately reversed. I was asked if I would approve a $10 charge to be refunded immediately - for which I agreed.After I hung up, I checked my online statement - and my available balance had returned to normal.However, the next day, it was thrown out again - this time by $100.09. After calling my bank - I was informed that Rydges World Square had charged this amount to my account. It appears that the clerk who I spoke to (and who I authorised the transaction) somehow changed $10 to $100.09.Five days post stay (and four telephone calls later) this problem was finally rectified. On each occasion I had to make contact with Rydges - however they did try and email me - to a misspelt email address (even though I updated it upon check-in). One Representative who I spoke to suggested to me Rydges was not to fault - and that I probably had forgotten about a purchase I had made on my credit card!!! I have asked for an investigation to take place, and for a Manager to contact me direct regarding these incorrect/unauthorised transactions. So far I have heard nothing.Such an incident is disapointing from a Hotel I have enjoyed staying at in the past. The whole suituation has made me question just how safe my personal details and financial details are kept - made even worse by the way in which it has been handled.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>1	1	4	5	4	1	-1	-1	

<Author>JulzE
<Content>my home away from home I travel to Sydney frequently and Rydges World Square is currently my home away from home (until I get bored and need to mix it up a bit). Its good quality, reasonably priced and in a good lively location. My business finishes at about 9pm and so I like that I can check in then pop out for sushi or other light meal, get the feeling that I have been somewhere other than work, and then go to bed. If I finish a bit early I can even squeeze in a tiny bit of shopping in the plaza just under the hotel.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>strawberry38
<Content>Loved the decor, it was modern  Just recently stayed at the World Square Hotel Rydges in Sydneyand I was very impressed with the pleasantness and attentionwe received. We only stayed in the basic room and it was verynice with comfortable beds and all you need for an overnight stay.The hotel is positioned very well in Sydney , with Chinatown,Monorail ,Train station , and Bus transport all very close. The shopping in the World Square covers all you could need with a Coles Food store, lots of places to eat and dreamypastries from the Breadtop chinese bakery. We enjoyed our stay and would recommend this hotel to any Sydney visitor.After I had booked the stay, I read some of the reviews and wasamazed at some of the derogatory remarks, and hesitant at howit was going to be! Totally wrong. It was very good and I thinkpeople must complain about nothing(a few stains on a carpet does not require a complaint!) I thoroughly enjoyed the stay andwould return very easily. I loved the cute little bottles of toiletries, I will keep them as reminders!  
<Date>Nov 7, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>bigmumma60
<Content>EXCELLENT STAY We stayed here last Saturday night as we were going to a birthday dinner in Darling Harbour. 2 adults and 2 kids. The hotel was very nice and the room we had on the 16th floor was great, it was big enough for us and had a large plasma tv, the bathroom was big and very nice. The very pleasant and friendly young man that checked us in gave me a family pass to use on the monorail as I mentioned that we were going there that night for dinner. I especially liked that you could open the window slightly in the room and get some fresh air. I think the hotel is in a great spot for tourists to Sydney, as you have the monorail at your doorstep or just a short walk to the train station or buses.All in all we had a very enjoyable night and found everything with the hotel fine and would definetly stay at this hotel again. We used the valet parking which was very efficient.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>Mark_L_8
<Content>Beware the beds The mattress in the room was dreadful 鈥?a Dunlop mattress manufactured in 1998 鈥?Yes I checked!The Dream beds are great, but only if the room has one. Make sure you ask. (For the same money, try the Fraser Suites in Kent St)  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>1	3	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>moocam
<Content>Dream Bed, NOT!!! We booked to stay 3 nights at this hotel. Check in went smoothly and the room seemed clean and quite nice. The first problem was everytime we turned on the on the air conditioning, it gave a loud rattling / banging noise for about 30 second, but eventually worked, until the 3rd night when it apparently burnt out, so didn't work at all. The next problem, every afternoon when returning from our day of sightseeing we would try to reenter our room but were locked out, so had to go back down in the lift and get issued with a new card to get back in to our room. The biggest problem was the so called Dream Bed, we were sleeping on springs. Housekeeping had forgotten to put the special thick matress protector on the bed. I called housekeeping and was personally guarenteed it would be rectified, when we returned to our room in the afternoon, again after being locked out, we discovered the bed was still just springs. So by 6pm on our last night in this hotel with no airconditioner and the bed from hell, we were offered another room, upgraded, so, we had to change our dinner plans to pack up our belongings and move rooms. This hotel has emailed us with a Post Stay Survey, would you believe, specifially asking us about the Dream Bed We have stayed at other Rydges without problems but this hotel was very disappointing.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>1	3	1	4	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>BangkokNegotiator
<Content>Good hotel close to China town I booked this hotel based on my friend's recommendation. Cost me A$179 per night. We get a nice clean and comfortable room, although a bit small and no view even on 28th floor. We found the service to be very good and friendly. They are very helpful to our 'tourist' questions especially the concierge. We didn't eat in the hotel so we can't comment on the food.Location wise, its next to China town so there are a lot of Chinese and Korean community in the area as well as Thai's close-by. I find it a bit far from the habour and if I was to visit again, I would stay around The Rocks. There are a lot of oriental restaurants around. Internet cafe is right out side the door on the plaza side for A$3 per hour.If you wish to stay near China town, this is a good place to book.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	5	3	-1	-1	

<Author>Lisabird89
<Content>They go more then out of their way to help you!!!!! Rydges hotel should take pride in their excellent customer service. I was on my way to the hotel, I got lost in the city trying to find the hotel. The hotel worker stayed on the phone giving me street for street directions to get to the hotel. I parked in the wrong carpark, the workers moved my car for me at the proper place where valet parking is done with no extra charge. They allowed me to keep my car in their parking lot even after checkout and drove my car to the front door ready for me to go home when it was time to leave.I was very impressed with facilities at the motel. They provided several types of pillows to meet your comforting needs, tv with movie channels, iron, free towels.I found the rooms to be really nicely done up, exceptionally clean, and the beds were extreamly comfortable and I had the best night sleep.They provided a continental breakfast with a wide variety of delicous foods to choose from! Hot foods, the a wide variety of fruits.The staff are very friendly, polite and professional. I cannot wait to stay their again!  
<Date>Oct 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>catandjules
<Content>Not the best Hotel is in a great location - short walk to Darling Harbour, shops, restaurants etc.Building and rooms are extremely tired thought and the whole place needs a make-over. The carpets are stained and the interior is very poorly maintained.The buffet lunch was nice, but room service meal was apalling and once done tray and leftovers sat in the hallway for almost a full-day.There are many better choices in Sydney - probably less expensive too.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	5	2	3	1	2	

<Author>malrose39
<Content>Good place to stay Stayed here for 4 nights for a short break in Sydney. Hotel was good, clean and accommodating. We got a free upgrade to an executive room (19th floor). It was a huge bedroom, with good bathroom, separate shower. Dressing gowns/slippers and cuddly teddy bear all included!! A carton of fresh milk in the fridge for complimentary tea/coffee - none of your horrible creamer/sachets here, and this was topped up for us when required. We didn't have breakfast here, instead we ate every morning at CAFE LA ROSA, just outside the Liverpool Street entrance to the hotel. The food was excellent, staff so friendly and rates really good too. We didn't dare try anywhere else just in case it wasn't as good - Manny's fruit special is a must......Mr  Mrs McNultyYarm, North YorkshireUK  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>Adnansamir
<Content>Bad reception - rooms quite good We stayed at this hotel in Sep 2008. Although the location and the rooms are quite good the reception is pathetic. The staff there do not know proper english i am sorry to say. Also the staff at the reception lie a lot. We came to the hotel at 1300 Hrs and enquired if our 2 rooms were avaiable. Only one room was given to us which was acceptable as the normal check in time was 1400 Hrs. However the other room was not given to us till 1530 Hrs. And whenever we spoke to the reception the girl lied to us that the housekeeping staff has not cleaned the room. Actually they were unable to keep the room ready from the earlier passenger. alo once when i checked into the room a housekeeping staff just barged into my room. I was shocked. They still had to do some cleaning of the room which she did and left. Other than this experience the rooms were of OK standard and the location was close to China Town and Darling Harbour.I suggest you this hotel however just beaware of the reception.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	4	3	1	2	3	

<Author>drusinator
<Content>Great value I booked an Executive One Bedroom King Suite and it was better than I had imagined. The second bathroom was huge, but the ensuite was big enough to live out of. The lounge was spacious, the room was perfectly clean, the staff were lovely, and the valet parking was quick and easy. I have stayed at a few Rydges hotels before and this one is definitely at the top of my list.My only complaint is that the in-room movie system is outdated. You can't pause and restart the movie and it looks like it runs of a VCR or something. The movie system in other Rydges hotels is far superior, and I hope that World Square will catch up with the others soon.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lady0421
<Content>First Class Experience We stayed at Rydges World Square when we attended a friend's wedding down in Sydney. We picked this hotel because it was on a special rate (We stayed over the weekend at $180AUD per night, with velvet parking and buffet breakfast each morning, in a king's room), and because the hotel is situated at the centre of the city, central to everything 鈥?and if you enjoy a bit of Asian culture, China town is in walking distance with markets and bargaining shopping It was a fantastic experience.Considering the location of the hotel, we did not expect a room with magnificent views - but the service quality provided instead is more than we could ask for!The staffs doing the check-in were friendly, helpful and professional - and I find the staffs at the doors were always on the lookout for you! They will always be ready to greet you as you enter the building, standing by ready to park your car and were efficient when calling taxi other guests at the hotel. On top of that, an incident happened one evening during my stay - while me and my girl friend were waiting for our men to come pick us up, a bunch of drunk strangers walked towards us and started to talk in ill-manner - but the staff at the door were quick to look after us - boy oh boy, weren't we glad!The hotel is nicely furnished and our room was spotless clean. We were provided with all the necessities - hair dryer, iron  ironing board, toiletries, towels...etc. Daily room services were flawless and always refilled/replaced the things we used with new ones. We were treated like VIP at all times, and the buffet breakfast was delicious and the variety of food for choice was impressive.I'll definitely stay at the same hotel again!  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jessica_aus
<Content>Great location! My partner and I stayed at Rydges for our 2nd anniversary this w/e for a night! We booked over the phone through the Rydges booking line. I asked for one of the better rooms and was put in the executive business suite. I asked if this included parking or breakfast and was told it didn't and therefore paid $20 pp for buffet breakfast. When we arrived we discovered there was an executive lounge and breakfast was provided. I am annoyed the lady didn't tell me this over the phone when I booked, and hence paid an extra $40.The room itself was lovely, the most comfortable bed I have ever stayed in (dream bed!), plasma tv, bath, high floors (19th), clean room and chockies, magazines and bathrobes!We visited the executive lounge for drinks before dinner and it was great! The service was wonderful and a fantastic variety of food and beverages!My only other complaint besides the breakfast was that our check in was 2pm and my partner arrived as I was shopping in the city and they wouldn't let him check in until I called up and added his name to the booking (annoying) then when I arrived half an hour later they wouldn't give me the room number or a room card. They then rang him and he had to come down and get me, even though the booking was in my name! (VERY ANNOYING!).Apart from that we had a lovely stay! The room was great, the restaurant and bar was great and the executive lounge was fantastic! Highly recommend staying in a room where you can enjoy the executive lounge!  
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>3	4	5	5	5	1	2	-1	

<Author>Unhappy_with_sandals
<Content>Great staff and location Great location and staff! Hotel located near bus stops, Monorail station, good shopping, and terrific restaurants. Front desk staff helped us get checked in 7 hours early which was a huge relief after a 15 hour flight from the States. Then Jeremy, with the Concierge Desk, spent lots of time helping us book dinner and tour reservations. The bed was comfortable and the shower had good water pressure...we were very happy!  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>worldwidekaren
<Content>Good price for a city hotel This was a very reasonably priced and well located hotel, considering it's in one of the world's prime cities. We paid 拢320 for 5 nights in a comfortable room, with two double beds. My sister found hers so comfortable, she was tempted to stay there and leave seeing the Sydney Opera House for another day! It was possible to walk to Circular Quay and the said Opera House, and there were plenty of places in the area to pick up something to eat. Being a Rydges Priority Guest also brings the bonus of cheaper internet access.We enjoyed our stay here.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>chrissw
<Content>A decent hotel, but a little expensive I stayed here on business for just over a week. My first impressions were positive; I had just arrived in the early morning on a flight from London and I was very pleased that the checkin was so quick and painless.The room itself, while not particularly spacious, was quite comfortable and very clean. One wouldn't say that it was particularly opulent or outstandingly decorated but everything was in good condition and it was very easy to live with. There was a large LCD screen television as well, although the picture quality wasn't all that good. The bed was really very comfortable.The bathroom again was very clean and spacious, and everything worked well; I particularly liked the fact that there was a separate shower cubicle. The hotel provide toiletries on a daily basis which seemed to be of a good standard.The only thing which was slightly wrong with the room was that one of the catches on the window was slightly broken, meaning that the window let in a small amount of noise from the street. Being only two floors up from reception, and overlooking Pitt Street, there was sometimes a lot of noise outside. Besides that, the general colour scheme, particularly in the bathroom, looked a little bit tired.I used the hotel gym regularly. There is an adequate range of equipment, which, however, seemed to be little used by guests, so there was never any problem with using it.Breakfast was the only meal I took in the hotel. At weekends, this costs AU$18, which, I suppose, is a reasonable price for a capital city hotel, but this goes up to $32 for the full breakfast during the week, which to me seems like a lot. In any case, there is a good range of food available to suit most people. The only problem I had with breakfast was that it was sometimes difficult to get a first or second cup of coffee from the staff who walk the floor; they don't seem to notice some tables.Overall I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again, although if I was paying for it myself I would be tempted to find somewhere less expensive.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	5	5	3	4	

<Author>Karenstravels
<Content>Loved the bed but...... that is really the only complement I can give this hotel. It is no way a 4.5 to 5 star property. We booked an Executive King via their web site for 3 nights. Upon checking in I asked if I could upgrade this booking and was quoted 鈥渢hat we have been given a 1 bedroom king so I was very happy with this.....until we got to the room. It was just a standard king room. When I queried this with the manager on duty he refused to honour the room type that the check in girl quoted but offered to upgrade our breakfast to the buffet the next morning instead. That evening we went for a couple of drinks in the executive lounge. It is open for 1.5 but food went very quickly. On the second night when we went to the lounge and I was told that there was only 2 small bottles of Coke and the waiter was waiting for a bottle opener to be delivered. We waited 40 mins and still no opener so we went and got the one from our room so we and other guests could have our drinks opened. After my 2 glasses of Coke I was told I would need to choose something else (no offer to get more Coke).Then the next morning we arrived at the lounge for breakfast....... there was only 2 semi-clean tables, no cutlery, no food in the warmer and 1 slice of very dry white bread for toast. When I complained to the duty manager we were given vouchers for the buffet. The other issue that I could not get an answer for was why do the cleaning staff turn the air conditioning thermostat down to 5 degrees. Not pleasant when you have been out all day nor very environmentally friendly I must say that the location is OK and the beds are the best I have ever slept in, in a motel.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>Krissishi
<Content>Who gave this place 5 stars? We booked a mystery 5 star hotel through wotif for our stay in Sydney. We got this place. Upon arrival, my partner and I realised we had stayed in this joint before - but it used to be called something else.The lobby area is nice, the valet do their job, the reception area is SLOW and always seems to be busy or not have enough staff there.Between my friends and I we had 3 rooms. My husband and I were lucky to get the best room - we went and checked out the other two rooms and they were VERY average compared to ours - which was not that crash hot.The view from our room was not great - why put a window in if you are going to look out and see a brick wall? Also the furnishings are old fashioned.In our friends room their TV didnt work. It was also an OLD style TV - not what you would expect in Sydney for 5 star.Wouldnt recommend this place and I wont be staying again OR choosing any 5 star mystery deals on wotif again....although maybe thats the point of the mystery - trying to figure out how a hotel gets its stars...........  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	3	3	2	2	3	

<Author>Happy_Blot
<Content>Excellent value for money We stayed here for two nights to attend the Good Food and Wine Show at Darling Harbour. It was very convenient to walk to the event and we had the option of the monorail door to door. The room was clean, bed comfortable and as we had breakfast, late check out and parking included in the price as well as being able to use our Rydges Priority card - we found this hotel excellent value. The only things that were a bit disappointing was that the fridge and air conditioning were very noisy and you could hear movements and talk from the hall. Nothing from other rooms. Breakfast was excellent. Staff were helpful and I arrived at midday and was able to go directly to the room. For a Sydney Central Hotel - it is great!  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>OntarioJackson
<Content>Great Hotel! Rydges World Square Hotel in downtown Sydney was a wonderful, classy, comfortable hotel. The staff were excellent, the room well-appointed and it was located right downtown with many services nearby including a number of internet cafes so that you can catch up with happenings a world away.I would certainly recommend it.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CARRA23J
<Content>Whats the Problem? Great location Having read some of the reviews of this hotel on here we seriously considered cancelling our booking but in the end decided to go for it. Were glad we did, dont know what all the fuss is about. The hotel is brilliantly located just a short walk from darling harbour. An easy walk to central station and the museum station.The bar and restaurant are nice and rooms are spacious. The staff pleasent and helpful (allowing us to check in early which was really helpful as we'd had an overnight flight.There is a shopping centre under the hotel and loads of bars around. We enjoyed our stay here and would recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>mike080381
<Content>3 star hotel for 5 Star Cash! I booked the hotel at short notice, using a special offer on a well known website.The room was meant to be a superior King, in the Rydges World Tower, a downtown 5* Sydney hotel.The hotel itself is situated on top of a Shopping centre in Downtown Sydney, 5 mins walk from Darling Harbour, but much further from Circular Quay and the Opera house etc.It is situated on a main road, and we jumped out of our taxi in traffic, and rushed to the kerb. The Bellboy was excellent, immediately taking our baggage as we went up the escalator to reception - as there are several enterances to the hotel, each little more than a foyer off the street, then a floor up is reception, which is designed around a hiddeous cirular glass hole to let natural light into the building. The reception staff were exellent on check in - swiftly giving us a room on the 17th floor (4 floors above the ground floor???).The room itself was disappointing.By FAR the smallest 4* hotel room I've ever stayed in, let alone 5*. Our superior king room entitled us to a Balcony (about the size of the average bath), which had no been cleaned in many moons, with a stunning view of, well, the antrum of a shopping centre....The TV was flatscreen and nice, the fixtures and fittings were all of an adequate standard without ever really impressing, and the bed is fine, but not a patch on the Sheraton Sweet Sleepers.The Bathroom was a decent size, but looked at least 15 years old, with rust stains etc. The shower dripped, and leaked, giving the bathroom floor a damn good soaking, and the toilet flush seemed to be oddly devoid of water, flushing with about as much power as an asthmatic duck.Clean standard hotel towels were provided, again, about a 3* level, with no robes or slippers, or other 5* touches.The bedding was bizarre to be honest, with a sheet, a quilt (with no cover) on top of that, and then another sheet. (We were informed by housekeeping that this was normal,and they never use quilt covers - Hygeneic!They did give us a late checkout free of charge, if I agreed to join their loyalty scheme. I did do this, but on this experience, they will have to offer a HELL of a lot to get me to go back. Without a doubt, it is a clean, tidy, well located hotel. However, it has never seen a 5*, and the views are some of the worst I have ever encountered in any hotel!  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>samw951
<Content>Pefectly Good Hotel This is not a 5 Star, blow-your-hair-back hotel, but you'll be happy to have stayed here. The rooms are nice sized and modern (flat panel TVs as an example), and the staff is kind and helpful. We arrived in at the hotel at 11am (after a LONG flight from the US), and they were happy to let us check in. The location allows for easy walks all over the city, and the Central Train Station is about a 5 minute walk from the front door. In addition to being a good hotel, the price was entirely reasonable for a big city hotel.  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Sydney85
<Content>Not even close to being a 5 Star Hotel I booked and had confirmed a twin room for myself and elderly mum. 2 days before arriving, I checked the booking and they had changed it to a king bed room. I had to ring 3 times before they would change and confirm the room as a twin room. On getting to the hotel, the lobby was nice, but on our floor, it looked as though the sprinklers had gone off at some stage as the carpet was all water stained and not lying flat (which made it difficult with a wheel chair). I'm guessing all the floors were like that. On opening the room, there was a water stain at the door. The bathroom was quite a good size, but the rest of the room left alot to be desire. On there website there is a comment about their large rooms - this was not the case. They also mention about how comfortable their beds are. I'm sure it would have been softer if we had bricks to lie on. The room had a desk and chair and also a coffee table, but only one comfortable chair. Twin means 2 not 1. I would not stay there again.  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tanyatia
<Content>Great Location Stayed for two nights for business, this hotel is in a great location, close to Shopping  business district. Valet parking was easy  the hotel kept my car until the afternoon of the day I checked out so as I could attend a course close by, they also offered to store my luggage for the day. This was done at no extra charge which was great.Breakfasts were excellent with a wide variety of foods. Staff were helpful during the stay. There was only one thing that I was not happy with  this was the check in. I had organised web-check in  this was not ready when I arrived as they specify it will be. The person checking me in didn't tell me much at all just here is your room key.The room I had was a King room. It was spacious  had a small balcony. Clean tidy  bathroom had a bath  shower. Dream beds are the best beds ever.Would stay here again due to location  the beds.  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	2	4	-1	

<Author>EddieFGlasgow
<Content>Very happy with our choice Stayed here for a total of 6 nights in March and April 2008. Had been a little bit nervous given some of the feedback on here but made the booking on a basis of a number of stays with Rydges in London but have no regrets at all.Room was spacious and clean and the staff throughout the hotel were always helpful. The hotel is within easy walking distance of Darling Harbour, the Harbour Bridge and the Opera House and very close to Museum Station which gives access to Sydney's rail network.We made use of the (independant) shuttle service to the airport which was seemed good value at 12AUD.I would suggest that anyone who is considering using Rydges Hotels register with them via their website as this gives access to significant reductions on room rates as well as a 20% discount on food / drink in the hotel.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>traveltot
<Content>Not worth the money Spent two nights here, traveling alone with toddler, and the majority of the hotel staff certainly didn't make the experience any easier. To be fair, the concierge team was excellent, lending me a stroller as I hadn't expected to be spending any time in Sydney and suggesting toddler-friendly activities and eateries. The rest of the staff were experts at avoiding eye contact, particularly the duty manager who I wanted to give feedback to. The rooms were pleasant enough although attention to detail was lacking, particularly cleanliness - you spend much more time at floor-level with a toddler - and it wasn't nice. Overall, an expensive hotel with unfriendly and unhelpful staff and I wouldn't bother going back.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	3	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>Aussie_travelling
<Content>Excellent Choice My sister and I spent the past weekend at Rydges World Square. Got a great deal on the hotel website for an executive twin which included free canapes, drinks and continental breakfast in the Executive Lounge.Dinner in the hotel Avery's restaurant was excellent....while not a huge menu the food was cooked to perfection and not overly priced. The staff were efficient and friendly, which made for a great dining experience.Our king twin room was very clean, beds and pillows to die for! Check-in and out was extremely quick due to the very pleasant and efficient staff.Very central to all of Sydney's sights with the monorail right on the doorstep. Looking forward to returning soon.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TeBe
<Content>Happy with our stay at the rydges Stayed at this hotel in March 2008. We are from Perth and had a wedding to go to in Sydney. After reading the reviews on tripadvisor we were a bit worried but the hotel was fine. The room was very big and the bathroom was also very large with a separate bath and shower.The hotel is in an excellent location, you can walk to everything, shops, restaurants etc.The room was clean and had a large flat screen tv.My only complaint is that on the saturday they did not come to make up our room til around 2.30pm and we were just about to leave for the wedding. I asked if they could come back in about 15 mins and they said this is my last room to clean, i said just give us 10 mins and we will be gone. When we got back from the wedding the room was not made up. I was very disappointed and rang reception who brought us up some clean towels.However bed was unmade and bathroom not mopped etc.Despite my one complaint I was very happy with this hotel and would stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	2	-1	

<Author>HKAIR
<Content>Uncomfortable mattress, slippery floor in the bathroom We had a reservation with the Crowne Plaza Darling Harbour, but they were overbooked and the night manager told us that Crowne Plaza has arranged for us to stay in a nice five star hotel for the first night. So our luggage was transfered to Rydges and we stayed in room 1702. The hotel did not strike me as a five star one, but I guess the Crowne Plaza manager may misrepresented the details a bit. Rydges's 1702 room was a handicapped room and the bathroom was very poorly designed - the water did not drain properly and the tile floor was not cleaned after the last customers and it was very slippery, my husband almost fell twice and I actually had my flip flops on in the shower so I don't slip. The breakfast buffet was not good but the bellhops were very friendly and helpful. The room was clean, the mattress not so comfortable. I would not hurry back for the price.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>KeepTravelling76
<Content>wouldn't recommend ... I stayed here for business not being able to get into anywhere else downtown. Whilst the service was friendly enough, the rooms weren't that clean. The bathroom was like something out of a country motel and pretty grotty. The hotel smelt of smoke and I had a lovely view into the building next door. This hotel seems to rate itself as a 4 or 5 star hotel, but it's far from it. It is also not located in the best part of the city, although close to the train station if that's helpful to you. I won't be returning.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	2	1	2	2	1	

<Author>sergiohSing
<Content>Incredibly friendly staff I stayed in a family room for eight nights during New Year. The World Square more than met my expectations. Of course, if somebody paid a much higher rate and expected a full five-star hotel, he could be disappointed. I didn't expect it and was therefore very happy. The rooms are comfortable and clean, and the location is great; the monorail is not that important as it does not go to many places, but there are other subway stations not far from the hotel. There are some good breakfast places just downstairs if you don't want a full breakfast buffet, and many convenient stores open 24x7. There is a car rental agency in the building, very convenient if you want to go outside Sydney. We booked through the Rydges website and got very good rates (you have to become a Rydges member first to get the best deals, but it's simple). The catch is that it's good to return to the website again and again as sometimes prices go down; you have to re-book and cancel the original reservation.Finally, I have to comend the staff, specially the managers David and Maggie, that were very kind and helped through an issue with my rental car, not letting it impact my vacations. I wish all hotels had staff like that.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	5	4	

<Author>shandy40
<Content>Very happy with this hotel I was a little concerned about booking this hotel because of the very mixed reviews but the decision to go to Sydney was a last minute thing and because I definitely required three separate beds my options were very limited. I had also made a query re the website re transportation and had not received an answer prior to the morning of our leaving. However, just before heading off to the airport I received a phone call on my mobile from the manager who apologised for not having responded sooner. As I had booked through the Rydges worldwide site,my query had only been received by Rydges Sydney during the night. He was most helpful in answering my query on the phone and I am glad I took his advice.I booked a family room via they Rydges internet site a couple of days beforehand we left for a very reasonable rate. My understanding was that this gave us a master bedroom, a second room with two single beds and one shared bathroom.When we arrived mid-morning our room was not ready but that was fine. After all check in is not until 2pm. The staff took our luggage and we headed off to sightsee for the day. We didn't get back to the hotel again until late afternoon. When we finally got in to the room, we had been upgraded to a suite so had two very good size bedrooms, a sitting room and three bathrooms. It was all very nicely furnished and clean. The two main bathrooms were quite roomy, modern and clean. The third bathroom was rather smaller as it did not accommodate a bath as the other two did.On arriving we realized our luggage had not been brought up as promised, but a phone call to the desk saw it arrive within a couple of minutes.We found the staff to be helpful at all times. We didn't have a meal at the hotel so cannot comment on that.Don't expect any wonderful views but the location is within easy walking distance of central Sydney, but a decent stroll all the way down to Circular Quay - probably ,about 30 mins.I would certainly consider staying here again.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>globalgirlLondon
<Content>Dont book here!!!! We thought we were getting a good deal at this 5 star hotel - unfortunately I dont know where they get their star rating from. The room was FILTHY. We had to request to be moved to a new room. The second room was slightly better but there was a bloodstain on the bathroom door and my pillowcase had a dirty smear on it. We complained to the manager who told us that it is a lower standard 5 star!! He did give us a bottle of wine to pacify us but that did not change my impression of the place. Do not stay here!!!  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	2	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>ChrisGrr
<Content>Actually quite good. Having read the reviews, i was nervous about this hotel. We got it through the secret hotel deal on Lastminute.com.auWell, it was fine. Obviously it's not the best 5 star hotel in the world, but the room was tidy and the location is really great.We ordered room service one evening and it came quickly and was actually quite good value.If you need a base in Sydney, got for it, it's not as bad as some people say.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>kevinpng
<Content>Average Rydges World Sqaure fails to satisfy on a number of fronts. Yes, the hotel is in a good location but it does not conform to what one might expect given it has a five star rating. The room I was allocated was tired and in need of upgrade. The hotel is not sound proof, and noise from outside easily carries through even on the 20th floor. While I found staff to be pleasant, reception staff were very inpersonal. There is no welcome - they just simply get your name and check you in, which is fine. But the property does claim a 5 star rating and for that you would expect staff to take that extra step by being warm and welcoming on arrival. To be frank I would not stay at this property again. Sydney has an abundance of high quality hotels in the same price range.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	4	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>PJ26Sydney
<Content>Not A 5 Star Experience The room was adequate but nothing special, I read an article from about a year earlier saying the rooms were in the process of being upgraded with LCD TV etc however it seems to still be a work in progress. I came to the hotel expecting a 5 star establishment but it is FAR from what most would expect from a 5 star hotel.The breakfast was abyssmal, cold eggs and constantly short on most things.When I went to get my hot meal the Bacon, Hash Browns, Baked Beans had all run out. When my wife went up they had run out of Bread, Eggs and Sausages. However that didnt really matter because they had also run out of plates so even if they had the food she had nothing to eat it off.My wife had to ask 3 times for a coffee and it finally arrived 20 minutes after ordering. (But it did give time to wait for the other food to be replenished).And to top off a memorable morning some smart staff member topped up the juices the wrong way so we ended up with one juice quater orange and three quater pineapple and the other quarter pineapple and three quarter orange. Not a nice mix.After our terrble breakfast it was check out time. We then handed our valet parking ticket to the desk we were told it would be about 5 minutes and waited by the street for our car.30 minutes later the car hadn't arrived I went inside to enquire, I was then asked Are these your keys. Yes i responded.I was then asked to present the receipt for where I had paid, which i did.I was then told OK i have found the payment on the system now, i couldnt see it before.I then asked We have been standing just out that door for over half an hour, why couldn't someone have let me know in the last half hour that I was waiting for no reason and you couldn't find the payment. I received no response.Overall the things that were bad were not extremely major (although the valet did make us late where we were going)However to claim this is a 5 star hotel is VERY misleading.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	2	3	3	1	-1	

<Author>Rikkimca
<Content>Great value Hotel Was a bit worried about my booking this hotel after I read some reviews here, however we must be staying in a different hotel because I found this hotel more than adequate and at the price I paid (AU$150 - mystery hotel, Lastminute.com) was a bargain.Have nothing negative to say about my stay apart from 1 thing only - they really need to have more choices of tv channels from Foxtel and some info in the hotel room information booklet about the Tv channels available; especially helpful for overseas visitors who aren't familiar with our stations.However, all in all a pleasant stay in a decent room and a comfortable bed and pillows (which are No1 in importance for me).The room was well kept and well cleaned, as was the bathroom.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>BCAdelaide
<Content>Definitely not a 5 star, more like 2 star There are a lot of good hotels in Sydney, this is not one of them.- Shower only boiling hot water, mixer broken.- Toilet wouldn't flush, had to get in maintenance for this one.- Minibar had nothing in it.- Poor lighting.- Messed up booking, and it was the hotel, no-one else. They were phoned to confirm and still messed it up.- food - average.- poor service (too many incidents to list) from reception to housekeeping. Beware - stay away. As I said above, there are a lot of good hotels in Sydney, so stay somewhere else.Whoever gives out the stars really need to take a good look at this hotel as it is nowhere near a 5 start hotel.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	3	1	1	1	

<Author>CanberraTravelBug
<Content>Absolutely Fantastic - finally have found our Sydney Hotel We stayed at Rydges World Square for one night during a quick trip to Sydney. It was fantastic, and I think we've finally found a Sydney hotel for our regular stays.Check in was smooth and friendly, the room spotless and quiet, the bed heaven, the bath products really nice, and best of all the location is fabulous - right in the World Square shopping area in Chinatown. It's a short stroll to the best yum cha in Australia.I'm a hyper fussy customer, and can't recommend this enough.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>miaow_girl
<Content>Fabulous Hotel! I recently stayed at this hotel with absolute apprehension after reading the bad reviews about this hotel. I was expecting the worse when I chose to stay as at this hotel as part as a mystery deal.To my surprise I had a great stay. The hotel staff were very polite and accomodated all my needs. Their staff were friendly and courteous. I stayed on the 16th floor. The room I stayed in was so gorgeous. The twin double beds were so plush and comfortable. The room was clean and presentable. A lot more nicer than I had imagined. The beds were amazing, I had wished I didn't have to leave. The room was so quiet and comfortable. I didn't even hear any noise to the point that I slept into 11am. I actually rate this hotel higher than many other 5 star hotels such as the Amora Jamieson. Joining The Rydges Priority Guest club was awesome as I had a late check out of 1pm.My only complaint was that for some reason our door keys didn't work when we returned from breakfast, but the staff member quickly rectified this problem.Overall I had a great stay and I hope to return soon.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>CarlosPerth
<Content>Excellent week at the Rydges Sydney World Square A few hectic months have passed since my relocation interstate but I would like to take this oppurtinity to thank the Rydges Sydney World Square for a fantastic week before my move from Sydney. My room was clean and comfortable, the staff were extremely friendly and helpfull and the hotel is in a great location in the Chinatown area close to great resteraunts and bars.I am returning to Sydney in December for a visit and had no hesitation booking the Rydges World Square again.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>FrequentFlyers2007
<Content>Failed to impress       Rydges World Square Lobby Toilets - First impression: Low priority to cleanliness  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	4	3	2	3	4	

<Author>VoyagerRTW
<Content>The rooms need a makeover I have been staying at this hotel since 2002, at least twice a year. Somewhere along the line the standards started slipping - most obviously in the bedrooms. On the first occasion the mattress was so out of shape that I was actually poked by springs 鈥?I complained and was moved to another room. When it happened a second time, during another stay, I was flabbergasted. I knew that complaining about it would not help, due to the fact that virtually all hotel rooms in the city was full, because of special events e.g. Ashes Cricket, etc. The bed was in fact so uncomfortable that I slept on the floor when my back could not take it any more. In contrast with other world-class 4-and 5* hotels, the 鈥渙ld鈥?television sets with limited channels remain in the bedrooms and it doesn鈥檛 look as if there are plans to replace them with plasma, LCD or even good quality flat screen TV sets.Since my last stay at this hotel, I have since switched over to the Swiss么tel Sydney. I will not return until Rydges have sorted out the mess the previous management and owners created at the once wonderful Avillion hotel.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	4	2	4	3	2	

<Author>Dougeli
<Content>Definitely not a 5 star We stayed overnight back in August, the hotel is in an excellent location for business or shopping. Room was quiet and fairly clean (carpets could do with a steam clean) but overall it was small and dull. King sized bed was 2 singles pushed together and furnishings were very basic. Definitely not a 5 star hotel, more like a 3.5 - 4 star. Room was not too pricey but parking was $35 per night.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>jhuang
<Content>Nice hotel in a great location Stayed at Rydges World Square from 5 - 7 September during the APEC conference in Sydney. Was not affected at all by this. After reading mostly bad reviews about the hotel here after I booked it, I was quite worried. These worries were unfounded as Rydges has obviously updated it since the other reviews were published. The hotel lobby area is in great shape and the room we had (two single beds) was in good condition, quite small, but the bathroom was nice and clean.Staff were a little lacklustre - some were better than others - but they were always polite. There's quite a distance between Reception and Concierge and this is quite annoying - but I found the Concierge staff were always more friendly and helpful than the reception staff. We asked for a newspaper during our stay and only received it on one of the mornings. Location of the hotel is good if you want to be around Darling Harbour - and only a few blocks walk away from the main CBD. Overall a solid hotel - we certainly enjoyed our stay and will be staying there again if we get the chance.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	2	4	4	

<Author>M2008
<Content>Dirty Carpet  Booked a 1 night stay thru Secret Hotel and was given a mystery room, Definitely not a 5 star hotel because the furnishing is not very new. Found hairs, bit of food and nail clippings on the carpet. Not enough lighting in the room, only one at the entrance and one table lamp. The bathroom seemed to be brighter than the room! The tiles in the shower room were mouldy too. The only nice thing is the receptionist allowed us to check in early at 10.00 am.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cessnaWashington
<Content>Great hotel. Minor flaws I just returned from a long three weeks touring Australia. Having never been there I decided to go with a travel expert. She gave me a few hotels to choose from and I chose the Rydges World Square in Sydney for the location, but got a lot more.The location is in the heart of the CBD and has connections to just about anywhere you wanted to go. The front desk people were very professional and accomodating. Especially since I arrived in Sydney at 7:30 am only to find (understandably) that my reserved King room was not ready. I was SO tired that I asked the nice man behind the desk if I could upgrade to a suite for a few nights. He found me a suite but that room was not ready also. Later on we found out that the whole city was sold out because of a big concert, a few major rugby games plus it was student holiday! It was remarkable that they even found me a room. I checked my bags with conceirge and left for only one hour. I came back to find my bags checked into my room and was ready to go! The suites are beautiful except for the room I got has two bathrooms, which is great except the first one by the front door smelled SO badly that I had to close the door and not use it. It smelled like sewage. I don't know what the problem was but I was not going to complain, since there were no other rooms for me to go into. With your executive suite, you also get access to an executive lounge which twice a day would offer a complimentary breakfast and in the evening a happy hour with wine/beer and appetizers. It had to be the best deal in town. The food was excellent and the lounge was peaceful and quiet. Even when they were not open officially for happy hour, you were allowed to go into the room, with your hotel room key and they would leave snacks out for you, like cookies or fruit.That was a highlight of extra customer service and for a room that was not that much more.The only problem we had was one night there were loud kids at the dance bar across street that kept us up until 4 am. That was the only complaint. If you book a room ask for a room on the higher level floor. You won't hear so much street noise.I'd stay there again. WE were able to walk everywhere plus there is a shopping mall on a lower level right under the hotel. It has a small grocery store and liquor store, plus a japanese market and food booths if you didn't feel like going out.I would like to see Sydney in their summer next time.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FreqBusTraveller88
<Content>Noisy and Basic I have stayed at this Rydges (previously Avillion) four times. The first 2 times I was in a small, basic room (for close to $AU200 per night) near noisy airconditioning machinery and I got some sleep.When I made my third reservation, I asked for a room away from the very noisy adjoining streets, and got a room on a noisy street opposite what sounded like an Irish pub. I was then moved to another room and this was above the railway station so it sounded like trains were rumbling through my room all through the night and I got very little sleep which does not help when one has a fullon business day the next day. On the morning f my second night of the stay, I spoke with the polite Duty Manager and was moved to a quiet room and had a great sleep.I booked into the hotel again (silly me you may say but the location is very convenient) and again asked for a quiet room. Guess what - I went through the exactly the same reservation and checkin process as above, even meeting with the same Duty Manager on day 2. Nothing had changedIn addition to this, the bathrooms were basic. On 1 stay the showerhead was broken; on subsequent stays there were empty boxes, 2 of one product and none of another, no towel for the floor etc. The room service food, too, is horrible - don't order expensive room service.This is a noisy, expensive, basic hotel and my star rating for it would be 2 or 3 stars. I also get the impression that they do not listen to their customers and don't really care.I am booked to go to Sydney at the end of August and have booked into the Meriton Apartments near by.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>2	1	2	5	3	2	4	-1	

<Author>Britboyscott
<Content>Bad Experience I had used the Avillion to house myself and company staff (I buy about 5,000 room nights a year), so was happy to take my mother along for a stay on her way overseas.The room we were allocated was unlike any I had stayed in previously. Extremely small, dirty carpets, torn curtain, dusty with drainage problems.Here is an example of how important the front staff are to a hotel - when I called to see if there may a room in line with others I had stayed in on many occassions, the front desk member insisted that all rooms were the same size. I drew to his attention the fllorplan on the back of the door, but he insisted I had not stayed in premier room but a suite (I stay in hotels at least 8 months a year so know the difference).I did receive a call from the Rooms Division Manager who was very upset about it. I did say I would call next time I stayed which I haven't doneUnfortunately as we were trying to sleep, at about 1am there was screaming outside the door by a drunk guest, then a 15 minute struggle with the police resulting in a very disturbed sleep. A cold, substandard breakfast followed the next morning.I detailed this in a hotel survey, but have not received a response. I think the Rooms Division Manager should perhaps become the GM!I have stayed for one night since in a better room, but noticed again stained carpets.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	1	3	2	3	

<Author>bartybart8888
<Content>This hotel needs to make an effort... This is not a 5 star hotel. Needs refurbishement and staff need to be trained. Did not provide morning newspaper when asked 3 days in a row. Cleaning staff still knock on the door when the DND sign is out... Floors water stained on some floors. Tired, boring, 3 star hotel but well located.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	4	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>neil6150
<Content>amazin location, amazing staff but wrong managment and planning i stayed with my family for 7 days at the rydges .. we had the family room which is two rooms and a bathroom, it was nice and clean .. avrage room nothin really spicial. the staff were soo nice and helpful, but there were alot of mistakes we've had, first of all the room service once entered the room without knockin the door which was soo weird i mean even 1 star hotel wouldnt do that , and then when i asked for room service they didnt really clean the room .. like they only cleaned the floor and changed the main bed's sheets ,, but they didnt do the other room , i think rydges got amazing location but they need new ideas to make the hotel more intersting and also to care about the littel stuff that makes people happy because really even littel things matter when it comes to customers and the hotels .. i would stay again at the rydges.Thank youNeil George  
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	2	2	4	1	

<Author>JuliaNewZealand
<Content>Very disappointed We booked this hotel off the Wotif site as a mystery 5 star hotel- we knew it was a bargain for 5 stars but sadly it is nothing like a 5 star hotel. I suggest they call it a 3 star hotel.The staff were great , the service was superb, but the rooms and fittings were very average. It was clean enough but not spotless, the bathrooms could do with a good scrub.We did have a problem in the first room we were put into with the air conditioning noise and the duty manager dealt with that very promptly and willingly. The second room was much larger, cleaner, and more modern fittings but would still not be rated as a 5 star hotel. Location was handy to Darling Harbour and Central city.I would not stay there again and would probably not at Rydges again as I think they were dishonest with their marketing.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	3	4	3	

<Author>Mishybelle14
<Content>Nice - not 5-star   showReview(8081159, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>AvidTraveller90
<Content>A huge letdown   showReview(8075785, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	1	3	4	4	3	

<Author>dctrips
<Content>Sydney's best kept secret hotel!   showReview(8016764, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>krazy1
<Content>Good hotel, good location, but not 5 star   showReview(7414730, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 22, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	2	3	3	

<Author>mrae
<Content>Stay was good, not the best in Sydney   showReview(7389382, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 18, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bien situ茅   showReview(14728032, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绔嬪湴鏉′欢銈傞儴灞嬨倐鏈€楂?..   showReview(21800256, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 7, 2005
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉儙銉兗銉伄椐呫亴鐩淬亹...   showReview(19928858, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 10, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍊ゆ銇壊銇伅銇亱銇亱...   showReview(19924310, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 19, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>纰恒亱銇瀹ゃ伄銉曘儹銈伅...   showReview(19924188, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 15, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>璞彲銇綔銈娿倰鎰熴仒銈嬨儧...   showReview(19920697, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈枫儔銉嬨兗銇涓伀銇傘倞...   showReview(19919503, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 6, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉涖儐銉伄姒傝Τ銇偑銉曘偅...   showReview(19919439, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 2, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇仒銈併伄鍗拌薄銉汇兓銉诲ぇ...   showReview(19918163, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 9, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

