<Author>blur_bear
<Content>The pictures do not lie :) Alila Ubud was truly lovely!!! Two old friends (much like the vintage wine we brought along to drink) opted for the Alila promotion for two nights each at Alila Ubud and Alila Manggis. We were not disappointed and enjoyed our stay immensely at the Alila Ubud tremendously despite the damp weather that made its appearance during the afternoons. These are the points that i had noted : ) Service -- Due to some immigration issues on my end, we had to take the later flight. Alila duly noted our delayed arrival and made adjustments to our complimentary massage appointments and also confirmed our Mozaic reservation on our behalf. Generally, service was attentive although the staff could have offered more suggestions on Ubud activities and improved their walking maps which were abit confusing. On balance, I enjoyed the Alila Manggis service slightly better because they had applied our Pleasures Menu selections in terms of room amenities. Room -- The rooms were not terribly spacious (i.e. with no room for a day bed or comfy chairs) but it didn't bother me much because it was nice waking up to the view of jungle etc. I was especially pleased with the outdoor shower with its rainforest ambience -- pure relaxation!!! I thought the lack of a TV would bug me but it was a nice change not to have the constant TV buzz especially when you are in the company of a good book. I also liked the thoughtfulness of the amenities which included an adaptor, insect repellant, beach bag etc. Pool -- AMAZING!!! ALL THE ACCOLADES ARE ALL DESERVING!!! I wished we had spent more time at the pool... The views overlooking the Valley surrounding the Alila were inspiring!!! Massage -- The hot stones massage is rather relaxing especially on a damp afternoon with the drizzling rain in the background : ) Restaurant -- The ala carte breakfast was sufficiently yummy and i think the western selection was slightly better -- In particular, i had the funky papaya with yoghurt and toasted coconut -- weird but nice!!! Suggestions -- More shuttle services so that guests could nip out to Ubud for an early-ish dinner, and also more stop and pick-up points e.g. (a) Dirty Duck, (b) Ibu Oka, and (c) Neka Museum which is opposite Naughty Nuri's!!!ALL IN ALL, A WONDERFUL HOLIDAY!!! KEEP UP THE GREAT WORK!!!  
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>MaryHongKong
<Content>Double bookings - dumped at another hotel I was reading the reviews since we are visiting Bali again next year for our wedding and was considering whether to book the Alila Ubud for some relatives to stay. It seems a nice place. My cautious approach comes from the fact that me and my boyfriend booked last year (summer '07) and arrived, only to be told upon arrival that there were double bookings and we could not stay.If only they had the decency to contact us prior to our arrival (they must have known this, because they were preparing for a wedding party - we could see that!), then we would not have bothered travelling from Seminyak to Ubud and extended our stay in Seminyak.They offered us an 'upgrade' to another resort to a private pool villa, and being a bit overthrown, we cared to take a look but the room was hideous, outdated and the resort in the process of being renovated. If they compare themselves that standard they were offering instead, then Allila can't think they are good themselves. We were literally dropped off at this other resort, because the driver from Alila did not wait for us to check that we were ok. We tried to call the Alila various times after deciding we did not want to stay in this other resort, but we never got any phonecall back to help to sort us out, or offering us a taxi ride to where we wanted to go or to ask whether the other resort was satisfactory.Needless to say that, despite the Alila looking beautiful, especially the pool, we did not keep the Alila Ubud on the list as a potential location for our own wedding.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>1	3	-1	-1	-1	1	1	-1	

<Author>Katstill
<Content>Beautiful, unique hotel       gorgeous infinity pool  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Wannabe_GlobeTrekker
<Content>Simply memorable, couldnt have asked for better We had the pleasure and blessing to have our wedding here at Alila. Let me just say that planning a wedding has never been easier. (Not that i've had one before!)The staff here was fantastic, and couldnt help notice the number of smiling faces everywhere on the resort. The grounds were so well kept and the entire resort was so QUIET! It was such a welcomed change from the hussle and bustle of Kuta. We were fortunate enough to be upgraded to the Ayung river Villa which was phenomenal. I cannot begin to describe this room, or should i say mansion. King bed, balcony with sweeping views, stone bath in the middle of a lotus pond INSIDE your room, His and Her's vanity, rainforest shower, Bose ipod dock.... the list goes on.It was such a beautiful place and a real pleasure to get married here, and to be able to stay here a few nights just topped it off beautifully. It was so tranquil and calm and peaceful, We just loved it. But be warned, in the interest of tranquility, there is no TV. (Which is exactly what we loved about this place.)  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>OldishOne
<Content>Over rated, over priced There were numerous disappointments with this hotel, we were not allocated the upgrade we had been promised, there wasn't even a balcony (although clearly stated in the literature that there is) which we utilise regularly on our hotel stays. We were very disappointed with the basic facilities that are masked by the term boutique. We were also allocated two complimentary 90 min spa treatment, if only there had been space for bookings at the spa (over a three day period). Also after two days of having a menu for breakfast with table service (which we have paid for) on the third morning we were expected to dine buffet style with the type of offerings you would expect in a two star, why? because they were catering for a group, well that's okay then.The hotel is also a good fifteen minute ride away from the centre of Ubud, which made it difficult to pop out for lunch or a sundowner. Which given the cost of the food and drink as two or three times the price of comparable food, drink and service elsewhere made leaving the hotel very desirable (and is the norm for us).There are some fabulous hotels in the Ubud area, closer to the local amenities with better facilities and views, I wish I had done my homework!  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	1	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>Apernia
<Content>Balinese luxury       pool  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>DeeSta
<Content>Tranquility We stayed here for 5 nights in Sept08 - the last leg of our honeymoon. At first I was a bit disconcerted at no TV in the room and at how remote it felt, but it really worked out to be a fabulous stay. The stay were really courteous and helpful. The room was great, it's not huge, but the outdoor shower is a real novelty and contrary to previous reviews is not overlooked (would take acrobatic effort!) The turn down service includes candle on balcony and mosquito coil being lit. The cosmetics included are lovely. There are quite a lot of steps in the property so it's not for those of limited movement. The pool looks fab and they have extra comfy sunbeds laid out on the grass when the deckchairs are full so don't be too concerned about that. You also get complimentary drink and snacks by the pool in the afternoon. There's free internet access and a big satellite tv in the library. We were extremely well treated with upgrades and free meals/treatments etc. The spa is also lovely and would recommend the balinese massage as it put me to sleep! Fabulous!The prices they charge for drivers and taxis are more expensive than you'll find from Ubud so I'd recommend going down there and negotiate with a local driver to look after you for the duration of your stay. We got one guy to take us around all the sights for a full day for 500,000RP. Ubud has some great restaurants which are to be recommended - specifically Lotus Cafe, Indus and Jazz Cafe were nice. The restaurant in Alila is lovely and would recommend eating there at least one night.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>zaphod49
<Content>Chill out hotel My wife and I spent 3 nights at the Alila for our Silver Wedding Anniversary and could not fault it! The hotel and staff were excellent and made the stay thoroughly enjoyable. The hotel is set amongst lush vegetation overlooking rice paddy fields and is a very peaceful and tranquil setting. And the pool!! - well that was fantastic!! The food was excellent and is a bit pricier than the hotels in Sanur - however that is to be expected from a 5* hotel. We loved the outside showers especially the little extra touches such as shampoo and body lotions in quaint terracotta pots. Also a revelation to watch the local monkeys outside your front garden. Definitely an hotel we will be returning to although this time we will book for longer.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>FruitaTraveler
<Content>Loved the Alilia My husband and I began our 2008 Bali vacation with a stay at the Alila in Ubud. From the moment they picked us up at the airport we were treated as royalty. The room was beautiful, and the outdoor shower devine. We loved the entire experience. Being away from town was perfect for us, and the restaurant was so good we really didn't want to eat in Ubud, though we did. Even the recommended walk through the Alila and surrounding area was enjoyable. I would love to return in the near future.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>ShropshireHelly
<Content>My favourite place on earth so far       wild monkeys on the balcony  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>airmokeski
<Content>Wonderful stay at the Alila My girlfriend and I just spent 4 nights at the Alila and we didn't want to leave. It is unfortunate that KK7033 had a bad experience, but we found the service to be excellent and in keeping with the high standards expected at high-end Balinese resorts (we also stayed at the Amankila this trip).I can't comment on the standard rooms, as we were upgraded to a beautiful river villa. While the villa we stayed in was likely a few years old, it was in very good shape. As for insects, I suppose a few may sneak in given the location of the resort - on a lush hillside. We aren't exactly hardy outdoorsmen and we hardly noticed. Besides, our room was impeccably cleaned every time we left throughout the day. There are also geckos and monkeys (macaques). We were lucky enough to watch a family of monkeys from our verandah for half an hour one morning.Overall, a wonderful resort in a secluded location a short drive away from the main touristy areas of Ubud.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>KK7033
<Content>Move out right away after 1st night A place of bad service  hygiene. Terrible spa service  terrible room (smell bad, little insects everywhere, A/C did not work) My husband fell on the floor in the spa room becos it was slippy. Lots of noise from the car park next to the spa room.We requested to move out after the 1st night as we could not get to sleep at all (becos of the not working A/C and little insects).Before going to Ubud, I stayed at Bulgari for 3 nights. Though I paid 3 times more the price than Alila's, I think Bulgari is 10 times better than Alila. I will never go to any Alila hotel becos' of this horrible experience.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	3	1	2	

<Author>hi3655
<Content>Breath Deep and Release       the room  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>pmetka
<Content>one of the best hotel in UBUD brilliant hotel ! swimming pool is amazing service is perfect view is amazing ENJOY!!!1 tip , book at restaurant the mozaique , very good gastronomic  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Travler2006
<Content>Secret hideaway We stayed here for 5 nights on a 10 night trip to Bali. The hotel is so amaxing! Hiden away on the edge of what can only be described as a jungle ridge.Each room is like a seperate villa, either ground or 2nd floor with own terrace. The bathrooms are ourside and there is nothing nicer that 1st thing in the walking out to your garden and getting in the shower!There is one main restaurant which is an open (unwalled) area with a roof - this is were breakfast and dinner is served. You are in the middle of nature, the monkey come for breakfast to!The pool - this is amazing, it is an infinity pool finishing at the end of the ridge - voted one of the best pools in the world.The hotel also has an amazing spa - we couldnt get enough make sure you have a couple massage - very romanticThis hotel is perfect for a fews days away from the hussle and bussle - as great as it is 2 weeks here would be to much as there is nothing to do - the drive was is a 5 minute drive and the hotel is in the middle of nowwhere - this is not a negative as we had flown in from 2 days in Hong Kong and on our honeymoon so ready to spend soem time together. it only has 40 rooms to so not many other guest - again perfect for us  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Seggiesmoggie
<Content>Hated Alila Check-in was slow . View not fantastic. Room very small for a deluxe. The bathroom was tiny with shower but no bath. One of the pairs of house slippers had definitely been used by some previous occupants. The sheets were stained, the bed uncomfortable so little sleep was had during the first night. We requested and got two extra pillows which did make it more comfortable. The fridge did not work properly during our stay despite it being reported as faulty. The Spa treatments and staff were very good but marred by the noise from the front of the hotel which is where it is situated, so serenity and tranquility not achievable. Food pretty good if limited choice. Service not at all good at breakfast, sometimes tea in a pot and only once salt and pepper. The staff as individuals are all very courteous, but they do not appear to work as a team. The noise from the tree felling is continuous throughout the day. The hotel and grounds are uncared for and a bit dirty. Debris from drinks being left in the gardens etc. Not a good place to stay in Ubud.... there are far nicer places!  
<Date>May 3, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	2	1	3	1	1	

<Author>Yamazanmai
<Content>Surprisingly average The Alila Ubud's tag line Surprisingly different... cleverly fails to describe what difference is in store to surprise its guests. Coming from a wonderful two nights at Uma Ubud, Alila's remote location (a 15 minute drive north of Ubud centre) and uninspiring atmosphere felt like an nasty glitch on the travel plan.The grand infinity pool is the only real gem in the resort: the villas are old and tired and the paths and walls are in desperate need of maintenance. One member of staff even confided that working at Alila was difficult [because] the different pay scales for management makes everyone unhappy. Certainly, the service I encountered was well below par.The restaurant is OK although the choices were running out within a day or two. The complimentary afternoon tea is a great service but 30 minutes into the 15:00 - 17:00 slot you will be lucky to find anything left. If you are looking for a remote break and don't mind being a long way from the centre of Ubud, this place may suit your desires. If you wish for more freedom than the four free shuttle buses offer then I would suggest staying somewhere else. In brief, the only surprisingly different thing about the Alila is the price tag in comparison to much nicer places nearer town offering a much better service.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	2	4	4	2	3	

<Author>jcjchung
<Content>Nice Hotel But Not Amazing I visited the Alila Ubud and had a nice stay. The hotel felt eco and organic.I had high expections on the Alila as previous reviews boast about its scenery and its mangnificant pool. However, the hotel did not give me the 'WOW' factor. In summary:The rooms are on the small side. The view wasn't really that amazing. The pool was nice but I was expecting it to be hanging on the edge of the cliff but this was not the case. I personally would not rate it as the top 10 pools in my world.The food at the restaurant was good but it was a little pricey. They boast all ingredients are organic. They can deliver breakfast to your room and you can eat it on your balcony. Highly recommend this.On the last night, we left some chocolate out next to our bed and in the morning, it was swamped with ants. We didnt care as we were checking out that morning. There were plenty of pool deck chairs for everyone during my stay. The turndown service every night was one of the best with different surprises everynight.I recommend you having your own driver as the property is a 15min drive from the town centre. (which i liked)The SPA was professional and staff were well trained.Though the hotel did not deliver the WOW factor I was expecting. Overall, I had a nice stay at the hotel and I would recommend others to the hotel.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	5	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>AnndeeCapeTown
<Content>Heaven on earth The Alila in Ubud is absolutely breathtaking! We spend 4 days of our honeymoon at the hotel and we LOVED it! It is probable the most idyllic place on earth - very romantic, beautiful surroundings, stunning food and pool, fantastic rooms and great service. The spa is an absolute joy - a bit pricey but worth every cent!  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mango78
<Content>Built for Romance       Villa room  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>sedm
<Content>Loved the resort       Swimming pool central piece  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>darlingisland2009
<Content>Beautiful property; great service       Pool side  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	2	

<Author>Navigator101
<Content>Top Hotel Just Beware of Booking through Magic of the Orient We stayed at the Alila Ubud and had a fantastic time. The location was stunning- on a cliff-top overlooking the valley, the staff were fantastically accomodating and friendly, the food was all fresh and healthy and they organise plenty of activities if you want to drag yourself away from the infinity pool.Our only dissapointment was with our tour opperator, Magic of the Orient, who misrepresented what was included and tried to sneak in extra charges each step of the way. Far from taking the hassel out of organising the trip they compicated it unnecessarily.Would definately recommend staying at the Alila Ubud, just save yourself some grief and use a decent tour operator.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>WildeOne
<Content>Nothing special We stayed at the Alila for the last 5 days of our honeymoon and while there was nothing wrong, we didn't feel there was anything special about the place. There was just no comparison with our first hotel, the Samaya in Seminyak.We stayed in a ground floor room with outdoor shower. The room was very tastefully decorated but was quite small and the bathroom felt very cramped. At the Samaya in Seminyak we had a private pools in the garden of our huge villa (the bathroom there was the size of the whole room at the Alila) so we were used to having more space. You could also hear people in the rooms above and to the side so felt less private and intimate.The setting is beautiful and the views amazing but the public areas are too small. There were not nearly enough sunbeds by the pool, one afternoon I saw an elderly couple being shown to two mats laid on the concrete as there were no sunbeds available! We were quite lucky and always managed to get beds.Everything you would expect was there, complimentary drinks by the pool, afternoon tea, nightly turndown, well appointed rooms and the service was generally very good if a little slow and lacking the refinement we'd found in Seminyak.We had our own car, which was really useful as the hotel is about 15 minutes out of town and the free shuttle only runs during the day. We loved Ubud and ate in some lovely restaurants, our favourite was Nomad, on the main road. We used the hotel as a base for exploring the area which worked well.We ate at the hotel twice. Once was a special Seafood BBQ, which was gorgeous and on the other occasion we booked a romantic dinner which was served in a candle lit open sided pavillion down by the river. That was pure heaven and we would thoroughly recommend it. It was so private and secluded, perfect for the last night of our honeymoon. We couldn't fault the food.Overall we enjoyed our stay at the Alila and it had everything you would expect from a top class hotel. However it felt small and lacked the refinement of our previous hotel. I lost track of the times we said 'it's not like the Samaya'. If we went back to Ubud we would probably stay somewhere else, the Alila didn't wow us enough for a return visit.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>Travellingman069
<Content>99 Percent Stayed at the Alila for seven nights in September. On arrival we were upgraded to one of the Garden Villas. This was situated in its own walled garden with water on 2 sides and a bath leading from the bathroom, surrounded by water. The location of the hotel is very spectacular surrounded by rice terraces and overlooking a river gorge. The staff are very attentive and the service was very good.If you have time take the morning trek with lunch. You will go out with a guide and experience the countryside at close quarters. The lunch is taken on the rice terraces and staff come from the hotel to prepare it for you.One word of warning our party occupied 2 rooms and both rooms had small items disappear from them during our stay. These were not of a great monitory value, but spoilt what was overall a very good experience. With this in mind, it may sway us from visiting this property again, which is a great shame as otherwise our experience was faultless.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>kingfisher
<Content>Luxury Alila UbudStayed here for 2 nights, as our friends were having a wedding here.Ubud, located near the centre of Bali is 1-1.5 hrs drive from the international airport. There is a small town centre nearby with some restaurants, market and monkey forest.Hotel: This is located 10 minutes from the town centre, located near the Ayung river and amongst rainforest and rice fields. Very beautifulRoom: We chose a Superior room. Each building contains 4 rooms. Two deluxe rooms on the ground floor and two superior rooms on the top floor. There is also a small number of villas. The superior room differs to the deluxe room, having no outdoor shower and no garden/patio. The superior was beautiful inside. High thatched ceiling, with a large king sized bed and the white pillows and linen. Extremely smooth comforytabble. A desk is provided. Large cupboard containing an electronic safe. Opening the large glass doors opened up to a balcony with an ottoman, 2 tables and a chair. The room was very tastefully decorated, very clean maintained in excellent condition. Turned down daily and they light a candle and mosquito coil outside on the patio. Air conditioner is strong. Complimentary bottle water is provided in bathroom and main room.Bathroom: modernly decorated, with large shower. The water hot, but pressure poor. Toilietries provided ( unclear what brand), and high quality towels.Pool: has an infinity pool, considered to be in the Top 50 pools in the world. 25m long, and has stunning views of the forest. Lots of deck chairs and complimentary refreshments provided. Clean.Library room: contains two internet terminals- free use, and books, chess, board games.Staff: very friendly, always greeted with smiles at reception to the pool to the restaurant. Apart from lying in the pool, there is a spa ( didnot try), and other activies (cycling). Hotel taxi service available which is the only way to get around from the hotel. A walking/cycling map is provided where you can do you own walking trip around Alila nearby temples and villages, but would recommend to avoid this as there are stray/wild dogs roaming around.Breakfast: We only had breakfast there (included). Excellent - al carte menu (but can order as much as you need). A mix of standard eggs/bacon/toast to indonesians dishes and congee. Also fruits and different types of freshly squeezed juices. Cant comment on the restaurant food during lunch or dinner, but as a surrogate, the restaurant did cook for the wedding reception dinner - a buffest of indonesian food, and there barbeque foods were delicious.Overall: Would recommend this place, if looking for a very romantic getaway or a quiet escape. We paid US$180 per night for two ( including breakfast ). There is not much around, and takes at least an 1hr to get to tourist spots (ie Kuta), so this is a place ideally to unwind and relax.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mattshelley
<Content>Perfect Well i thought it was amazing...Very friendly staff always smiling, ever helpful, couldn't do enough for you. Our check in was flawless despite arriving at 1amfood was some of the best weve ever had at a hotel. Yes there are equally good restaurants in Ubud for less money, but hotels charge more the world over.Setting is spectacular. I thought a lack of tv was a good idea - it added to the feeling of seclusion, and the ipod was a nice touchoverall the nicest 5 days we had on our honeymoon  
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>macari
<Content>beautiul views Alila is a beautiful hotel and was a welcome break from the larger hotels we had been staying in. It was the most expensive hotel we stayed in and I am not 100% sure that it rated any better than the other hotels we stayed in. We were slightly upset that when we were checking in a couple were complaining about the bill. Over our two day stay we overheard six heated complaints from guests! The complaints were mostly about the service from younger junior members of staff. However, I do think you have to bare in mind that the Alila has an honourable policy of employing locals, who are from rural Bali. So bearing all that in mind I believe that the poor service is due to the poor training.Nobody will bother you in the Alila and is a welcome break from the more commerical hotels, and you will feel like you are experiencing the real Bali. The food is expensive probably because they dont have any competition, but is worth it , as it a lavish meal.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	5	5	4	3	5	

<Author>psjetset
<Content>Surprisingly Disappointing While the Alila Ubud is stunningly beautiful with spectacular views it falls short of being a great place to stay. We were looking forward to four days of relaxation after traveling for a week and half. We ended up being so disappointed that we checked out two days early.Unbeknownst to us, we were met by a driver from the Alila in our hotel in Seminyak upon check-out. We had not arranged for this pick-up and we were told that we had a complimentary one-way transfer. We hurriedly canceled the driver that we had pre-arranged the day before and off we went. When we arrived we were left standing at the lobby stairs met by no-one. After a few minutes, someone from the desk came over to check us in. Our first impression of the staff was unfriendly and slow which held to be true for the remainder of our stay. Not to mention that complimentary transfer cost usd$38.We went down the stairs over a walkway covered in water to our room. Incidentally, the puddle was there for the duration of our stay as well as the Gardner who was spraying with a loud pressure sprayer for two days straight in the same exact spot. The room was clean, nicely appointed, minimal and very small. There was an outdoor shower that the room above us as well as the walkway looked down into.The infinity pool was spectacular, however, if you didn't claim one of the 12 lounge chairs by 6am you were out of luck for lying out at the pool for the day. You were given a matt to lie on the cement.There was a complimentary shuttle that ran to town 4 times a day but again the shuttle was smaller than all the people wanting to go so it was cramped. If you got a taxi it was IRD60, 000 each way, billed to your room of course. We felt nickled and dimed for everything. Breakfast is billed as 鈥渋ncluded鈥?but they neglect to tell you that only limited items are included - the bulk of the breakfast items cost extra. We had four martinis one evening with carefully measured shots that cost usd$157. The food at the restaurant was mediocre at best. There was better food in Ubud for much less inclusive of the fare to get there and back.We awoke at 5am the second morning to wake up call in the room above us which went unanswered for 1/2 hour. After this we had enough and were ready to checkout early - this time we called to arrange for a driver to take us back to Seminyak, again the front desk told us it was a complimentary but when we got to the desk paid the bill the front desk said they forgot to charge us for the driver and charged an additional usd$38, just like the first day for the unscheduled driver. We also had to pay an additional usd$30 per day for a high season charge as well as a service fee (for bad service). Not once did we see a manager on the premise.We felt that honeymooners are so caught up in their newly found happiness that they really loose site of what is really going on or should I say not going on at Alila.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>2	1	3	2	4	2	2	3	

<Author>NewlywedLincoln_UK
<Content>Overrated We were very excited about our stay - but ended up disappointed. We were in a deluxe room (don't be fooled, these are the basic rooms) which was really small, compared to the fantastic villa we had in Benoa for less then half the price!) It was nicely done, but not Balinese at all, and we felt a little bit stark. We arrived at lunchtime - ordered food and proceeded to wait a LONG time. A couple who ordered food after us were given complimentary drinks because of the wait, but we weren't. Another guest was complaining about another issue at the same time, so it wasn't the best introduction. The setting and pool are gorgous, but as others have said there are nowhere near enough loungers, so people were lying on the floor - not what you expect from a 5 star hotel.The restaurant was pretty terrible - the worst nasi goreng I had in 2 weeks by far. The shuttle isn't regular enough, and the town of Ubud is fantastic - loads of lovely restaurants, and quiet away from the main streets - I would really recommend staying in the town. One absolute positive - the breakfast is fantastic - and free room delivery is well worth it!Overall, I think it just doesn't stack up with other 5 star hotels - the comparison to the Oberoi Seminyak is laughable - now that really is worth it!  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>HItchens
<Content>Amazing hotel..... WOW!!!!!!We came to the Alila for the 2nd part of our honeymoon after staying in Nusa Dua for 12 nights. From the moment we arrived we knew we had picked a great hotel.The room we had was a standard one with an absolutely spectacular view of the rain forest. We were glad we booked a standard room because the view was well worth it and the room was lovely.The hotel is very clean, modern, peaceful, relaxing, romantic...just perfect for such a special occasion.The food is about 3 times the cost of the food in central ubud so we would recommend taking the shuttle bus or a taxi into ubud for evening meals. There is a fantastic restraunt we found called 'cinta' on monkey forest road, i had the best ahi tuna ive every had.....worth a visit!!!Breakfast in the hotel is very nice and there is a lot of choice.The pool is fantastic, what more can i say!!!If your looking for a bit of fun you should try white water rafting down the ayung river.... what an experience but watch out for those snakes in the water!!! Would definatly recommend this hotel, it was amazing and it completed a truly magical honeymoon in Bali x x  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Manon34
<Content>Wonderful few nights Stayed at the Alila in Ubud for 3 nights as part of our honeymoon. It is a fantastic hotel, very quiet and tranquil with a fantastic spa.. I have never had such a good massage.We stayed in a deluxe room which is on the ground floor, with a patio and small garden in the front and views overlooking the gorge below. At the back of the room is a fantastic outdoor shower. Although the room was not as big as we had thought, there was fantastic attention to detail and it had everything you would need along with an Ipod docking station where you can either listen to their ipod or put your own in. There are no TV's but in such a beautiful, tranquil place you do not need them.Alila is renowned for its amazing infinity pool which did not disappoint although I would agree with another reviewer that there are not enough sunbeds if the hotel is busy! Luckily that was not the case!The service was fantastic, the breakfasts amazing. The restaurant is a little on the pricey side but fantastic food in a lovely setting. The hotel is quite some way out of Ubud but that was not a problem as the hotel provide regular free shuttles and taxis if you want to go in at different time from the timetable. Overall we had a brilliant time and I wish we could have stayed there a bit longer!  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Roade33
<Content>THis is definately HEAVEN - apart from........... .... the weather!!!Being in the mountains of a tropical country doesnt guarnantee you sunshine... but when you stay at the Alila in Ubud, that doesnt matter.One of the best memories of our honeymoon was sitting in our sunken outsdide petal infused bath surrouned by water and Koi carp sipping champagne or was it looking out from the infinty pool at the surrounding view or the food in the resturant or the spa treatments........!it was all SO good and an absolute must for anyone travelling within 1000 miles of Bali  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MarkFMelbourne
<Content>Sensational! This hotel is a must! We stayed in one of their Villas which, whilst reasonably expensive, was worth every cent. Their packages also make it much more reasonable; we booked the Spa Indulgence which included $300 USD of spa treatments, dinner, trekking and transfers. Overall, highly recommended!  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Ngoyen
<Content>A Honeymoon MUST Away from the Hands of Man My husband and I started our honeymoon in Bali at Ubud (3nights)...we really weren't too excited about the city initially because we are truly beach people (from Orange County California). After the long flight and taxi ride we arrived at the beautiful Alila. As we were checking in my husband noticed that we were upgraded to a villa and they later informed us of our free massages or guided hike. When we got there we could not believe our eyes we thought we were in a episode of MTV cribs. There was a breath taking sunken tub in a koi pond and a private outdoor shower. When you leave your room and do not put the do not disturb sign out you will return to little treats being left in your room (fruit platter, your bed turned down,or little desserts). There are no tvs and clocks in the room but they do have and Ipod...we personally loved being away from the hands of man. We highly recommend the breakfast deal when booking your room...it will not leave you disappointed. We opted for a romantic dinner which is only 100 US dollars. You will meet with Christian Alila's chef (he is so nice) and decide what kind of menu you'd like. They give you a bottle of wine that night and it is and experience you will never forget. The staff is very nice and helpful. There are only two computers in the business center but wireless internet can be accessed in lobby or business center. The only down side of Alila was being far from down town, but the up side is there is a free shuttle and taxi rides are only $6 roundtrip...plus you don't need to be going into town everyday if you are in Bali to relax and decompress. The spa was wonderful and the pool is amazing...we were so disappointed when we departed from this little piece of paradise. We continued our honeymoon in Jimbaran and Nusa Dua, no placed compared to Alila in Ubud. Our biggest mistake was not staying longer at Alila.  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Chief1tas
<Content>It was ok, Tasmania, Australia My husband and I stayed at the Alila for 2 nights which was long enough. We were upgraded to a deluxe room which is on the ground floor and you can hear the upstairs standard room toilet being flushed, shower running and people walking on the floor. The standard room had a better view as well. The rooms were nice but nothing that gave you the wow factor. The Ipod was a nice touch but we did miss the TV. We had an evening meal at the restaurant which was fine but over priced. We also had a spa treatment which we both enjoyed and the staff at the spa were very friendly and helpful. The pool is lovely but not enough seating if they have more than 10 couples booked in! It's a nice location but we won't be returning.  
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>glampuss
<Content>Beautiful Alila       Alila  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>invilia
<Content>Great experience We went there for our honeymoon, 3 years ago. After staying at Seminyak it was a great change. It was quite a long drive to get there but it was worth it. The decor was very impressive at first glance, the hotel is set on a slope so it was quite awesome. Check in was pretty quick  service good. Although they didn't show us what was where, like a games room  the bikes (which I found out from this website). The games room we discovered as we walked around. It was pretty quiet when we were there so we didn't run into that many people and it was easy to find a sun lounge, the view from the pool was amazing. It was quite a long walk to town  we decided to hire a car in town. Our driver helped to find one at the last minute. The car smelled of urine but then again we were lucky to get one for only 100 thousand rupiahs. We drove to Kintamani to see the sights there, got lost along the way because we didn't have a map but it was fun driving past the padi fields  small towns. So we didn't spend that much time at the hotel. The room was ok, it had a courtyard overlooking the valley although there wasn't that much of a view from the bottom section and an outdoor shower.In the afternoon they turned down our bed  brought afternoon tea, which consisted of coffee  balinese cake. it was delicious.We loved the outdoor shower, pool and the grounds.There was no tv or ipod when i was there so at night, it was very quiet, my husband missed having a tv there, i didn't mind personally, it was nice to get away from it.We didn't eat at the restaurant because it was overpriced, bintang beer costs 3 times more than in seminyak where we stayed.Overall though it was a memorable stay, but I wouldn't stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	5	5	3	3	3	

<Author>travelmadame
<Content>A joyous find in the bush Alila Ubud is further north of the the town center of Ubud and therefore you get a more mountainous and valley view of Ubud than the small shops you see in Ubud. The hotel's staff has been wonderful in all their offering and they were there anytime required. The room is a little small (and sans TV) but a really nice and quiet sanctuary for city people. Food was excellent at the restaurant and sitting by the pool gives you the serenity of Ubud and Bali. The hotel spa also offered a variety of treatments and they have their home brand skin/body care products. There are lots of classes being offered from Alila but you will find them better value for money elsewhere.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Chriscris
<Content>Lovely location A great week here with very friendly staff. Rooms could have been a bit larger but outdoor shower was fun. Pool was beautiful but a shortage of places to lay by it without being burnt by the sun - not many sunbeds and very little shade except from the umbrellas which did not produce much shade in the morning. Staff were very helpful in moving the beds around for our winter white skin.The free shuttle bus to Ubud was useful for general shopping. We also hired, via the hotel, a car and driver for the day and had a wonderful time sightseeing at a very reasonable cost.We were there for the Balinese New year and the hotel organised a trip for us to join in the New Year's Eve procession which was great - if you can be in Bali at this time it is something not to be missed!  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	-1	3	

<Author>BrigidE
<Content>Nice pool - seriously average rooms...       poolside  
<Date>Mar 17, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Forrader
<Content>A rustic and very pleasant experience       Interior Valley Villa 304  
<Date>Nov 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>ShanghaiJazz
<Content>everything good except geckos and lizards I enjoyed Alila Ubud because of the beautiful view of the countryside, impeccable service, delicious food and the familiar pampering at mandara spa. I appreciated the crisp fresh air which gave a respite from the haze caused by fires from Indonesia that shrouded all of Singapore (where I came from). It was surprisngly that Bali being part of Indonesia was not affected by the haze. I do not complain of not having a TV in the room but some of my family members felt a TV was necessary. The balcony would have been a good place to be, for candle light dinner or reading a book in the day but the frequent sighting of geckos and lizards kept me in the room most of the time. The room was rustic, charming and comfortable and I would have enjoyed it more if there was a possibility of riding geckos and lizards that were crawling on the overhead beams in the evenings and night (thatched roof attracts creepy crawlies) and their droppings were often found on the bed and floor.I will definitely want a second trip to Alila Ubud if the geckos and lizards can stay outdoors.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bunyola
<Content>Great stay but detail needs improving I am in the luxury travel business in Europe and believe it is better to deliver more than you promise. The Alila web site is very good and suggests 5 star luxury of the highest quality. In that context, the hotels underdeliver. Do not go thinking you will get Aman level service.I think if you judge it as a 5 star hotel it would come out badly but these comments need to be taken into context with a knowledge of the price. We paid under 200 dollars a night whereas some 5 star hotels in Ubud are over 600 dollars. We thought the hotel was good value for money and although there are a few annoyances, these would not stop us going again.My wife and I stayed 7 nights during October 2007. We had a deluxe room which is the ground floor room with the outside shower.The setting is amazing. You can tell it is an older hotel but this did not worry us unduly.Our first impression of the room was that it was small. We asked to see a villa room and it was very nice but it turned out only to be available for one night so we did not bother. On that note, although these villa rooms are very nice and (mostly) have good views - in our opinion, they put the price up too much in relation to the quality of the rest of the hotel and take it out of the good value category. Have a deluxe room and save the money for a good meal at the Four Seaons Hotel one evening!In the end we came to like our room. Yes it was small but with a good bed and nice linen. Cleanliness was first class and housekeeping generally would stand up against any other hotel in Bali. It is true that the deluxe rooms do not have the best view but the outside shower was lovely and there are plenty of other opportunities to admire the view. The outside shower by the way is very private and not at all rustic as it implies.It is well documented that the pool is amazing but the area around the pool is too small and so there are not enough beds. This lead to certain people going to the pool and putting their towels down at 7 in the morning to reserve their places not to return until mid morning. This is very annoying and the hotel should discourage it.Service is generally very attentive and friendly. The Balinese have a natural openess and happiness which is very welcome. However, we did find too many of the staff would want to pass the time of day with quite long conversations and when the fifth person at Breakfast engages you with the same questions you think enough is enough! This has an impact on service as so many of the staff are otherwise engaged and breakfast especially can be a little erratic. We stayed at the Alila Manggis the following week and found the same problem. It must be the managements policy to encouage the staff to engage with the clients but this needs some care in its application.The food was very good although we did find it quite expensive. There are plenty of options for eating out though which is worth the effort of getting to town.The hotel is a long way out (about 20 minutes to Ubud) but in reality any of the bigger hotels are a car ride from Ubud so an extra 10 minutes really is nothing. The last free shuttle is at 6pm which does mean you cannot catch a free ride back if you want to eat out but we just got the last shuttle to town and arranged for the hotel to pick us up later at a cost of just 6 dollars - you could do it for less if you caught a local taxi.Our price included some spa treatments and the whole spa experience was very good.On some occasions the service was so good you thought you had arrived in a Aman Hotel but on others it would drop. Perhaps that was our lasting impression of the hotel - that they could do it but not consistently and when a hotel sets its standards high and then falls down a bit, there is a litlle dissapointment. Again I say though that you have to think that they are not charging 5 star prices so in conclusion, we would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>mdkate1657
<Content>Perfect hotel for honeymoon We have just returned from a three week honeymoon in Singapore and Bali. We stayed at the Alila Ubud for three nights in the middle of our holiday. Had we known how perfect it was we would have stayed longer!On arrival we were shown to our room, we had been upgraded to their best suite which was the Pool Villa. This was on stilts over overlooking the valley an dthe infinity pool. I have bever seen a room like it - it was amazing! As it was our honeymoon we were immediately brought champagne and a chocolate honeymoon cake.The bedroom had long windows to three sides overlooking the valley and a huge 4 poster bed in the middle of the room. There were double doors to an outdoor room which was a pond filled with koi carp and a pathway over the middle. There was a sunken bath in the pond. Each evening staff came and lit candles around the bath, it was so romantic. There were further double doors to a huge bathroom with two wash basins, really powerful shower etc.Each morning and evening about 20 monkeys walked across our verandah and we were able to take fabulous photographs of them.The pool was amazing as described by others. Service was impeccable, iced water brought to you every 30 minutes, cold flannels and even your sunglasses were cleaned for you!Breakfast was the best we had whilst away. Lunch and evening meals, although more expensive than other places we stayed were top quality. On our last evening we arranged the gourmet food and wine tasting menu. This is usually served in a cabana by the pool. As we loved our suite so much we arranged for it to be served on the balcony. They set up a romantic table with flowers and candles everywhere. It was not overlooked by any other guests and we had candle lit views over the valley. We had our own personal butler who was very discreet and not intmidating. It was perfect.We did not want to leave this hotel and go to our next one. I know this is a long review but I can't begin to recommend this hotel enough. We do not usually visit the same country twice as there is so much of the world to see but we will be definately be returning to this hotel in the future. Although we were upgraded, I would definately book the Pool Villa again at extra cost, it just added the finishing touch to what would already have been a perfect stay!  
<Date>Oct 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>travelbuggie
<Content>Perfect!!! What a wonderful resort!!We stayed here just over a year ago but really wanted people to know of this little secret.It was our honeymoon and we stayed for 5 nights although I wish we had of booked for longer instead of going to the Sheraton in Nusa Dua which was not any match to Alila!Everything was catered for. From the thoughtful 'honeymoon' cake and champagne on our first night as a suprise to the essiantial oil handmade bath soaps. Our bathrobes were changed every day! Beautiful biscuits by the bed every day.... shall I go on?! As I have not even left the room yet!The property was small but semmingly spacious due to the cliff and forest. The staff were exceptional. Staff would see you walking to a sun lounge, so they would immediately come down with towels and iced face towels infused with essential oils. And at 4 ro 5pm they would come around to your lounge with complimentary afternoon tea- freshly brewed coffee and homemade Balinese treats. Yum.The breakfasts were included and were so delicious...I looked forward to them every day. We ate there only on one night and highly recommend it although I do agree with others that the restaurant was perhaps a little pricey.....so, catch the shuttle to town (what a relaxing journey) enjoy your meal and then catch a cab back.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TravelBeard
<Content>A sleek choice in Ubud, but get the details right       A family of macaques lives outside the patios at Alila Ubud  
<Date>Oct 8, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>lunatravel
<Content>amazing hotel perfect honeymoon The hotel is excellent. service fabulous, great activities, some of them a bit pricey.The rooms are beautifully decorated, and the setting for dinners and breakfast is so quiet, relaxing and with amazing views! would return anytime. only downside is the fact of being a bit far from ubud, and the bus shuttle is only every two hours, so you do depend on cabs to drive you around.swim at dawn, monkeys to visit the little temple next to the hotel, flowers everywhere, and again, really good service are the best memories of our stay at the alila. by the way, it was our honeymoon.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NicolaFyfe
<Content>Perfect for Honeymooners We stayed at Alila Ubud as part of our honeymoon and loved it! When we arrived the room was covered in flowers which was a lovely surprise. We had a fantastic view across the valley and could see one of the volcanoes in the distance.The staff were really friendly and helpful. They always had a smile for us and made us feel very welcome. The pool is absolutely beautiful and the setting is perfect for romance! We would definitely go back as we have such fond memories. If you are looking for a commercial resort like Nusa Dua, then this is NOT the place for you. Alila Ubud is all about relaxation and spending some time in the peace and quiet of beautiful surroundings.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>MichFran
<Content>Lovely setting and good service We stayed 4 nights at the Alila and found it excellent.I do agree about its distance from ubud. However the shuttle is convenient and it is easy to find transport back to the resort if needed.We had a superior room with a nice view. The room was big enough and the shower in the bathroom fantastic. I do not know how many times a member staff entered our room in the evening: to turn down the bed, light a candle and mosquito coil on the balcony, bring some biscuits. We saw staff going from room to room several times..We had a free 3 1/2 hours nature walk and lunch included in our package starting at 8am (worth $60/person). We walked through the countriside stopping at a farmer's house for coffee and fruits, walked down to the Ayung river and back through paddy fields to a bale for a very early but wonderful lunch. That was very romantic overlooking the terraced fields.There are also other trails from the hotel.The Alila restaurant offers excellent but pricey food with very good service. We had one late big lunch in Ubud and skipped dinner and also a full day out with lunch with Dean. Breahfast on the terrace is very well cooked and plentiful and served at the table rather than a buffet which is nice.The pool is indeed wonderful. The hotel was not that busy so we did not have any problems to get a lounger but some guests who arrived later were not so lucky. This could be an issue if the hotel is full. A nice touch was a tray with two wet towels, two glasses of iced water and a water spray for when it gets too hot.A short walk out of the lights of the hotel in the evening and the paddy fields become magic with fireflies flying around and croacking frogs.A troup of monkeys gives some entertainment during the day and there are also lots of birds to spot.The Spa was too expensive and not very busy as the staff sometimes wondered around to remind the guests of their services.An heaven to come back to after a day of sightseeing and/or shopping.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>dleepenn
<Content>Very peaceful and very relaxing. Far from town tho. As others have said, the pool is an incredible feature of this hotel. As a private hide away place, this is a perfect selection. However, there are also a lot of activities in downtown Ubud and you are 15 minutes away by taxi. They do provide shuttle service, but it runs only once every 2 hours and this is not enough. They would be better served to work with local taxi drivers so a guest could get to town at any time easily.The restaurant food was OK but a bit over done and definitely over priced considering the meal deals to be had in downtown Ubud. Watch out for the duck on the menu, it's incredbly chili-hot.Loved the room with its almost outside appearance. It was not a large room but seemed very spacious because of the outside patio and the glass that gave you a view of the valley and river that runs below the resort.I thought this hotel was stunning in its beauty and finish. Loved every minute that we stayed there.We did have a problem with plumbing (leak) which forced them to change our room for the last night. They tried to be very responsive to our needs.The spa is also expensive given other local options that we found later.If I wanted to rest and relax, I would definitely choose this resort again. However, if I wanted to see more of the local activities, I would look elsewhere.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Helenjr
<Content>Heaven!       Stunning pool  
<Date>May 25, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>naif02138
<Content>good hotel, but better available I stayed at the Alila Ubud for 5 days earlier this month in one of the first-floor rooms. Although the room was small, I quite liked the set-up and the bathroom with outdoor shower was very cool. As other reviews have stated, the hotel is very calm and peaceful, and the pool is indeed stunning. It is very far from the town center -- I timed the drive and it ranges from 10-15 mins, and the Alila is much farther out than the Four Seasons, the Uma, Tjampuhan, etc. At first I thought it'd be nice to be so far away, but given the limited dining and activity options at the hotel (there is NOTHING within walking distance from the hotel), I think it makes sense to stay elsewhere in Ubud given all the activities in town. Unless you're happy to do nothing in Bali but lounge by the pool, eat mediocre and high-priced (for Bali) hotel food and use the expensive hotel spa, the Alila is not for you.  
<Date>May 14, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Skaula
<Content>Could be so so much better... We stayed at the Alila for 3 nights in May. The Alila has many positives, but we came away with the overwhelming sense that it could be so much better.The pool is undoubtedly stunning with a beautiful view over the tree tops and the gorge beneath the hotel. However, there are too few sun loungers and unless you are down to the poolside early (ie before 10am) to stake your claim then you are unlikely to find one free. On the plus side it is very peaceful and the cold face flannels were a welcome treat.The restaurant has a great terrace overlooking the gorge but this is not utilised to it's full potential and looks neglected. The quality of service at the Alila is fine, but not outstanding. We chose to eat at the restaurant on our final night and ordered a bottle of sparkling wine which arrived unchilled and we had to wait before a chilled bottle was eventually found and brought to our table. This is was well below our expectations of a reputedly excellent restaurant.Our room was on the first floor of one of many 2 storey blocks along the hotel grounds. We had a standard room and it did feel very small, these rooms do not contain the mini i-pod that other reviews have mentionned. There is also no television in any room.The hotel is a long way from the main road, and from Ubud so I would recommend you hire a car for your stay here otherwise it will feel very isolated. There is a shuttle bus into town but it runs every 2 hours and it doesn't run in the evenings which is a shame as there are so many good things to see in Ubud in the evening.The Alila is a relaxing place to stay and it is definately an enjoyable place to stay. However, there is plenty of room for improvement and the management would do well to reflect that great pools do not always equal great hotels!!  
<Date>May 12, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Calm and Cool       Stunning Pool  
<Date>Jan 28, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A very Zen Hotel   showReview(4072136, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 30, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>florent
<Content>Relaxing and enjoyable   showReview(4045131, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>gonghuangfu
<Content>Avoid Garden Villas   showReview(4003778, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 9, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Bintang
<Content>Great   showReview(3983225, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 2, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Eva_mso
<Content>Perfect   showReview(3913055, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 18, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>newMrsD
<Content>We refer to this hotel as the Lovely-Lovely!       The pool - looked like you could swim right into the valley!  
<Date>Sep 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent and peaceful   showReview(3802538, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Can't wait to return   showReview(3448562, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Positives and negatives...   showReview(2518061, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 8, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sylvieandco
<Content>Paradoxal !       l'arbre qui se refl猫te dans la piscine  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>4	3	2	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>eric45430
<Content>Jeunes mari茅s heureux       une de l hotel  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ClaraJun
<Content>銇ㄣ仸銈傞潤銇嬨仹銇婂嫥銈併仹銇欍€?#x201d;       銇撱倢銇屾渶楂樸伄銉椼兗銉仹銇?/a>  
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>hashashas
<Content>銇嬨仯銇撱亜銇勩儣銉笺儷銇ф湁鍚嶃€?#x201d;   showReview(20548877, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	2	4	4	3	4	

<Author>Topk
<Content>Belle piscine mais site trompeur sur chambres   showReview(20052996, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>plog
<Content>d茅cevant   showReview(19270327, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nine36
<Content>tr猫s bel h么tel   showReview(16690728, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un d茅lice de beaut茅 de gentillesse et de coutoisie   showReview(14738104, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉堛兗銈裤儷銉愩儵銉炽偣銇岃壇銇勩儧銉嗐儷銇с仚   showReview(19165758, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>r_torradeflot
<Content>Hotel de cine       piscina  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>giacomo_C
<Content>hotel de grande classe mais.....       la piscine  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	3	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>akchote
<Content>Merveilleux !   showReview(8456093, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>妫伄涓伄鐧掋仐銇┖闁?#x201d;   showReview(19163067, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>loin d'ubud decu   showReview(11500379, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 27, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鐧掋仐銇┖闁?#x201d;   showReview(19158945, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 27, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈儶銉┿偊銉栥儔   showReview(19154858, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 14, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>妫伄涓伄闅犮倢瀹?#x201d;   showReview(19930469, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 25, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇倱銇炽倞銇椼倛銇嗐仺鎬濄亜...   showReview(19925508, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 27, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇樸仱銇礌鏁点仾銉涖儐銉仹...   showReview(19923128, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 27, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈︺儢銉夈仹銇笓璋枫伀绔嬨仱...   showReview(19919420, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 1, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

