<Author>lexus60
<Content>beijng redwall hotel       the shower head from the curtain  
<Date>Nov 15, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	-1	2	2	

<Author>billgardner
<Content>the redwall hotel is great my wife and I stayed at the Redwall Hotel in Beijing china for 12 day, this hotel is on the northeast corner of the Forbidden City it was absolutly amazing you right in the aheart of everything. temples tiannamen square lotus lane Highly recommened  
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jewel22
<Content>The Absolute Worst Experience of my life My husband and I are major travelers. I have been to numerous thrid world countries and have never stayed in so terrrible of a hotel. There is 1 girl who spoke minimal English. The hotel had the audacity to up the price by over $200.00 American dollars and they actually got away with it. I will only feel compensated if I can make enough travelers realize what a mistake it is to stay there and have the hotel go out of business. The location is good, only if you want to walk any where, no taxi drivers know where the hotel is and it is a little bit of a distance to walk if you are getting to the subway. Also, the hotel itself is located in what looks like the slums. If it is raining outside then the bell hop will not flag a taxi down for you, you have to stand in the rain while they watch. The bathroom is crowded and in pitiful condition. There is nothing that seperates the shower from the toilet, and the toilet clogs daily. The breakfast was a sick joke, literally each time we ate there, we got sick. There is no such thing as room service due to the fact that they don't speak English and even though they have a set menu, almost every thing that I tried to order, they did not have. The bed was the absolute worst! Take a towel outside and lay it down on concrete, then lay on top of your towel, there you go. That is about how comfortable the bed is. There is only one small closet and no drawers, so if you are planning a semi long trip, you will be living in your suitcase. The hotel laundry service sent one of my shirts back unwashed and the front desk couldn't understand me so they charged me anyway.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	2	1	1	1	

<Author>MichiganVacation
<Content>Pure Garbage My family and I stayed at this hotel during the Olympic Games and this hotel failed to deliver in a big way. Don't listen to any of the semi-positive reviews on this or any other site, this hotel is a disgrace. They overcharged (about $300 US per night), provided a horrible, cold breakfast-complete with water diluted orange juice, and had beds that rivaled the floor in their stiffness.The staff was acceptable but did not speak English or any other language than Mandarin, and when we asked for a cab the man at the front just told us that they come here often (as opposed to calling one). We waited 40 minutes before setting out on our own.Please do yourself a favor and stay as far away from this place as you can. We decided to give the place the benefit of the doubt and it almost ruined our Olympic vacation.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	1	1	1	

<Author>reiseklar
<Content>Great location, terrible hotel We stayed for 8 days to experience Beijing right before the Olympics.The hotel is ugly, the rooms are old and has not been renovated for over a decade...I will not recommend this hotel to anyone. The staff can barely speak english and the breakfast was tragical.The only positive thing is the location of the hotel.The only reason we stayed here was the price, but you will have a better holiday if you put some extra money in an other hotel.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	1	1	1	

<Author>xyh
<Content>Great service, good rooms Well worth the money! We stayed here for 5 days two weeks before the olympics. Our room was ok, though the bathroom door was partly damaged by water. It was clean but a bit too big actually. The air condition worked perfectly which is a must during Beijing summer. The staff was very helpful and most of them could speak some english. They helped us book train tickets and write down addresses in chinese (so that the taxi driver can find his way).The breakfast buffet did not please us. We suggest you go to a nearby street and buy breakfast. Surprisingly, the streets are crowded as early as 06.30. To get to the street: take left when you go out of the hotel. The first street left (after about 150 meters) is the one I'm referring to (There's a western style caf茅 with good coffee at the end of the street for those of you who don't like chinese breakfast :)  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>3	5	3	3	4	3	5	3	

<Author>Superion
<Content>Average We stayed here during our stay in Beijing. Decent hotel with a good location close to The Forbidden City and some of the parks. Close to the shopping street Wufujing also. The boys who worked at the hotel was very friendly. The room was small, the carpet was dirty. Except for that the room was okey and very quiet during the night.PROS:*Good location* Friendly staff* Quiet during the nightCONS:* Small rooms* Dirty carpet* No free internet  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>susi08
<Content>Great place for first time visitors       Next to the hotel - an airline agent, a bank/ATM, a bike hire, a tailor, a shop.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>BrownstarTulsa
<Content>Location is everything Just got back from Beijing - I had read many reviews about the Red Wall Hotel and was not sure what I would find. Beds were hard and carpets were dirty, but I had hot water and clean sheets. Had cool air and electric. Not bad for a Chinese Hotel at less than $30 US a night. Restaurant was okay, but many good restaurants in area. Right next door is a neat little hotpot restaurant where you can get a good meal for under $4 US. For another dollar you can have a Chinese Yanjing Beer - it's good. If you turn left out of the hotel - walk a block and turn left again, you will find a neat little market street. There are several restaurants, some with English menu. If you walk all the way to the end of that street you will find the Alley Cafe. They have American food (coke, burger and fries for $4US )free internet, and can help with setting up trips to the Great Wall and other places. As you are walking down this street about half way down to the left is an alley way that has a Chinese food store. It,s a good place to pick up snacks. This is where the locals shop. The best thing about this hotel is the location. You can walk to the Forbidden City, Tian'an Men Square, Jing Shan Park, Bei Hai Park, Wangfujing Street - all less than 25 Minutes. I even waked to the Lama Temple which took 45 Minutes, but there were several cool hutongs on the way. Somewhere between the hotel and the Lama Temple I found a neat little place - The Pass By Bar - good Mutton and Cheese Pizza. WORST THING about this hotel is that taxi drivers do not know where it is, but I just had them drop me off at Jing Shan Park and walked the 5 mintues to the hotel. Overall, I was pleased with this place. If you want to travel in style, then don't stay here - However, if you like a little adventure and a good Chinese experience then this place is it. Oh yeah - take a good street map with you - you will not find a good one in Beijing - you will need it. Larry Brown - Oklahoma  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	3	3	2	

<Author>Mrs_AMM
<Content>Hard beds and very little English at the Red Wall Okay, so we booked this hotel through a travel agency and checked it out online. The pictures looked okay, so we said that it was fine. When we got to Beijing, no one knew where the hotel was so we walked around for an hour before finding someone who took us there. We saw the hotel and immediately it looked different than the pictures on the internet. We thought, okay, so what? Then we got to our room and saw how tiny it was. The bathroom is barely big enough for one person and the beds are the hardest thing I have ever slept on in my entire life. It literally felt like sleeping on concrete or plywood. The breakfast buffet in the mornings is not bad at all but the drink seletion is terrible. Also one thing that is pretty bothersome is the fact that so little people that work at this hotel speak good english. In fact we only found one. The other people who speak english cannot really understand any questions you ask. The tours that you book at the hotel are pretty good. They take you to a lot of places but everything is pretty business oriented. They pretty much want you to buy stuff on the tours and if you don't the travel guides tend to get annoyed. I think they make a commission. One really good thing about the hotel that I can say is this, it is in a great location. It's a ten minute walk to the forbidden city and it is located next to this great little miimart where everything is dirt cheap and the people who work there are very sweet. You can buy anything from a 6 pack of decorated chopsticks to a bottle of water.  
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	5	4	4	3	2	

<Author>OddieShanghai
<Content>Only bad part of Beijing We just returned from a trip to Beijing, which we loved. However we were very disappointed in the Red Wall hotel, where we had rented two rooms for four nights. As we have lived in Asia for 6 years, we are used to different standards, so it is with some knowledge of what is available that this review is given. We expected hard beds, but what we didn't expect was poorly cleaned rooms, no air, and lighting so dim it was hard to see by. We attemped to turn on the air conditioners, but only the circulating fan would turn on, and that didn't change the temperature enough to sleep comfortably. When we complained, we were told that the management didn't allow air conditioning until after May 5th, no matter what the temperature. We were promised fans, but only one was provided. The most upsetting thing was the poor service. After a day of sightseeing, we returned to our hot rooms, only to find no water furnished, and instead of washing cups the maids had just put them on the shelf dirty, and it had obviously not been vaccuumed. We would have changed hotels, but here you pay in cash, in advance to the travel agency. One other thing is that the hotel advertises coffee in the room, but what they don't say is that it is a tiny expresso maker and you are charged if used! But on the good side, if you need condoms, they are also in the rooms (for a fee!0 All in all, location is the only thing attractive about this hotel, and there are much better options for your money!  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	4	1	3	2	-1	

<Author>visitor065
<Content>a bit quirky but a good place to stay I was worried about our stay at this hotel after reading other reviews but actually it was absolutely fine.Good things:- location can't be beaten, near forbidden city, with nice shops just round the corner and real life close by- 'chinese style' rooms are charmingly decorated- comfortable, clean 'chinese style' rooms- free extras such as bottled water, toiletries, tea etc in room- not a bad western/chinese spread at breakfast with a chef creating freshly fried eggs etc- sofas in lobby and bar spaces to relax inNot so good things:- took ages to check in (and out)- money changing was VERY slow (but thorough)- didn't have all the things the website promised (not all rooms have safes or minibars and TV is just Chinese). None of this was a problem but don't rely on the website  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>humbaba
<Content>decent This was a decent hotel. The staff speaks no English to be ready for that. I tried to argue that I did not in fact break a glass but I got nowhere and had to pay. My shower also lacked consistent hot water.The free in room internet was very fast. The location is excellent and is near a few spots. The price is also nice.At pretty much all times this place was packed so people are staying here. I was alone and besides the lack of English had no issues.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AnnG62
<Content>Nothing Wrong with this place After reading soem reviews l was very hesitant when my husband booked us in here after disliking a hostel! BUT there was nothing wrong with it. Great location, forbidden city and Behei Park and Jingshan Park all within walking distance, we even walked to Wangfujang Street easliy. It is so well located with a Hutong area right beside it, we did not eat at the hotel and ate at almost every restaruant in the Hutong, great food and service. Alley Cafe was our breakfast choice and free internet. Hotel itself was clean, staff very helpful and efficient, our beds were not hard at all? Our room very spacious and we even had a bath tub! Would stay again just for the location, we did not have a problem with taxi drivers either. If they did'nt know where the hotel was we would just point to Jingshang Park on our other map and walk from there, about 5 minutes. All in all a great place to stay.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>StrabDoc
<Content>Good Location, Not Much Else The location is clearly the best part of this hotel. Although, apparently no cab driver knows about it. As one reviewer said, taxi drivers will flat out refuse to take you to the hotel. We spent a cold night walking back to the hotel because of this. I am not sure if they did not want to take us, or if they could not read the extremely small print on the direction card that the hotel gave us.The room was okay and clean. The hotel says that the TV is multi llanguage. I can only assume they can mean many dialects of Chinese, because there is no other languages. My back has still not recovered from the beds here. After reading one of the reviews, I looked at the bed and it actually is a bed spring covered with a sheet. The floor would of been more comfortable. I would recommend this hotel for its location, but bring your own cot!  
<Date>Nov 17, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	5	3	2	3	4	

<Author>CCRTraveler
<Content>Great Location, Hard Beds Excellent location, right behind the north east corner of the Forbidden City. Also minutes walk to both Ji'an Temple and BeiHai Park. Unfortunately our room overlooked the back of house kitchen/waiters area of the restaurant. We awoke each morning to clanging dishes. Throughout the day we continually heard the clammer of the kitchen. The beds are absolutely the hardest I have ever seen in a hotel. I believe they were just box springs covered in sheets. Avoid Beijing in August unless you love HEAT!  
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>3	4	2	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Rabbit79
<Content>Great location, decent hotel (just slightly tired in places) We went for the standard delux type of room and it was fine. (the one just above the economy) It is a fairly dated hotel but well maintained -our room looked like it had been part renovated. I don't think the functioning of the shower had been touched as it seemed to have a mind of its own. Good enough though -it was clean, just a little worn round the edges. Breakfast was ok - a strange mix of Chinese and European. Nice little cafe round the corner -compass cafe - where you get get juices etc(not much of a food selection) and you can use the internet for free. Also they arrange tours to the Great Wall, acrobats etc which seem to be a lot cheaper than the usual hotel packages -plus you don't get dragged into factories en route. The hotel didn't have our reservation from Expedia when we got there but they sorted out a room for us anyway. By the time we checked out, 2 days later, the booking confirmation had come through. You will still need 500 yuan for a deposit, even though payment has been made. You can see the Forbidden City from the window in the bedroom and it is only a short walk away from Wangfujing street, Tianamen Square, Bai Hai Park and the Forbidden City. It's about 12 Yuan in a taxi to the restaurants by Hou Hai. Taxi to the airport -the hotel will arrange one for you BUT it will be double the price it usually is and you need to check whether it included the road toll charge. We had little choice as we had to be at the airport at 4.30am and didn't want to take the risk of flagging one down on the street. If you are going to the airport at a normal time, taxis pass by the hotel all the time, so probably better to get one that way. A good hotel -we stayed at Novotel before which was nice, but I think Redwall suits the tourist's needs more.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ColoradoLongBoard
<Content>Good hotel but Hard Beds The top floor bar as described on the web site is not completed..... Great location, but some cab drivers don't know where it is  won't take you. ALWAYS carry the hotel card in Chinese.The Chinese rooms are noisy, very small, but have a soft bed. Strange, because the western rooms have beds that feel like you're sleeping on the platform mattress.....very hard! Request extra quilts and another sheet and that will help a little bit. They also turned off the AC in the middle of the night. The western rooms are large, clean and pleasant. Management staff was very helpful.Breakfast is $9.00 USD...decent. Take advantage if you prefer western food, because that's it! Unless you are a fan of fish heads or fried duck heads, you're out of luck in the food dept. There is a TGIF Friday's near the Embassies, which may save your life! The hotel bell boys make their money from referrals, so if you have an event you wish to attend, don't let them talk you into another venue. They sent us to an accrobat show that was very amateurish and expensive.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Purejammy
<Content>Comfortable and well located The Red wall is literally around the corner from the Forbidden City and only a ten minute walk from Beijing's main shopping street. A taxi from the central train train station cost only 16 Yuan. The hotel check in procedure involved relaxing in some comfortable armchairs with a glass of iced water whilst the staff dealt with all the paperwork and took our bags to our room. We were asked to pay an 800 yuan deposit on arrival for mini-bar use, etc. Whilst some reviewers have complained about this, I don't really see what the issue is. The hotel simply cancelled the credit card transaction when we left. Our room on the first floor, 3201, was clean, reasonably sized, with big twin beds and a two seater couch. The air conditioning was very efficient, but quiet. The mini-bar fridge was big enough to put all our own drinks in - there is a cheap shop to the right of the hotel front door with bottles of beer, soft drinks and chocolate. But the mini-bar prices aren't too bad if you can't be bothered with the 10 metre walk to the shop!The bathroom had one drawback - the shower tray was only a couple of centimetres high, which meant everytime you had a shower, the water overflowed and the whole of the bathroom floor got wet.The Red Wall was good value for money, clean and comfortable. Our one dinner in the hotel was delicious - just make sure you eat early. The room was well appointed, clean and comfortable. Whilst there are mixed reviews for this hotel, we had no problems and would definitely stay there again if we returned to Beijing.  
<Date>May 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>luberoo
<Content>Noisy and not very clean       Waiting for the paperwork to be settled after a 17 hour flight  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	2	2	1	

<Author>skhakoo
<Content>Great location, Good Value, Clean Rooms, Lacking Customer Service Just returned from a 4 night stay in Beijing at the Red Wall. Let's begin with the positives. Location, location, location. On the footsteps of the Forbidden City and a beautiful park, around the corner from the ancient hutong alleyways where locals still live, one block from a street food court and two large supermarkets and literally doors away from an absolutely delicious muslim chinese eatery (serving barbeque beef and naan bread).The hotels rooms were spacious and clean. Our beds were more like doubles than twins. The bathrooms had a nice variety of free toiletry. The lobby was clean and inviting. The beauty salon was first rate. The breakfast was included in our plan and it had a larger than average variety of western cuisine as well as chinese cuisine. One staff person made fresh dumpling soup based on the spice needs of the customer.Now to the not so good. The customer service lacked in every respect. Changing money was limited to $300 per day. We had a really hard time having them take our travelers checks claiming signature mismatch. Getting service at the counter felt like a chore each day.So for the simple traveller with no real need for customer service and happy with a great location and good value, this hotel is for you. The service lacked and it ruined an otherwise great stay in a fabulous location.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	5	4	1	3	4	

<Author>Phledd
<Content>I really wanted to like this hotel, but... Before going to Beijing, I read the other reviews and was really rooting for this hotel to be a gem in the rough, but in the end would almost give this hotel a '1' rating, but I'm taking into consideration that this was a Chinese style hotel, not a Western brand name hotel. We had paid extra for a suite, and I had even sent a fax IN CHINESE to make sure that all was in order. The suite we were originally put in was abysmal, even by mainland Chinese standards; dingy, tiny, little light, no ventilation, NO cupboard, closet, or drawers even! The furniture must've have come straight from a dorm room with a bed inadequate for two people (maybe this room was used for staff to crash in?). We had prepaid for the hotel, but they still insisted on a deposit of 1000 RMB (over 100$US) for key deposit (an aging plastic card which they charged us for at checkout because it had cracked) and a mini-bar deposit (yet there was none in the room...there wasn't even a fridge!!) It took an entire day of our trip and two subsequent moves to finally get it straightened out. And we ended up only marginally better than what we had started with: a room whose windows opened into a storage closet full of construction debris, again with no ventilation (they said they couldn't turn on the air in the room). I will say that the assistant manager was most accomodating; even she was appalled at the room we had been given originally, and gave us one night in the presidential suite, but were told to move the next afternoon (after being kept waiting for 4 hours) the 3d and final suite we were assigned was as described above. My partner cashed some Amex travelers cheques and we had a go round with deskstaff who wanted *US* to go to the Bank of China for *THEM* to turn the already countersigned cheques in (they didn't believe his signature matched, even though he had passport, drivers license and other cheques to support it)--that hassle was also resolved finally, but ate up a good several hours, and left me secretly angry and shaken at having been bullied by a gang of 5 hotel staff members. The only reason that I am giving this hotel a 2 is it's location: It really was phenomenal; right at the Forbidden City, and where 15 different bus routes converged that made getting around very easy (if you can read Chinese bus info). Additionally, the rooms were clean (even the dingy one) and service staff were prompt and most courteous. Yet even with these positives, I doubt that I would ever stay there again on subsequent visits to Beijing (and I am planning to go back in October)  
<Date>Mar 29, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	5	5	2	5	5	

<Author>dubon
<Content>Great Locaqtion This hotel has a great location, in walking distance of Forbbiden City, shopping areas, Beihao park etc . I stayed for two periods - the first I was upgraded to a suite which was beautifully furnished, clean and except for some electrical problems with operating the Jacuzi, was well above the standard I expected. The second period was spent in a standard room which was also large, clean and with many extras - slippers , bath robe , hairdryer etc.The staff were very helpful and the only thing I did not like was the breakfast which is optional. Getting there by taxi can be a small problem first time but the hotel gives you a map so after the first time, there are no problems. All in all , very good value for money , especially considering the saving on taxis which can amount to almost the price per day for this hotel  
<Date>Mar 25, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SGGirl
<Content>Two words - Bad Service We stayed there for 3 nights. At first, everything looked alright. It was quite a good location, although many taxi drivers do not know this hotel so we had to explain all the time, luckily we could speak Chinese. But the horror started when we checked out. There was a patch of brown stain on the bedsheets. It was there when we checked in. We did not bother about it as it was at the bottom of the sheet (which was our huge mistake). On the early morning checkout, they wanted to charge us, insisting that we dirtied the sheets, gave us a dirty look and refuse to believe us. We could retort in chinese, luckily again. They called the manager and kept asking how much they should charge us, right in front of us. In the end, they wasted half hour of our time and we nearly missed our flight (due to the jam too). To me, whatever the case is, how can they be so 100% sure that we did it? It could be their cleaners who didn't do a good job. They should believe their customers, nor matter what. It is not like we broke the TV or something.Our cab driver told us, this was not the first time. Many customers from this hotel got the same problem, they were charged for nothing. My advice is, do check out early and do a complete check of the room when you enter and inform the staff in black and white that there is a problem before you stay in this hotel room. We will definitely NOT return to this hotel. To me, service is very important, exceeding the location.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	3	2	2	-1	4	

<Author>cliff.tait
<Content>thanks red wall We would like to take this opportunity to compliment all staff at the red wall hotel for the excellent service we exprienced during our stay in november 2006. always helpful at all levels and most had a very good grasp of english. the food was well prepared and plentiful and the hotel very clean. our room was quite adequate. beds jolly hard but clean. bathrooms in need of some TLC but overall no complaints and yes we would stay there again.Overall we found the chinese people very friendly and always smiling.great value for moneyThank you Red WallJoyce and cliff Taitnew zealand  
<Date>Jan 13, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	3	3	4	4	5	

<Author>RMPP
<Content>Stay, only if you like warmed up curry for Breakfast? The best thing about this hotel is the location, you cannot knock it. Just a stone's throw from the Forbidden City and Tiannamen Square, two of the major tourist spots in Beijing. The staff are generally very polite and try to be helpful and most can speak a basic level of English. But despite being within walking distance of the Forbidden City none of the city's taxi drivers seem to know where the hotel is or are prepared to drive there. Be prepared for taxi drivers to refuse to drive you and laugh in your face!The hotel also insists on debiting your credit card by about 拢200 for use of the mini bar! This is quite a large deposit (even for four of us) when you realise that the mini bar only consists of water and coke. Is it possible to drink 拢200 of soft drinks in one week!Whilst the hotel restaurant has no natural light and more staff than tables the food is not bad. The breakfasts, however, consist of warmed up meals from the night before and unless you are partial to warmed up curry, fried chicken or pak choy for breakfast it is not really for the western palate. Toast, is about the the only option, with luke warm coffee!The rooms are kept well, but could do with a good clean around the edges. The shower does have a mind of its own and if (like me) you try to move the shower head (so it doesn't spray the ceiling and opposite wall) it comes away from the wall! There is also a lack of any decent lighting in the rooms and unless you are very short (or 5 years old) you will not be able to hang anything in the wardarobes, which are about the size of a kitchen cupboard!Expect random telephone calls asking if you want a massage but don't expect to be able to go to the Entertainment Centre on floor B1. For some reason, any time we tried to get out of the lift at that level we were hurridly put back in the lift and sent back upstairs. (If anyone ever makes it over the threshold and discovers what is on level B1 we would be interested to know!)I suppose the only other thing to mention is to make sure you don't ask the hotel to take messages for you. The only message we received (about moving the time of our trip to the Summer Palace from an afternoon trip to a morning one (quite important if you are suppose to get up)) was left in a draw with the Beijing yellow pages. Not exactly an obvious place, and hence why we were not ready up when our tour guide arrived!  
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>popstar
<Content>Noisy and not clean - you can do better       Tiny, dirty bathroom  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>1	3	2	2	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>reviewit24u
<Content>Do Not Stay Here         
<Date>Jun 2, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Jenob12
<Content>Preis-Leistungsverh盲ltnis in Ordnung       Bad  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	5	5	3	

