<Author>itchyfeetx2
<Content>Spotless, great value, centrally located This is a small boutique hotel on a quiet street about a block from the Plaza de Universidad. Rooms were comfortable and nicely appointed, although small by American standards. As former innkeepers, we are very fussy about cleanliness. We looked in all the corners and even ran a finger over top of picture frames --- we didn't find a speck of dirt or dust! The service is very helpful and friendly. Alex was especially helpful! The rates are very affordable; the hotel was a great value.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>destinyschild
<Content>Another lovely stay Having had 2 great nights here in the summer with my husband and 2 of my children I had no hesitation in booking again for a 4 night break with 5 friends in October.Again the hotel was spotlessly clean and the staff very friendly helpful and attentive. We had booked 3 rooms and only 2 were ready when we arrived, I asked if it would be possible to have the room I stayed in during the summer, which I had not realised was a junior suite. I was told that it would be an upgrade, but that as it was free we could have it and there would be no charge.I can't fault this hotel and enjoyed both my visis, I will certainly stay there next time I go to Barcelona.An added attraction is the wonderful 7 Sins Bar and Lounge accross the road, where the food atmosphere and people are fantastic. Go and enjoy.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>leoslass
<Content>We liked it! I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights with my husband and teenage son before a Med cruise. We arrived at Barcelona airport around 8 pm and as it was dark and we had 4 bags decided to take a taxi to the hotel for 25 Euros.The reception is small, we found the staff pleasant but they did not talk much. Our triple room on the top floor was quite compact and nicely fitted out with wood flooring, quality bed linen and an excellent bathroom. The hotel was spotlessly clean throughout.We found the room too cold with the air conditioning on, but just right with it turned off. Our room looked on to the light shaft but the bonus was it was exceptionally quiet.Breakfast was good and included in the price we paid.We found the area around the hotel OK and not at all seedy. It was just a little out of the main tourist area but we were aware of this when we booked. We went on the underground at Universitat to go to the Magic Fountains at Montjuic in the evening and found it easy and safe.We enjoyed our stay and would stay at this or another Apsis hotel again.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	3	5	3	3	4	

<Author>Atenant
<Content>Splendid Vacation       Apsis Splendid Street View  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>hawaiiansun1
<Content>Once was enough A shockingly rude manager that spoiled anything positive about the hotel. I was checking out of the hotel and was witness to the rudest manager and her confrontation with other guests that appeared to be overcharged on their bill. The women were trying to be reasonable and the manager was the coldest, rudest hotel manager that I have ever encountered in all my hotel stays around the world.Find a different hotel would be my recommendation.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	2	3	1	1	2	

<Author>Helking
<Content>Modern, Clean and Central A group of 8 of us stayed in 4 rooms at the Splendid. The rooms we had were all quiet despite a couple of them facing the front of the hotel. Our room was facing a central light well and was exceptionally quiet. All of the rooms we had ranged from reasonably sized to quite large and all were very modern and clean. The bathrooms are lovely all marble and a good size with an excellent range of toiletries and amenities for a hotel of this rating. We didn't have breakfast in the hotel as there are plenty of more reasonably priced options within walking distance including a very nice cafe across the road. The hotel is in an excellent location literally a few minutes walk from Univerity Square, where there is a metro stop. Placa de la catalunya, La Rambla, Passieg De Gracia and much more are all within easy walking distance, even Port Vell and Barceloneta can be easily reached on foot for those who like to walk a little. The only thing that I felt the hotel lacked was a lounge area although this was not a major problem it would have been nice to have somewhere we could all sit and wait to meet up. The staff were all very friendly and helpful and I would definitely recommend this hotel as it is an excellent option for the price. A couple of tips, book directly with the hotel online to get the best price. The Aerobus from the airport stops at University Sqaure a few minutes walk and is very reasonable.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>whatakik
<Content>Hotel not so Splendid after-all! I would never again stay at the Hotel Apsis Splendid or any of their other hotels. The hotel manager was unreasonable and unkind. We were charged for an extra room because of a confusing error on their website. We were never even offered the key to the room that we were charged for! We didn't even realized we were paying for the room or that the room was even booked under our name, until the next day when the deskman told us. He said this happens frequently and not to worry about it. However the following day the manager insisted we pay for the room and threatened to call the police if we didn't pay. Since we already dealt with the police when our carry-on luggage was stolen upon arrival...we knew it was a hopeless case. I called their main office, and was told someone would get right back to me...I am still waiting...haha!With all the crime, on the streets and otherwise, maybe when there aren't so many tourists going to Barcelona, they will get the message?  
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	3	3	3	1	3	

<Author>Colin330
<Content>Convenient I stayed here because I'd arranged to meet up with friends in Barcelona and they suggested it for budgetary reasons. As such it was adequate: a very spacious room (internal, so no street noise), decent quality bathroom and spotless. I just hated the bed - it was rock hard and not to my taste at all. The air con is not really adjustable - its either on and very cold, or off. You choose! Breakfast is optional and the hotel provides a reasonable and very plentiful choice for this standard of hotel. Unusually, unlimited free access to the internet is available. Useful for checking onward connections etc. A request for 24 hr turnaround on some laundry was completed the same day and to a high standard. All the various receptionists (there were quite a few rostered over a 3 day period) were all very helpful and courteous. The location is also convenient for many of the city's attractions, especially the city rover tourist bus stop. Not a flash place but if all you intend to do is use it to sleep and as your base for sightseeing etc, you won't go far wrong. But it will suit those best who like their bed to be hard!  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	2	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Alanbab
<Content>Very pleasant stay at the Splendid We stayed at the Splendid for 1 night prior to a cruise. The Hotel had been booked for us by our Cruise Agent and having read some mixed reviews on Trip Advisor we went with a very open mind.The Apsis Splendid is in no way a luxury hotel but perfectly adequate for a short stay in Barcelona. Our room was small but well appointed and on the back of the hotel with a view onto a central shaft but the bonus was the room was very quiet. The bathroom was very nice and spacious fully tiled with marble effect tiles. The shower was over the bath and there was a good range of complimentary toiletries. Everywhere was spotlessly clean.The breakfast was a simple buffet with breads, cereals some fruits and hot dishes. Since it was included in the price we had no complaints.The only problem with this hotel is that whilst it is not too far from Catalunya Square it is all too easy to get lost on the way making it quite a long walk!A warning to everyone going to Barcelona - there was a gent in the reception at the hotel calling the police to report his wallett had been stolen - having been there before and having heard numerous stories of such events we were extra cautious. Barcelona must be the pick-pocket capital of the world. My advice is if anyone stops you to speak keep walking - not very nice I know but it seems the best approach.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>inthegarden5
<Content>Thieives and Crooks They booked us for two rooms instead of one and initially told us they'd take care of it. The next day, they informed us that we would be charged for the extra room and threatened to call the police if we didn't sign the voucher and pay for it. We argued that we weren't even offered a key to this 'second' room and were never able to utilize it, but now we're being charged for it. The reservation that I printed off my computer looked so ambiguous that nobody could tell I was being charged for two rooms instead of one. I'm just curious how many visitors they pull this on. They will have to deal with my credit card company now. There are too many nice places to stay in Barcelona, I would stay clear of this place.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Calartist
<Content>Not as nice as I expected We stayed at the Apsis Splendid hotel for 2 nights in June 2008 following our Mediterranean cruise from the port of Barcelona. (It was a dream vacation!) We were also supposed to stay 1 night prior to the cruise, but our American Airlines flight was canceled and we arrived to Barcelona only hours before we were to embark the Brilliance of the Seas. Needless to say, the hotel charged us for the night even though we were a no show due to circumstances beyond our control. But that does not impact my review of this hotel.I booked with the Apsis Splendid based on the very positive reviews on Trip Advisor. I knew this hotel was not a 5 star property and that the rooms were rather small, so I had my expectations set appropriately. Overall, I was still a bit disappointed. First, the street this hotel is located on is a bit on the seedy side. It literally smelled of urine right outside the hotel. The pictures on the hotel website don't truly reflect what the hotel looks like from the outside. They must have been taken right after the shrubs were planted and the outside walls and sidewalk thoroughly cleaned with a high pressure hose and a lot of detergent.The lobby is extremely tiny--about the size of a small bedroom. There is room only for two tiny chairs from Ikea, and a tiny table for a floral arrangement, then the front desk. The personnel were overall polite and professional.The guest rooms are as tiny as our cruise stateroom. Literally, there was only room for the bed and a few suitcases. Since this is my first time in Europe, maybe my point of reference is not good. But believe me, the rooms are very, very small. The best part of the hotel is that the bathrooms are unexpectedly nice. They are tiled in marble and are very modern and clean. That is the saving grace of the Apsis Splendid: great bathrooms!We did not pay for the buffet and ate our breakfast at the local farmer's market on La Rambla. We had a 2 egg breakfast with potatoes, sausage, toast, orange juice, and coffee for 7 Euro.I imagined the hotel as being steps from La Rambla, but it is a walk to get there. It does take about 10 minutes to get to the main street. There is a bar directly across from the hotel, but it never was a problem for us. Although our window faced the street, it was quiet and we had no problem falling asleep.This hotel is very interesting in that you must insert your room key into a slot in the wall to get the electricity to work in your room. Consequently, when you leave the room, every electrical device turns off (including the air conditioning.) Only the TV and refrigerator remain operational without the key in the wall.Also, getting ice for your room is a bit of a mystery. There are no ice machines for guests, so you have to either call down stairs or go there your self. They have you wait as the scurry off somewhere and then a few minutes later, they reappear with the tiniest amount of ice. Once, the maid literally gave me a small glass with 3 ice cubes and asked if that was enough. So, they are very stingy with their ice.Another problem is the mattress. They feel very low quality and are very hard. I am used to the Hilton or Marriott mattresses in the US that make you feel like you are floating in a cloud. These mattresses are like sleeping on a piece of plywood with a little bit of padding.Regarding pick pockets in Barcelona--please be very careful with your wallet and baggage! We were warned of this, so all our money was carried in a money belt. We did not carry wallets in our pockets. One poor guest arrived at the hotel in tears, telling the front desk that she had placed her luggage down for a second to look at a map, and two guys grabbed her bags and ran off with them. She was understandably shaken. Be very careful and you should have no problems. They have all kinds of con artists--especially ones that work with accomplices that form a diversion to distract you--such as street performers or people asking for directions.So, overall, I was a little disappointed. I wanted to like this hotel and thought it would be a secret gem at a bargain price. Who knows, maybe compared with other hotels in Barcelona at this price range, it is a gem. But I think travelers should be aware of the drawbacks. I would give this place only 2 1/2 stars.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	2	3	3	3	3	

<Author>KazandEz
<Content>Great hotel in good location 22-27 June 2008Just returned from a very enjoyable trip to Barcelona staying at the Apsis Splendid Hotel. We were in Room No 308 - very spacious, internal bathroom and view out back to rear of buildings (and on a good day, man practicing his yoga on his balcony!) We arrived fairly late in the evening and were offered the choice of 2 rooms - a tiny double room (103) or twin in 308. Looking out to the rear of the hotel meant we were never disturbed by any street noise.We took the airport bus to the hotel which was very easy and only 4.05 euro single. The hotel is perfectly situated for all the sites, and about a 10 minute walk to top of the Ramblas. It is a nice size with excellent breakfasts including cereals, cold meats/cheeses, cooked (including best chorizo ever) and breads/rolls etc. Staff are friendly and very happy to give you advice and ideas of places to visit. Having read all the stories about pick-pocketers in Barca, we took every precaution possible and had no trouble!Would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>MadCityJ
<Content>Nice Location, Nice Price My wife and I enjoyed our stay at this hotel. It is centrally located in the southwestern section of the Eixample, close to most of the major sites (5-20 minute walk to most). The staff was extremely helpful and friendly and the room was clean with a great bathroom. The breakfast buffet offered is delicious - lots of different juices, coffee, milk, eggs, spanish meats and cheeses, fresh fruit , breads and pastries (Word of warning: we received a deal on the breakfast - only 7 euros - but the normal price is 14 euros. The breakfast is very good but NOT worth 14 euros. The only downside is that our room was on the Calle Muntaner side of the building and with a bar right outside the window, it can get quite noisy at night. If you are a light-sleeper ask for a room in the interior of the hotel. Overall, highly recommended for location, price and quality of room. If we are ever in Barcelona again, we would return.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	4	

<Author>retiredhikers
<Content>Traveler Beware       Narrow space at the end of the bed  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	5	4	4	-1	4	

<Author>Spanishfly711
<Content>Excellent Hotel,best value for your money A short 7 minute walk to Las Ramblas. About 25 euros from the airport. Spacious,clean bathroom,helpful front desk staff and a good variety for a buffet breakfast. Free access to a internet pc in the lobby.I would stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>arsenalrocks
<Content>A We really enjoyed our stay at the Apsis Splendid Hotel!! It was close to Ramblas and other attractions. The staff was very helpful and pleasant, especially David. He gave us dining recommendations and insights into Barcelona. There is also a computer on the first floor where you can use the Internet for free!The room was small, but it fit our needs just fine. There was a small tv and a mini bar. Across the street from the hotel is a bar/restaurant called The Seven Sins. We went there twice! They have the BEST hamburgers we have ever eaten. Alex the bartender was super friendly and very cool! The Apsis Splendid is a great bargin and wonderful hotel!  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Elaine118
<Content>Splendid Hotel Just returned from a short break with friends at the Apsis Splendid. This hotel is perfectly situated, with the Aeroport Bus only a few minutes walk away and the hotel is only about 5 minutes walk away from La Ramblas and Placa Catalunya.The hotel was very pleasant, clean and smart and the staff were very friendly and helpful. We had a second floor room at the front overlooking the square and cafe opposite which was very spacious and light, the only slight downside was the noise of the traffic in the morning, but that is expected in a city hotel. Buffet breakfast was included in our room rate which was excellent value with plenty of choice, including bacon, sausage, scrambled egg and spanish omelette, cereals, fruits, meats and cheeses, bread rolls, toast and choice of juices. All in all we felt the quality, price and value was very good for a City Hotel.If you are exploring Barcelona the Bus Turistica is a better otion than the Barcelona Tour Bus which the hotel promoted as it had three routes which you could hop-on and hop-off and tickets are available to purchase directly on the bus or at the Placa Catalunya. Barcelona is a wonderful city to explore with plenty to see and do.Dont eat on La Ramblas, we found two excellent restaurants, Les Quinze Nits in the Placa Reial and La Fonda - both excellent value. Be warned though you do have to queue!  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Richardsreviews
<Content>Clean and quiet for city centre Just off Plaza Universitat and convenient for Plaza Catalunya and The Ramblas. 5mins walk from the airport bus stop at Pl Universitat. Clean and quiet, the only noise being other guests leaving early in the morning. Good fresh breakfast, only let down by a limited selection of hot dishes. Had scrambled eggs, Spanish omlette, sausages and bacon, but no tomatoes, mushrooms or beans. Do not know about the air conditioning as we stayed there in Feb, but the hotel was warm then.Cellar de Tapas on Pl Universitat was useful for evening meals, with a varied selection of vegetarian tapas.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	3	3	

<Author>Kildare-Lilly-White
<Content>Great Hotel  This hotel is very nice and the location is excellent. Lobby small and bright. Just 5/10 minutes walk to Plaza Catalunya and Las Ramblas. We arrived on 26th December - 1st January 2008. The staff were very friendly and helpful during our stay. We stayed in room 204, very big. Bathroom was very modern and fresh towels were provided every day. Breakfast was excellent, lots of choice. This hotel is a great place to stay if you want to explore the wonderful city of Barcelona. Most of all, the location is brilliant.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>offalyhero
<Content>Location was excellent The hotel was decent. Small lobby, medium sized room, stylish bathroom but shower head was a bit dodgy.The location was perfect, couldnt have asked for better in that regard.If I was in Barcelona again I would stay here simply because the location was perfect.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	3	3	4	

<Author>fradon
<Content>Nice Place good for short stay This was a lovely hotel, went with my gilfiend, stayed for 5 days. Great place to enjoy the sites of Barca. This hotel is right beside the Universitat Metro Stop so thats great.The time we were there there was a new building being built beside us, drills started at 7 in the morning!!! Good Location, close to everything with the metro!  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>Aqueous27
<Content>Great location, not so great hotel       Outside the hotel  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>3	3	1	5	4	4	3	4	

<Author>Caprioska
<Content>Would go back to Apsis Splendid again LOCATION:Very convenient location. Walking distance to markets and Unibersitat Train stationROOMS:Rooms are very clean, new and modern. I especially liked the modern bathrooms.SERVICE:The staff were helpful and professionalFOOD:Plenty of choices for the buffet breakfastOverall, I would go back to this hotel again. It's a small boutique hotel that has good facilities and the fact that it's small adds to its charm.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Doulos
<Content>Helpful Hotel Splendid, Barcelona Stayed 20th October -23rd October. Excellent welcome. Very comfortable 3rd floor quiet room. Breakfast should suit all tastes. Local travel and dining recommondations were very helpful.My wife needed to consult doctor which was arranged by Hotel . Very concerned and helpful and also assisted in having our return flights changed. Will return to this hotel to finish our Barcelona experience.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>sterussell
<Content>great location Just returned from our stay at the Apsis Splendid. Everything positive that has been said previously about this hotel is correct. It is a geat price for a good hotel with a perfect location. The hotel is a few minutes walk from the Ramblas in a nice quiet street. It is perfect to get the Aerobus to as only 2 minutes from the stop at Universitat. The hotel staff are excellent and very helpful. The breakfast was included in the price and very good too. Very safe location and the rooms are what you would expect from this very good 3 star hotel. If it had a few more frills it could pass as a 4 star easily. Nonetheless, an excellent city hotel. We travel extensively, and this hotel does what it says on the tin. Free internet access a winner too. Don't hesitate, book it today.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kitzexpat
<Content>Great location, very nice hotel We recently spent 4 nights at the Apsis Splendid. We found the location to be very convenient, just steps from the Placa Univesitat stop of the Airport bus, close to the Metro and within a short walk from the Ramblas. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The room was spacious, clean and modern and had a safe which we rented for Euro 3 per day and a conveniently priced minibar. We did not book the breakfast but had our breakfasts at the bar across the street, which provided for a nice and inexpensive local experience. Overall a very positive experience. We would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>georgegorilla
<Content>Highly recommended hotel Good points:* Breakfasts were included in our deal (booked on Opodo) and they were excellent: a choice of cereals, breads, muffins and pastries, fruit, cold meats and cheeses, bacon and eggs, all set out on a help yourself buffet.* All staff were really friendly and helpful.* There鈥檚 a computer with free internet access on the first floor.* Handy location near to the Pla莽a Universitat (and the airport bus stop! Also a metro station, although we didn鈥檛 use the underground). It鈥檚 just a few minutes鈥?walk to Pla莽a Catalunya and Las Ramblas.* The room had a mini bar fridge which you can use for your own drinks and snacks.The not-so-good points:* Room safes are not included in the room rate (I always think it鈥檚 a bit cheeky to charge you extra for use of a safe, even if it is only 3鈧?a day).* We arrived prior to check-in time and were told we could leave our luggage in reception while we went out for lunch. There is always a receptionist on duty, but I didn鈥檛 like the fact that our luggage wasn鈥檛 stored away in a separate room.On the whole, though, the good points far outweigh the not-so-good points, and I would recommend this as a great base for exploring Barcelona.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>db1873
<Content>Good hotel,Great location We stayed at the Apsis Splendid for 5 nights at the start of September. The hotel has a great location very close to the Universitat metro stop. If arriving by bus from BCN the aerobus 1 stops at Placa Universitat and the hotel is a short walk away.Our first room was a double and was quite small but it was clean and nicely decorated. We were wakened at 7:30 on the second morning of our stay by water dripping from the ceiling in the bathroom. This was in no way the fault of the hotel as the above floor is not part of the hotel. We were immediately moved to a twin room on the same floor which was actually a much bigger room so we were happy with the result. The hotel is about 5 mins walk from Placa Catalunya and Las Ramblas but is far enough away so that a good nights sleep should be no problem. There is an open top tourbus literally around the corner and tickets can be puchased at hotel reception. They are 鈧?0 for 1 day or 鈧?4 for 2 consecutive days. This is a great way to see Barcelona's main attractions and would be recommended if this is your first visit to Barcelona.The best way to get about Barcelona however is by the metro. A single journey will cost 鈧?,25 per person but there are multiple journey tcikets available. The one that we used was the T-10 ticket. This gives the user 10 journeys for a price of 鈧?,90 euros and can be used by more than one person.We didn't eat breakfast in the hotel as there are loads of cafes close by. I would recommend this hotel to friends and family and would stay here again if travelling to Barcelona. I would also recommend booking as far in advance as possible as the hotel went up in price three times whilst we tried to decide on a hotel.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>bustermacdog
<Content>Nice Hotel for the Price We got a great price through the hotel's website. We stayed here before and after a cruise we took leaving from Barcelona's port.This had a great location. It was close enough to Las Ramblas to be convenient to walk, but far enough away from the action so that we weren't kept up all night by the action of the city.If I were staying for more than two nights, I might pick a more luxurious hotel, but for two nights, it was great. The bathrooms were nice and big. The beds weren't super comforable, but the room size was great.The lobby is super, super tiny. There is free internet access on the second level just outside the breakfast room.Skip breakfast at the hotel, though. There are plenty of other places to get great breakfasts that cost less.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>debstah
<Content>Good, not Great       room - small but clean and fine  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>Ralf-Sommer
<Content>Very good hotel. Will come again! We have been there for 4 nights:Very good location, Very clean, friendly and helpful stuff.Bit noisy with open window, but there麓s an a/c.Brilliant breakfast (7 euro booked in advance).  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>kiwiabroad100
<Content>Great place to stay Our first visit to Barcelona, we were not sure about condition of the hotel or its location, but judging by the mainly positive reviews we thought we would give it a shot. We were very impressed with every aspect of this hotel. Rooms were comfortable, but not big, but who spends time in their room anyway. Staff were friendly and spoke very good english, as our spanish was poor! We always felt safe and secure that our possesions would not be tampered with, safe was an extra charge at 3 euro per day. But most of all the location was perfect. A short stroll from Las Ramblas but still far enough away to ensure a good nights sleep.I will definitely stay at this hotel on my next trip to Barcelona. Hopefully that isn't too far away!  
<Date>Jun 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JoeyCocoLoco
<Content>Helen's 40th Birthday Gift Just returned from a four day stay at the Aspis Spledid Hotel as a gift to my wife for her birthday. The location is splendid and you are totally safe . The hotel is small and functional and i would suggest that you take up the breakfast offer . There was no checking of how much breakfast you ate and i eat quite a big brekkie! The hotel was very clean and the staff very helpful. I would not hesitate to stay here again. Great and easy location.Watch where u eat at La Ramblas as some places rip u off for drinks ,,,,,,,,,,,eat at the Pizza / pasta restaurant at the top of La Ramblas .....4 bottles of wines , three courses about 140 euros (4 people) ..good value great food ......good service ......nice place . Lower down in la Ramblas , 4 large beers , two sangrias and four baguettes = 92 euros !!!Watch out for pickpockets but so long as u use your head , NO Problem !! However someone we met at the hotel was lifted 1 st day . Great place , great hotel , (so long as u are not looking for 4 star)  
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>ricandj
<Content>good stay in barcelona Clean,comfortable good bed. We appreciated being offered either the quiet of a back room with no view or afront room with a view but noisy. The front desk staff were excellent, particularly Alex. Excellent linguistics skills. Free map of the city with highlighted tourist points.Recommend the Aerobus from the airport, only 3.90E per person, twenty minutes to Place Universitat. Have to catch it from Place Catalunya for the return.Public transport is fast cheap and on time. With good information.The hotel looked after our luggage pending our late afternoon flight. Breakfast is good and is served until 10:30.No tea making facilities in the room, tho these are available until 10:30pm in the dining room.Lots of easy places to eat nearby. Well located for all major attractions  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>mikemo
<Content>Similar experience Stayed two nights in early May prior to a Med cruise.Location, breakfast, price and staff all wonderful.View of many local apartment buildings.Airport Taxi was 24 Euro for 2 with 5 bags.  
<Date>May 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>oysterman
<Content>Really enjoyable stay Booked 4 nights at the splendid. read the reviews from this site, so thought we would give it a go. First impressions were pleasing.The receptionist were very quick at booking us in. Hotel has a lift. The rooms even though quite small, was clean  decor not too bad.Every day towels exchanged  room cleaned.When we booked hotel you had choice of having b/fast @ half price. we did that, very nice as well, did not see the food police about. Eat as much as you could.We did the touristic bus for 2 days 23 euros each. Got to see all the sites. We also took the train to montserrat (spectacular) Last 2 days we used the metro, very quick  efficient. It takes a bit of time to get the right trains. Only minor hiccup was we got the bus from airport into city got off at universitat(splendid hotel 5 mins walk). On the way home we went to the place where it dropped us off not realising it does not pick up there  you have to go to Pl catalunya for it.If you like seafood we had a fantastic meal at El Barca Salamanca @ Port Olympic. They brought the food out to you before cooking it, you cannot get any fresher than that..Overall a great time, weather was superb, our feet ache but well worth it  
<Date>May 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>amacdonald22
<Content>'Splendid' location, but don't expect a room with a view! We stayed at the Splendid for three nights early April and thoroughlyenjoyed our stay. The location is great, just five minutes walk from Las Ramblas with lots of bars, shops and restaurants nearby, The tourbus terminus is just around the corner, with tickets available from reception....a bargain at 24 euros for two days. We found the hotel very relaxing and informal. The staff friendly and helpful (not a breakfast policeman in sight!!). The food was fine, varied and plentiful, and the free pc with internet access came in useful. The room was fine, medium sized with well equipped bathroom and comfortable bed. The view was basically back yards and washing lines,just about what you would expect from a city centre hotel. The TV hadCNN, several Spanish channels and one showing movies in English. It also had two further 'in house' channels showing films of an Adult nature, quite a shock when you're flicking through the stations early in the morning! Hardcore stuff, so parents with young kids be warned!  
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>lfm-7
<Content>good location We stayed at the apsis splendid for three nights and found the location excellent. Handy for tourist spots but not right in the thick of things so not too noisy. Hotel plus points. Location. Rooms basic but clean. Our room on the third floor was spacious. Breakfast excellent. Well worth booking in advance to get half price rate. Some of the food was not that hot (if its been out on the self service counter for a while) watch out for the fresh dishes being put out. Plenty of choice with fresh fruits, ham, cheeses, cereals and english breakfast staples. Negatives. No view at all from room. Windows looked out onto other facing windows. This made the room seem dark at all times. Not too much of a problem as we spent so little time in the room. Basically it was just somewhere to sleep. Bathroom toiletries were half empty when we arrived so had already been used by someone else. Didn't get replaced until our last night. So use sparingly! When checking in they don't tell you that you have to pay extra for room safe (3 euros a night) so you go all the way up to your room and then have to come down again to sort out. Would be better if they just told you at the start.The best bit about the hotel was the reception staff who could not have been more helpful. Joseph and Albert in particular. Nothing was too much trouble. They gave lots of helpful advice on where to go etc.From the aiport in taxi cost 27 euros for 4 people and 4 small cases (cases are extra) though our meter was already running when we got in it. Not sure if this is normal practice. We decide to brave the bus going back as by then we were more aware of our bearings. Bus goes from nearby square (5-10mins away) and costs 3.90 euros each. Buses run very regularly.We did the Barcelona open top bus tour (orange bus) which I was disappointed with. Commentary was by headphones which was a little boring. Noticed another bus company were doing live commentary which I would have preferred. Wished we had done that one.Fountains of Montjuic were worth seeing. Try to go at night to get a better effect as they use lights as well as music. La Ramblas very interesting at all times. Lots of live entertainment. Watch out for the naked man walking through the crowds wearing only a pair of tattooed trunks. Not for the faint hearted! Loved the food (fruit/meat/fish etc) market off La Ramblas, very colourful and plenty of choice. The prawns there are fantastic.Overall Barcelona is great. It has everything......the history, the marina, the beach, hundreds of bars and restaurants and PLENTY OF SHOPS!!!  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>Dee_202
<Content>Great Hotel - couldn't fault it at all We stayed in this hotel last weekend and I have to say it was a great experience. It is a small hotel located about 10 minutes walk from La Ramblas which was perfect. The room was small but spotlessly clean and the free toiletries in the bathrooms are a lovely touch. Our room was also cleaned every day while we were there. The thing that made this hotel that little bit extra special were the guys on reception - they could not have been more friendly or helpful. Whether it was recommending traditional tapas restaurants or giving us directions, they went out of their way to be helpful and polite which came in handy as we were first time visitiors to the city who needed guidance to find our way around.The breakfast is also very good, they have most things you could want and its a buffet so you can have as much as you want. You can also have breakfast brought to your room.Overall I was extremely pleased with this hotel. The location is excellent, you are close to everything but also away from the hustle and bustle of the Ramblas. I got excellent rates directly from the hotel's website so I would recommend that you do this.If you are looking for luxury then this might not suit you but if you want a reasonably priced, comfortable and spotlessly clean hotel in a central location then I would highly recommend Apsis Splendid!.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Glauber
<Content>wrong information When we booked this hotel they said us that there was heating in the rooms, for our suprise when we arrived at 8 pm, 13 degrees centigrades in the Barcelona, they told us that the city was caliente and it wouldn麓t be necessary heating. We insisted, they said that they would turn it on, but the temperature continued too cold, we had to take shower and wearing cold clothes, and sleep in a cold bed. we don麓t recomend this hotel to anybody.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	3	3	3	1	4	

<Author>Fweg
<Content>Great hotel My friend and I stayed at the Apsis Hotel in Barcelona for 5 nights at the beginning of March. We found the hotel a little difficult to find although this was probably our own fault, not figuring it out before hand and not being very good at reading a map! We got the bus from the airport which was easy and got off at the Universitat stop, it was cheap but if you are like us and get lost easily I would recommend geting a taxi, we did this on the way home and it was roughly 鈧?5, this was much easier.We were really pleased with the hotel, the Reception staff were friendly at all times, our room was very clean and cleaned every day during our stay. We didn't have a very good view from our room, just neighbouring walls but as we were out and about all the time this didn't matter. Once we got our bearings the hotel was very well situated, was about 10-15 mins walk from Las Ramblas and only 5 mins from the metro which was used for a few days. You can buy a ticket that you can use 10 times in one zone and we found it didn't expire after a day and ended up being able to use it for 3 days, which came in very handy when our feet were aching.I would recommened the bus tour as this is a great way to see the best sites in the city. We tried seeing the sites ourselves for a few days and didn't see as much as we did on our 1 day on the bus and gets pretty tiring doing it on foot! The bus does get quite busy but is definatly worth it.The evenings we mainly stayed around Las Ramlas area as this was close to our hotel and where we found plenty of restaurants. We did eat in one restaurant on Las Ramblas (its upstairs and looks posh) that we were quite disappointed with, we had to wait 20 mins for our table but as it looked so nice we didn't mind. We then waited a while for our food and when mine arrived it was cold and was very very small, my friend and I were left quite hungry! We then went for drinks and were pleased when we got some nibbles to go with them.Overall we had a really good city break, weather was sunny, hotel was lovely, good value for money and flights were a bargain at only 拢23 each!  
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Lindsey111
<Content>Great location, helpful staff I have just returned from a long weekend with my family at the Apsis Splendid and have high praise for this three-star hotel.Our rooms were very clean, as were all of the public areas. The staff at reception were extremely helpful and made us feel welcome. The buffet breakfast was excellent and plentiful, and included cooked (scrambled eggs, sausages and bacon), continental (ham and cheese), fresh fruit, rolls, croissants, muesli and much more. Staff refilled dishes continually and we felt free to eat as much as we wanted. The hotel is in a great location and we felt safe at all times. The Ramblas is within walking distance and the metro and bus stops are close by at Universitat and the Plaza Catalunya.My parents had a very nice room overlooking the street and were not troubled by the sound of traffic, as some reviewers have mentioned. I had a room that overlooked an inner courtyard - not much of a view and the room was quite dark, but it was quiet and very cosy. We spent so little time in the hotel and everything else was so good that it really didn't matter.As others have mentioned, the rooms are not that soundproof. We stayed from Thursday til Sunday and I was concerned that the hotel might be noisy over the weekend, but it was absolutely fine and we were not disturbed at all.I booked the rooms last November through Expedia and got a very good rate (80 euros per room for Thursday, and 90 euros for Friday and Saturday). If you book through the hotel's own website you can get a 50% reduction on the cost of breakfast (7 euros - good value). I would definitely stay at the Apsis Splendid again.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>F1ona
<Content>Above Average 3 Star Hotel The location was ideal and the standards were above average for a 3 star hotel. However, there was one hiccup on arrival when we were told there was a problem with some of the rooms, there was no hot water, this would be fixed by later that evening. They had booked us into their neighbouring Apsis 40 Hotel that night and we could check into our room at the Apsis Splendid the following morning. They weren't prepared to compensate much, despite our attempts, all we got was free breakfast!  
<Date>Mar 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>annapucci
<Content>Very pleasant stay indeed I checked out the previous reviews before booking. I noticed the recent works in the hotel so contacted them by e-mail before hand and as a result we had a very quiet room indeed at the back of the hotel.I disagree entirely re pregvious comments about breakfast. There was ample food, from fruit, cereal, yoghurts, cheese and ham, to cooked english food. We had no sense of food being policed; the staff stood by to refill empty dishes.We felt entirely safe in this pleasant university area, close to La Rambla and Placa de Catalunya. The metro is close. There are many good restaurants nearby. We especially liked the hotel recommended Celler de Tapas. We were travelling with 2 small children, one with special needs, and the staff could not have been more helpful.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>expats
<Content>Great Value The hotel is in a great location and easy to walk to Las Ramblas, Gaudi buildings and the Gothic Quarter. We felt safe at all times. We opted for the breakfast and it was well worth it - huge spread of hot and cold items. We traveled with our infant and the hotel was very accommodating - upgraded us to a large room and set up a travel cot. The staff was helpful and gave us maps and good recommendations for eating. Our only complaint was that the rooms aren't completely soundproof and you can hear activity in other rooms.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>rotrav
<Content>Medium quality hotel I have to agree with janemack; we stay in the same period and with the same problems, especially the buffet police issue. Very small room, just a few TV channels; for using the minisafe, is a fee of 3 euros/day - not so much, so I advise everyone to make this choice.After all, not so bad experience; the street (Cale de Muntaner) is a safe one, and just across the hotel is a small and friendly restaurant, not overpriced.In the morning, you can find a good choice of various coffes in Jamaica Cafe, which is at 5 minutes walking from hotel, near Universidad.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>janemack
<Content>Don't bother if you're looking for a rest ! We have just returned from a 4night, 4 day trip to Barcelona, staying at the Apsis Splendid. We arrived late but were welcomed by the staff on duty who spoke very good English. Our room was very small ( 3rd floor ) and overlooked the washing lines, complete with washing for the residents of the area ! The bed was very hard and had a delightful rubber sheet on it so we were forced to lay a blanket over it for comfort. The bathroom was nicely done out but again very small. You had to stand at an angle to close the door behind you ! The deal we booked ( which was very good value ) with Go2Spain included breakfast every day. The breakfast area is very bright and spacious, the buffet is fantastic but is was guarded with what we termed the 'Breakfast Police' ! Every day, without fail, one of the staff stood guard over the food ! As soon as one left, another replaced them on guard !We found it incredibly uncomfortable so much so that the last day we didn't bother. There were signs up saying that food must not be taken out of the room - fat chance ! The Hotel was very noisy, lots of comings and goings throughout the night and early hours but the worst was yet to come - at 07.35 on the third morning, the WORK began - bang, bang, bang, drilling, electric saws coming from what we thought was the room next door - on further inspection it was on every floor ! There were dust sheets, paint, wooden flooring, furniture everywhere you looked ! We obviously complained at reception but they didn't have any rooms that weren't part of the Refurb ! We returned for a nap at 17.30 only to find them still hard at it ! Our request for a later start time was agreed - they manged to wait until 08.00 the last morning of our stay !!If still wanting to stay here, I suggest you wait until the work is finished - if you want any sleep.The plus side for us was the location, a safe, short walk to Las Ramblas.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	4	3	2	4	

<Author>SanFranExplorer
<Content>Good hotel, could have been better.......       Apsis Splendid Bath 2  
<Date>Jan 20, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	5	2	4	3	4	

<Author>STBK1998
<Content>Great Hotel! I'd stay there again!!! I booked my room in July for my stay in November. The hotel is in a good neighborhood that is within walking distance to many of the Barcelona tourist sites. Upon checking in, the hotel staff immediately welcomed me and said that they were expecting me. The hotel staff speak English and they are very very helpful, knowledgeable, and pleasant.The rooms are clean and the bathroom is spacious. My room faced the street, so it got noisy, especially when I opened the windows, so if you plan to stay here then ask for a room that doesn't face the street.The hotel is very close to the Universitat (sp?) metro stop, and within walking distance to Psg. de Gracia (Casa Batllo, Casa Mila, shopping!) and La Rambla. It took me about 10-15 minutes to walk back.The only thing I didn't like about the hotel is that they ask you to leave your key with the front desk when you leave. Other than that it's a splendid (no pun intended!) place to stay and I highly recommend it.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>InMiami
<Content>Great value if you reserve ahead.       Quiet room but no view  
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	4	4	5	

<Author>OKAussie
<Content>happy located tourist This hotel was perfect for our needs - luxurious, clean, beautiful big bathroom, comfy beds - staff were nice  reasonably helpful - they did have their limits though. As proved by our lost luggage which they failed to follow up on our behalf. Plus they gave a card for a dodgy restaurant where you receive a free glass of wine but we never got our FREE glass. However, on complaining to Apsis about their recommendation they gave us a lovely free bottle of champagne. Not bad hey! Meanwhile, back to the hotel - easy location to walk or metro just about anywhere. There's a lift to your room, we took our own breakfast (they gave us some milk) so didn't try their food. Very happy with our choice, only wished we'd stayed longer.We booked over venere  this proved a good cheaper alternative too. Highly recommend Apsis Splendid!  
<Date>Nov 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>TooWheaty
<Content>Splendid was... Splendid We just returned from our first European vacation (Western Mediterranean cruise) and stayed at the Apsis Splendid before and after. For the money (reasonable) this was a great hotel with very nice, clean rooms, beautiful bathrooms, free internet (shared station) and very friendly, helpful staff. We were quite happy that it was a 5 minute walk from the major hustle and bustle of La Rambla and Playa del Catalunya, but still very safe and accessible near the university. To anyone looking for comfort but still good value, and likes being a bit out of the centre of the craziness for their accommodation (but still walkable), Apsis Splendid was fantastic.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>vipster187
<Content>Brilliant Little hotel for the price Found this hotel to be a lovely place to stay while in Barcelona. It was a 10 minute walk from La Ramblas, which is far enough to remove all of the problems of staying right in the centre, and close enough to keep all the benefits such as shopping, eating, site seeing etc. the rooms are a little small but very clean and the bathrooms are immaculate. The staff are very nice and there is free internet access on the first floor. The common room is a great touch as we relaxed in there for part of last day as we checked out at 12pm and our flight was at 10pm. Overall, a great place to stay while in the city, fully recommended.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>rrie2
<Content>comfortable, modern, great location Earlier this month, stayed at the Apsis Hotel Splendid in Barcelona. Just a five minute walk from Plaza Catalunya, the Splendid is the smallest of the Apsis hotel chain in Barcelona. While the rooms are smallish, they are very modern, clean and well appointed. The staff is accommodating and English speaking. We would not hesitate to book there in the future. In fact we tried to book also for the following week (we were to cruise the Mediterranean and return to Barcelona), and unfortunately were completely booked. But they did refer us to their sister hotel nearby, the Atrium Palace, also just steps from Plaza Catalunya, is superb even if a little pricier.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>newexperiences
<Content>Booker Beware! Be careful to ascertain exactly how much they charge when booking on the hotel's website. We booked for 6 days and we were supposed to get a 15% discount when staying for three ormore days, We did not get it. My husband mentioned this when the time came to pay (taxi waiting for trip to airport) and they claimed they did not offer such a discount. Unfortunately, my husband signed the charge slip and off we went.. Upon advising Vsa and forwarding them their web adlisting this discount., they advised us since we signed the charge slip, we had to pay it. I am very sorry we did not use the American Express card as they are on the side of their member and not the purveyor. Lesson learned the hard way. $149.00 out of pocket.I would never stay at an Apsis again.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	2	3	3	3	3	

<Author>HT1
<Content>Good choice Spent one night on a quick stop in Barcelona. Had two rooms booked as there were four of us but the hotel had over booked and offered us a family room with three beds and two bathrooms. This was fine at and we saved the cost of one room. Location is great. Within walking distance to metro, la rambla etc. Bathrooms in hotel are on par with five star hotel. Would certainly stay again.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Bunkle
<Content>Splendid, as the name suggests... I stayed in this hotel for four days in June of this year (2006) and found it to be a great base for exploring Barcelona.The hotel is very clean and comfortable and the staff are very helpful. Located just five minutes walk from the top of the Ramblas it is the perfect location to get around the city. The metro is only a minute away and the airport bus stopped at University Square which made it very easy to get in from the airport.I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SparrowHawk
<Content>Good Experience Here Spent 2 nights in the Splendid hotel June 7th and 8th and found the overall experience very good. We asked for a 3rd floor room which didn't face on to the street and slept very comfortably with little or no noise. Our rates where 110 for Wed nite 120 for Thr nite for a reasonable room size and biggest bathroom. The aircon was excellent and we had to leave it off the second night even though temps outside was 24C.Locationwise very good also , 2 mins to the University Metro which gets you every where. Buy a 10 tripper ticket for about 6.45Euro and you can used as a combination ticket ie 2 trips by just passing back to your mate/wife/friend etc.. = 5 trips X 2 peopleOverall staff nice also. You can walk to Ramblas in 5 mins also from Hotel.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent location I stayed here from Thurs 1 June - Sun 4 June with my wife and my parents. We arrived on Thursday night @ 10pm approx. Best to get the bus from the airport to the Universtat stop (3rd stop) - very cheap. But be careful - make sure you are ready to get off at your stop as the the drivers literally wait for 5 secs.Check-in was easy and we were in our rooms within 5 minutes of arriving. Dropped off luggage and had some food in the cafe on corner (La Caterunda - I think) where it is very cheap. The usual range of cafe food from burgers to tapas. Cafes are open till late.La Ramblas is about 10 minute walk away and the hotel is ideally located for all the shops, restaurants and bars. We got breakfast on La Ramblas for reasonable prices.There are 2 types of bus tours - we went on the Orange bus which basically goes round Barcelona in the one trip. Lasted about 2 1/2 hours. Cost 24 euro each for a 2 day pass (recommended as 1 day pass costs 19 euro). View from the Olympic diving pool over the city is fantastic. There is another bus tour but this covers red and blue zones so you have to basically use two buses to see the whole of Barcelona.We had a great time round Barcelona and even went to the beach, which is a lot bigger than I expected. Recommend the Bara Beach Bar which is just under the Twin Towers. Food is good value and get large amounts.Overall we had an excellent time and would definitely stay at the Apsis Splendid again.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>the_lowdown
<Content>loved it! This hotel is in a great location, central but on a relatively small street. Our room was on the 2nd floor facing an alley so it was very quiet. My husband and I were pleasantly surprised at how nice the room was for a 2-star. It looked newly renovated, including the bathroom. The bathroom had double sinks and even a biday. The room was large and included a sitting area, TV and safe. A great deal!  
<Date>May 22, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Madie99
<Content>Splendid is Fab Stayed at this lovely hotel in may with my boyfriend. We really enjoyed our stay there, it was clean, friendly and very central. Bedrooms are very nice with lovely bathrooms we had a back room on 2nd floor and found this room to be rather quiet. We didnt have breakfast in the hotel but Starbucks is not far from the Hotel if you love your coffee go there. Great way to see the city is to take the tour bus, you can hop on and hop off as much as you like and for a 2 day pass it is only 22 euro. Well worth it..... and go to the stadium even if your not a fan you will enjoy it like I did....Lovely bar called cafe zurich is worth a look and cheap for drinks i.e 8 euro for 2 large drinks unlike la Rambla where 2 drinks even by day cost us 23 euro, dont get ripped off but la rambla is fab all the same.  
<Date>May 18, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>had a lovley time. perfect location I had no problems at all when staying at this hotel. The room was always clean and tidy and there was minimul noise from the street. we we on the 2nd floor. we had breakfast included and the food was lovely plenty of selction. The location was perfect. A block away was the metro stop and we fould a lovely bar which we visted every night. It was opposite the university. The Ramblas is a very short walk away and so it the contempery art museum. Had a fabulous time and we will be visting again as this is where my partner and i got engaged!  
<Date>May 8, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Fields of Athenry
<Content>Great Choice Stayed here for 4 nights before Easter-chose hotel based on previous reviews on Trip Advisor, recommendation by Lonely Planet, and an excellent price (鈧?5 per night without breakfast) for a central Barcelona hotel.Hotel is very convenient to Airport bus when arriving-bus (鈧?.75 each) stops at Gran Via-Universitat. From there walk back on Gran Via for 100 metres, turn left into Calle Muntaner and hotel is left hand side of street.Arrived before 12 noon but there was no problem checking in. Front desk was very friendly and helpful at all times and offered us a choice of a bright room in the front of the hotel or a dark quiet room in the rear. We took the quiet room knowing how noisy Spanish cities can be late at night and figuring that we wouldn't be spending many daylight hours in the room. The room was quiet,was clean and perfectly adequate. It was cleaned each day but we returned on the last day we were there at 4.30pm- after a long and warm day walking intending to get showered and changed before going to see La Font Magica in front of Palau Nacional (don't miss this)and then on for a meal-and the room hadn't been serviced. We went back out and returned at 6.30pm. and all was perfect-think this was purely a glitch given that the day (Good Friday) was a public holiday. We didn't have breakfast in hotel so can't comment on quality or price. There is coffee/hot water/teabags all day in the breakfast room and internet (slow) access on a computer outside the breakfast room.The hotel is conveniently located -the Universitat metro station is about 200 metres away, Placa de Catalunya and the Ramblas about 10 minutes walk, and La Barcelonetta is about a 30 minute walk. Returning to the Airport the best option is probably a taxi as the Airport bus departs from Placa de Catalunya outside El Corte Ingles-and the train also departs from there. It would be possible to take the metro from Universtad (lifts to platform) to Catalunya (lifts from platform to street level).Would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Its splendid at The Apsis Splendid For a 2/3 star hotel, we found this hotel to be very good. It is 10 minutes walk to the Rambla`s, the Metro and other pick up points. The rooms are clean and comfortable, the maid service very good. TV is all Spanish but for BBC24. There is a little noise from adjacent rooms; but as always, that depends really on the courtesy of other guests.Free internet access on the single PC at first floor level, was a bonus.The only downside was that breakfast at 13 euro is a bit steep. Turn right out of the hotel, and keep bearing right to a nice little cafe La Catarunda (?), EXCELLENT english breakfast for under 5 euro.A good tip is to catch the airport bus, 3.75 euro each. Ask for the University Square, and its 10 mins walk to the hotel.Our 3rd trip to Barca, and we`ll certainly go back.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>happyherts
<Content>Good location and excellent value We Stayed in the Apsis Splendid for 3 nights in March 2006. The hotel is ideally located for the aerobus with the Universitat bus stop only a few hundred metres from the hotel. The location is perfect, about a 10 minute stroll to Placa de Catalunya and La Ramblas. The area around the hotel is perfectly safe and we were quite happy walking back around midnight to the hotel. We was a bit worried that it might be a bit noisy from what we had read from other reports but we had a room on the 3rd floor and we had no complaints about any noise.We paid 85 euros a night without breakfast which for the location and quality of the hotel was excellent value for money. The rooms were a good size and very clean.I would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good All rounder Stayed in the Apsis Splendid for 3 nights starting on 28/02/06. Found the location to be ideal, jus a few minutes to the Universitat metro and about 10 minutes walk to La Ramblas. Had a room on the third floor and could not complain about anything, it was clean and towels etc changed every day! Area around the hotel felt pretty safe also when arriving back at night. Overall an excellent and pleasant base to see Barcelona.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>machar
<Content>Fantastic place! This place was wonderful.We found it on here and couldn't have been happier with it. We got an amazing rate for the location and quality of the hotel. Our room was huge and the bathroom seemed even bigger. Modern, very clean and very very nice. The location was amazing being literally a 5 min walk from Placa de Catalunya(?) - the heart of Barcelona.We were there on a room only basis and therefore can't comment on the food but there were plenty of places roundabout to grab a bite to eat including a great German themed place believe it or not!The noise from outside was okay for us (several other people have commented on it). Barcelona truly never sleeps and is a noisy city in general so it is going to be noisy. We never had a problem with it.I would recommend this hotel to anyone as I was over the moon with it!  
<Date>Feb 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>metrobird
<Content>It's OK         
<Date>Feb 27, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>NITraveller
<Content>Apis - Hit or Miss Had a two night break in Barcelona and stayed at Apis Spendid. Booked it on the strength of reviews on this site,however recent ones were not so good. Got a taxi from airport to hotel in about 20 mins and taxi cost 25euro.The hotel has a small reception but this is not a problem. Staff were very friendly though we had no need to deal with them other than our key.The hotel is a close to the main areas but could be closer.The rooms are a good size and bathrooms have double sinks, bath with shower and are a good size.The hotel is a 3 *** but should be a 3 *** plus. (not 4 ****) Breakfast is served in first floor dining room and is self service and quite good.Could not find the hotel bar.I visited the Jazz Hotel and this is were I would stay if going to Barcelona again,though I think a 3 night visit is enough.The city is big and I would compare it to London and San Fransico. I did feel uncomfortable on some of the side streets of La Ramblas.Went to two restaurants for diner; 7 Portes very over rated and over priced and another restaurant that we came across by chance Safia 18, which is a lovely restaurant on the Carrer Ample.We also enjoyed a few pre diner drinks at a nearby bar Guru BCN. Well worth a visit.We enjoyed a lovely lunch in a lively restaurant ba ba reeba on Passeig de Gracia , which where the best shops are.Overall Apis Spendid was a reasonablly priced hotel with all that you would need for a brief stay. However try booking The Jazz first.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Dolly21
<Content>Good value, great location We have just come back from spending 3 nights at this hotel. We booked it after reading some of the reviews here. If you're looking for cleanliness, efficiency and city centre location, then it meets all three requirements. Initially, I was apprehensive about the staff after reading some comments. We had no problems. My only qualm was that we booked a double room and got two singles pushed together, when I requested a room change to meet our booking requirements, the only one available was room 101 (ominous) which had a 4 foot bed and I suspect is used as a default room to deter guests from changing rooms. Found we could hear other guests in adjoining rooms very clearly.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2006
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Non-gamblerLasVegas
<Content>Stay away Briefly, this hotel has a big prolem: its manager. She refused to accept my cancellation and charged me for one night even though I cancelled way before the deadline after which they charge you. Unreasonable, unehtical and unreliable. Not customer-friendly at all.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DBRON
<Content>Good location, unfriendly, but efficient service The location of the this place was great. The room was nice, but walls paper thin. You get used to the noise. Depending on who was working, some of the staff members were very unfriendly and almost rude. If we had any basic questions, we just went to the tourist office or asked other business owners nearby, they were much friendlier. Would only recommend this place because of its location and price.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent We stayed in the Apsis Splendid Hotel for 4 nights with our 13month old daughter. The twin room that we booked was good size with everything you could ask for. The location of the hotel is amazing, just 5 minute walk will have you in the Plaza de Catalunya. We would definately stay there again and will recommend it to our friends!  
<Date>Nov 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>razzberry
<Content>A good value in a good location I booked this hotel because of the price, location and reviews at this website. I was pleasantly satisfied. It is very well located to a main metro station, there are a number of excellent restaurants in the area and the staff is above average. It was easy to get to many of the main tourist attractions without feeling you couldn't get away from the hustle and bustle. We used them to recommend dining spots both during the day and for dinner and were never disappointed. The rooms are simple, but quite clean and the a/c really works and it's quiet. The beds were very comfortable and the bathrooms large and spotless. I thought I had lost my purse the last day, and the woman at the front desk could not have been more helpful including calling the police station to file a report. It turned out to be a false alarm and I think she was just as happy and relieved as I was. Breakfast was quite nice and served in a comfortable and cheery breakfast room. A good value for sure.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great staff, quiet location and good value My wife and I stayed in this hotel for 4 days in late September with our 16 month old son in a family room. The room was a great size for the 3 of us, spotlessly clean with a huge bathroom. Breakfast was excellent with a good choice. The location was ideal, being in a quite side street but only a short stroll from the Place Catelunya. The best thing of all was the staff who couldn't be more friendly or accomodating.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Bearable1
<Content>Great hotel, Fantastic value for money, high quality. Stayed in Barcelona 3 times previous, and this is the best hotel by far.We paid 82 Euro per night, twin room with breakfast. Staff were friendly and accomodating as soon as we arrived. We requested a room with a view, this they supplied at no extra cost.Room was very spacious and clean. Beds were comfortable. Room had TV with many channels for all languages.Barcelona was very hot during our stay, within 2 minutes of switching the air conditioner on, the room felt like a fridge. Couldn't ask for more really.Good maid service everyday. Hotel was very clean.We stayed 3 nights said we would stay again. Location is great, not too far away from Las Ramblas and near the metro.Judging by hotels i have paid a lot more for in Barcelona in the past, you can't go wrong with this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>apple&pearMelbourne
<Content>Lovely rooms, Great Hotel, Good location Great Hotel. We stayed for three nights in a standard double room for $80 EURO per night (booked on ratestogo). Great value. Room was at front of hotel, non-smoking, overlooking the street. Lovely and big, bathroom was beautiful with good shower as mentioned. No noise problems for us. Room had minibar which was good, and a safe in the room.Found staff to be fine. Didn't have any problems feeling safe in Barcelona, just stay aware and be precautious.Hotel is very close to La Rambla, near Placa Universitat. Head to Placa Catalunya then NORTH up Pg de Gracia to see a lovely tree lined boulevard, lots of cafe/restaurants, and great shopping as you reach the top end near Av Diagonal. Also, deffinetely head to La Sagrada Familia (Gaudi's half finished church around 2.5km northeast of hotel) - we weren't going to, but were really pleased that we did - it is really inspiring and we recommend the AUDIO GUIDES which are very informative and make the experience much more in depth.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointing We booked this hotel months before our arrival, asking for a twin room. It appears clearly in the confirmation form that the hotel sent us by mail.However when we arrived our room was a double with one bed. We asked for a change or a solution to our problem and the answer of the staff was incredibly rude, and they didnt make a single effort to give us the room we had booked.Then we inform them that we were not going to have breakfast at the hotel, due to the bad service they were giving to us, and they said it was imposible to change the bill.So they could change the conditions of the reservation, but we couldnt!!!!All this inconveniences made our stay there very uncomfortable.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Splendid Indeed A friend and I decided to stay at the Hotel Apsis Splendid for a four day break in Barcelona. We could not have been happier with our selection. We booked a 4 day, 3 night trip on a discount website: flights from london and the 3 nights at the hotel came to 拢200 per person. So, yes we got quite a good deal! We were pleased to find that the Aerobus went right to Universitat metro stop, which is no more than a five minute walk from the hotel. We used our Barcelona discount cards (bought at the airport) and paid only 3 euro for the ride. Once at the hotel, we did have to wait for our room to be made up, but we left our bags and began exploring. Our room was ready at 1.30pm and we found that we did have one on the back of the hotel (very quiet never heard a peep from anyone). The room was spacious and had a lovely marble bathroom. The shower was powerful, and we particularly enjoyed the radio in the headrest of the bed, fun to listen to while getting ready to go out! In short, the hotel was great... as others have stated the staff were not overly friendly, but civil and respectful at all times. On the way home we took the metro to Catalunya (Aerobus does not go BACK from Universitat) and picked up the bus to the airport there. For the price we paid I could not have asked for anything more. I certainly would send friends and family to this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Highly recommended! We have just returned from Barcelona and were really pleased with our accommodation.As written previously, the hotel (which has forty odd rooms) is very well located - walking to La Rambla takes under ten minutes.The hotel itself is very clean and we found the staff very friendly and helpful. Breakfast was good too, although we did find the bakery referred to in a previous posting - Mistral - and can thoroughly recommend it for morning coffee and pastries! It also serves lunches (apparently around 2.30 pm in Barcelona) although there are plenty of other places in which to eat.Getting back to the hotel itself, if you are a light sleeper then I would agree with a previous recommendation to ask for a room at the back. The other couple we were with had one and, although smaller, it definitely was quieter.However, a previous posting is quite correct - wondering what had woken me at 4.30 am, I looked out my window, onto the square in front, and found an interesting scene. The local nightclub (which, going by what I saw, is mainly frequented by males) had obviously finished up and the square was the meeting place of the many young males on display. That said, there was no trouble at all.All in all, I can thoroughly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>kfbglobal
<Content>Neat, comfortable, friendly, great location Three stars can mean a LOT worse than this - in fact, this place is more like four stars. Stayed twice in the last fortnight, and both times had excellent, comfortable rooms (great beds with huge pillows and clean, spacious en suites). Ideally located for a short walk to the main tourist areas, or the Metro, or the bus; adjacent to the Eixample area and the gay attractions, too. No need to pay premium for an allegedly 'gay boutique' hotel just up the road - this one is perfect! The reception and catering staff were friendly at all times and keen to please.For example: we were initially put, for the second stay, in a room which had a leaking tap. We rang Reception, who rang Housekeeping. Housekeeping quickly arrived to fix the tap BUT we were whisked off and upgraded instantly to another room - didn't have to ask or hint at all! This is during summer, too, so occupancy was fairly high. A sure sign that guests are their priority, I would say.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Lovely Hotel The Apsis Splendid was very clean with a large, newly remodeled bathroom. Location was just far enough away from Plaza Catalunya for quiet and yet close enough to easily walk to. Lots of restaurants, bakeries, coffee shops nearby. The desk staff was cordial and helpful. I would certainly stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>jcrichton
<Content>Excellent hotel in central location We stayed in the Apsis Splendid for 9 nights in the beginning of June 2005. The hotel was excellent value for the money - got a great deal at lastminute. The rooms were comfortable and clean - no problem with noise at all. Ideal central location for visiting all the various attractions. The bus from the airport stops only 100 metres from hotel - to get the bus back to the airport you have to go to the terminus at Placa Catalunya because bus takes different route returning to airport - terminus is not too far - a 10 minute walk. We did not take the hotel breakfast - all the local bars/cafes had breakfasts at 3-5 euros.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BelgiumIsabel
<Content>Clean, spacious  Me and my boyfriend spent four days in Hotel Splendid in Barcelona, and we enjoyed it. This hotel is good value for money. The rooms are really spacious with a large and comfortable bed, and also the bathroom was clean and spacious. They have some nice lavender shower gel and shampoo too! :-) The people at the reception were friendly, but stiff. The location of the hotel is rather good: at pla莽a Universitat, so not in the middle of the noisy city center, but still within easy walking distance of everything. If you are looking for a hotel with good rooms (without noise during the night) and you don't mind to walk for 15 minutes for reaching the Ramblas (or you take the metro of course), I would certainly recommend this hotel!  
<Date>Jun 21, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>James073
<Content>Excellent location, quality accomodation but no red carpet My girlfriend and I went at the beggining of April 2005 for a five day break and found the hotel good value for money (Cost in total about 拢300). The staff were generally very formal and unfamiliar, but were reasonably helpful when approached. This I suppose is the nature of big city hotels.The room was comfortable with all mod-cons (Sat TV, air con). Beds were very comfortable, I regularly have problems sleeping more than 6 hours a night, but slept for on average 10 hours in this hotel as it was very quiet and relaxing. Internal room, no views, but again this helped me sleep like a baby. The room had plenty of space. with a small table and chairs and plenty of nice features which make the place feel good(i.e. solid wood furnture, modern decor and a couple of framed prints).Bathroom was excellent. Double sink, so we didn't have to fight over it. Good powerful shower over a small bath, beday (spelling?), etc. All linen was changed every day and good soaps restocked.All very clean.Perfect location on the Universitat square, 10 mins walk from Las Ramblas, 100 yards from airport bus stop (arrival only, you have to walk down to the Placa Catalunya to get it back) and 100 yards from the metro/main bus stops.PS do recommend the Sagrada Familia (? Gaudi's unfinished church) and watching a game at the Nou Camp (Even my girlfiend loved it and she's not a fan). Also Los Caracols for excellent food (off Las Ramblas) and La Forno? a couple of doors along. Food on Las Ramblas itself is rubbish or very expensive  
<Date>Jun 4, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent! Great location, lovely clean room and bathroom Just got back from 7 nights at Hotel Splendid, having read all the positive reviews on this site - we were not dissapointed!We had a double room booked directly through the hotel's website - the room was a decent size with a wardrobe containing a safe, a dressing table with large TV, and a lovely clean spacious all marble bathroom. The bathroom has a hairdryer and complementary toiletries, and a bath with shower. Housekeeping came every day even when we left the room around midday, and I used the laundry service once and my clothes were returned the same afternoon! We had no problem with noise whatsoever and our window looked out onto some blocks of flats which was not exactly a view but not at all offensive. The room also had air-conditioning.We didn't have breakfast at the hotel but there are lots of cafes and shops nearby selling croissants and pastries.The hotel is in a fantastic location - an easy 10 minute walk to Placa Catalunya, and 1 minute from Universitat square and Metro which also has many restaurants and shops. Cab drivers all knew the hotel location but do be warned - none of them speak any English!The only negative point which is worth bearing in mind is that our room had no spare plug points - we had to unplug the TV to charge up our phones etc. There is one plug point in the bathroom but this isn't always convenient. If you have a lot of items to charge up I would advise taking a small extension lead.In all this is a fantastic hotel, very clean and well run, very comfortable and above all brilliantly located for just about everything. Taxis are not expensive but there are Metro stops everywhere! We will definitely be returning to Hotel Splendid on our next visit to Barcelona!  
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jojo.b
<Content>Brilliant! Stayed at this hotel for 2 nights 12 - 14 May. It was excellent. Room spacious and clean (comfy bed) and modern bathroom. The best part is the location - a 2 min walk from Placa Catalunya and very central to all tourist sites. I didn't eat the hotel as there are so many shops and bakeries in the immediate area. My room was 90 euros a night which is the average rate for this standard of accomodation in the City. I definitely recommend this hotel and would stay here again.  
<Date>May 20, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>clc1
<Content>great value-one irritating incident We reserved a room many months before arrival (April 22, 2005) and before we had our travel arrangements finalized. At the same time we reserved the room we signed up for the breakfast buffet at 6 euros (half-price). The day we arrived at the hotel I informed guest services that our departure would be at 5:00 AM on April 24, 2005, and therefore we would be unable to eat the buffet. I asked for an adjustment to the bill. Guest services's response was very abrubt and unexpected. Under no circumstances could the bill be adjusted. I was somewhat irritated. I had given adequate notice and it wasn't like I wanted my bill adjusted because I had not eaten breakfast. It was a very good breakfast. I definitely would have eaten it if I could have. Unfortuantely we had to leave very early to catch a flight to Rome. Everything else about the hotel was great--location, value, cleanliness and amenities.  
<Date>May 18, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent value and location This hotel is ideally situated for everthing - is very comfortable and quiet with really helpful, pleasant staff. The breakfast was superb and the selection mammoth, all really fresh produce and well presented. It's only 4-5 minutes from the bus from the airport. Can recommend bar Original H, near the Arts Centre for good food at reasonable cost and pleasant surroundings, the restaurant is at the rear of the bar. This hotel gave excellent value for moneyand really made our visit an enjoyable one.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>suzysue
<Content>Great Value Stayed here mid March for four nights. Rooms were very clean and comfortable, didn't suffer with noisy neighbours, but found the doors slammed loudly when closed. Breakfast was excellent, as mentioned before and there was plenty of it with a great choice on offer. This hotel is close to all the amenities and therefore I have no problem in recommending this hotel to anyone visiting Barcelona.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>traimartin
<Content>Great Location We stayed here for a weekend at the beginning of March 2005. The hotel is in a great location. Within walking distance of La Ramblas, the beach, Caso Batillo and Sagrada Familia. The hotel is clean and the staff friendly. The breakfast was continental i.e. meats and cheese but also had the typical english breakfast foods of bacon, egg and sausages which my husband thought was fantastic. My only one minor complaint would be (as mentioned by another Tripadvisor Member previously) the rooms are not sound proof. We had a particularly noisey group of young lads on our floor and they rolled in at 4am and 6am shouting and slamming the doors. I would definately stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Coley1969
<Content>Good Location Stayed here with a group of friends. Hotel clean and excellent location, about 10 mins from La Ramblas. Breakfast extra but all you can eat for 12 euros. Would stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>dinich
<Content>Good value - well situated - clean  Stayed there in February 2005 for four nights. Friendly, helpful reception; clean, modern and relatively large room; bathroom with all mod cons; plentiful breakfast (could get boring after a few days - unchanging selection of fruits, yogurts, breads, meats etc); well placed to reach the old city, museums, Ramblas and main shopping areas on foot. We had a room looking out onto the square and it was a bit noisy at night. Ask for a room at the back or an internal room - you will not get the view, but it will be easier to sleep. Also, as in most modern hotel buildings the rooms are not well sound insulated. Doors tended to close with a bang, a neighbour had a bad cough, and toilets could be heard flushing and baths running. However, you have to bear in mind that we are just up from the country, and awake to the sound of birds coughing in the garden hedge. Barcelona is a great city, and the Apsis Splendid is a good base from which to explore it. I would recommend it to friends.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WeHoEuro
<Content>Splendid? Yes! I have stayed at the Hotel Apsis Splendid twice, most recently in December 2004. I highly recommend the Splendid. This is a clean, modern hotel in a great location. Our room was spotless, comfortable and quiet. Placa Catalunya and La Rambla are a short walk from the hotel. The Metro station is right around the corner.Do check their website for rates and deals: hotel-splendidIn December, we paid only 70 Euros per night for a double room. I booked the breakfast online and saved fifty percent鈥攐nly six Euros per person. The breakfast is very good with a wide variety of choices. The staff is friendly and helpful.The area is very safe but I will make one tiny suggestion: Late at night, do not go wandering in El Raval unless you know where you are going. The hotel faces Placa Goya and late at night, across the Placa, you will find some interesting characters. Stick to the main streets.Here is a great website for taking a virtual walk through the neighborhood: Pages Jaunes: Photos de Villes.photos.pagesjaunes.frSelect Barcelona and enter the address of the hotel (Muntaner 2). From there you can navigate the immediate neighborhood and all of Barcelona (or Paris, or Madrid or many other cities.) Or, enter just the street name and cruise straight down the street!  
<Date>Feb 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kdnystn
<Content>Good for the money..   showReview(2988229, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MichaelAcosta
<Content>Great Hotel for the Money   showReview(2862793, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good value for the money   showReview(2511696, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Now called the Apsis Hotel Splendid   showReview(2132929, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Blackcat5573
<Content>Good hotel   showReview(1868495, 'full');   
<Date>May 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location,helpful staff,and unusually quiet.Perfect!   showReview(1376587, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 6, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Buon hotel, in posizione...   showReview(20491594, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>El hotel esta muy bien ubicado...   showReview(20628682, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Eines Kongresses wegen war ich...   showReview(20188597, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>filippo69
<Content>hotel normale   showReview(18772226, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>3	3	-1	4	4	2	2	-1	

<Author>herta49
<Content>Lage und Zimmer ganz o.k., aber ...   showReview(17019032, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo hotel, stanze grandi e...   showReview(16731127, 'full');   
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>El personal de recepci贸n fue...   showReview(16727447, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo Hotel , eccellente...   showReview(13748404, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ornos
<Content>Super Preis-Leistungsverh盲ltnis   showReview(13642675, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'hotel 猫 davvero molto carino...   showReview(13849877, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon h么tel bien situ茅 pour la...   showReview(11404103, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'hotel 猫 situato vicino ad una...   showReview(11404104, 'full');   
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottima ubicazione a pochi passi...   showReview(11404105, 'full');   
<Date>May 24, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottima la posizione...   showReview(11404106, 'full');   
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Steve78
<Content>Tr猫s bon choix d'h么tel   showReview(7485984, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo hotel, a due passi dal...   showReview(11404102, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sono stata con un'amica...   showReview(11404107, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Camera con vista interna molto...   showReview(11404108, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 30, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ha superato le aspettative...   showReview(11404109, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 22, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>TUTTO OK MA LA COLAZIONE E...   showReview(11404110, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottima posizione vicino al...   showReview(11404111, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 13, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>In periodo di forte affluenza...   showReview(11404112, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 3, 2004
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Quando siamo arrivati ci hanno...   showReview(11404113, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 19, 2004
<Rating>2	1	4	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Es fehlt im Internet der...   showReview(11404114, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 14, 2003
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

