<Author>cafeolait
<Content>Good Overall       The Villas  
<Date>Jan 9, 2009
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	4	3	1	

<Author>Lizet84
<Content>EHHH....I've had better I've been to Punta Cana twice, compared to the other hotel I stayed at, this hotel was in major need of some help. First let's start with the good: Rooms were in little houses of 4 rooms per bungalow, which meant privacy. The minibar and minifrige were pretty nice, which included an array of different liquors. The staff was all really nice and helpful with an exception. My room did not smell like other people's expierience. The pools were nice too. They had little shops and a really cool club that plays a mixture of music. Now the bad. The front desk staff were the exception to the nice staff. They were completely unorganized and rude. The rooms don't use key cards, just keys. If you charge anything to your room be prepared to pay cash. THEY DON'T EXCEPT CREDITCARDS!!! The minibar and frige are stocked every other day. The worst of all, I had to hike to get to the pool, the front desk, and the beach. Some are closer and some are not, like mine was. The whole area is like a maze, YOU WILL GET LOST, all the houses look the same, take the map, that is given to you. Overall I would rate this hotel 2-3 out of 5 stars. Like my title states, I've had better....  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>2	2	4	3	4	1	3	-1	

<Author>Barb5454
<Content>Mutton sold as Lamb We just came back from the Riu Taino in Punta Cana. We usually go Mexico through Signature Vacations but decided to try something different this year.The Riu Taino is described by the Riu Group as a 5* hotel, and by Sunquest (our tour operator) as a 4* hotel. It is at best, with a generous evaluator, a 3*.We had booked a family suite and a hotel room. When we arrived (late in the evening), we were given 2 room keys. I asked the front desk clerk which was the family suite and which was the hotel room. He was confused by this, and ended up telling me that they were both family suites - the hotel had given us more than we had paid for and would lose money on us.We were led through the grounds to the 2 rooms, both of which appeared to be what are described by Sunquest as Supersaver rooms, that is, very small rooms.We returned to the front desk in the dark through the maze that is the layout here to ask for the suite we had paid for. We were told that it was our fault, because we had asked that the family suite and the hotel room be close or adjoining, and those were the 2 closest rooms they had. The fact that we had paid several hundred dollars more for the family suite did not seem to matter to them.We were then given a family suite (which was a good size) a short distance from the hotel room where our daughter's friend stayed. There is no way anyone could describe the suite as 4 or 5 star accomodation. There was an air conditioning unit in the main room that looked like it belonged on a scrap heap - it was rusted and pitted, and, needless to stay, did not work well.We were provided with 1 towel in this unit that sleeps 4. No hand towels or face cloths. There was a spill on the floor that had not been cleaned. The clock did not work. The furniture was old - the dresser drawers could not slide in  out because the runners were gone.On 2 occasions, we asked for a clock that works, without success. When I called the second time to make the request, I was asked by the front desk clerk why I wanted a clock. I said I wanted to know the time. He said It's 7:20. And I never got the clock.The fitness centre is a joke. The equipment is antiquated. I have never seen a treadmill, even the cheapest one, that does not incline, but the treadmill(s) here did not. I ask the attendant if he could turn the TV on while I exercised. The TV did not of course work. There were wires hanging down that looked like they had been there forever.One of the reasons we chose the Riu Taino was for the watersports, in particular, sailing. If you want to sail, do not come to this hotel. They have contracted out the watersports to ScubaCaribe. ScubaCaribe is interested in the watersports that it can sell to you, such as parasailing. They have no interest in the free watersports. When we first enquired about taking out a sailboat, we were told that they had 5 Hobie Cats, 3 of which were broken, leaving 2 sailboats for 3 or more Riu resorts (the Taino alone has 620 rooms). When we finally managed to get a sailboat (only once in the week we were there), we had to wait 10 - 15 minutes (from the 1 hour we had the boat) for one of the ScubaCaribe people to saunter down to the water and assist us in getting the boat out.The tennis courts were interesting. Sand on top of concrete. Made for interesting bounces.There were some positives. The food is (barely) alright. The setting is lovely, as is the beach. The waitstaff were great.My sense of this place was that it was once really nice. There are annual tourist award plaques on the wall in the reception area, ending in 2004. It looks like that's when the Riu Group decided to use its capital budget for the swankier hotels down the beach, in particular, the Riu Palace Punta Cana. That's fine but it should not describe this hotel as 5* and Sunquest should not be selling this mutton dressed up as lamb.Lessons learned: I will never use Sunquest again. I will never stay at a Riu resort again.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	1	2	-1	

<Author>nicollet
<Content>Riu Tai "NO" This hotel is in desperate need of a good cleaning, and an overhaul. The first room we had was so stinky and mouldy we had to sleep with the sheets over our mouths and noses. We have done a lot of travelling, and are familiar with the dampness and mould problems in the tropics but ....this was absolutely choking! We had a roach the size of my shoe in the room, and a RAT ran across the path in front of our room! Personal hairs were smeared all over the bathroon floor and walls. The shower pointed staright ahead and blasted into the back wall of the shower, so that no water actually hit your body.The shower could not be adjusted?The shows in the evening were an absolute joke. Grown men running arounh in loincloths hitting each other with plastic bats...we didn't get it? ( Also the place was crawling with roaches!)This hotel is giving the RIU a bad reputation and they should do something about it before it damages future business.The positive side of the story? We were fortunate enough to be upgraded to the Riu Palace Punta Cana! It was like being in paradise...excellent service etc. The expression  you get what you pay for certainly rings true in this scenario!  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>1	2	1	5	1	5	5	1	

<Author>Cerveza_por_favor_8
<Content>3 Stars Hotel Not A 5 Stars As Riu Claims Where to start鈥?br/>What a dump..Seriously this hotel needs some serious renovation..It all started on the day of our arrival at the hotel, came in around 11:30pm checked into our room and 2 minutes after checked out..because of the bad smell. They found us another room that one too smelled..they had no more rooms left..so what do you think they did鈥hey told us we had to wait to talk to the manager in the morning, because they can't make any decision without the manager being present..so where are we suppose to sleep?? No way I was going to go back into that room..so we slept on the couch at the reception area..it didn't seem to bother them at all鈥reat customer service. The next day came, they actually found us a clean room with clean sheets and no smell鈥hank you very much. I would seriously knock out a couple of stars of this hotel rating. Riu's claims it's a 5 stars hotel, Sunquest who we booked with claimed it was a 5 stars then when that room incident happened we complained to the Sunquest representative at the hotel and he said that sunquest has never advertise that this hotel was a 5 stars, when they did, false advertisement and I would rate this hotel as a 3 stars not more not less. Then later on find out that they overbooked the hotel, they had to upgrade guest to other Riu's some got lucky and stayed at the Palace..for the same price as Taino. I find that funny how when we were sleeping on the couch at the reception no rooms in all of those 5 hotels were available..!! Now that they overbooked this hotel they can actually found space to accommodate those people UNBELIEVABLE. Food was ok, restaurant a la carte big disappointment, I actually didn't gain any weight..??? Then again I ate fries for 7 days..(good fries)Positive aspect of this hotel..All 5 Riu's are right next to each other, depending on what hotel you are staying at, you have access and what I mean by access is (Bars, pools, hotel, restaurants) we stayed at Taino so we had access to Bambu and Naiboa, if your staying at Riu Macao you have access to Bambu,Taino and Naiboa and if you're lucky enough to stay at the Riu palace Punta Cana..you have unlimited access to all Riu hotels.If I had to pick between all 5 Riu's I will pick Taino (for sure not for the accommodation and the great landscape)..it's more of a younger croud..it seems the guest at the other Riu's always made there way to our hotel..the beach is always crowed (good luck finding a lounge chair)..our pools full, the bars are always busy, loud music..if you walked to the other hotel no one's there.. (people that go on vacation to read stay's there ( Macao and Palace)..if you are on vacation to party and have fun ..then Taino it is.I also enjoy the Caribbean Street where you can find various stores, they also have a Casino and a dance club called PACHA on location, Hair Salon, Spa, cigar shop and a flea market close by about 10 minutes walk.Closing remarksEven though the hotel was not what we expected..the staff did make it up to us, got 2 bottles of rum in front of our door the next morning, got treated to Palace Punta Cana for dinner, unlimited a la carte restaurant, they honestly did go out of their way to make us happy.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>3	2	3	5	2	3	3	4	

<Author>ValLam
<Content>Hotel is overated It was dirty and smelly. This hotel needs renovation I think it's completely overrated in terms of rating.I wouldn't go back and I wouldn't recomend anybody to go there.The people are really nice but the service you get and the quality is not equivalent.We had to chnage rooms twice because of a smell..they only clean the rooms once a day (not that clean) they only give you two towels in bathroom (not enough) The food is not that great at the buffets and I'm definetly not impress with their a la carte restaurant especially the Steak house (discussting) They ran out of beach towels so we had to swim with no towels.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JoLee
<Content>Great 12 days at Riu Taino       Nice Beach Riu Taino.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>PegToronto_Canada
<Content>Excellent service! Spent the first week of December 2008 at the Riu Taino in Punta Cana. This was our first visit to Punta Cana, and our first vacation with our son who is 18 months old. The service was outstanding! From the moment we checked in, which was very late at night 11ish, and with a baby wired for sound (very hyper), all we wanted was to get to our room and have a quick bite to eat. The check in was amazingly fast, no paperwork to be signed, everything ready to go, with a late night snack waiting for us at one of the bars. Everyday after, I can honestly say that we were treated like gold. Our initial room was a little on the small side and when we inquired if there were any larger rooms available we were instantly moved into a family suite, facing the ocean at no additional cost to us. Riu staff ensured that we had everything that we needed, extra pillows, a crib for Jules and lots of drinkable water. That same service happened at the main buffet restaurant as well. First night we sat in a section, got to know the waiter and the next night the same table was reserved for us, with a high chair and a glass of red wine waiting for me. Loved the service...best I have experienced in all of the Caribbean. Jules was a hit with everyone there too. Dominicans love babies and make sure that the babies are well taken care of. I gave this hotel a 3 star rating because the actual resort is starting to seriously show its age. A lot of the furniture has tears/rips in the material, and the buildings are somewhat run down. We have stayed in Mexico on numerous occasions, (Puerto Vallarta, Cancun and Cozumel) and the Riu Taino is not a 4 star to me based on what we have experienced in Mexico. With this being our first visit to the Dominican, I am not sure if my expectations were too high, but thought I should share my thoughts. The beds were exceptionally hard...and I like hard beds, so for me to complain is rare! They also did not have room service...a pet peeve and one that would not normally affect me except that to get a cup of coffee first thing in the morning I had to walk from one side of the resort to the other...which on the first couple of days was fine...nice walk, great weather...but by day 4 I really would have liked to have my coffee waiting for me! Call me spoiled, but when I am on vacation I do like an occasional breakfast in bed! Beach was the best of all the properties on that strip. Lovely white sand, with a constant gentle breeze and lots of well established palm trees for cover if you wanted it. Food was fine, no complaints. Lots of choices and plenty of fruit. Did not like the specialty restaurants though, buffet turned out to be better. Not much to do unless you take one of the excursions (you are looking at a cost of 80 - 100 US Dollars per person) and then with us having a baby we were really limited. Again, very different from Mexico where you can leave the resort and head into town and experience all kinds of things for free. Overall I would highly recommend this hotel for anyone who does not care if they have room service, do not mind the smell of mold and things not looking brand new. If this review were only about the service I would give it a 5, as I can honestly say that this was the best service we have ever received.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	5	5	2	

<Author>Extreme_Critic
<Content>I LOVED it, L-O-V-E-D it! Lets start with the Location. Great beach, great vegetation, great sand, great water, great everything. It wasn't too hot, or too cool--though there were some windy days. The Hotel itself was made of bungalows. Cozy compared to the huge palaces. Pool need sto be cleaned more often, and possibly heated a bit more. Though there are two pools, and one seemed to be always heated more than the other. So anyway, I'm not soooo picky about my hotels. I really care about the service and Location. But still.Food was great. My brother keeps on bugging me to go back their for our next vacation. So we're going to Riu palace Punta Cana. Service, I don't quite notice that much. I never use room service, and the front desk got us to our rooms pretty quickCons would be the smoking. Everyone there was always smoking and it made the whole place make me gag. I always had my head on my shoulder to try and stifle the stanch of cigar smoke. Also, the dress code absolutely needs to be stricter. There were always womyn on the beach tanning topless, which disturbed my entire family. Rooms, well, they're okay, but to be honest I don't really look at rooms, and I just Spend my time outside of the room. Things i like would be how every day there was a man with a wheelbarrow full of coconuts, and he would cut a hole into the coconut and we could drink the milk. I would recomend this hotel to anyone who doesn't mind smokers and topless womyn.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>mom1991
<Content>Family Bonding! What an experience! Sun, white sand and family! Punta Cana is fabulous! What would I recommend to others?... This resort is good for teens/adults (ours are 12, 15 and 17) but there wasn't anything for younger kids to do. You can buy blow-up pool toys there but they are pricey - we brought our own - (you can leave them behind). Plan on doing some excursions (we HIGHLY recommend the dune buggy experience with swimming in an underground natural pool!) BUT wait till day 3 to go. You need at least that much time to get into the swing of things, get your body used to the food, the laid-back pace and to start on your tan! Don't bother bringing your blow dryer - they have them in the bathrooms. If you really need to plug something in, the front desk rents plug adapters for $1 US for your stay. The nightly entertainment was totally lame so be prepared to be creative with your evenings with the kids. DO take advantage of the bricked sidewalk that runs along the beach from one end of the Riu properties to the other end. DO take advantage of the pools/eatery's offered at the other Riu resorts you can play at. The a la cartes were nothing special - just the same buffet choices in a different location. If you are a vegetarian - learn how to ask is there meat in this? in Spanish - most everything does have meat. DO take the Spanish classes offered. DO take your free scuba lesson in the pool. DO play water polo (it's a hoot!). If you can, DO stay for 10 days. One week was definately not enough and 2 weeks would have been too much. 10 days would have been perfect. And please, DO set your alarm for 5:30 am the morning you are leaving. Get up and walk down to the beach chairs, settle in and watch the sun rise. The only sound is the waves crashing and you can see at least a trillion stars (including the big dipper - which is upside down). These peaceful moments, with my family, was the perfect way to end the trip.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>letusgetaway
<Content>Great Value for the price The best part was the price. We got a great deal. $1550 per couple including airfare. Thats half of what we usually pay. Flight was good and the 5 Riu resorts are about 30 min from the airport. Check in was a breeze. our keys was waiting for us. no lineups was really a plus point. we got there late night but I noticed check in was quick for the morning flights as well. The villa style is very nice. grounds are immaculate. rooms are a bit dated. bathrooms are small with no stand up shower. balcony was a plus. a/c was not working properly the first 2 days and the beds are ok but flat pillows. a couple asked for an extra blanket but reception was out of it. there aren't really ocean view rooms in taino. the villas are like a maze and takes 2 days to figure out directions. not much food available late night. only one pool bar was open after 10. only hotdogs, fries were available. all other items gone as soon as the show was over. was never really replaced. the ala cartes are located at the pool bar and basically it was leftovers from the restaurants. al cartes had to be booked before 10am at buffet bfast. might be inconvenient for some but we were okay. we went to 3, wasn't too great so we decided to stick to buffet. they had enough food to please any palate. nothing really outstanding. but great variety. missed alot of seafood, lobsters that we are used to at other resorts. taino guests are permitted to eat at bambu but only lunch time. bambu had a better variety and generally a better hotel.taino has a closed bar saloon for shows which is smoking. gets really suffocating in there. bambu has an open air show so we went there. artists were the same. shows were entertaining.taino staff were great and helpful. rooms were kept clean. a plus was including the mini bar there was a full bar which was replaced every 2 days. we did not use it much but local rum, vodka, whiskey, brandy was included. 2 pools one was low key, other more rowdy....best of both worlds. same as for the pool bars/restaurant.now for the beach. riu probably had the best beach. no palpalas but palm trees everywhere no problem in getting a spot. ocean was gorgeous and warm. seaweed was cleaned up twice a day. powdery sand. you can walk for miles barefoot. found a flea market close by so did not have to leave the resort though we did go and see bavaro plaza. remember to bargain alot.not many staff speak english but we were able to communicate.sunquest rep was not impressive. we used the scuba caribbean guys for water sports that were located right on the beach. they were available every day for questions. great group.imported booze is availabe if you ask for it. but seemed like there was kind of a quota that by late night it would be gone. had no problem at bambu.had a late night flight and late check out was not available. the luggage room and showers at reception worked well for us.lastly for the price paid was a great holiday. we can now go for another. next time we would probably pay a bit more and stay at the bambu.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>3	5	3	5	3	5	3	-1	

<Author>HS6348
<Content>Great Trip! If you want a detailed review, this is one to read!       More gorgeous scenery  
<Date>Dec 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>canadiangirl1966
<Content>I just had to say something I am writing this review because I just can't believe what some people complain about. For example there's a review in trip advisor complaining about men having to wear pants at the restaurants while women were allowed to wear bathing suits. I witnessed none of this. And as for not being told about a dress code any traveller who reads up on the resort either through travel books or websites will notice that it does mention dress codes for dinner. At the Taino not one single person was in a pair of pants. Casual at best. The servers are awesome and If they know that your party is coming at a certain time, to reserve your table they put glasses on the tables filled with pop until you show up for your meal and immediately fresh drinks are there. As a matter a fact the servers are so good you don't even have the chance to finish a beer or pop before that server is bringing you another cold drink.The rooms were very clean and in perfect working order. The cleaning staff always left little characters made up of towels and flowers for us. We had asked that more pop be left in our fridge and oh my god!!! the fridge was full of pop. One of our rooms did smell a little musty but for goodness sake what do you expect with that much humidity every single day. God people get over yourselves. A trip is what you make of it. Food was a little repetitious in certain areas but there were differences each meal as well. Goodness how many breakfast foods do people think are out there?Entertainment was the best I have experienced in my last three trips. Afternoon bingo is great and we are all still singing ITS BINGO BONGO TIME. I would say definately go to Riu Taino!!As a matter a fact I enjoyed it so much last year I am heading there again next week.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>pookies7
<Content>Excellent, Excellent, Excellent! This was my first time in Riu Taino, D.R. (Punta Cana) but it definitely will not be my last! I went for two weeks and I will never forget this trip. The resort was wonderful. The food was unbelievably awesome, all of the staff were so friendly and kind, the hotel was very clean and the night entertainment was spectacular. #1 all the way! I cannot think of one negative thing about this resort. Everything about the resort was excellent! I will definitely recommend this resort to all of my family and friends. See you soon, Riu Taino!  
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Daddys_Girl_7
<Content>Location, location, location!!! My husband and I just returned from a week stay at the Riu Taino and we were very very pleased. Reception: We checked in within minutes and after nicely asking Joanna (who was extremley helpful) to be put in a room closest to the beach, she did it with no problem and no extra charge. Jose was a young, funny, and helpful young man who worked the front desk and who helped me many many times during our week stay. He gave us an umbrella after we lost ours for no charge, a converter for my hair straightner and battery chargers and such, also for no charge. The front desk staff was excellent to myself and my husband. Upon arrival we were given ice cold fruit punch and were escorted to our room (it was quite late out).The Rooms: They were clean, well lit and comfortable. We had 3 beds in which one we used for shopping and extra storage space. The safe was at no charge and I did not find any problems with it. We felt safe and comfortable leaving over $4000 US in there, including ipods, cameras, cell phones etc. The shower pressure was great and even at the busy times we never ran out of hot water. The mini was a bonus!!!! Rum, rye, vodka and gin were stocked every second day, including many different kinds of pop and a large jug of water. The AC worked very well and we often found it a litlle chilly (still not complaing!)The Food, Bars and Service: Excellent. For those that like the ala cart meals, you can book as many as you like between the hours of 7 and 10 am. We ate ala cart 4 times in a week and were very pleased. The staff was AMAZING!!!! We spent most of our time in the little Coco's bar. The drinks were made of good quality booze and they offered a martini menu after 6pm. Victor, Abel and Carlitos were the main bartenders there, they made sure that we were ALWAYS looked after. They truly made our stay that much more special.All in all, the Riu Taino was a hell of a deal for the treatment that we recieved. The resort is small enough that you are never more than 10 minutes from the beach, yet big enough that even after a week we still had lots to do. The pools were clean and water sports were included. If you do not walk into their country with your head up your ass and demand and boss them around, you will be treated like a princess. I was at least :)  
<Date>Nov 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Roadtripping_Jo
<Content>We will be Back! My girlfriends and I went for a girls trip to the Dominican for the first time. We loved everything. The resort staff was friendly and helpful.They made us feel very welcome and went out of their way to entertain us and make us laugh. We went to the disco and never felt unsafe anywhere on the resort. We had 3 beds in our room. The sunquest agent was a waste of time. We booked thru one of the other tour operators. We went to Santo Domingo which was a long day but worth it. I recommend the dune buggy tour to the El Rancho. It was the best part of our holiday! We drove dune buggies, rode horses (skip that part), swam in a cave and saw the most beautiful beach ever. The only minor issue on our holiday was that we had stomach problems from the second day on and after the fourth day I had bug bites all over my legs. Next time I will take an Immodium every morning and not sit directly on the sand. We are hoping to make it back to the Taino next month for Christmas. Taino is like chips you can't have just one.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Sunshineottawa
<Content>Riu...Really?? My husband and I just got in yesterday from a week at the Riu Taino and I couldn't wait to sit down to write this. We travel to the DR twice a year and couldn't wait to get there this year. Before driving up to the Riu Taino we drove through the Naibo first. The smell of sewage was soo strong that I honestly thought the driver took the wrong turn...The roads leading up were over flowing with sewage..The looks one the guest staying there said it all!! We were to originallly suppose to stay there but after reading the reviews I changed to the Taino 2 days before our depature.  Upon arrival to the Taino check in was fast and easy...Finding our room..not so..We get to our room the door is open and the bed had been slept in...and the bathroom used..The Guys at the front desk didn't believe us and told us they had nothing else left!!After losing my cool we were finally assigned a new room which was much better. Yes beds are hard....Yes if you read this bring your own pillow!!!! You only get one per bed and they are flat as pancakes!! Grounds are beautiful...pool area always kept clean..beach gorgeous!! Buildings are very tired looking and are in desperate need of TLC.  Staff....-Pool guys awesome!! -Servers at breakfast and dinner very attentive after being tipped -Housekeeping...hmmm ...I tipped extra one day and got 2 burnt out bulbs replaced!  -Front Desk...Now these guys were the most upsetting. They couldnt be bothered with you what so ever!! Its very upsetting when one understands spanish...And these guys don't realize it. Some one at the Riu chain should teach these rude ignorant Boys some manners. I have never been so insulted in my life!! I am not from Germany nor am I from Italy...I am a Canadian who would appreciate the same respect that I give you!! I have stayed at many Riu's before and have never been treated in this manner. 1/2 of the people on our bus staying here all had the same experiences as us...the [--] fest one the bus I do have to say was one of the best highlights of this trip..Usually I am upset when the final day comes...as most of us get..This time around I couldn't wait to get back to the snow and the -10 weather..take that as you may..  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	3	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>frnccbr
<Content>Great resort! My husband  I just returned from the Riu Taino. We had booked this trip 5 months prior to our arrival. I had emailed the resort shortly after booking asking for a room on the second floor with a view of the ocean. When we arrived at the hotel  went to check in (which took less than 5 minutes) they mentioned my email that I had sent to them. They gave us a nice 2nd floor room with a nice view of the ocean. We really liked the resort. The food was great. We never tried the restaurants. We stayed with the buffet. The food was always good. They have such a wide variety to choose from. We never had anything that we did not like. The housekeeper did a great job. We left a couple of dollars each day  she did a wonderful job cleaning our room. We also left her some notebooks, pens, pencils, toothbrushes etc a couple of times. The employees at the resort are very nice. The bartender Luis Miguel would see us coming towards the bar  have our drinks ready for us by the time we got to the bar. Very nice guy with a great personality. They do warn you not to drink the water which we did not  did not have any problems whatsoever.We did the Sanoa Island excursion. This was alot of fun. We will do it again next time we go bacl.We plan on returning to the Riu Taino in a couple of years  want to bring our daughters  their husbands with us.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>chrisnelincs
<Content>would not recomend this is not a five star hotel , or as thomson have it as 3+, it was like a 2 star or lower ,food was bland and had stomach problems after 2 days and still have on returning home, not a lot of atmasphere, the entertainment was also disapointing, cockroaches were found in food at the sister hotel naibor, it was a holiday from hell as was ill 12 days out of 14 most days not even able to keep water down  
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	3	1	3	1	-1	

<Author>Irishbird1981
<Content>Heavenly Beach       The rooms at the Riu Taino  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SimonUA
<Content>Great Place on a Budget My fiancee and I spent five nights at the Riu Taino in late August. We were traveling on a budget and the idea of an all-inclusive resort in a country we were not familiar with - our Spanish is also very basic - was appealing to us. The overall cost/performance ratio was excellent, which is also why I rate the hotel Excellent as I am considering what we got for what we paid. Otherwise, I would probably rate it Above Average.The staff was extremely friendly. Many spoke at least some English, and we were able to communicate with others in basic Spanish. Every time we asked for help, whether it'd be information at the reception or getting a table under a fan (keep that one in mind), someone was quickly and friendly helping us. Our rooms were always cleaned very well even to the point where some of the less obvious items, such as sand on the tile floor, was swept up. The towel animals and figures decorated with flowers were also very lovely and entertaining. The staff in my opinion deserves an excellent rating; I don't know what they could have done better.The accommodations and the grounds were well kept. As far as I remember I did not see any damaged objects, buildings with peeling paint, etc. The rooms were spacious and included two beds and a table as well as a ceiling fan and air conditioning, which we took advantage of as the humidity was extreme. The balcony had a great view onto the luscious greenery, and the bathroom and walk-in closet with refrigerator while small were adequate in size.The food was very good and offered a wonderful variety of seafood, meats, salads, sides, etc. The Riu Taino also has three specialty restaurants which you need to reserve seats to in the reception area (there is a desk in the mornings); however, the buffet was no step behind. If you desire a more intimate and romantic setting, go to the restaurant, but definitely try the food at the buffet as well - you won't regret it. The snack bars and drink bars were also very good and had variety. You're in an all-inclusive, so you won't find top-shelf liquor. I would probably recommend the beer as well as some lighter mixed drinks as the Dominicans seem to think the more liquor the better in a drink. We found that they were overpowering to the point where they were not drinkable at times, so be sure to let your bartender know your preference.I worked out once in the gym on Caribbean Street - the street that's part of the Riu resorts and in between the Taino and the Macao. This was a very dated gym and equipment sets were incomplete. This is definitely an area for improvement, so don't expect much there; however, it's still good enough to work out if you want it to be.The resort has two pools, and you should definitely try the swim-up bart - it's something else to sit on a stool in the pool while sipping a drink made fresh for you right there. =)The beach is gorgeous - very fine sand. The palms are wonderful, and you can spend hours dozing on a sun chair while the breeze keeps you cool and insect bite-free. You should not have to worry about stepping on anything sharp in the water; however, do pay attention to swimming in the two sectioned off areas as motorized equipment as not allowed there. The boats get pretty close to the shore, so be careful where you dive or snorkel.Last but not least, even though you are in an all-inclusive and tips are said to be included, please tip your bartender , your chambermaid, your server. or anyone else, whom you appreciate. We took a good amount of $1 bills with us - they go a long way there. Overall, we enjoyed our visit tremendously and certainly recommend it to anyone, especially when traveling on a budget.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Hot_scorpio
<Content>It's not what they make it out to be. Just returned from Punta Cana and stayed at Riu Taino. In the Riu web site thay claim to be a 5 star hotel. But it seems to be a 2 week hotel.The staff and service there was very rude and the kids club was always closed.We had asked for a glass of water and the waitress claims that the hotel has no water to drink...so she does not have to get us the glass of water.The rooms where we stayed was very small and they had broken funiture...they sure do need a MAJOR repairs.You can say I was traveling with a 3 year old child and the Riu DID not take care of me or my family. This was the very first trip for my daughter and it turned out to be a nightmare.I would not recommend this hotel to anybody, spend your money some other hotel.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	3	2	1	3	

<Author>jgsgroups
<Content>Just Ok Booked through orbitz. After 1 day prices dropped 100 dollars then went up to 1200 dollars then back down....It is like the stock market. Pre-arranged ground transportation round-trip but don't count on the trip back, it is near impossible to arrange the trip back but Ok. Since I was all the time at the beach/eating/pool/disco who has time to arrange the trip back to the airport. The area this hotel is in is great, with the right amount of people, always loungers available at the beach. The pool was for early birds but there were other two pools that always had loungers but were almost empty and boring without swim-up bars. The beer at the Riu-Taino swimup bar was very decent and extremely cold. Food: Was Ok, nothing spectacular. Avoided everything that was not sizzling hot due to previous DR all inclusive illnesses. This time as I read in some websites to eat yogurts weeks before which is suppose to increase the stomach flora and increase your immunity and didn't get sick. So this is my first time I didn't get diarrhea. I don't know if it was the yogurts I eat before the trip(its supposed to be 2 weeks before) I just did it the week before or was due to the fact that only eat sizzling hot items. The pizza was very good. The rest average. Nice service at the Taino Restaurant. Drinks: I had very few with Ice , so I guess the Ice is really from purified water. Didn't had the fruity stuff , just beer during the day. It is too hot to drink something else and maybe a few whiskey sodas at night. They were not watered down and never waited more than 1 minute to get a drink.Disco: It is Ok and was free for the whole stay. Hotel Room: Clean and nice balcony. Some friendly ants in the bathroom but not a problem. They were really fine, not 5 star but how much time do you spend there. Nice minibar with coke, soda's Gin, Rum, Brand and Vodka. Not bad but it is that Classic Brand that tastes like cough syrup but does the work. Nothing to eat.People: Hotel staff was very attentive, No one was rude at all. Almost all the guests were from spainEntertainment: Boring stuff. A few decent dance shows but don't expect much. Beach :The beach was fine, try the free water sports. Bring a lot of Sun protection the Sun is a killer there. Even with SPF 50 you'll cook. Great place for a beach walk , this beach is huge with plenty of resorts that you can go visit right and left but the sun will cook you before you can see them all. The place feels very safe, just stay away from the beach vendors offering you illegal stuff. I was bothered only once....just walk away and say no. May cute topless ladies. So if you are sensitive to that beware. The Punta Cana airport is very nice, The service to get out was fast. All in all, it was an ok trip but after a while it was boring. So maybe going there with a group of friends would make it be better. If you want to relax this might be a good option but don't expect much fun.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>mistydawn67801
<Content>Si Si SI!       Our view  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>vandalay1
<Content>Just loved it.       Caribbean Street at night  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>maboscel
<Content>Would go back in a heartbeat We had such a great time. First thing - I asked for a room near the beach - and while none were available when we arrived, the next morning we were given a 2nd story room as close to the beach as you can get! It was superb! We are not your typical vacationers, I think, in that we enjoy doing things - being active - and using the ocean rather than a pool. We also are picky eaters in that we like to eat healthy food. We were not disappointed. While the menu does not vary much at the buffet, there is always plenty to choose from. Each night they had more than one fish entre, plus chicken, pork, ham, etc. along with fruit, vegetables, fresh breads, desserts, etc. Breakfast they had just about anything you can imagine - except oatmeal - and the fruit smoothies were the best!! But the buffet closes at 10am - then only a marginal continental b'fast until 1pm - so don't miss the buffet or you go hungry....... The waiters were exceptional. We ate at the Italian restaurant - a really nice change of pace - and also there was a night with dancing and special Caribbean food - and that too, was a nice change of pace. You can also walk over to the Riu Bamboo at any meal and eat there. Their buffets were larger, offered a different variety of food and I'd suggest going over there at least once. Watersports - not touched on much in these forums - so I will since we used daily. There are watersports buildings with 2-3 catamarins, sailboat, numerous windsurfers and kayaks about every 200 feet or less. You go there and sign up for an hour usage. Best to go the day before you want to use a catamarin as it fills up as the day goes on. But you can sign up every day for a week all at once if you want to - or go one hour one place and walk down the beach and sign up for an hour at the next place. The catamarins are in demand, but the other equipment is not, so the hour rule isn't enforced I don't think. Punta Cana doesn't have strong winds like the north coast and the beach is such that it's only shallow a short ways out and then deepens quickly. Thus, it makes it hard to learn to windsurf or to even get started. Noone ever planed there. We had a blast with the catamarins. Had never sailed one before, but they are easy to do and quite safe. There are reefs galore out there, however, so you have to watch scraping the boat. We actually surfed waves with them. It was fun. The equipment is in decent shape - some of the windsurf boards have missing footstraps and such, and there were no harnesses. The snorkelling was just ok. The Taino has a grassy reef enclosed in their swimming area, and fish will flock to you looking for food (I brought out bread and mashed bananas in a baggie to feed them the 2nd time.) But, the reef is pretty much dead so if you go anywhere else, there's no fish, no life to speak of. We also snorkelled WAY out near the wreck offshore (had to watch out for boats speeding by..... and that was neat - got to only about 40 feet of water and clear as a bell. Nice reef formations, but its pretty dead. Worth doing tho. Ok - the rooms were...... decent. Never had trouble with power, airconditioning or hot water. There ARE two beds tho - one double bed and one twin. We had no problem sleeping on the double, but for some people, it might present a problem. We preferred Taino over Bamboo in that the rooms of the Bamboo were quite a distance walk from the beach as opposed to our room - a few steps. Otherwise, the Bamboo has several advantages in that the nightly entertainment facility is an open air one - so the smokers don't bother you like they do at Taino's facility which is a closed room; the buffets are larger and have more variety - plus they greet you with a Tequila Sunrise upon entry at dinner; and the lobby area is gorgeous. But, the vendors were there more frequently than at Taino. Oh, vendors are not a problem at the beach. They may walk by, but don't stop to bug you. Only stop if you ask. We didn't see much of the nightly entertainment - for one, it was smoky in there, and for another, the talent is mainly locals - and while they CAN dance, once you see them, it's basically the same thing in different costumes. The Michael Jackson show tho was superb. We only caught the tail end and wished we'd seen it all. Regarding tipping - these employees make about $50US a week and work 10-12 hrs a day and do a super job. We ended up tipping many of the waiters and waitresses a $1 here and there - and once gave a guy $5 - then realized that's half his wages for one day! not a big deal to us, but a BIG deal to the Dominicans. So, don't be stingy, We didn't know it, but you can change your large US bills for $1 bills at the front desk. They are happy to do that for you, as they know where they are going.... Taxi from the airport cost us about $33 with tip; gas is close to $6/gallon there. We also took the public bus to Santo Domingo and then another one up to Cabarete. Email me if you have any Q's. We also loved the dancing they had at night - a pool and beach party; aerobics in the sand in the morning; Merengue lesson in the afternoon. We did not go to the Island Sanoa. It is a two hour bus ride each way - and didn't want to spend our vacation time on a bus. Hear you can take a catamarin tho. Now - That might be a great way to go!  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rdc6060
<Content>Great Time at Riu Taino My girlfriend and I stayed at the Riu Taino from May 24-29th, 2008. We had a great time, and would certainly go back to the Taino. We aren't very picky, just give us a beach and some sun and we will have a great time; and that's exactly what the Taino offers. Beach/Pools:We absolutely loved the beach and pools. We never had a problem finding chairs on the beach. It could get a little crowded near the main pool, but you could usually find a couple chairs if you looked hard enough. The swim-up bar was fun. The activities put on by the Animacion staff were fun to watch. Room:Our room was perfectly fine. Maybe a little older, but still perfectly clean, and the AC and everything worked fine, no problems. We even had a nice little private porch, which was nice to sit and have a drink on. The maid did a great job keeping the room clean, and the mini bar was always replenished. Food:The breakfast buffet in the main dining room was always fine. We typically stuck to the fresh fruit and muffins, which were fine. The INDOOR lunch buffet in the main dining room was fine as well, but the OUTDOOR lunch buffets were a bit more interesting. There seemed to always be some bugs, flies and birds swarming around the outdoor lunch buffets, and didn't seem to be too sanitary. The dinners were great. The dinner buffet in the main dining room was fine as well, but we much preferred the specialty restaurants. For some reason due to either scheduling or being late on making the dinner reservations, we only ending up eating at the Italian restaurant and one other specialty restaurant (Mexican night), and we didn't get a chance to eat at the Steak House. However, both were good, but we enjoyed the Italian restaurant so much we ended up eating there 3 nights in a row (Gustavo and Johanna are a great waitstaff). Other:The little shops on Caribbean Street were fun to browse through, and all locals we met seemed very friendly. If you have any other questions feel free to contact me, I'd be happy to elaborate on any aspect of my trip. It was a great time, and we would certainly go back in a heartbeat. I miss the beach already!  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>Chicago_Summer
<Content>Never Going Back to the Riu Taino! I stayed at the Riu Taino from May 21-26, 2008 on the recommendation of friends, and here are the pros and cons:Pros:Beautiful beaches; efficient service; clean rooms; Bavarro Runners has great, fun excursions; the hotel has many activities that kept my husband occupied while I laid out; the spa had nice massages (could have been a bit better); fresh juice servied dailyCons:The hotel compound (including the casino) has NO ATM anywhere, so bring lots of cash!; the villa rooms are very old and run down, so only good for those on a budget; the hotel is very loud and not fit for people looking for a really relaxing vaca; Food - most of the food was served buffet style, and it was left out, and outdoors, for long periods of time. Nothing is made to order. That is very unhealthy! Even when trying to watch what I ate and drank, I still managed to catch an E-Coli bacterial infection as a result of the food at the Riu Taino. It's miserable and I'm still suffering through it. I would definitely go back to the Dominican, but never again to this resort!  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	5	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>kellly242
<Content>Needs improvement       view from room  
<Date>May 10, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	4	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>misscolleen
<Content>Was alright, although I'd never return Myself, my fiance, and another couple decided to take a trip to the D.R, and since this was in our price range, we decided to go to the Riu Taino. It was our first trip ever, so we had no clue what to expect. Before I start let me just say that I now know that I need to do research on the resort before actually going.PROS- very quick checkin, bell boys very helpful - they met you as soon as you got off the bus and took your luggage where-ever it needed to go. -all staff was very friendly and kind, especially the bartenders-room was clean - everything worked the way it was suppose to -mini-bar in room was stocked daily. if you tipped the staff that was refilling, you could have whatever you wanted (i.e. switch the beer for pepsi)-the beach was gorgeous! there were plenty of loungers to go around so we didn't have to wait for anyone to leave-the main pool was awesome - located right off the reception and between 2 of the restaurants (one being outdoors so you didn't have to change if you wanted something to eat)-breakfast was really good, had lots to choose from and always hotCONS-food wasn't the best, and very repetitive. Some thing were very questionable as to what they were....-nightly entertainment wasn't the greatest. There were always shoes, but some of them really sucked-having to check out at 11am really sucked considering our bus wasn't scheduled to pick us up until 6pm-be careful when booking activities. We had booked quite a few with someone who represented the agency we went with, and one of them was cancelled and you'd think that someone would show up at the meeting area to tell you this so you don't wait around for an hour or more .. but no. We eventually got the hint and went back to the resort. We did get our money back tho!! Also, we had booked horseback riding and we waited an extra 45 minutes only to find out by a different person that was scheduling trips that our rep didn't even schedule a pickup for us for the horseback riding. -while trying to relaxing on the beach, we contantly got harrassed by people trying to sell necklaces and bracelets which were WAYYY too expensive (but you could haggle them tho) -the disco would open at 10pm, but it wouldn't actually get going until around 2am and you had to pay for your own drinks, when we were told that our drinks would be included...The other thing that really sucked was when we first arrived at the hotel, we can at the tail end of Tropical Storm Noah? (i think that's what it was called) so it poured for 3 days non stop - but the hotel obviously couldn't control this, so we dealt with it. Next time we'll do our hurricane research, that's for sure!! lolAll and all it was an alright time. I personally wouldn't go back. There wasn't much to do and we didn't want to go off the resort on our own because it looked very sketchy (i know it's a 3rd world country, but I just didn't feel safe)  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>MidWestMary
<Content>Honest Review...odds and ends.       Photo credit:Mary Bavaro sunrise  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>laryco
<Content>great time       beach chairs  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	1	

<Author>PT_King
<Content>Riu Taino good value       Beachfront of the Riu Taino  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>cmpOttawa_ON
<Content>Great STay We just returned from our first trip to Punta Cana. We have nothing to compare the Taino to but we have nothing but good things to say about it. We arrived at 4 a.m. Check in took all of five minutes and within another five minutes of arrving in our room, our baggage was delivered. We were very pleased with the room. This hotel is older and not as fancy as the Macao and the Palace but it is absolutely fine! It was just as good as our hotel in Paris last summer. We found the quality of the housekeeping to be excellent. I agree, however, with other reviews about the sheets being a little small and there were no mattress covers so each morning, the bed was quite a mess. I found the beds comfortable and, yes, the pillows were small but in the scheme of things, that is not an issue. the only issue we had with the room was regarding the air conditioning which did not work one day (we had left a window open and it will not work until it is closed) and within 5 minutes of calling, someone arrived. We were impressed!We had some built in concern about the buffet, based on reviews we had read, however, we were most impressed. Yes, you see much the same thing each day, but there is so much variety that it is impossible to get bored.Staff was friendly and attentive. We spent most of our time by the pool. It is incredibly close to the beach so we would move back and forth. Yes, you need to get down quickly in the morning to reserve you chair, but we found we wanted to be down there early anyway. That is when it is most quiet. By mid-morning, the beach gets quite congested and we enjoyed the peacefulness the early morning provided. There was always lots of activity around the pool and although we were rather lazy, we enjoyed watching the water fitness, dance classes, etc.It was a great holiday. There seems to be a great deal of disagreement on this resort. I think there are newer and older rooms. If you get a room in the newer sector, it seems to be fine. We talked to another couple who were not pleased, and they were moved immediately. They were pleased with the reception they received to their request.I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel. If you are looking for fancy, you might want to look beyond the TAino, we were very happy with our experience.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Cutter9
<Content>Amazing Time Had Ok after spending the last month before we left reading some reviews on here we were a little hesitant about what we were in for at the Riu Taino.We just got back from spending a week there yesterday. And what we found ourselves doing alot last week was looking at each other in astonishment and saying How could you not enjoy everything about this place !!!!ROOMS: Yes the rooms are kinda small but if the only reason you head south is stay in your room then stay home. The maids did an amazing job as our room was completely spotless each and every day. We left the maid 2 bucks a day and a small gift at the end of the week and thats all.Trust me we spent every single day on the beach so we tracked alot of sand into our room and she got every grain of it cleaned each day.Fridge was stocked regularily and the liqour dispenser was used at the end of everyday....God I loved that thing.FOOD: Had no problems finding something different to eat everyday and it was all good. Particularily enjoyed the Italian ala carte. Went to it twice and both great meals. Staff at all restaurants and buffets friendly and always right there to top up your wine glass.SERVICE: Incredible service. The La Bamba bar is great and the bar staff is nothing short of amazing !!!! Great people very funny and always kept you laughing. They live to see you drinking and having fun and you can tell they really enjoy their jobs.BEACH: One word....SPECTACULAR...enough said.ENTERTAINMENT: Considering they are all amateurs they do an incredible job. Had a good laugh at every show we went to. I wish I had an ounce of Charlie Lopez's energy.OVERALL: Two thumbs up for the Riu Taino and its staff. To anyone that comes here that is heading there for a vacation be rest assured you will have as much fun as you allow yourself to as only you can make your visit there unenjoyable. Enjoy it you will love it and say hi to Luis and the boys at La Bamba.Feel free to contact me for more info anytime.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>BJRSask
<Content>terrible room Jan 4-10/08 When we arrived at our room, our door was open which we found a little odd. BUT when you got in you knew why! It was so musty and moldy smelling it was hard to breathe. The beds were terrible, they sagged in the middle, the sheets were like sand paper, they smelled of mold, B.O. and urine. We took pictures of the mold on the beds. There was also mold on the backs of the curtains and in the shower. The drain in the sink was rusty. The shower head sprayed water every where. Taps dripped water all the time. When we arrived they should of had someone there to welcome you and show you the which restaurants you could eat at. There was hostess all dressed up in Domincan attire and she said we needed reservations to eat in the main restaurant. Went to main desk and asked they said we could eat there anytime with out reservations. The food was good that night ate and drank lots. We arrived there on Jan 4 there didn't seem to be too many vacationers there so the service was great. By Saturday night the food was all starting to taste the same, could not stomach anymore of it.  It seemed all the restaurants served the same food even the ones you had to make reservations for all buffet style. Some of the drinks had liquor in them and then the next drink came with no liquor it seemed you had to tip every drink. We did not appreciate the peddlars that came to the hotel to sell their goods, very pushy and snobby when you were not interested. Coming from Saskatchewan the beach was beautiful, the heat, the sun and the climate was great. It was our first beach holiday,we booked through Sunquest and complained to them about the terrible room and they were not receptive to it at all. We enjoyed our time away from home but will never stay there again. The room ruined our entire holiday. Steve and Teresa  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	3	2	2	2	3	

<Author>Got2GoTravel
<Content>Definetely Not A 5 Star Resort!!!!! This was my 5th time to Punta Cana and I can honestly say that, although I love Punta Cana, this was by far the worst resort that I have ever stayed at. My fiance and I booked this trip last minute and was advised that the RIU Taino was an amazing place to stay at - well we beg to differ. This resort is graded as a 5 star but I would say it is more like a 3 star. Let me start off by saying that we are not picky travelers and we travel to various distintaions every year (sometimes twice a year). So by us typing this negative review, there must have been some issues. ROOMS - The rooms are very small and the beds are two single beds so if you are larger people they are not very comfortable. They provide you with one small pillow and the beds are like sleeping on the floor (rock hard). However, they will bring you another pillow upon request. The washrooms are okay but the showers are small. The bar was well stocked and the liquor dispensers were always full (not that we used it since we had plenty of alcohol throughout the day). The maids came in daily and did a nice job on the rooms and would even leave a towel decoration with flowers in your room which was nice. We usually tipped them 2-3 dollars a day.STAFF/FOOD - I didn't find the staff as friendly at that this resort as I did at the Allegro, Grand Palladium, Occidental Grand Flemenco. The grounds staff, maids and reception staff were usually friendly but the bar and restaurant staff didn't appear to be that happy. It was also hard to get some sort of service in the buffet restarurants (and we are good tippers). The buffet restaurant was always packed and there was no such thing as waiting in line for your turn to the selections. Many people would bud and even try to take your toast when it came out of the toaster. We enjoyed the remainder of our meals at the sister resort RIU Bamboo which I enjoyed very much. People were friendlier over there and the selection of food was better over there. The RIU Taino food was not all that great, including the specialty restaurants.POOL - All I can say is that the pool at the sister resorts are better. We spent most of our time at the Bamboo resort's pool. Happier people over there and party galour. If you are interested in oil paintings - buy your painting around the Bamboo swim up pool bar (Johnny is very nice and does amazing work)BEACH - The beaches are amazing in Punta Cana no matter what resort you stay at but beach chairs we scarce on our resort since people would head down to the beach in the early morning and save them. We would just walk down the beach until we came across some vacant ones (no big deal).I would recommend that if you are going to stay at a RIU resort in Punta Cana you book the Bamboo, Palace Macao or the RIU Palace (which is breathtaking - we walked through it).I would not return to the RIU Taino resort again for numerous reasons no matter how cheap it was.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>3	3	1	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>davedr
<Content>Second Trip to Punta Cana -Riu Taino not the best!!! Enjoyed our stay at the Riu Taino Feb 20-27th (Two adults age 41 and 37, two kids 14 and 12, Mom and Dad in-law 77 and 79 years)but were disappointed with a few things. We had read many reviews both good and bad. We are not picky people, good old Saskatchewan folk, but we found the Riu pale in comparison to the Grand Palladium Resort and Spa we had stayed at in 2006. I guess the biggest thing was the rooms, now I know you don't spend much time there but they were small, older and yes musty. 15-20 years of humidity like that no wonder. We did get used to this after a day or two. But it seems to me they have added the older resort to the Taino, as we were left of the second pool, this is shown as a seperate resort on many maps- no patio doors on these older style villas, wished we had been in the ones that are pictured on the web site. The beds, which eveyone complains about, I actually found to be ok, except there were no blankets, just a thin, thin bedspread on a sheet. They are firm beds, and yes smaller than what you may be used to....but just have a rum before bed!! Ha ha. We asked the front desk for blankets and they delivered them before 3 that day, then all was well. The water and beer guy was good the first two days then we didn't see him much. Maybe should have tipped more????Hotel staff at the restaurants, bar, pool all great. Beach fantastic, resort grounds very nice. Food ok, not as good as last trip. Not as much selection I guess. We got tired of the buffet after a couple days. We did the Italian and the Steak house, both pretty good. All in all, we still had a great trip, just not as 5 Star as the Grand Palladium. But taking the kids there would have been considerably more $$$$. Excursions: We did the Outback Safari, 2nd time with this company,(Peurto Plata 2001) we enjoyed this much more than the Monster Truck Safari-they just look after you better. Also did the Dolphin Island tour, quite an experience. More costly than Manati Park but apparently more time with the dolphins. Not much for English speaking staff here, they spoke more French and Spanish. Oh well the dolphins don't speak either, and that is why we went. They are truly beautiful, gentle creatures.This year we didn't take anything but American cash, we spent about 400.00 on bracelets, t-shirts, cigars, vanilla, coffee, coconut oil etc. More because of the kids of course. Lots of nice shops on Caribe Street, in the center of all the Riu's. Skyservice was fine, no leg room, but big plane, food was good cause we were starving!!! Our flight was two hours late leaving Punta Cana, we enjoyed the Wendy's at the airport very much. Almost exactly like home.So in summary, if you want 5 Star, book at the Riu Palace, or Grand Palladium Resort and Spa. IF you just want a clean friendly resort where the ocean is turquoise, the sand is soft and white, the Riu Taino will not disappoint.Shannon- Nipawin Sk, Cananda  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>4	3	2	3	3	3	4	3	

<Author>OntarioJuanita
<Content>definitely a 3 star at 5 star prices It was a beautiful property and beaches but,the rooms are small,the beds are small and very uncomfortable. BRING YOUR OWN PILLOW . The food was below average and the buffet was very over crowded. The specialty restaurants were awfull and we found the staff to be unfriendly. Fortunately we had access to the sister resorts, the food and service was much better,and the atmosphere seemed to be a little more upbeat. Definitley the last time we go ro a Riu.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	3	5	5	2	3	

<Author>Terpatt
<Content>Great for Budget Travel My husband and I are in our 40s and we went on this vacation knowing it was to be a trip on a budget; therefore, we had no preconceived notions. We found that a little bit of Spanish was appreciated by at least the activities staff. What a way to make a living, having fun all day. Try some volleyball or catamaran sailing. It looked like a lot of fun. I tried parasailing for the first time and had an enjoyable experience.I had a great time just people watching and trying to meet and communicate with people from different countries. Try all of the ala' carte restaurants. The Mexican food was excellent, sounds like the steakhouse is hit or miss but I had one of the best steaks ever there. The Italiano had great food also. The best part about the buffet was lunch. All the cold salads and fruits were very refreshing with it being so hot there. We didn't overeat or drink too much. In the heat there, that's almost asking to be sick.Do some exploring to the other Riu resorts. The bar at the Riu Bambu had some refreshing and freshly made frozen drinks in the evening. Walk the beach both ways-great exercise.We usually take excursions while on vacation but due to the mixed reviews we decided not to book any but there was so much to do at the resorts-didn't feel like we were missing out.The internet rates are reasonable. $5 for 25 minutes is a good deal.I must be a prude because at first I was quite uncomfortable with all the topless beach goers but it became routine after a while.In the room-it is advertised that the bar/fridge are stocked every other day and it sounds like if you didn't tip then that's exactly what happened. In completing a survey, we suggested stocking more frequently and an in-room coffee maker. There is no room service either which was disappointing so you have to trudge down to the restaurant to get coffee in the morning. Nature lovers will love to sit out on the balcony and check out the birds. That was a very relaxing part of every day.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>ESCAPEWINTER2008
<Content>Enjoyed the Riu Taino We were thoroughly empressed with the Riu Taino! We went for a 2 week stay and were not disappointed! The airport was a bit confusing as far as not really knowing how to find our bus to take us to the resort. We sort of had to wander around with all of our luggage in a maze full of buses of various sizes in the airport parking lot. This was a bit frustrating but we finally managed to find the right one to take us to the hotel. The Riu was a 30 minute bus ride away. Once there the check in went very smoothly and we were even able to move to a room closer to our friends without a problem. The rooms were clean and more than sufficient. I'm not sure how much time people spend in rooms, but having a balcony a clean bathroom, a comfortable bed and airconditioning made this room wonderful. We enjoyed 2 weeks of sunshine and hot weather. The beach is breathtaking with soft white sand and extraordinary blue clear water. We spent most of our days laying on the beach chairs by the water and it was never a problem to get chairs. There were reefs close by that made for fun snorkeling--all kinds of neat fish that would come eat banana right out of your hand. The water is very clear so even if you don't have a mask (which you can also borrow from your resort) you can see the fish come up to the surface of the water for food. We took a catamaran out a few times and that was alot of fun. They are very easy to sail and don't take much skill. If you're nervous you can take a lesson for $25 but it was very easy to get the hang of so save your money and just give it a shot. You can use the catamarans, snorkeling equipment, windsurfers, paddle boats and kayakes for free. You just have to go up and book them (1 hour time slots) with the people at one of the booths. There were a bunch of beach vendors that were set up down the beach from our resort and we took many trips down the beach to do some shopping. Of course they insist they are giving you the very best price while all along quoting a price that is often 4 times higher than what you actually should pay. Haggling is the name of the game! There are lots of paintings, jewellery, sarongs, t-shirts, and wood carvings. We only did one excersion and that was the catamaran trip to Saona Island. This trip took us on an hour and a half bus ride to and from the pick up location. That part was exhausting. I didn't like spending 3 hours on a bus--even though it was air conditioned. The catamaran trip out to the island was really fun with music, dancing and lots of rum. Once we got to the island, it was rather disappointing. Although it is beautiful, it was no more beautiful than our own beach at the resort. It was apparently a little windy that day so it wasn't calm which is its claim to fame. Then we stopped at a natural pool on the way back in the motor boats, but really it was just an area of the ocean that didn't have waves. Boring! We did find one star fish there though. The a la carte restaurants were good and there was no limit as to how many times we ate at them which was probably 10 out of 13 nights. Our favourite was the Mexican restaurant where they made you fresh quesadillas. The steak house was good too and a bit of a surprise to have good steak while in the Dominican. The food at the buffets were more than adequate with lots of selection. I personally loved the fresh fruit smoothies blended every morning! I worked out in the gym and they had free weights as well as treadmills, steppers, and bikes. No airconditioning there only a few slow moving fans. But hey, it made me feel like I was really working hard with all the sweat pouring off of me! There is a street right next to the hotel called Caribe Street where there are all kinds of shops including clothing stores,painting store, a drug store, a confectionary (chips $5, chocolate bars $3), bathing suit store, stores with blow kids toys and air mattresses. Many of the tourists came from Europe with very few from the States and about 20% from Canada. Many of the staff could speak some english or at least enough to communicate with one another. The bartenders at the La Bamba bar were exceptional and we made some good friends! The Domincans really love their sugar and the majority of their drinks were quite sweet which got a bit much after a few days there. Also, they only had Pepsi and being Coke fans, that was a little disappointing. We booked through Sunquest and they had a Sunquest rep there to help us with anything we needed. When it was time to go the airport to leave, we were supposed to check the Sunquest binder to see if our plane was on time and when we did, it said that the plane was on time so we went to the airport. We ended up waiting there an extra 3 hours for our plane which was really frustrating because those were 3 hours we could have hung on the beach instead of at an airport. All in all we would definitely go back to this resort and to this country. We would also book with Riu again in other countries as this resort met all of our expectations! If you are looking for a clean, safe, fun, beautiful resort that isn't stuffy or too upscale this is definitely the place for you. Regular people enjoying a great vacation!!  
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>mailroom2008
<Content>Very Nice We stayed at the Riu Taino from Febrary 9 - 16. We are from Toronto Ontario, an early 20's couple on our first vacation together and travelling to the carribean for our first time. We travelled with Skyservice using Sunquest vacations and booked through Flight Centre. The flight left about an hour late and was pretty cramped. However, being 6ft tall this was expected. We were given the $10 travellers card before boarding the plane, I know some people had to pay this upon arrival at the Punta Cana Airport. Found our bus fairly quickly and waited awile for it to fill up. I had a problem with these fellow passengers as they complained that the air conditioning was on too high and asked for it to be turned off. Idiots. At least the Riu Taino was the first stop and took about 25 to get there. Looking at the small cities you pass in the bus makes you not want to travel far from the resort. Sketchy!! Check in was painless as it was 11pm at the time. Our bags were taken to our room which was a fair distance from the main lobby but it's so nice and warm out that it really doesn't matter. The rooms are nice enough. Very clean with everything you need. There is a safe in the room at no extra cost. The worst part of the room is the two twin beds pushed together. A queen or king size bed would be nice. Fairly stiff bed and pillows but that didn't bother me. The bathroom was small but how much room do you need? There were a couple really small ants in the bathroom but they were no match for my human size finger. OK the best part. The beach is outstanding. I would like someone to show me a better beach than this. Very hard to top. Soft sand, warm clear water, and enough beach chairs to go around. The beach is a little cramped at the Taino however we spent most of our time at the Bambu beach as it's much larger with more chairs. The pool at the bambu is much larger as well, along with the swim up bar there. It's a little smaller at the Taino. It was 28C everyday before the humidex, hardly cloudy at all, and it rained every day for 2 minutes at night. We didn't see any shows at the indoor Taino ballroom because it was very smokey in there and we preffered to be outdoors so we went to the bambu every night. The break dancers were the best show for sure. Outstanding! Overall the food was ok. We did NOT get sick however we were scarred from stories of other guests who got sick which made us very nervous the whole week. So we were very picky when meant we got very bored of the food. There is a HUGE selection at every meal and if we weren't worried about getting sick we would not have been bored I'm sure. The service at Taino and Bambu were alright. Some people were good, others didn't care. I only tipped the ones who actually made an extra effort. Finally, I would stay here again for sure although I'd try to book at the bambu. I think we will try a different country altogether next time but I would trust staying at the other Riu's available down south. Unless you're a super snob and only stay in luxary don't go here. If you're a normal person who wants a nice vacation on the beach then I absolutley recommend this place! AND HAVE FUN.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>davrule4
<Content>Nice Trip Had a nice trip. The beaches are worth the trip. The room was clean. Just leave tips and notes. If you ask for more beer or water they will bring it. The reception is not good. When you check in you are given no info. Get to the beach right after breakfest. I suggest a bubba keg. They will fill these at the bar and then you can have nice cold beer on the beach. Bring some dollars for tips. The staff was ok, some tried and some did not. try all the diffrent places to eat. bring money, the atm is a hike. if you are american don't expect to make friends. The people are mostly german and they are not to kind. Overall worth the stay.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	2	4	-1	

<Author>naturewoman
<Content>Great family vacation! This was our first time to Domincan Republic and our first time at a Riu. We had a great time...great beach...great staff. I don't want to repeat everyone else so first of all-out of 9 people in our group three got sick. They recovered in a day or two. Second, very few people from the states (mostly Canadians and Europeans) which I think is a plus because I want to feel like I'm on vacation... not back in New York. Thirdly...I was told to expect a $20US exit fee payable at the airport when leaving but it didn't happen but be prepared and save the cash. We had a great time...the resort was beautiful.....would I go back? First I want to try other places in the same price range in different tropical countries. Feel free to e-mail if you want more info.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	4	

<Author>Adanac00
<Content>Cant Wait to go back to TAINO!! My wife and i just returned from 7 days at the Riu Taino and had a Great time! We dont have any complaints and will defiently go back again!!We arived at aprox 20:30 so it was dark and there was a Street party that they have every thrusday going on out side our hotel so we had to be droped off at the Riu Naiboa. We were then walked to the Taino with Hotel employees bringing our bags. Check in was Fast only 2 mins and we were taken to our Bungalow! One point the rooms at the Taino have a Main power Switch as soon as you come in the door it is on the Right side it turns off all power to the room lights, tv, clock everything. (caught us off gaurd walked back and was told how to turn it on) Room was decent not amazing but suits the purpose. Tv worked and even had a few English Channels!Beach was Amazing nice blue water! warm and very enjoyable! Always found 2 chairs to sit on even after an excursion getting back at 13:00 there were still chairs! Pool was Nice and pool bar was good! A little harder to get chairs at the pool usaly by 8:30 they were all reserved (good old towel game) Staff were Fantasitc and very very friendly Wilken in the main buffet was great and always helpfull! Buffet were good never had a problem finding somthing to eat we are not pickey eaters but there should never be a problem finding food!! We ate at 2 of the dinners we ate at the Mexican wich was GREAT, food was fresh tastey and HOT! the second one we tried was the Steak house.. Out of my 7 days there this was my only complaint with the hole trip!! the prepared dinner here was just plain BAD all of it the steaks were really bad i had chicken that wasnt cooked the vegies were either WAY passed cooked or just bad!! i would not let this ruin my night so we just went to the buffet and filled up on Great food!Tips: Tips are included in your stay but that doesnt mean you shouldnt Tip its apreciated and sometimes it gets you the little extra. We tiped our Maid $2 every day and also put out little gifts for her also every day. Our Fridge was stocked every day and i left a not asking for more Brama beer and Pepesi and they were restocked every day! i left them a $2 tip also with usaly a pack of Gum!! We tried to sit in the same area in the Buffet for our meals so we could use the same people and when we recevied good service we tiped!!Excursions- we chose 2 excusions we went on the Carribien Festivle and Tropical Storm. in our opinion the Tropical storm was way better. it was alot of fun and every one enjoyed themselfs turned out to be a major Party and alot of drinkin and alot of Dancing what a great Time staf on the boat was Awsome and Capt Jose was a great Guy... when we were done this cruise we wanted to book it again it was that good and that much FUN!!!Carrabien Festivle was Fun alot more relaxed alot more Family Orientated and getting to see the Nurse Sharks and hold the Manta Rays was really neat Also.. was a little Rushed at the sharks and rays and wasnt as much Fun as Tropical storm but still nice!!hints of what to take... we didnt see ANY bugs at all.. my best advice would be to take a Thermal mug i took a 30oz and my wife took a 20oz and the bartenders had no problem filling them up for us.. Worked great.. Also bring gifts for the locals or employees its a nice thought!Our Sunquest Rep Jorge was Awsome great help and easy to talk to he help make things great for use!Anyways My Wife and i are looking forword to Returning to this Hotel again SOON we would recomend it to Anyone that wants to have a great time and relax.. if you have any questions just ask!Adanac00 and wife!  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>charlie071
<Content>Loved the Taino This was our first time to the Dominican, we have stayed at many all inclusives in other areas in the Carribean/Atlantic and this was up there. Loved it, we were down for a cousins wedding and everything was wonderful, the rooms were terrific, bottled water at all times, beer in the fridge every day, the food was fantastic, yes, some weren't labeled, but that was ok. The beaches were white and clean, water was wonderful, there was lots of stuff for our kids to do. The animacion people were great, kept us on our toes, but if we didn't want to join, they didn't bother us like at other resorts. I would definately recommend the Riu Taino and will definately go again.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mistyontario
<Content>Just returned from Dominican republic We just returned from two weeks at the Riu Tiano in the Dominican Republic; the resort was beautiful, very very clean and the people working there very friendly, could not do enough for you. Lots of food choice although not all dishes labelled so you were unsure what was in them. Our sunquest rep should of informed us upon arrival not to drink anything with coconut in it as we experienced persistent diarhhea and would not have had we been told. One of our party ended up in hospital because of this and lost four days of vacation time so that was not impressive. We would not recommend going to a hospital unless absolutely necessary as you are left in your clothes at all times, not many people spoke english and intravenous turned off at 11 pm and not turned on until 6am. We think the Sunquest rep should have informed us about the coconut but he did inform us about not drinking the water. We did and were safe to drink the drinks and ice as we personally saw the bottled water being brought in. The rooms at the resort were spotlessly clean and very comfortable. The beach was beautiful, the pool as well.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wandaIowa
<Content>Fabulous Vacation Stayed at Rio Taino 2-9-08 to 2-16-08 and LOVED IT. We had an ocean View bungalow with the most incredible view, simply breathtaking. Those that leave bad reviews are CRAZY! Beautiful white sand beaches, dark blue waters you can see for miles. No vendors on the beach except a couple on Thurs and Friday to bug you like at an El Cid(which we will never ever stay at in Mazatlan ever again). Market is down the beach aways, so you can take a great walk on the beach to shop if you desire to. The vendors down at the market are very friendly also. Our rooms were very clean, staff everywhere are very pleasant and aim to please you. Food was good, very plentiful, have no complaints. The steakhouse food was Superb, Italiano restaurant was also great. Buffet food was always plentiful and very good. We are simple Iowa people looking for a great clean beach resort which the Taino is definitley one of these type resorts. Nothing fancy, so don't expect the Ritz. We preferred the entertainment the the Bambu a bit better both at night and during the day at the swimup bar.. Just a FABULOUS VACATION that we will book again next year at the Taino as well.. Pat and Wanda , Manly, Iowa  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Buckinghamshire777
<Content>Book the Riu Taino NOW!!       Our room  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LoveTheTaino
<Content>Loved the Taino - AGAIN       The reason we come here  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>riuhater
<Content>hated the riu we were booked for the barcelo palace in d.r. we were bumped for 3 days to the riu. 2 twin beds, hard as a rock. 2 inch pillows. no bottled water except to buy in the gift shop. broken shower, gecko living in the room. rusted fridge inside and out. no coffee maker in room, 2 beer limit in room per day. not my idea of a nice place. beach was beautiful if you could find a chair to look at it. never again  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sippi215
<Content>loved the riu taino Just got back from this reort with a group of 12 from iowa. Stayed Jan. 23 thru Jan. 31. Greatly recommend this resort. The staff was magnificant, the food great and the resort is so clean and accomodating. Age group of 23-58. They met all of our needs. The outside bar was just wonderful and we met so many new friends. My husbands gold braclet broke off during the night, the maid found it in the bed while cleaning, the bed was made and the braclet lay in the middle of the bed when we returned, great staff!!!!No pushy staff, just plain fun!!! We will be going back in 2009, already processing the vacation. Great place!!!!!!  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>CanTravel77
<Content>Was great till ripped off       Beach in afternoon  
<Date>Feb 2, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>oct13bride
<Content>Our wonderful honeymoon at the Taino My husband and I spent 2 fabulous weeks at this resort. It was a delayed honeymoon for us and we were very happy we chose this resort. To give you a bit of background, we鈥檙e in our late 20鈥檚  early 30鈥檚 and this is my 3rd trip to an all inclusive  his 2nd. We flew Skyservice from Toronto. There was a lot of turbulence on the way there, but we arrived safely, got through customs and towards our bus. The first stop was at Riu Naiboa  then we were the 2nd to be dropped off. Check-inWe arrived at the resort at 1pm. Our room wasn鈥檛 ready so we grabbed a bite to eat at the buffet  walked around the resort  beach to get a feel for the place. The beach is beautiful, the pool is a decent size, but a rather small swim-up bar. The reception area is large  open. We got our room, just a basic room, nothing special. Yes, it is a little old  tired, but the room was very clean and a good size. We loved having the liquor dispenser and the mini fridge, it came in handy on the few rainy days that we had.FoodThe food was very good. We were happy with the quality of food, comparing it to the food we had in Cuba, it was 10 times better!! A lot of people complain about the lack of variety in the buffet options. I don鈥檛 get it, they have different meats (veal, pork, chicken, meatballs, steak鈥?, they have different seafood options (I don鈥檛 eat the stuff, but my husband enjoyed it), they plenty of different sides from a variety of different potato styles, to pasta, to rice, to nachos, to soups, veggies etc. The 脿 la carte dinners were fantastic  we were happy with them all. I鈥檓 a picky eater  I managed to eat a lot and neither of us got sick. The PoolsThe Taino has 2 pools, the larger one with the swim-up bar. It was a nice pool, but I didn鈥檛 enjoy it because there were too many rowdy drunk people. I get it, it鈥檚 an all-inclusive, and that's how the enjoyed their holiday. I preferred to stay at the other pool. It鈥檚 a smaller pool with a children鈥檚 area. My hubby  I just stayed on the other side opposite the children area. This pool didn鈥檛 have a swim up bar, but that鈥檚 fine, because we brought 32oz Bubba Kegs which kept our drinks cold  they lasted longer than the small plastic cups. I highly suggest Bubba Kegs. Many people had them, and those who didn鈥檛 wished they had. The BeachThe beach was beautiful!! That鈥檚 all I can say about it! We walked the beach a couple of days. We went left towards the other Riu properties. The beach gets wider as you go across the Riu properties. We also went right, which is towards the beach vendors. Make sure you barter with the vendors. Don鈥檛 accept their first price offer!! And if they鈥檙e being stubborn, just say you鈥檒l come back tomorrow. They don鈥檛 like to hear that!!ExcursionsWe only did 1 excursions and it was the Buggy ride. We booked through the people in the lobby, our Sunquest rep wasn鈥檛 there, so we booked through the TUI rep. We were told that we were also going to go on a horse back ride  into a lagoon. But that wasn鈥檛 the case!! We rode dune buggies (which we didn鈥檛 mind) through a small town  across a very dirty  muddy road (it had rained the day before). The only part we didn鈥檛 like about this was the small children begging us for money. What a sin!! We felt so horrible. We brought candy with us in our luggage for our excursions, but forgot to bring it with us on our excursion!!! The weatherIt was hot  sunny 11 out of the 14 days. There were 3 days where it rained on and off all day. PM me if you have any questions.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>travelcouple-0
<Content>Good place, great beach, food not so good My husband and I stayed at the Riu Taino from January 4th to 12th. All in all, it is a good place.Beach: Great white sand, clear blue water with great sunrises! A good idea is to walk to the Riu Bambu a two minute walk away, the beach is nicer and wider than Taino and you can use the Bambu's facilities as well. The beach can get pretty crowded but that's the game with all-inclusive resort areas, we always found a nice place to lay and bake. There was also lots of shade if that's what you're looking for.Staff: Nice. They all work very hard and long hours. The animacion team beats out the energizer bunny, we were wondering if it's really a natural high, for someone to go go go from 5 am to 2 am all the time is pretty awesome but crazy as well. But, they seem to enjoy their work.Rooms: The rooms are pretty basic but it was all we needed, clean bed, clean shower (with big time water pressure and never ran out of hot water). The mini fridge is funny, it's quite old and the door would fall off when we would open it, but we simply placed it back and laughed. It's a dated resort and needs some fixing. We did see some little tiny bugs at the door of the bathroom (ants I think) but the maid cleaned everything everyday and they were still there. What can you do, you are in the tropics. They didn't bother us or go anywhere else in the room, just don't leave food or drinks laying around in the room. The patio is great, pretty big, very clean and we had a great banana tree view.Grounds: Very clean and always trimmed. There was a cat walking around, he/she was cute, named him P'tit Gris (little gray).Pools: The smaller pool at the Taino is a bit dated but so is the rest of the resort. We still spent lots of time there since it's so close to the rooms, the bar, the bathrooms and the restaurant. It's all right there. We didn't go to the bigger pool bar but it seemed nice.Food: Hmm, not great, not terrible, but not great. I came to the conclusion that I might be a picky eater. The restaurants weren't great either, my husband got sick after the Italian restaurant and our friend got sick after the Mexican restaurant. The Chinese was probably the best and it wasn't great. I was sick at the end our of trip, stomach cramps and fever, not sure what it was but it wasn't fun. I understand the concept of the food in the islands (not the best) but I've had much better food at other resorts in the Caribbean. You won't starve that's for sure, but....blurk. Let's just say I ate lots of fries. The drinks are ok, the fruity ones are VERY sweet so if you're not into beer I recommed the Santo Libre (sprite with rum). Yes, the sprite IS less sweet than the fruity drinks! But it's all good. Drink the wine out of a jug or the champagne and you'll be great.Excursions: We did the Monster Truck Safari, loved it. If you want culture, breath taking natural beauty and fun, go. You drive through the town of Higuey, so you get to see the town and their ways (outdoor meat market), and then drive about an hour into the jungle. All you can drink on the truck (better drinks than at the resort), great tour guide, and great food at restaurant in the middle of the jungle (again better than the resort). You'll visit a typical dominican house, a school, a cobble stone river, a sugar cane plantation, a [-] fight (they don't finish it, thank God!), and a coconut plantation. You'll learn lots about the Dominican. Bring gifts for the kids if you can, they are so appreciative of anything. When a 5 year old is excited about tooth paste, it doesn't take much. We brought loads of teddy bears and they loved them.In the end, Riu Taino was fun, a great get-away vacation and cool since you can use the Riu Bambu next door. We wouldn't stay there again because we don't expect to return to Punta Cana, after seeing it once, it's enough (not much to do there) and we prefer to explore other areas. Honestly, the Riu Bambu had the best beach on the strip but it's not worth paying more to go to the Bambu, just walk there. We prefered the cheaper Taino, the patio in the room is better, the accomodations are the same at both resorts and so is the food.Just enjoy and have fun!  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Audmod
<Content>Maybe a 3.5 star resort, definitely not 5 star. This trip was my second time to Punta Cana and both times, i stayed with Riu. Compared to my experience five years ago, the Riu property  resorts have not been maintained or upgraded. Everything was the same in terms of room, food, entertainment. If anything, everything went down hill. The beds are terrible and the room looked tired. For the price to stay at a Riu, you can get better quality else where. Also, the beach is very busy with too many people. Over the week of Dec 31 - Jan 7, it was impossible to get a beach lounger or book a a la carte restaurant reservation. The only good thing about the Riu resorts are their staff. They are friendly, courteous and very helpful. Lovely people.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	2	2	3	3	2	

<Author>got to go today
<Content>Great for the $$$$$ Just returned from an awsom week at this resort, the staff are friendly, food was OK, beds are a little in need of replacing,rooms are clean and well looked after. For the price it was everything we exspected  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>eastwood00
<Content>Great value, except for the beds PROS - on Bavaro Beach, one of the best in the Caribbean. Great food, very clean, lots of loungers available all day, lots of shade, pleasant staff, no problem for hobie cat sailing every day. CONS - Beds. Unbelievable for a resort of this calibre. 2 unmatched single beds supplied. No upgrade possible as they told me that's all the entire resort had. You could'nt even put them side by side to form a double because they did not match and all you had for sheets were 2 sets of singles. Very old, worn out and uncomfortable. A lot of Europeans ie. smoke everywhere although there was an ample and pleasant smoke free area in the main buffet. The jacuzzi was cold. I never saw anyone use it. I'm suprised as a 4.5 star they would'nt spend a few extra dollars and heat the jacuzzi. Overall, a great value as long as you can handle the beds.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>gigi75
<Content>I want to go, I want to go to Riu! We stayed at the Riu Taino for New Years 2007 and were pleasantly surprised with our stay. The hotel was beautiful with a huge pool and long stretch of perfect sandy beach. The food was great and the staff were very friendly and helpful. Upon returning home we realized we had accidentally left a wallet in one of our rooms We called the hotel, and the wallet was found and shipped back to us in Ontario, cash and credit cards and all. We will definitely be returning back to the Riu hotels for our next vacation!  
<Date>Jan 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Desireestar
<Content>Loved the clean, beautiful beaches       beautiful beaches  
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>CLMMontreal_Quebec
<Content>Hated the Riu Taino I have just returned with my 21-year old daughter from a one-week stay at the Riu Taino. With the exception of the beautiful but overcrowded beach near our hotel, we disliked practically everything. Our worst experience yet, especially at the 'a la carte' restaurants  the buffet restaurant at the hotel. The food was absolutely horrible. After three days, we were starting to wonder how we would survive the rest of the week. The meals at the buffet restaurant at the hotel were practically always the same; very poor quality of food that tasted awful. After only a few bites, we started having stomach cramps almost instantly. Our first dinner at the Mexican restaurant was terrible, our second one at the Italian restaurant was equally very disappointing to say the least, and our last dinner at the steakhouse was incredibly disgusting. My daughter said her chicken's coating tasted like vomit and after two bites in what was supposed to be a rib-eye steak and finding a live insect in my plate, we just stood up and left so disgusted. Also, we could not believe how the chairs  the floors in that restaurant were unbelievably filthy. After we complained to our Sunquest representative regarding these issues, we were blessed that he arranged reservations for us to have dinner at the Riu Palace for our two last days, thank God. We could hardly believe the difference in the quality of the food, service, cleanliness,  everything else at the Riu Palace. Absolutely amazing  wonderful. Our experience at the Riu Taino was certainly the worst we have ever had. Our room certainly lacked cleanliness  our mattresses  pillows were extremely uncomfortable. The mould all around the bathtub  parts of the faucets falling apart were definitely a sign that the place needs a major overall update. Also, the bedspreads  the extra blanket, (which took 4 days to be received even though my daughter wrote a request for one in spanish), smelled  looked very unclean. I would never return to this hotel and would not recommend it to my worst enemy.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sunny43Toronto
<Content>Awesome       gorgeous grounds from our room  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>TDinOttawa
<Content>Great Place, Food Not so Great For people who want a week in the sun reading, swimming and sun tanning, this place is great. The Taino is the oldest of the 5 Riu hotels in this complex but the bungalow style is nice and the rooms kept clean. The rooms have a fridge and free alchol bottles and a balcony. It is windy and wavy on the beach but the beaches in Punta Cana are gorgeous. It is difficult to swim unless you are a pretty confident swimmer. (lots of undertow) The Dominican staff is very friendly, the atmosphere at the resort very relaxed-lots of Canadians, Germans and French patrons. The food is very average at best so if you want gormet food, you will be disappointed. You won't starve there but we stayed away from the shell fish and meat. If you aren't picky and just want a great beach, clean room and friendly staff-I would recommend this place. Apparently the Riu Palace next door has great food, but we never actually ate there.Be careful at the airport on the way out...they tried to charge several hundred dollars to several Canadians who where over the weight limit. These same people did not have to pay on the way down.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lcgreen3
<Content>RIU TAINO IS THE BEST I just don't get it , people go on vacation, but don't know how to relax. they go to a different country that has different culture, food,language and senery, and they think everything should be the same as back home. my advice, stay at home. this is our forth time to the Riu Taino, an love every minute of it. the food is excellent, rooms are nice, they do smell a little musty, but not bad. this is due to the hot climate outside and the air conditioners running at full tilt inside. the staff that work there is second to none. the nicest people in the world. i don't know how they do it, but they remember us every time we go there. the shows at night are great also. i also heard they are planning to redo it, i hope they don't turn it into a place like the palaces, where all the snooty people go. that would be a real shame.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>stewKingston_Ontario
<Content>Not a five star We have just returned from Riu Taino on Saturday Dec.15th.When we first arrived at 1:00pm we were told we couldn't check in until 3pm. and to just leave our luggage in the lobby. First of all I was not comfortable with that but what else could we do, it was hot and we hadn't eaten since the flight (and that wasn't too tasty). So we changed into our bathing suits and went to the restaurant by the pool. We finally checked in at 3pm. The rooms are very out dated, two single beds pushed together, the pillows are about 1/2 inch thick,(make sure you ask for 2). My daughters room was infested with ants. One of the nights they were in the beds, when the girls came back from the disco....which is quite a little hike, the ants were everywhere. Not much help from the front desk, we did get some clean linens and luckily we had taken some Off for mosquitos and it seemed to help.The food was the usual international cuisine, not much taste.The best part of this resort is the beach, it is beautiful white sand crystal blue water, no seaweed when we were there.The entertainment was really good too, some amazing shows, the dancers are great.I do know that I will not return. I heard from another vacationer that they are tearing down the Taino for renovations, it's time.....  
<Date>Dec 17, 2007
<Rating>3	3	1	3	2	2	1	2	

<Author>Lillabet54
<Content>Claims to be a 5 Star Hotel--False Advertising from London, OntarioWe stayed at this resort last week and just arrived home on Sunday evening.When you first enter the lobby of the Riu Taino, their front desk staff lead you to believe this hotel is the most friendliest hotel in Punta Cana, and you get a warm, fuzzy feeling. Well, let me tell you that this feeling doesn't last very long!The rooms are old, but ample for what one requires on a vacation to the south. There were ants crawling on our counter top in the bathroom. The fridge was not stocked regularly and we were always running out of pop. The maid did not clean the floors everyday and there was always sand on the floors from being at the beach.The restaurants were ample for breakfast and lunch. Dinner was a different story though. One night the waiter slopped the water he was pouring into my purse and on my camera--not even an apology! Come to find out, we witnessed with our own eyes, the waiters were drinking patrons' left over wine from dinner! I did report this to the maitre de, but I think it was sloughed off. We did not find the service particularly good nor were the wait staff attentive enough to their patrons to warrant a tip. We did try the Steak House and my steak was a 'minute' steak filled with fat, and my son's chicken was dry and tough. Dinner at the buffet was almost the same every evening.The bars were pretty good, although in the beginning, if they didn't want to make the drink, the bar staff would say they didn't have that particular brand of alcohol to make that drink.The pool was particularly cold, but the beach was the best, although the first couple of days the seaweed was particularly bad in front of our hotel--the only hotel within miles that had this problem, I have to say.The grounds were kept particularly clean and the staff was always working to keep them up.In conclusion, I have been on vacation in Punta Cana 8 times, and I would never return to this hotel! I approached the Sunquest representative and did speak to the Manager of the hotel with my concerns, and not too much was done about the situation. According to the Riu Hotel Chain, this is a 5 Star hotel and according to Sunquest, this is a 4.5 Star hotel. Unfortunately, the only thing 5* about this hotel is the beach and the toilet paper.Liz V.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>2	1	3	4	2	4	1	1	

<Author>bobdobalina9999
<Content>beach was great The beach was the best part. It was right outside the pool area and it wasn't hard to find a chair and relax. The food was good and there were many selections in the buffet. I wouldn't recommend the specialty restaurants. They seemed to have just old buffet food. I would stay away from the casino. The games in there did not seem legit. Especially stay away from the game that looks like Keno or Bingo. I saw a tourist lose 1000 bucks in 5 minutes playing that game.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Angela_Aaron
<Content>Hot, Hot , Hot!!!       My boyfriend taking a swim  
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>firstimer69
<Content>Great Time at the Taino I was here for 4 nights and 5 days, i reall can't give a bad review being in the D.R. for the first time since i know nothing to compare it to. But if u read these reviews they can really make u go batty...lol The food was great!! The pool was great!! The beach was unbeliveable!!! When we first arrived they had our room situated way to far away from the main house so we asked if we could move...not a problem. We were a stones throw away from the beach, pool and dining. I did not think the rooms had an any odor of any sort, as mentioned by other reviewers. There was a period of a couple of hours or so that we did not have hot water and of course it was when i wanted to take my shower before dinner, hence wasn't a happy camper to take a cold shower!!! But it was restored by the next shower it was a problem throughout the whole complex i was told. Staff was nice and polite. My only real complaint was the hotel was filled with people from Spain which i'm sure are very nice people but did not speak a word of English.. so that was a bummer.. Was told by staff that they usually come there in June, July and August. So my lack of spanish didn't help the situation i guess as well. But also in the months of Dec, Jan, Feb and March it is usually filled with Americans, Canadians and Germans all of which speak English. So i will never go back there in those months when they don't speak English... All in All had a great time... It is Paradise... Also the Riu's are all connected so u can toggle between all the Riu's on the complex except for maybe the palace which u can't go i think...Any questions will be happy to answer, oh also pack light u do not need MUCH!!!!  
<Date>Sep 21, 2007
<Rating>3	5	3	5	4	5	3	3	

<Author>CharlizeMontreal
<Content>OK hotel, not 5 stars Riu Taino should not be a 5 star hotel. It should only be a 3 star.The only good about Riu Hotels and Resort is you could go to Riu Bambu (which is better than Taino).We spent most our days in Riu Bambu (better animation and food).Riu Taino needs an overhaul. The hotel is outdated.If you want to go to Riu, try Palace Macao and Palace Punta Cana,this will give you access to all hotels. You could visit Riu Taino and you will judge the difference.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lina
<Content>Nice enough....... just not my thing Just returned from 3 nights at the Riu Taino. We were down for a small family wedding. As a result we saw different kinds of rooms. All were clean and had hot water. In some rooms plumbing screamed. Other rooms were close to the Caribbean street and had to deal with loud music and crowd noise in the evenings until around 11:30PM. Our room was closer to the beach and quiet. Maid service was excellent. We were on the 2nd floor of a building and our AC was not super effective in the hot and humid summer weather but we had a ceiling fan and that helped.Most of the other guests were European and we heard French, German and Spanish principally. The property is well maintained and has an abundance of palms, tended flowers and grassy patches. We saw some peacocks wandering around. The beach is exquisite, very fine white sand, The sea warm and benign. Every morning I walked from 6:30 - 8AM and witnessed super efficient beach cleaners raking up seaweed from the tide and putting it in huge black plastic garbage bags. It was a very beautiful and peaceful time of day. The major pool scared me. People stayed in there longer than bladder control might extend. Heavy chlorine clouded it every night but I didn't feel like jumping in the next day and drinking at the in-pool bar!The food is fine if not particularly good. Breakfast was my favourite meal. Lots of fresh fruit, many varieties of eggs, deli meats, croissants, breads and freshly squeezed juices. Lunch and dinner served burgers, pasta, fries, rice, beans, chicken in various guises and always, a few kinds of pizza. Not inspiring but okay. Beer was cold and satisfying. Wine in casks was essentially not potable. Very inferior. Other booze not my thing when generic and served with sweet who knows what! Others seemed to be enjoying it plenty and plentifully!Front desk service was good. Especially Gregory. But all spoke English and were friendly and helpful.If you can stand the crowds, for a reasonably priced all inclusive I'd say it is pretty good.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>CatPortugal
<Content>Never again I just arrived from a week in Riu Taino and after reading almost every review about the hotel I must say some words.The experience started with changing room after 5 minutes in the first one. It had a terrible smell like it was closed for the last year. All the superior rooms are the same and very old. The bathroom is small and it needs some urgent renovation. The shower dosen't work properly. Also sleeping was very dificult beacause the bed was very small and the mattress was terrible.The restaurant is not very clean, they don't change the towels between clients and it seams they don't wash them very often. Definitely it's not a 5 star hotel anywhere in the world!!The things that makes us forget all of this are the beach and the food that is not so bad.If you are planing on going there consider chosing another hotel.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>3	2	1	3	2	2	2	2	

<Author>sunloverNyc
<Content>Total Relaxation and Fun My family (2 adults, 2 teenaged boys) had a great time. After reading the reviews, I was a little nervous. We stayed at Ocean Blue last year, which we loved, but they had no rooms available so we booked Riu Taino. While we have stayed at nicer (fancier, newer) resorts, we found Riu Taino to be very clean, fun and they had the greatest staff. The Entertainment Team is fantastic. They are the nicest, most energetic people I have ever seen. They put in such long days and have so much fun. They are exceptionally helpful and polite. Bartenders were very attentive and there was no wait for drinks--unlike other resorts we have stayed at where we had to wait a long time. The beach and pool were both gorgeous and very clean. The resort itself is spotless and the rooms kept very clean. One major plus is we had no problem with mosquitoes! We were out every night and not one bite. Service in the restaurants was also excellent.The food was not the best we've had, but there was variety and none of us got sick. The pizza, fries and pasta and salad bar were all very good and there was a great selection of fruit at the buffet. The resort was ideal for younger teenagers because they are allowed in the disco. Other than the casino, they were welcomed anywhere they wanted to go. This was a major plus for us, because at other hotels nightlife for 16-17 year olds is hard to find and they are easily bored. The both want to go back next year.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sandrachumbo
<Content>Once again had a GREAT TIME at Riu Taino         
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Krystals_Journey
<Content>Lush, friendly environment, good memories to be had I work within a travel agency and every now and then we get really good deals on staff specials with air and taxes included it came to a total of 580$ CAD. While reading the review on this resort, I became really discouraged, it seemed that most people had a lot more negative things to say then positive. but I figured I was getting an awesome deal, and I would make the best out of it anyways.We arrived late at night the service was fast and organized, when we got to our room there were 3 beds, and there was only the two of us. the next morning we brought this to the attention of the front desk, which they were more then happy to change our room. when we got the key and check out the room we decided to stay in our original room (662) due to the fact that I found it more spacious. The third bed that was in the room, I ended up putting it outside and sleeping out there, to my surprise there were not a lot of bugs.on the days to follow I explored the place, it was very lush with visible banana, coconut and even grape trees, the beaches had white sand, and TONS of coral to go snorkeling, there was no need to worry about waking up real early in order to grabbed a beach chair. There were paddle boats, little canoes and sailboats you could rent, free of charge. if you walked along the shore you would find a marketplace that you could bargain with them, but if you aren't in the mood, you can head off to the market strip where there are a dozen different shops, but mostly sell the same things. many people had many complaints about the food in their reviews, may I mention that I am a vegetarian and had no problem filling my little tummy, the fries were awesome and so where the nachos... Yummy... but if you are looking for luxury this is not the place for you, if you want a fun or relaxing time at an affordable price this could not be more of a better place to be. there are also two other rius you can visit and have lunch or diner at, which pretty much has the same food as the RIU taino, but if your looking for a different scenery, why not give it a try. (except that there or no outsiders allowed on the Riu Palace). if you do end up that way you can get a better look at the ship stranded within the coral, its been there for 36 years, it got stuck there from a hurricane, or so I was told. I was also told that the entertainment there was good, not that I ever went to see it, now... wishing I had.On my last night there I was at the disco I had stayed there until late into the night, or should I say early morning, when I had gotten back to the room I notice the sun was beginning to rise, I rushed to put on my bathing suite, grabbed a few beer and towels, we headed down to the beach and watched the sunrise, over the calm water, I took a swim into the ocean, the water at that time was perfect!!!! I must say it was a once in a life time experience, or maybe it was because I was still drunk from the night before...? However it is defiantly worth getting up early or staying up late to watch the sunrise over the water!something that I failed to read in any of the reviews were anyone mentioning that it was mostly Spanish speaking people visiting the resort, there were very few other English speaking people, however we managed to meet a others that were on the same flight as us on the way in, and from the states.so in short this place can be as great or as horrible as you will... and if you tip the cleaners ladies they will always leave a beautiful decorative surprise upon your return to your room.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	3	4	3	4	4	

<Author>Kelly014
<Content>Riu Taino- Not so good! Not 5 stars. Horrible smell. Horrible people. Horrible cleanliness. The services aren't very good. And the pool is neutral. I stayed here 3 days then I moved to Riu Palace Punta Cana because I didn't like Taino at all. Lots of people moved to Palace too.Teresa, Portugal.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>2	4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nmkenny
<Content>great time       pool  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MishyC
<Content>Had A Fabulous Time, Returning in August We have just returned from a one week vacation at the Riu Taino. We stayed from June 23-30. We had such a great time we are returning on August 25.We arrived late at night, after 10pm and were greeted with a welcome drink upon arrival in the Lobby. We got to the counter and they presented us with our room key, and a form to fill out. Rather than keep us, they advised we could fill it out and return it to them the next morning. That was great, as after a long day of travel we just wanted to get rid of our luggage and relax.FoodWe are picky eaters so I was a little worried but we were fine. There was always something on the buffet that we liked and we did not get sick. It does get repetetive after a few days, but we never did go hungry. We did not try any of the a la carte restaurants because we were busy with activities, but I heard from others that they weren't that great. The Rooms were bright and clean. Could use some updating and new pillows, but really how much time do you spend in your room. We left a $5.00 tip for the maid every day and always had some nice towel art to return to. The room was always thoroughly cleaned and there was never an issue with hot water.Our fridge was stocked every couple of days with water, beer and soft drinks. Animacion staff were excellent, especially Charley, Kathy, Choco Andy, David and Rafael. The show's were very entertaining and we had a lot of fun participating in the daily dance classes. There was always something to do if you wanted and they didn't push you if you said no. These guys work so hard to keep everyone happy and entertained. The street party on Thursdays nights is a blast.The beach I would have to say is the most beautiful I have ever seen. Clean clear water and soft white sand. Just gorgeous.I would recommend the Monster Truck tour. It is a great way to see the real Dominican Life. Make sure to bring gifts for the children as they are always waiting at every stop. I would recommend the tour guide Joselito, he was great.We also did a speed boat/snorkelling tour through Bavaro Splash. It was a lot of fun getting to drive our own boat and the snorkelling spot was amazing, lots of fish. Make sure to bring an underwater camera.Great value for the money. You can also use the facilities at the Bambu and Naiboa, the casino at the Palace Macao and the Pacha disco (drinks are not included but the prices are not bad).As I said we had a wonderful stay, met some great people and are looking forward to our return on August 25.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BlondieHamilton
<Content>Loved the Taino We just got back from the Riu Taino it was a great holiday. I dont know why all these people are bad mouthing this hotel. The view of the ocean says it all!!! Nothing is perfect in life. I just looked at the view and I forgot about the whole world except the DR. I will for sure go back to this hotel. The people were friendly the room was always spotless. The food filled my stomach. I guess Im not a picky person I was just happy to get away,  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ViajeraDC
<Content>WE LOVE IT!       This is a vacation!  
<Date>Jun 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>liberty55Quebec
<Content>Terrible food, and more....... We stayed at the Riu Taino for the Easter vacation this year. The resort is a good layout but it is very far from a five star resort. Our room was in the newest section so it wasn,t too bad. The food was the same day in and day out, the specialty restaurant are the worst we had seen in the Carribeans. The wine they offer is a sort of undrinkable grape juice. We actually lost weight on this vacation. Starting on the Thursday hundreds of Dominican families arrived for the long Easter weekend. The pool was their territory with hundreds of children and diapered babies enjoying the water, not exactly what you would expect from this kind of resort. If you walk down the beach to the Riu Palace Hotel you will see what a real five strar resort is all about. We had the privilege to eat there on one occasion since our friend is a travel agent and she asked the manager for a special pass. The food was outstanding and the place is really worth it. We should have paid a little more and booked at the Palace. If you are planning a stay in the Dominican Republic please reconsider your stay at the Taino.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>omirp1
<Content>A little of this, a little of that       in room bar  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>2	4	3	5	5	2	3	4	

<Author>nursie_7
<Content>what is everbody moaning about Stayed at this hotel from 21st - 29th May 2007 with my boyfriend. Went being very open minded after reading previous reviews, even took own bedding as one review suggested. The way I see it is, expect the worse and everything good that happens is a bonus, totally unneccesary. We had a lovely holiday. First of all we paid extra money to travel premium class with thomsons, never done this before and totally appreciated it. Once we got to the hotel we checked in within 5 mins and a porter took our cases to room whom we tipped 2 dollars. The room (which I was dreading) was absolutely fine. Very clean with mini bar, plenty of coat hangers, nothing looked shabby, clean sheets and towels, and the bathroom was very clean and didnt look at all dated (and believe me, i am very picky about bathrooms). The one and only thing I could say bad about the room was the furry blankets on top of the crisp white sheets. We just folded these up and put them away for the week, too hot to need them anyway. The bedding I had bought to use here I took home still in Wrappers. Food we found not bad at all. Always plenty of it with waiters constantly topping up water glasses. Went to all a la carte restaurants and was only dissapointed with the Italian as totally lacks atmosphere. I need ten cups of coffee in a morning after drinking so very glad to have full coffee pot served at table each morning. Also after 6am you could collect a coffee from outside main restaurant in a plastic cup. The fridge was restocked daily with 3 beers, tonic, soda, coke, fizzy orange and water. Towards the end of the week we left a 10 dollar bill under an empty bottle of beer and it worked. We got 12 beers in fridge and the next day the beer boys knocked on door to see how many beers we wanted. Excellent. Also, they left us extra tonic to go with the endless supply of free gin, vodka etc available in room. Went on beach 3 days, lovely sea, round pool 3 days. We went to the quieter pool as we found the main pool with swim up bar a bit too busy and loud. The only trip we took was he Tropical Storm catermaran which i totally reccomend. A great day out, even got to see the nurse sharks (all be it through a net fence). Weather was great all week, sunny in the morning, bit cloudy in afternoons but enjoyed cloud as it was so hot. It rained and thundered and lightening some nights but nothing to moan about. All in all I would definately go back to the taino and also recomend to others. At the end of the day, you get what you pay for and as we got this holiday at a reasonable price, I was totally thrilled with it, cant complain, its what you make it.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>MariaCoimbra
<Content>Lucky they have that beach and sea It was my second travel to Punta Cana! The first time (three years ago) I stay in Fiesta Beach now Palladium and that was really a 5 stars (4 stars)! Now I am completely disappointed, the food was always the same day after day. There was no animation on the beach, and I never heard merengue music or dance! Some shows happen at night in a hot closed space (not in open air) we always give up and went to a fresher place. The room was spacious but need urgent new equipment; everything is old enough to continue serving the guests! What a five stars! The bath was so old that had many marks to remind you! The furniture鈥?no words! Black was the colour in some parts. Anyway we sleep! But I thought that five stars could be more pleasant and that is a feeling that you just have when you are on the beach or on the warm sea waters, and for that I鈥檓 happy to know that this hotel is not responsible for!!!We were 2 adults and a young boy with 6 years old. We didn鈥檛 drink alcohol so water was our drink! And guess what? One day, after request 1 big bottle three times to the reception (all morning waiting), we went to a mini market to buy it, don鈥檛 forget that this is an all inclusive hotel and with five stars, and you cannot drink the water on this country. After that a was so upset that I call again to reception saying that a have a children that was completely water needed and in desperate act I went to a shop to buy a crucial liquid to survive with that high temperatures, but it is true that alcohol was there like a bar and not a room! And after that they were ok just for 2 days and I were again asking water for the room! One day when we were dinner we saw a young man with a little baby (6 or 7 months) in the reception with the bottle on the other hand asking for a new bottle! So even if you have a baby that is no important! And what about kids club! Before going to Punta Cana I try to see some pictures of the kids club, and I never found it! You now why? Because that is just a 鈥渕irage鈥? They say that exist but you cannot see鈥?Finally in the last day we ask for reception someone to take our bags and once again this five stars hotel took more than 30 minutes and two phone calls! So if this was my first time in this country I definitely never return again! But I know that we can have good hotel service in this wonderful land鈥ut not in Riu Taino!!!Maria Morais - Portugal we stay from 21th till 28th of May!  
<Date>Jun 2, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	4	4	1	1	2	

<Author>Holly24
<Content>Please go to the Bamboo!!!! 2 couples aged 22-28. Okay we went to the RIU Taino in Nov 06 and since we are booking our next vacation, I thought it was time for a review... And both fortunately and unfortunately I remember most of it.Check-in: 1 bus full of people and this was at 11pm. Good for us because we ran like [--] to the front desk, bad for the rest because the wait took forever! No one showed us where to go and no one took our bags, and since we were on the 2nd floor and exhausted, I was right angry when I had to carry my heavy luggage up 2 flights of stairs!Food: Good buffet, the pizzeria was fantasic and the chocolate covered bananas were so good a few of us were sick from eating too many! The mexican restaraunt was the only decent a la carte there. I was very excited to get to the steak house but left with the vision of bleeding cows in my head. All fat and blood and I swear they were saying moooo. Beach: FANNNNNNNTASTIC! Weather? 4-7 days overcast and rain, but me and the b/f made the most of it ;)Pool: SUCKED ROYALLY. The swim up bar was discusting! We headed over to the Bamboo and OMG we were in heaven, the pool is to die for and the service was superb!! Rooms: 2nd floor was great BUT!!!! the sheets were old and stained and were rock hard. They looked like the outside of soon to be shower curtains!Maids: So very nice. Our maid was very pregnant and cleaning our room in bare feet and still had a huge smile on her face. She left us extra towels, pillows and whatever we needed. She was awesome and very appreciative of us tipping her, but she deserved it!NOTE: BRING BUG SPRAY IF YOUR MOSQUITO PRONE LIKE ME!!!! It costed me like 12 bucks US for a bottle of bug spray that lasted me 2 nights!!!! UGH!Hmmm, oh yes and get your beach towels early cause once there out, there out. And save seats by the pool cause they go fast! Excursions: Do not go on the shark one. It sucked royally. Honestly we swam with them for maybe 20 minutes out of 8 hours and most of the time swimming with them you were too busy trying to get out of everyone elses way! It was an awful waste of like 70 bucks Can.Note to the boys: Please do us women a favour and when the bartender at the beach bar asks if you'd like to try something new... say no... because eventually you will end up drinking anything in front of you, get hammered and get sick for 2 days and blame it on the food when really....... you were being stupid. HAHA. Stupid boys and their manliness.We did have a good time because the people who we went with are great. Oh and btw Canadians.... DEFINATELY A GERMAN RESORT. In 7 days we met like 3 canadian couples. I would not go to this resort again but I would definately stay at the Bamboo. That resort rocks and is better priced.  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	1	5	5	

<Author>AmyFrances
<Content>Had fun.. but not a 5 star hotel... Me and my boyfriend stayed at the Riu Taino On May 14th - May 21, 2007. it was a 5 star hotel.... but not really... here is my take on the hotel...Beach: Beautiful... loved it... water was cool, and wavy.. There was lots of coral reefs to snokel and look at fish. Lots of shade on the beach and very clean. If you walked down the beach you could go to a market that sold everything for cheaper then the stores in the hotel or on carribean street. Food: Well the food was not very good.. the same food all the time. We never got sick so I guess thats a good thing. The a la carte resturants were good, we enjoyed them. The alcohol is very basic and not many international drinks to chose from. Bring your own mugs to keep the drinks cold beacuse the cups that they give you are small. Pool: It was nice, we only went in it once. We were at the ocean the whole time. the pool is bust with lots of drunks and young people! Rooms: Ask to be put near the frount of the beach or the pool. Our room was in the middle of this huge resort and it was a long walk to the beacheveryday. I feel sorry for people whose rooms were all the way at the back. Basic rooms. Kept very clean . Maids were Awesome! never any problems with anything being taken from our rooms. Use the safe though. Don't lose the key 50us dollars to replace!Weather: Awesome, couldn't of asked for better! No rain only once at night time .... sun, sun, sun and more sun... It was hot..so bring lots of sun screen and hats.Entertainment! : Was funny and great! we loved it... the main guy who does all of the hosting and runs the animation was so funny and we loved him.. The shows aren't las vegas style but they are a great way to pass the evening and we laughed at them. During the day they had the entertainment by the pool, we werent there that much.Overall a great vacation. We had a lot of fun and enjoyed ourselves a lot. Beautiful gardens and beach. Lots of stuff do do and the people were very nice to us. I wouldn't say that it is a 5 star resort more of a 3 1/2 - 4 star. But You can use the bambu which is next door and was very nice as well.. the only thing with the Riu bambu is that one afternoon while we were eating lunch in the restartant we found bugs.. i mena lots of bugs in our soup... it was really gross.. but we didnt' let it ruin our trip. Be careful for ant bites i got them everywhere all over my legs and feet. It was really annoying... and there were a lot of flies everywhere. But we didnt' bring any bug spray so you might want to bring it.!  
<Date>May 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	2	5	3	3	

<Author>DonaldKaryn
<Content>Hotel Taino Is Awesome!!! My husband and I were at the Taino from may 4 to 10. We were looking for a relaxing vacation at the beach, we have never been to D.R. before. We had such an awesome vacation. The beach is absolutely BEAUTIFUL! There are plenty of chairs to choose from, although my husband insisted to get up at 5:oo A.M. to reserve our chair...We thought the food was very good, there was quite a variety to choose from at the buffet, but you can also make reservations at the restaurant. We went to the restaurant on Domenican food night, the food was o.k., we ended up going to the buffet after... (what the heck we're on vacation...we'll start our diets when we get home!!!) The rooms were very clean and i think they all have a balcony or porch area, which we enjoyed. The animation crew is wonderful, the shows are entertaining!Overall we have NO complaints about this hotel, we would definately go back again...However, if you book any excursions, be aware. We booked the speed boats for 2 people, they said it would be no longer than 2 hours, we got back to the hotel 5 hours later!!! We were upset, so they were accomodating and did give us a partial refund for out aggrivation. Other than that we had a great time..please don't hesitate to book this hotel!!!  
<Date>May 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>akhila16
<Content>Wonderful holidays       Carribean Street  
<Date>May 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>soconne
<Content>Had a great time! This my second time to the Dominician Republic but my first time to Punta Cana. I had read the reviews on the Riu Taino before I left. I was not really sure what to except but the hotel totally exceeded my expectations. The rooms were clean, the only thing that was questionable was the ceiling in the shower. The food was excellent at the main buffet compared to any other all-inclusive resorts that I have been too. The beach and the pool were clean. You have to make sure when you order a frozen drink that they put liquor in it!  
<Date>May 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>meli15
<Content>loved it This was my first time going to punta cana and i absolutly loved the atmosphere. My family and friends and I had a great time. There were times when the staff didnt exactly understand you and it could be hard to deal with but there was no major problems with my stay. The food got boring and I didnt eat much but Im a picky eater so that had to do with that. There were many activities during the day and night including spanish lessons, dance lessons, BINGO (one of my personal favorites), windsurfing, kayaks, paddle boating, snorkling, and many other things also. The staff was excellent. They were extremely nice and helped if you needed it. I think the staff really made the hotel for me, if they werent so nice and entertaining the hotel wouldnt be all that great. The pools were okay, but I was by the gorgeous beach most of the time. The swim up bar and other bars were great. Some of the night shows were a little weird, but mostly funny and entertaining. I would recommend this hotel for anyone who just wants a relaxing fun vacation!  
<Date>May 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>rcaycho
<Content>Good deal for the price!!! Although I would not consider this as a 5 star hotel as publicized. You get what you pay for. This is a good place if you like drinks, as a Peruvian I am too spoiled with food as we have a great variety. The food is a little bit greasy for my taste but is a bufftet so you can't go wrong. I love the fresh fruits and juices in the morning (I still miss that). The drinks were strong so I can't complain, as others said... if you want a pi帽a colada, ask for alcohol otherwise they won't add any. The shows were ok... done by the same employees and they were at all times friendly. I enjoyed playing voleyball most of the time getting to know people (mostly nice europeans). The rooms were always cleaned with alcohol included in the room and fresh flowers in our towels. I wish we could have rented the room closer to the beach as we had to walk a bit. I would say 5 days is good, since the food is repetitive and although there are places to eat a la carte they are still the same buffett with some variations. Other than that I loved my stay and I wish I can come back again, it was so RELAXING!!! ohh another thing, we made the mistake to take a taxi from there to Santo Domingo... the ride I tell you it is horrible, they charged us $135 for a small car withouth A/C (should have asked before-it was arranged by Hotel-Bed). Honestly not much to see in Santo Domingo, we could have stayed longer at the Riu... Thanks for the comments here, it really helped!!!!  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	2	4	3	

<Author>Nomah
<Content>Great First Trip to the DR       Life's a Beach  
<Date>Apr 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>mrs_nelson_mandela
<Content>I Love Animacion i loved the food, the entertainment, the beach and the daily activities and games. all the crew and cooks and everyone was VERY nice and helpful. i loved charly, nelson, jonathan, mario, kathy, daniel, winston, maximo, dj frank, and nathalie. we had a GREAT time at the Pacha Disco together and even at BINGO. charly and i became cool friend and lookd forward to eachothers company. Vega, and Freddy the bar tender. . . they were AMAZING. they lookd out for u, witch is good becuz it's outa pure humanity. if anyone wants to stay in DR go to Rui. Taino OR Naiboa. . . it was AMAZING! oh yea. i love NELSON! -tymy photos comein' soon  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>shethinks
<Content>My first not so good review I've written several reviews here on Tripadvisor and always tried to be as honest as possible. And for the first time, my review won't be as positive as the others I've posted.Riu Taino is labelled as a 5 star hotel here in Europe. What is it that I didn't think it was worth five stars? Simple, here are the topics:- rooms very simple (i was prepared for that, because I had read all reviews before travelling).- on the first day, when we got to the room, the mini bar wasn't working (all drinks were warm) and the toilet didn't flush.-there was an invasion of dominicans and mexicans on Easter weekend. Suddenly, the main buffet Las Arecas, which was a quiet place turned into chaos and we found ourselves with queues of 30 people and very few things to eat (it was more than visible that the hotel had no capacity whatsoever to lodge that many clients).- The A la Carte restaurants, forgive me for saying this, were a joke. I only tried the Italian one, which had only 2 plates to chose from the menu and none had anything to do with italian cuisine. Worse was the fact that the food wasn't prepared at that time, and when it got to the table, the waiter said Wacth out for the plate, it's very hot ( the food had been warmed in the microwave oven).These were the most evident things. It's true that when we complained about the minibar and toilet, they sent someone to repair it, but this just shouldn't happen in a so -called 5* hotel.Everyone who worked there was nice, it's true. The beach was awesome, no doubt about it. I never went hungry, correct. The room was always very clean, also true. But to be honest, and after seeing (and eating at) the restaurants of Bambu and visiting Riu Palace Macao and the Palace punta Cana, I just feel that I could have made a better choice of hotels.Despite my choice of hotel, I enjoyed Dominican Republic very much, it has great beaches and the one of Taino is indeed great. Island Saona is something to die for and dominicans are simple and festive people. I will definitely go back but i think I will go to Gran Bahia Principe or a Riu Palace instead.P.S. For those who have already booked a stay at the Taino, I see no need in cancelling their trip. Just be prepared to the idea that the hotel has some flaws and it gives a service lower than five stars.Any questions, please email me, i'll be glad to answer all questions.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>traveloverfromCali
<Content>Loved our vacation at RIiu Taino Our vacation at the Riu Taino was great! The hotel is nice and we had an awesome time! The atmosphere- it's incredible! The hotel is clean and lively. The grounds are very well kept. It's green and lush, just beautiful.The beach- is like paradise. The white sand and torquise waters. I've never been to a beach more beautiful. There is a pretty good coral reef in the water in the middle of the roped off area for swimming. Tons of fish. Bring bread to feed them and don't forget your underwater camera.The hotel- it's a four star. Very nice and clean. The layout is good. Everything is close in proximity. There are two pools. One is close to the lobby, a big outdoor restaurant/bar and the beach. This pool is bigger and has a swim up bar. The second pool is smaller and more quiet but is also close to the beach and has a smaller restaurant/bar. The rooms- are comfortable. Our room was a short walking distance to everything. Ours had two beds, one double and one twin. The bed was comfortable (I think we had a newer matteress set). BRING your own pillow. The pillows and bedding are dated. There are nice balconies with a hanging rack for towels or swimsuits. In the closet there are liquor dispencers and everyday the maid refills the fridge. There is also a safe in the closet and plenty of hangers for your clothes.The food- was interesting! I didn't starve but thankfully I didn't gain 10 pounds either. I'm a pretty picky eater so I lived on pancakes, hamburgers and steak. What I ate was good. They had a very wide range of food to please everyone and I didn't hear anyone complaining.The activities- were fun. I enjoyed the animation team. They had activities throughout the day like, water aerobics, bingo, volleyball, dance lessons ect... Everynight they had a different show that was pretty intertaining and then dancing til midnight. I would of liked to hear more of a variety of music but learned to love salsa and merengue.My advice- have a great time! Don't expect a 5 star hotel. Look past the little flaws and everything will be perfect. AND don't forget your underwater camera!  
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>Travelaire
<Content>Dominican Difficulty We have been to Punta Cana before. So, we thought we'd try another resort there. When we arrived there we were taken to our two rooms. The door to our daughters room was already wide open. Shortly after settling in our daughters found a cockroach or other big species running around the room. We went to the front desk and told them the girls wouldn't be able to sleep with that moving around the room. They couldn't or wouldn't understand the word cockroach. They barely understood the word bug. They said they'd have someone take care of it, but after supper we found it still there. We called them back and helped them remove it ourselves.Right from day one, the food didn't seem appetizing. We tried a three ala-carte restaurants and they all serve the same food as the buffet. Your jaw will get a real workout chewing the steak at the steak house. After a few days it appears they were re-serving the food from the previous day. After three days there, three of us got food poisoning. It was fun after that. Most staff at the hospital can't speak english. There was many other people at our resort sick at the same time.We survived, but that wasn't the only objective of the trip. Thankfully, we did some sailing, so it wasn't all a loss. Pretty much didn't eat for the last couple of days. We were never so happy to see the Wendy's at the airport.If you can speak fluent spanish, you're probably OK going to Dominican. Our previous trip there was great. However, what I realized is, if everything goes without a hitch it can be a fun place. If anything goes bad, it goes really bad. You could find yourself in a hospital with staff administering meds and you have no understanding of what you're getting. Spanish is the official and only language medical staff are allowed to use in the Dominican. I like the Dominican people. I think there are other good resorts. This one seemed poorly managed. Taking precautions, a person could enjoy Dominican. Choose a resort with raving reviews. Look closely at the bad reviews. As for us, we won't be going back to the Dominican. We'll stick to the english speaking islands. I'm just glad to be back home. It's made me realize how wonderful our food standards are here in Canada.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	4	4	3	4	1	

<Author>Canuckgirl
<Content>4+ stars resort-Riu Taino very enjoyable       Dominican Dancers  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Miccormi
<Content>Great Vacation - but not a 5 star This one is very long...Stay: Riu Taino - March 18th to 25thCheck-in: We arrived at 10am therefore the rooms were not ready. We were a group of 18 and were greeted promptly at the hotel with a drink. They offered to store our luggage so we could go have lunch and enjoy the property. Most of our rooms were ready at 3pm, others were not ready until later.Resort overview: To much of my disappointment, the resort was definitely not a 5 star. I did feel cheated and a bit frustrated that this is being advertised as a 5 star when it is no more than a 4. However, having said that the resort and grounds were very clean and looked nice. They are just in need of renovations. The service wasn鈥檛 bad but it was not a 5 star service.Rooms: We were a group of 18 therefore had 9 rooms all together. In most of our rooms, the AC did not work or barely. With the intense heat and humidity, it was uncomfortable at times. However, all rooms have a big sealing fan so that was nice. The rooms were tired and in need of renovations but they were very clean. There are no King beds at this resort. They are all 2 twin beds pushed together. The mattresses were very uncomfortable. But we were there to have a good vacation so we did not let this bother us too much. All rooms have safes. Restaurants: We found that the buffet restaurants were quite good. The food is repetitive every night but we always found many things that we liked. We have no complaints about that. We also ate at the Italian restaurant twice. It was good however; they don鈥檛 seem to change their menus. They only had 4 main courses and only one of them was really Italian food. But it was good. We also ate at the Mexican restaurant which was advertised as 脿 la Carte but it was buffet. This restaurant was ok as well. We also had lunch at the buffet restaurant at the Riu Bambu, which was also good. Breakfasts were very good. As for the drinks, if you ask for a 鈥渇ruity drink鈥?such as a Pina Colada or a Daiquiri鈥hey do not put liquor in it unless you specifically ask for it.Pool/Beach: The pool at the Taino is not very big but it is nice. There is a small pool bar that is nice as well. I found that the pool at the Riu Bambu was nicer and the pool bar was bigger and nicer. The beach was spectacular! The water was aqua blue and the sand is powdery white.Entertainment: This is my third stay in Punta Cana and unfortunately, this resort had the least daytime entertainment. There was nothing on the beach at all. There was water polo and dancing around the pool area in the afternoon. The nightly entertainment was ok.Hospital: Two days before we left, my spouse became ill and stayed in the room for most of the day. We are still not quite sure if this was caused by food or simply dehydration. At night, he felt better therefore joined us for dinner at the Steak House. This is when things took a turn for the worst and he passed out. The restaurant staff called the hotel Doctor immediately. Approximately 5 minutes later, the Doctor arrived and they brought us to the medical clinic on site. The doctor determined that he needed to an IV immediately and needed to be transported by ambulance at the Hospiten Bavaro (hospital only availability to tourists). Thankfully, we had two medical professionals in our group and they joined me in the ambulance to make sure everything was sterile and ok. The drive by ambulance was horrible! They started his IV in the ambulance with a very, very slow drip, which caused his blood to rise in the IV line. Once we arrived at the hospital, they placed him in a room for examination. The hospital was nothing like back home but appeared to be very clean. There was a huge, huge language barrier here. None of the nurses spoke English therefore we could not ask any questions nor could she tell us what she was giving him as far as medication. We were very scared. What was shocking is that they only increased his IV drip once we were able to give them $1000USD as a deposit. As soon as that transaction went through, the Doctor came right away. After a series of tests, they wanted to keep him overnight. As our friends took a taxi back to the hotel, I stayed behind at the hospital with him. They charged me $110USD to stay with him!!!!!! I could not believe it! I tried to explain to them that I would just stay beside him on a chair鈥︹€ut no, they would not have it. I had to pay or leave. They wheeled him up to the 2nd floor to his hospital room and left him there in his dress pants and shirt. When I tried to ask them for a hospital gown, they shrugged their shoulders and said they did not understand. We did not have a pillow so I went in the hallway to ask a nurse and two technicians for a pillow. They looked at each other and laughed. We never got a pillow. I went in another patient鈥檚 room to get one. The experience was horrible!Sister Properties: We went for a walk through the Riu Palace Macao and the Riu Palace Punta Cana. They are spectacular!!!! Those are truly 5 star properties!! They are such beautiful resorts and do not compare at all to the Riu Taino. Overall: Besides the bad hospital experience, which had nothing to do with the Riu Taino, we had a fabulous time! The food was good, the resort is clean and the weather was great! Even though this should be classified as a 4 star and not a 5, it was still a great place!! If you are going to the Taino, don鈥檛 worry, you will have a good time.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>3	4	2	5	4	4	3	4	

<Author>DeniseGilkie
<Content>Had A Blast!       us parasailing  
<Date>Mar 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>schlmeil
<Content>Fantastic time with deathly sick aftermath       Sunrise is gorgeous!  
<Date>Mar 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Buckeyelady01
<Content>Bed Bugs! I will never stay at another Riu property again. My room at the Taino had bed bugs. I had to go to a doctor's on site and when I asked to change rooms because it was infested with bed bugs, the staff did not understand what I was saying and called me a crazy American. Eventually they did switch our room but were rude about it. Also, I noticed they put another group in my room the next day so they were not concerned about getting rid of the bed bugs. I thought I was treated terribly by the staff and they were not concerned about trying to make my stay better after I righfully upset with their rooms and service.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Boopoopydoo
<Content>Mixed Feelings My boyfriend and I traveled to the DR from March 9-14 for a short getaway from the daily grind of the East Coast. Where to begin? Before we left, we read these reviews religiously, and I will attempt to make this entry as helpful and honest as possible for whoever is traveling to this resort next. Overall, we truly enjoyed our stay. The people were great, the staff was very friendly, and the entertainment staff really did work hard to keep us engaged and entertained. The drinks were great, the beach was beautiful, and overall we're really satisfied with our vacation. The food: if you love meat, look before you eat, numerous times I cut into a piece of chicken and it was still pink. Also, we discovered that we could walk to the Riu Bambu up the beach for dinner! You should also explore Taino when you first arrive, we discovered two restaurants and another buffet place to eat on our 2nd to last day there. The resort: While Taino has the best beach access from the resort, Riu Bambu had a much more fun and lively crowd for us, especially since we are in our early 20's! We even got to dance under the stars to a live musical performance. : ) Also, the sunrise is gorgeous so try to wake up to see it one morning! My boyfriend and I love to take photos, so it was a great opportunity to take some great shots. The people: Lots of Europeans who like to wear Speedo's and go topless on the beach. Everyone was really fun loving though, which made it pleasant!VERY IMPORTANT: When it comes to the trips that the resort or your travel agent may recommend that you take, BE AWARE! We went on a day trip to SAONA ISLAND, a secluded island where we would be given unlimited alcohol and enjoy a bbq lunch on the beach, and were sorely disappointed by (1) the fact that it took 5+ hours to just get to and from the island itself, (2) the unlimited alcohol was just Rum and Coke, and what they call mamajuana and (3) the food made my boyfriend so sick that he has spent the past 12 days in the hospital (he just got out, which is why this review has taken so long for me to post). We think he caught something from the pork he had on the beach, or the fruit he had been eating, but we aren't sure. All we know is, he was fine before we went, and extremely sick the day after. The trip cost us $80 each and in our opinion, was NOT worth it, especially after the illness. ALSO (possibly even more) MPORTANT: DO NOT DO NOT DO NOT drink the water, don't even brush your teeth with it. People get really sick from it, and it just isn't worth it. Shopping: Shop AT THE RESORT SHOPS on Carribean Street at Taino- DONT buy stuff from the vendors who sell things in the lobby, because they are there to rip you off, AND the hotel doesn't even endorse their products. We bought some rum from one of the guys, and he started at $40 a bottle, and we went to caribbean street and found the same bottle for about $12. So (1) bargain with them, and (2) don't bother getting it if the price doesnt seem right, you'll find it cheaper in the shops. Also, the stores at the end of the beach have some cute stuff but be careful they will pounce on you to buy things the moment you look in their direction! Airport: Don't let people grab your bags, you will have like 6 people come try to help you and then you will have to tip each of them because they won't leave UNTIL you do! We carried our own bags, and never had that problem, but saw another couple who had 4 bags and were attacked by helpers. The bright side is, if you hate carrying your own bags, someone will be there to help you out : )Lastly, the ROOMS: Yes, the beds are hard, yes the sheets are course, yes they are a little outdated, and yes there are some mosquitoes in the room. SO: if you are particular about that kind of thing either (1) find another hotel with better beds and newer rooms, or (2) tire yourself out SO MUCH throughout the day that you will forget how uncomfortable the bed is! Also, if you leave money laying around in your room, your cleaning person may think its a tip for them (this happened to us with a few pesos), so be aware of that!DONT FORGET TO BRING: pepto bismol (it costs $9 on the resort!), bug spray (to fight those mosquitoes), and sun block (there were some REALLY red people). Also, the CDC says Punta Cana is a high risk area for malaria, so talk to your doctor if you want to be overly cautious. I would do that if we went again to that area. To sum up, would we go again? Probably not. Would we recommend the place? If you're looking for a few days of RR, a ladies week away, or just a budgeted vacation, then definitely. If you're planning a honeymoon, look elsewhere... heck, look at a different country, I hear Vancouver is pretty awesome. And you can drink the water. Contact me if you'd like photos or more information! We'd be happy to provide you with any help we can : ).  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>JPrev
<Content>Excellent trip!!! Our party consisted of two couples from Michigan and one from Delaware. All in our early 40's. This was our first trip outside of the States and wasn't sure what to expect based on the reviews.Flight: We flew Delta from Detroit to Atlanta to Punta Cana. The flight was uneventful. The fun began once we arrived at Punta Cana. It took about 1/2 hour from the airport to the resort. I will never again complain about road conditions in Michigan. Aggressive driving is apparently a way of life in the Dominican. I'm just now getting the feeling back in my thigh from my wife's death grip from our driver weaving in and out of traffic. The Punta Cana drivers would do well in the Nascar series.Rooms: The rooms were very clean. There were two beds, a full size and a single. They were a little hard but certainly sleep able. The mini bar was stocked with rum, vodka, gin, and brandy. The fridge was stocked with 4 Brahma beers, diet and regular Pepsi, tonic water and club soda. They also included 1 gallon of potable water. The tv also featured some American stations. Food: Overall, the food was good. Breakfasts consisted of eggs to order, bacon, sausage, fresh fruit, bakery items, juices. Lunches included fish, chicken, hot dogs, burgers, fries, fruit, salads etc... Dinners offered the greatest diversity. Sea food, steak, chicken, and pastas could be found on a nightly basis. They also offered Mexican, Italion, and Carribean nights. Very good. I would recomend a place called Captain Cooks. It is a 20 minute bus ride and features all you can eat seafood and drinks. It is well worth the $55.00 a person. Drinks: I am an avid beer drinker. They offer two beers, Brahma(offered in a bottle in your room), and El Presidente(offered on tap at the bars). The Brahma is drinkable. They only bring you 4 every other day. I quickly found out that you could walk down to there supply room and tip them ($2.00) to bring you more. They also appreciate chewing gum. The other option is El Presidente. If they offered warm Pabst Blue Ribbon that had been sitting out in the sun for 4 weeks, I would choose that over an ice-cold El Presidente!!! We often joked about the El Presidente smile. After taking a big gulp of the vile brew, think of ones facial expression when biting into a lemon, thus, the El Presidente smile. Took the Bubba Keg idea that we picked up from other reviews. One of the best tips we received.Tips: We initialy tipped the maid $5.00. We then tipped in candy, gum, coloring books and crayons. We always had fresh towels and a very clean room. It made no difference to tip the folks that restock the minibar. If you walk down to their booze bungalow, tip them there. I would recommend tipping the bartenders. We picked one out, Juan, and he was great. I would start to get out of my seat and he would already be making my drink. Staff: They were outstanding! They all seemed to be in there 20's and would go out of there way to try and please. Our second day there, I asked if we could move closer to the pool/ocean. Gregory put us in the building closest to the ocean and pool. I tipped him $20.00 after he delivered. We never encountered a language barrier. Beach/pool: The beach is beautiful as is the pool. There is a large ship that sunk about 1/2 mile out that is very interesting. I snorkeled every day. The reef is about 50 yards out and well worth the effort. I would bring bananas out with me and be swarmed with fish. There were normally 10 species of fish ranging from a couple inches to 18-24 inches. Very cool!!! I would recomend that you get up early and reserve your chairs by placing a towel over them. They tend to fill up quick. Also, bring a beach towel from home. Keep in mind that the majority of beach goers are non North Americans and many choose not to where tops. A good look on some...Shopping: We walked the 2 miles down the beach to bargain with the locals. Be prepared to battle. They are very aggressive and you definitely have to put on your game face. The booths sell basically the same merchandise. T-shirts, jewlery and cigars. We found out later that the cigars are packaged under false Cuban labels. For the few bucks that you might save, you might as well shop on the resort. Overall: We had a great time and will probably go back in the future.Have any questions contact me at japrev@jamadots.com  
<Date>Mar 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ilrusso
<Content>Great Time Just returned from an 8 day stay at the Taino. My husband and I travelled with another couple, and we are all in our mid to late 20's. My husband and I travel extensively, and have stayed at other all inclusive's including IBB next door (which we loved), Palladium Nuevo Vallarta, Riu Ocho Rios, Riu Jalisco, Punta Cana Princess. We booked this vacation because we were looking for a cheap get away, and this only cost $950 including flight and taxes a person. If we would have paid more we would have been extremely upset, but for that price we got what we paid for.   Let me start of by saying, this is NOT A FIVE STAR resort!!! It is not sold as such in the US, but I guess it is being advertised as such in Canada, if you go here expecting 5 stars you will be disappointed.  Upon arrival to the hotel, we were given 2 rooms (861-862), the rooms themselves were ok but they were way too far from everything. We asked to be moved and were told that the resort was full and they couldn't move us. After a $20 to Montero at the front desk, we had two great new rooms 224 and 204, both on the second floor, and very conveniently located. Note, these rooms were not in the old Melao section, they were Taino rooms. You will know the difference by the buildings, in Taino the buildings are smaller and different colors, in the old melao section the buildings are all the same beige color. Our flight was cancelled due to the weather in NY and Apple paid for us to stay an extra night, however, we had already checked our from our rooms and the new rooms were in the old Melao section (1105-1110). The rooms were disgusting!!! They had the worst mold smell I have ever smelled, it was so bad my lungs hurt. There was no balcony, and you couldn't open windows as there was no nets to keep the bugs out We spent the week relieved that we would come home without the moldy hotel smell on all our clothes, as our rooms didnt smell at all. Well, the last night in the old Melao rooms sure made up for that. Stay away at all costs, when you check in ask where your room will be if it is in a location you dont like (check the map at the front desk) or an old Melao room, slip a $20, and they will promptly find you a better room.Food: I have never seen so little food at an all inclusive before. There was really very little variety, and very few edible dishes. We did find something to eat, but I actually came home 4 pounds lighter. If food is very important to you, I would not go to this resort. Also, during the day you can have breakfast and lunch at Bambu, next door, do so as there is more variety at their buffets than in Taino.Entertainment: I didnt really care for the shows much. I didn't expect Broadway, but there shows are really worse than what we have seen in other resorts, most of the show they do not even bother to translate into English, speaking in Spanish, German and French instead. But the bars were always a great place to hang out at night, as there was lots of people hanging out until early morning. Disco was fun as well.In the past I have read the reviews that described this place as Hedonism 4, due to the debauchery that allegedly went on. I did not see any nude women (or kids for that matter), although there was a lot of topless sunbathing. Also, I didn't see anyone behaving inappropriately, while we were there there was a huge group of Spanish spring breakers, and they were all extremely well behaved.Overall, I booked this hotel for dirt cheap, and I feel like I got what I paid for (which was not a lot). We had a great time, the drinks were great, the beach was gorgeous, and the aquatic tour we took was a blast.Tip: If going to this resort, go riu.com and sign up for the RIU card, it will give you discount on the internet (50% off), and 25% of at the spa, as well as some discounts at other shops.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	2	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>we4bricks
<Content>Beautiful Place We stayed at the RIU Taino from Feb.21-28th..Had a fabulous time....We had no complaints at all about this place..About the beds..yes they are miserable..so what..so was every bed I've ever slept in, in Mexico..Its a foreign country..they dont have Serta Sleepers. :) You are so darn tired by the end of the day, you just fall asleep right away. and really you spend virtually no time in your room. We brought our own pillows and then left them there for the maid..We tipped everyday with money and gum..We only had towel art 2 days..The room was always very clean..no complaints..no sewer smells..no bugs..no air conditioning problems...we stayed in room 082...it was perfect..1/2 way point from the beach and pool area.The food..was great..there was always something you could find to eat..if you couldnt find anything on that buffet, your too picky!Some nights I didnt eat much..because I didnt like alot of it..I certainly didnt starve though...Loved some of the flavors of icecream..Breakfast was my favorite.The beach was absolutely the most beautiful beach I've ever been too. Loved that you could walk down the beach to buy from vendors.We went here to relax..so we did no excursions...Yes there were alot of kids from Spain..didnt bother us...they were rowdy at times..they sure like to talk and sing alot....but I'll just bet american college kids would of been far worse. :)We'd go back to this resort. It was everything we wanted and then some..we went because of the super duper deal it was..$735 per person...Things were pretty pricey here..so definatly dont forget your sunscreen..and get your pedicure back at home..I paid $40 for a pedicure..plus tip..if you like snacks and candy..bring some of your own from home..they cost a fortune here..I love candy , and didnt bring any..so I paid $2 for 1 candy bar...If you go I hope you have a great time..If your expecting the Hilton..go to the RIU Palace...meaning if your fussy..and hard to please..:) We walked through the palace..what a beautiful resort that is...I think its brand new.We were from Wisconsin.. Very few Americans at this place..  
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Beaurex212
<Content>Contradictions The good: It is all-inclusive so you can drink yourself to oblivion with delicious drinks that are not watered down.The bad: Front desk is two-faced and can give off attitude.The good: Beautiful grounds, poolThe bad: Lame beachOverall, I am displeased with my visit to this resort. Not only did the Hotel Beds representative not pick us at the airport when we arrived (even after we called to confirm the day before we left) but the front desk just shrugged it off and gave me my room key.The room smelled of mold and the bed was tiny and hard.There was also the issue of trying to process payment. When we arrived they were having problems with their connection and couldn't process any of our cards. The guy at the front desk made a point of introducing me to the manager, who looked me up and down and then reminded me that we would have to try to run the cards again as soon as possible.Basically the guy was implying that it was up to the manager to decide if we could stay. The following morning my partner got very sick and we had to take him by ambulance to the hospital. Note: My partner's illness had NOTHING to do with the resort so I want to make that clear; it was a terrible coincidence.However, when I returned to the hotel to check out (we were told by doctors it would be best to come back home) the front desk staff just shrugged it off and then led me to a taxi. It would have been nice if they had provided a taxi for me to go back to the hospital, but nonetheless they waved our fee for the rest of the week and I wound up having to pay for the one night I was in the room.All in all, very mediocre and clumsy service. It says a lot about a place when you find yourself in a hospital and not really missing the resort you just left.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Falling-Angel
<Content>What a Great Vacation!          View from Pizzeria  
<Date>Mar 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cat&cet
<Content>Loved the food We stayed at the Riu Taino Feb 20th to Mar. 06th. We found the hotel grounds beautiful and the beach absolutely gorgeous. The beach area in front of the Taino had lots of palm trees, so there was ample shade available, with the palm trees definately giving it that island feel. The swimming area did have some rocky areas as you entered the ocean where the water drops slightly, which was annoying, but areas both to the north and south were fine. During our time there the ocean was never really calm. The beach has beautiful white sand and goes on for miles, if you love walking on beaches this is the place to go. We found the food at this resort excellent, my husband is very picky and he had lots to eat. There was definately lots of variety.The only real complaint is the rooms. The beds are old and bathroom is very dated, but the maids did an excellent job keeping the room clean  tidy, she also left towel art everyday. Even if you get an excellent price, (like we did) I think if a hotel is rated 5 star the rooms should be in better condition. My other comment is if you are worried about mosquitoes, don't, we hardly seen any, obviously the resort sprays as you couldn't see any bugs around the lights at night.Overall a great vacation, love those beaches!!Saskatoon Saskatchewan  
<Date>Mar 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>rattler
<Content>Great bang for the buck... Four of us stayed at Taino for two weeks got back to Sudbury Ont,March 6th/07 ...there is absolutely nothing to whine about at this resort unless you are really looking.My bride and I are pretty good at rating these places ,as we have been here in this area visiting sinse 1976...Food is very good and lots to choose from ..service is best we have seen ,,rooms a tad dated but clean and has all one needs ....beach ,,well they dont come no better...entertainment same as everywhere ,,silly but what the heck ...golf is close, but pricey ..5 minutes actually ...so to sum up ..food great ....beach is perfect,,,service top notch ...rooms clean but dated ...nobody bugging you to buy stuff,,,,weather great .....booze flowing and quick to ...so dont be shy booking it for 2 grand or under for 14 days ...if you pay more than that your paying to much ,,believe me other places on that Bavarro strip for 2 grand plus have all taino has ,but nicer rooms ...hope this helps you I golfed also ,so if you want more info email me if you want ..leafs1945@unitz.ca  
<Date>Mar 9, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sammybrady
<Content>Never again After our stay at the Riu Taino we will never again stay at another Riu Resort. The staff was not, and has not been accommodating or helpful. I have been trying to contact someone from there since I got home and have yet to hear back. I will try to break it down for you: We booked a deep sea fishing excursion with Scuba Caribe (this is the company that works with all Riu Resorts to provide their guests with different excursions), they left us standing in a parking lot for over an hour and a half. We got there at 7:15 am and finally managed to get some help from someone at 8:30am after a gentleman from a different excursion company insisted he help us. We obviously didn't go on our trip. The first guy started off by saying we were in the wrong place. We were not, so then he tried to tell us that we missed it. We didn't, we got there 15 minutes before the bus was supposed to be there. Then he told us the truck was broken, so I guess Scuba Caribe has only 1 vehicle. When we tried to get our money back they told us we would have to come back at 11am because they had none. When we went back we ran into the same thing. Another guy tried to say that he was there and where were we, and they went fishing, blah, blah, blah (lies). Well if that were true then that guy should've still been in the middle of the ocean since the 7:30am trip isn't supposed to return until noon. So after we called him on that they tried many more lies. By this time we were very frustrated and had enough, we had to get rude and demand our money back. After considerable bull we got it. Afterwards we found the guy we booked it with, and we were able to get out of him the real reason: We were the only 2 that had booked for the morning excursion and that was not worth their while so they didn't go. Keep in mind they had our names, hotel, room number etc, and they still didn't let us know. We got up at 6:30am and sat in a parking lot for over an hour and a half, and then had to argue to get our money back. Had we not been assertive we wouldn't have gotten our money back, they would have it. At the end of all this not once did anyone say, Sorry, no apology whatsoever. As far as the rest of the hotel??? The rooms are bad. The beds even worse, you might as well sleep on the floor, or bring a beach lounger in the room because that's more comfortable then the bed itself. The hotel has many different restaurants all right but they all serve the same thing, day in and day out. If you plan on purchasing cigars you might want to read up on them. We know our cigars and went to several different shops at the resort and each time they tried to sell us knockoffs for the price of the real thing. Of course when we called them on this they would laugh it off and proceed to show us the real thing. The only thing I cannot complain about is the beach, and thank goodness there are beaches like this elsewhere in the world.We have been all over and never have we encountered so many people who are willing, ready, and trying (hard) to rip you off.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2007
<Rating>1	2	2	4	3	3	1	2	

<Author>Danvers07
<Content>A great vacation for the price We went to Punta Cana on the spur of the moment Feb 11-18, 2007 after seeing sale prices in our local newspaper.  After checking Trip Advisor reviews our expectations were modest and we were pleased that the Riu Taino exceeded our expectations in almost all ways. We were greeted promptly on check in, and 5 minutes later were escorted to our room. Although a long way back in the resort the grounds were beautiful, the room was spotless, and very quiet. As reviewed the beds were extra firm and the pillows slim. Due to the high humidity you had to run the air conditioning all the time to try and keep things dry. No big deal, this is the tropics, 85 degrees, sunny, and humid 7 days in a row. The room was cold at night and we asked for a blanket, you could have slept outside in Maine in winter with the blankets they supplied, no use in the islands.  The beach was beautiful and you could walk for miles past the other resorts and check them out. There was no beverage service on the beach, but you could take a short walk up to a bar and get whatever you wanted. The bar had plenty of help and it was never more than a few minutes to get a drink. There was no food service on the beach, but again it was a short walk away. The food on the buffet could have been better, but if you couldn't find something at each meal to enjoy you were just being too picky. Lighten up and have a good time. Every evening there was steak, chicken, 2-3 types of pasta, ribs, fish, and shrimp for entrees, and then 30-40 breads, fruits, veg, and deserts. Bar service in the restaurants was limited to beer and wine. The white wine could double for vinegar in the salad area, so stick to the red. The Italian restaurant was bad, poor qlty, limited true Italian entres, the wait staff wanted to take your meal and desert selections nearly the moment you walked in the door.  The 7 PM seating in the Steak house was one of the best meals of the week, and when the staff found out it was our wedding anniversary they gave us a bottle of champagne. Our waiter made sure our water and wine was refilled without making a fuss. Don't go to the 9 PM seatings, everything is dried out because they cook all the food earlier. Take a walk down the beach and reserve free use of the Hobie Cat catamarans. The winds are brisk in the afternoon and if your heading towards shore and riding a breaking wave it's just great fun. If you go expecting a 5 star experience when you are paying 40-50% less at the Taino than at the other resorts your bound to feel let down. A smile, a few $$ for tips, and an attempt to throw in a few words of spanish makes for better service and a more enjoyable experience. Remember the staff is trying to understand German, French, Dutch, English, and Spanish.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>lsn31
<Content>First trip, but great trip       Swim up bar, on a hot day  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>hanavix
<Content>Not a 5 star My Boyfriend and family stayed at the RIU TAINO from February 18th- 25th 2007. Perhaps it is because we had awful weather that we noticed so many problems with this resort. First, our room was falling apart. None of our doors functioned properly, cracked ceilings, and missing handles on almost all drawers. The matress was paper thin and the sheets were awful and moist. It was 2 twins made into a king so If u rolled to the middle u would be in a crack. The food was not great at all. They state to have many restaurants around but every buffet served the exact same thing..crappy food. The Steakhouse was by far the most awful meal. we actually took one bite and spit it out and left to go to the buffet. my boyfriend survived on french fries and cucumbers for 7 days straight. The Entertainment was just ridiculas.. After every sentance they went into this stupid dance over and over and over again. They didnt even know the moves so just to introduce the guests participating in the game took 40 minutes. One night they asked the crowd where they were from and 90 percent that evening was from Canada or the U.S and they then did a 30 minute comedy show in spanish. Many of the European guests were downright rude and had no respect for the people around them or the resort itself. To top it off on the last day they state you can have a courtesy room to shower and change before u leave and instead made you go into a gross communal shower of sorts.....just disgusting.. I had to throw away my sandals after that. My main issue with all this is that we were under the impression that this was a 5 star, If we went there thinking it was a 3 star it would have been fine. But to be let down day after day u need a vacation just to forget you were ever there.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>3	2	1	4	3	4	2	3	

<Author>allison4908
<Content>Wonderful place for the price       The property  
<Date>Mar 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Sherry3
<Content>Absolutely Delightful!!! I stayed at the Riu Taino on February 20th -27th with my husband, my parents, and my brother and his wife. We had an excellent time at the Dominican. It was the first time I've stayed at a Riu hotel, and I must say it is 'top notch'.Here's my overall review from the flight to the food to the beach:Flight: We travelled with Skyservice. Being 5'10'' myself and my husband being 6'4'', we found it very uncomfortable. The seats were cramped with absolutely no leg room. My 5'0'' sister in law also found it tight herself. Other than that, it was a safe smooth ride to beautiful Punta Cana.Arrival: As we arrived to the Punta Cana airport we got out luggage and boarded our Coco Tours bus in a matter of 20-30 mins - and then we were off to the Riu Taino.Hotel: The first impression of the hotel was the size. It is pretty grand - including it's own street 'Caribbean Street'. As we got there at around 11:30, we were informed that the hotel room would not be available until 1 p.m. - they informed us that we could leave our baggage there or within their office and go and have some drinks and lunch. We arrived back at the front desk at around 1:15 and our rooms were ready. The busboy helped us take our luggage to our rooms.The Room: The rooms were 'ok'. Despite being a little dated, it was extremely clean. There were always clean linen, towels, etc everyday. They even made some cute ducks? or was it snakes? - not sure, out of towels and the little red flowers located throughout the hotel compound. There's a safe deposit box in each room. Each safe had a separate barrel; therefore, it would be impossible for anyone to break into your safe. The fridges were always stocked with cold beer and soda pop - and the 4 litre jug of water. There were never any roaches, ants or other insects in our rooms.The Beach: Absolutely beautiful. That's the reason we visited Punta Cana again. You can walk for miles along the beach and visit the other Riu hotels. The Food: My favourite part! Being from the Caribbean myself (West Indian) we enjoy a little spice in our food. Breakfast, lunch and dinner were exceptionally great. We visited one of the a la carte, but it happens to be a buffet as well, so it wasn't much different. The main buffet suited us just fine. We were served fresh seafood almost everyday. From lobster, crabs, calamari, fish, shrimp, you name it! One day they had stewed beef and rice - delicious. The desserts were plentiful - from pastries, to cakes to freshly cut fruit. My favourite was the sour sap and papaya. The Pizza: I've had pizza at many different resorts in the caribbean, this one is my favourite. The cheese pizza is absolutely delicious.Overall, the Riu experience was absolutely great. I would definitely return to the hotel in the future.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>becca_smith75
<Content>good time       on the way  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>truebluetoo
<Content>Riu Taino a very nice holiday I just arrived home from the Riu Taino yesterday and had a wonderful time. I'd like to address some of the things I read in past reviews about this hotel. The rooms are a little dated so I wouldn't call this a 5 star but the slightly shabby rooms did not affect my holiday one bit. They are very clean and the staff at this hotel are constantly working to make it nice. We had face clothes in our rooms as well as pillow slips. The beds are firm but they are the same as any other Carribean resort that I've been to. There is no bottled water in the resort except to buy at the gift shop but the gallon jugs they provided suited me just fine for teeth brushing. Any time I ran out of anything in the room such as pop, beer or towels I called reception and they were at my room within 10 minutes. The grounds are wonderful and the beach is spectacular. The food was plentiful and I was always able to find a wide variety of things to eat. Like in all foreign countries they try very hard to make the food to our standard but it always had a Dominican twist to it. It's true that they put corn and weiners on pizza but they also had many other varieties so you didn't have to choose it if you didn't wish to. We had no problems with bugs or flies at any time on the resort or near the food. The staff was very helpful and the Animacion team worked very hard to entertain. The pools were also very nice and never in my time there did I smell sewage by the pool bar as had been reported. We had one day of rain and while walking around we could smell sewage but that's all part and parcel of going to a country that doesn't have the same level of sewers systems that we are used to here in North America. The one complaint that I have is that they will not let you change your wet beach towel in for a dry one on the same day. One towel per person per day is the allotment. To get around this we simply had one person take the towel back and obtain the card and sent another of our party to retrieve a new towel. All in all I have tosay that my holiday was a success and worth the money spent.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	5	3	5	2	

<Author>luv2travel1999
<Content>Never Again My husband, my son and I stayed at the Riu Taino from February 15 to the 22. I was very dissappointed for many reasons. Firstly, after arriving late (we had a late flight) we were dropped off at the Riu Naiboa (next door to the Taino) and had to walk over to the Taino. Once we arrived at the Taino we were not greated with any welcome drinks or food. My husband had to walk around the complex at midnight to find a snack bar that had food. Once we settled in our room we had a horrible night sleep because the mattress was in dyer need of being replaced. The next day I found a little visitor in the bath tub ( a roach) and another one the day after that and a third the day before we left. It rained a few days during our week's stay and other than staying in our room to watch tv there was nothing to do. It was too bad that the hotel didn't have alternative activities in case of rain. This hotel is not a five star contrary to its rating.....it's no more than a 4 star. Having said all that it wasn't all bad. I love the domenican people. The hotel was kept clean, the food was in abundance and good and the beach was spectacular. However, I will never go the Riu Taino again.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	2	4	1	4	4	

<Author>Hep07
<Content>Great beach but otherwise pretty mediocre Arrived back on February 24th after a week's stay. Unfortunately the weather was lousy which caused us to be more critical of the resort.Positives: The Beach, pools, bars and staff.Negatives: Rooms, entertainment, food., layout. Long walks from room to beach. No local off the resort stores. Excursions are not worth the price. Beware of the souvenir sellers.Smokers will love the place and seemed to be in the majority. Very little to do when the weather is bad. Fellow guests not particularly friendly. Large groups from Europe.Go to nearby resorts for better atmosphere and entertainment.We wouldn't go back there. There are much better resorts.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>laneylandry
<Content>Great trip! Very good place to be!       View on the beach  
<Date>Feb 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ajewell
<Content>You get what you give       Beautiful Dominican countryside  
<Date>Feb 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>RixEz
<Content>Great Week in Punta Cana Paradise The Riu Taino is very laidback, which gives you a real feel for the Caribbean. The Riu Bambu and Riu Naiboa were a little classier, but the Riu Taino suited my taste just fine. The Riu Palace Macao was a step up from the above mentioned three resorts, and the Riu Palace Punta Cana was very luxurious. All five resorts are right next to each other. The rooms at the Taino were modest, very clean, and comfortable. The in-room liquor dispensers consisted of vodka, gin, brandy, and rum, and the mini frig was stocked with beer and soft drinks and drinking water. I was at the resort December 10 thru 15, 2006. It seemed that the majority of tourists were German or Swiss, a few Americans and Canadians, but I had no problem communicating with most of them. The food was great, and the staff was overwhelmingly courteous and helpful. The swimming pools were wonderful, and the beach was unbelievable. I鈥檓 going back Feb 27 鈥?March 3, 2007. It鈥檚 a great bargain for the price.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Torontonian123
<Content>Nice beach but that's about all. We stayed at the Riu Taino from Jan 20-27th. No welcome drinks, which would have been nice since we arrived late in the evening after a very cramped flight. We were directed to a snack bar area for food which had obviously been sitting there for hours and was barely edible. Our rooms were ready right away but they were some distance away from everything so we spent a lot of time walking everywhere we had to go. It鈥檚 nice to walk but gets tiresome after a while, especially if you have young children with you. I鈥檇 request a room closer to the lobby if I were to go again. Rooms: Apparently there are no adjoining rooms but they did put our three rooms in the same building, which was fine. My husband and I would have preferred two doubles or one king bed rather than a single and a double, but we made do. Otherwise the rooms are clean, air conditioning works fine and there's also an overhead fan. Plenty of closet space. Bathroom was clean although a cabinet would have been nice. Yes there was paint in the tub but who cares? It was clean. The shower in our washroom was broken so we had to hold the shower head in our hands to shower, which was a bit of a drag. The showers in the other two rooms worked fine and they have good water pressure. The rooms, bedding and pillows did not smell moldy but they were definitely old and dated and occasionally stained. It鈥檚 time they invested in new beds and bedding. Pillows were really flat but we brought our own so we were ok. The rooms were cleaned beautifully every day and we always received towel art. The maids appeared to be cleaning rooms all day and into the evening. We came and went as we pleased and the rooms were always done by the time we came back. Bugs: We got mosquito bitten quite a bit and there we鈥檙e also plenty of 鈥渘o-see-ums鈥?feasting on our legs on the outdoor patios at night, so bring bug spray. We killed 10 mosquitoes in our room one night. They hide in the curtains. Food: We ate our main meals at the main reception buffet all but one night. Although there was a variety of food, it was all very bland and there was something about it that just didn't sit well with me. I'd take about 4 bites then couldn't stomach any more. I survived on bananas, soup and cantelope for the most part. Yes, they always had hotdogs and burgers (neither of which were edible in our books) but they also had caviar, fresh breads, desserts, shrimp, lobster, roast pork, roast lamb, salads galore etc. You won鈥檛 go hungry but eating was definitely not a highlight of this trip. Be careful of the roast chicken as it was not cooked enough at all. If you鈥檙e taking children, supervise their choices carefully. A lot of the food is recycled, not heated enough or past it鈥檚 time. A lot of flies around the food at all buffets. They should cover the food better. Just use common sense and you shouldn鈥檛 get sick. Previous reviews generally correct about the food: fried eggs are runny and overcooked on the bottom, bacon and sausages were either overcooked or undercooked and very greasy, undercooked scrambled eggs with a variety of leftovers thrown in etc. We enjoyed fresh fruit smoothies. No cereal. No cold milk. Toast with jam was a staple. We booked the Italian restaurant for 7 and found they had booked the steakhouse restaurant for 9 instead, which was disappointing. The steakhouse was a joke. We were first in line for our sitting and we were served last. The main course took an hour and twenty minutes to arrive and they made no apologies whatsoever. Both the service and the main course were terrible. The steak was boiled prime rib that was unceremoniously thrown on a plate with some three day old vegetable mush that was equally unedible. Some of us got a golf ball sized baked potato but they were not cooked so you couldn鈥檛 eat them either. The main course was simply not tolerable. The only saving grace was the salad buffet where we managed to fill up on nachos, guacamole and a few other items you get at the main buffet anyway. We didn鈥檛 book to eat at any of the other ala carte restaurants after that. We had intended to eat at the Riu Bambu one night but never got around to it. The buffet may be slightly better there from what we saw of it but don鈥檛 quote me on it. Avoid the steakhouse at all costs. If the pasta that is available at the buffets is any indication of the pasta at the Italian restaurant, I wouldn't bother going there either. At least at the buffets you have more options.Drinks were great - anything you want is there for the asking. Ask for premium liquor as they do have it. I enjoyed the gin and tonics or scotch on the rocks. Service at the bars was always good even when crowded. They鈥檙e not cheap with the shots. Nice bartenders, tip them occasionally. Opt for cappuccino at the coffee machines. I often poured it over ice in a glass for a cold coffee. You can get a few extra beer for the frig in your room if you tip the boys who deliver it for you. Would have been nice to have access to some ice for mixed drinks in our rooms but no big deal. Staff: We loved Pedro!!! He made our trip with his amazing sense of humor. He really knows how to keep people laughing. Do whatever he asks you to participate in and you鈥檙e sure to have fun. We played volleyball and a Frisbee game with him. We thought he was the best dancer on the entertainment team too so don鈥檛 miss out on dance nights at the Bamboo bar. We spent all of our time at the beach so we didn鈥檛 really meet the rest of the entertainment team because they work in the pool areas. The rest of the staff were always pleasant and efficient. If you want a siesta in the afternoon, be advised that the maid staff all have walkie talkies on loud and they yell back and forth to each other throughout the day. You鈥檙e better off snoozing on the beach rather than attempting to sleep in your room.The beach: Beautiful blue water and very soft sand. Definitely the highlight of the trip. It was busy but not overly crowded. Plenty of room to stroll the beach. We always found chairs and we never had any problems getting towels at any time of day. There were topless women but we didn鈥檛 see any explicit behaviour. Water was cooler than Mexico but refreshing. You can get some snorkeling gear free and see some small fish around the reefs there. You can bargain them down from $95 to $65 for two for parasailing, just tip the rep a bit. Big waves were not too suitable for smaller children who are not as water savvy. There was always a gentle breeze and the temperature was perfect. Bring a light sweater for the evenings, especially if you like to walk along the beach at night.The pools: We played water polo and it was great fun, but one of the guests seriously cut the bottom of his foot on the bottom of the pool. It ruined the rest of his stay. Guests: I found it hard to get a smile out of any of the guests. Most of them looked at me as if I had two heads when I smiled as we passed by each other. Not too many English speaking people there at all. A few families with toddlers. Many married couples aged 45 and up. Some small groups of young people but mostly 35+. I wouldn鈥檛 recommend this place for anyone who wants to stay up partying. There is a disco on the property where a lot of the staff frequent (and you have to pay for any drinks you want there) but all and all, this is more of a low key place where most people go to bed and rise early. Guests generally keep to themselves. Sunquest: Christine, our Sunquest rep, was supposed to meet us at 10:30 the morning after we arrived. After waiting an hour, the front desk informed us she wasn鈥檛 coming and to come back at 5:30. She never showed up both times. This was an inconsiderate waste of our vacation time. It also shortchanged us of a proper orientation and information about local excursions. We will do our best to avoid traveling with Sunquest again. Try and get all the info you need for excursions off of the Trip Central boards before you leave or you鈥檒l get ripped off. For example, we requested a snorkeling trip and they sent us to Sanoa Island. It took 3 hours on the bus and 1.5 hours on the catamaran to get out there. We spent only 2.5 hours on the island and there was no snorkeling whatsoever. Then we had to travel back by speedboat and bus. The island is beautiful but wasn鈥檛 worth wasting our whole day in traveling like that. The food they served at the island was barely edible and the servers were just short of rude. The beach at the resort is just as nice. Skyservice: Our flight back was delayed from 10pm until 2:30 am so we were utterly exhausted when we finally arrived home鈥efinitely not fun with children in tow. Do not let them put you in row 11 or in the rows next to the middle exit doors. We couldn鈥檛 sleep a wink on the plane because these seats do not recline back at all and when the passengers in front of us reclined their seats, we had no room to move at all. Tips: 1.) I would look into flights out of Buffalo rather than Toronto. Apparently it鈥檚 a lot cheaper and there are not as many delays. 2.) I would look into a resort with better quality food. Personally, not having to prepare meals and dining out is a big part of what us Moms enjoy about vacationing. They have a lot of food but it was not appetizing at all.3.) Bring snacks for your rooms if you鈥檙e bringing children. They spend a lot of time in the sun and exercising so they often need a healthy bedtime snack. 4.) Bring some staple drugs, such as cough medicine, Tylonol, polysporin, anti-scathing powder, Tums or Rolaids. They charge a fortune for these items in the gift shops. Extra bathing suits and sunhats for children recommended. Clothing does not dry as easily there.5) My husband was bitten fiercely by fire ants when he walked barefoot on the grass. Your feet get chewed up if you walk on the hot stone pavement for any length of time so be sure to bring comfortable shoes for walking the grounds. 6.) Absolutely make sure you have $20US per person when you arrive at the airport to leave. We were short $8 and the bank machine at the airport was out of order. They seriously will not let you on your plane unless you have every penny. We had to beg and plead incessantly to have someone escort my husband to another bank machine beyond the gates to get the balance of money we needed. In fact, I would get all the money you need before you leave as it鈥檚 not easy to access money there at all.10.) Jet fuel exhaust in the terminals is intense because it鈥檚 all open concept. Wait beyond the gates until half hour before you have to board.11.) Travel light. You鈥檒l be in your bathing suit all day and you鈥檒l only need some clothes for dining and dancing in the evening. Men must wear pants for dinner, no M shirts. If you plan on going on excursions you may want to bring some capris. 12.) Leave your jewellery at home. My rings loosened considerably in the salt water so I put them in the safe.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>OneHappyCamper29
<Content>fantastic Stayed at this place for the third time. Once again Charlie and crew did a bang up job. Place was clean, food in great amounts, and of course the drink supply was endless. The pool area was always kept clean. The beach is spotless and crews are always picking up after everyone. How could anyone not be impressed by all this effort from the good people of the Riu Taino . They went out of there way to ensure a very nice vacation.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>stormin-norman-7
<Content>A week in a troical paradise We went to The D.R Jan 14-21. Stayed at the Riu Taino. Most importantly we were there for my nephews wedding as fore mentioned by sherrieliesha. Virtually a great experience. The rooms were very clean and cleaned spotlessly by hard working maids who we tipped daily with kids small toys stickers, pencils etc and if you have any of those Mc.Donalds toys its a good place to get rid of them. They also love candy. One exception was there are very little of face clothes. Beach towels we took with us to prevent paying 20.00 us if we lost them. Thanks for the tip travel advisory. If you are laying near the pool , get there early to put your towel on your spot, by the beach there is no problem finding a chair or a spot. The food was the same for most of the week. the best spot we found to eat was the main dining room at the lobby, as there was more selection. Desserts are awesome as is the cappaccino coffee. Although by the 4-5 th day you can become tired of the food and crave for something from home. When buying stuff from peddlers or on the market on the beach , stick to your bottom price as they will drop a huge amount ex- 120.00 down to 10-20.00. Drinks are good and lots of them. but state how much rum you want in it as they are quite liberal. Off the resort is a very poor country as you will see as you arrive. The airport is quite easy to manouver although keep your hands on your luggage as they will try to take it for you for a tip. Overall I would recomend staying at any riu, although the riu naboa there is not on the beach. Riu bamboo is very nice too. The palaces are a bit stuffy, but very nice to look at. Have a great trip  
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sherryeleisha
<Content>Beautiful Beach               
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>mh6
<Content>A Great Value!       View from the bar.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Mcartman
<Content>Be careful We just got back from the Taino after six nights in Jan. Let me say that we may have been spoiled because our first stay was in a Riu Palace. I will pay the extra money to stay in a palace.Starting off, the hotel staff is great!!! The front desk staff is(especially Julio) wonderful and the cleaning crew was always pleasant. We tipped our maid everyday and everyday of our stay we received towel art. The staff in the restaurants were also helpful, but when the dining room was full we often had to hold our plates while waiting for someone to tell the servers to clean the ten empty tables. They were too busy talking with the other servers. We found one waiter, tipped him, and sat in his section everytime we ate. He would see use, and go and clean a table for us.The grounds are beautiful, but the rooms are older (but not horrible) The beach is pretty. The hotel ran out of towels for the beach/pool EVERY day of our trip, by 10 A.M.!!!! Many of the people would get towels in the A.M., go put them on chairs and leave. You would not see them for hours!!! We also noticed a beach chair in the pool area and since there were no other chairs available since all the people had left there towels we took the beach chair. We did not put the chair in the pool area, and a worker had been sweeping around the chair, so we thought it was ok to use the chair. When we sat down, the worker who had just swept around the chair came over and yelled that the chair belonged on the beach. He made it sound as if we brought the chair from the beach. I went and found another chair and when I went to put the chair in the sand, he came running over and said that he would do it. On our last stay, if a worker had even thought about talking rudely to a guest, the managers would have been all over the worker.The food....horrible. How do you mess up hot dogs and hamburgers, and pizza. The food was often undercooked and the bacon in the morning was either burned or completely raw. The food was horrible. Thank goodness you can not screw up french fries, because that is how I survived. The food was the exact same everyday, except for maybe one dish. When we stayed at the Palace, they had a snack bar open everyday/all day and night. We could always find something to eat. At the Tanio, if you missed breakfast (ended at 10 a.m.), then you could not find anything to eat unitl 12 p.m. and I mean 12 p.m. exactly!!! One day it started to rain pretty hard, so all the people in the pool and beach went to the cover of the bar. The rain, which it did everyday of our trip, last for about thirty minutes, and everyone was jammed into the bar/restaurant area. The food for the 12 p.m. serving had been sitting under heat lamps for about 15 minutes, so people were hungry (and alot of people). It was about three minutes to 12 and the people started to liine up in front of the food. The cooks and servers were yelling at people that they could not eat for another 5 minutes!!! The food is there and people were hungry!!!! That would have never happened at a Palace!!! The Pizzeria had three pizzas, which usually only had one or two pieces of pizza on the tray. The pizza's were always the same. The cooks were never in a hurry to cook more pizzas and to put them out. Why call it a Pizzeria if you are not going to have pizza available???? The bar often had more Pizza than the Pizzeria. We also like to drink, so after drinking at the bar, we were often hungry, but there was no where to even get a bag of chips because everything was closed.The prices in the shops were extremely high. Way to high for the items that they have.The airport is also a joke. We are used to not bringing liquids and things like that to the airport. We often clear security and then purchase drinks for the trip in the secure area. My wife bought a Sprite since the trip from the hotel to the airport is very rough and dangerous. While she was waiting to get on the plane, she had her drink in her hand. A very rude security person told her she had to throw the drink away. We informed him that we had purchased the drink in the secure area, and he again stated that she had to get rid of the drink. There were a hundred people smoking in the area and carrying lighters on the plane, but her drink, which was purchased in a secure area, was a problem. Also, be ready to show your passport numerous times. We had to show the passports a total of six different times. All the passengers were stopped at the bottom of the ramp to enter the plane and we made to show our passport again.Overall, the Dominican was very pretty in the resort areas and the people were very nice, but the hotel was lacking and the prices for the trinkets were very high for a very poor country.We will not be going back.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>scott_macdonald
<Content>Great value resort from Woodstock Ont. We stayed at Tanio from Jan 1st to the 8th 2007. I have to say that I was pleasently surprised by the quality of the resort. The people of Dominican are fabulous. We have traveled to several Caribean locations and have experienced some very good resorts and some very bad. Riu Tanio was an excellent resort for the value. Food was a little repeditive but there was always something good to eat . pool and beach were fabulous, as usual europeans were very rude. Pushing and shoving and also very unsportsmanlike in the games people play for FUN. Drinks were fantastic, ask Freddy at the swim up bar for a Rosa Freddy Special. My wife and daughter thought they were fantastic. I am just a cervasa man myself. Rooms were very clean and well taken care off. Ala carte resturants had beautiful atmosphere and service was excellent, but the food was not much to be desired. Buffett was fantastic. All in all it was a great vacation and we had a great time. Ohla!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Jan 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>saphirediamond
<Content>Loved it!!! My husband and I were at the RIU Taino from December 30th 2006- January 6th 2007. We had an amazing time! I had read about the gardens being so lovely but I hadn't imagined how great they really were. We got to celebrate New Year's there and so they had closed all the A la Carte Restaurants and served lobsters among other great things in the main buffet area. There was a countdown party and so it was very exciting. Overall I thought the food was great. We had acces to 2 other RIU hotels so there was always so many options as to where we could eat every meal. The breakfast was repetitive but honestly there isn't all that much you can make for breakfast. Everything we wanted was there. the A la Carte restaurants weren't as good as other places we've been to but they weren't bad. I thought it was a little funny that the salad/soup and dessert selections were still done buffet-style. We had room 1223 and it was very lovely. I liked having those little villas instead of a huge hotel for everyone. It made it more intimate and romantic.The beach was very nice and the only downfall was that the weather wasn't the best. It rained on and off on many days and it was pretty windy most of the time. We still made the best out of it and had a blast. The hotel staff were always so friendly and welcoming. They even let us keep our room for an extra 3 hours because I am pregnant. We went on the Santo Domingo tour and thought it was worth every penny. It was a little long.. leaving at 6am and arriving at 9 p.m but it really gave us an idea of the dominican culture. Overall excellent... I don't see how anyone could complain... We've been to several other places including Europe and frankly this is a great hotel! The animation team was excellent. I've never seen such great quality animation aside from cruise ships. BEWARE: DON'T EAT AT THE WENDY'S AT PUNTA CANA AIRPORT. MY HUSBAND AND I WERE SICK EXACTLY 2 HOURs AFTER EATING THERE AND WE ARE STILL DEALING WITH THE CONSEQUENCES ALMOST A WEEK LATER!!!!! NOT FUN!  
<Date>Jan 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	3	4	4	2	

<Author>soccerdad2007
<Content>Absolutely Average We just got back yesterday from the Riu Taino and had read many reviews on this resort prior to going. We had read extremely positive reviews and negative ones. We have travelled to other islands in the past so we had a good basis to compare this one with. We both would rate this hotel as a absolute average to slightly above average resort. We booked this vacation through Sunquest Vacations who rated the Taino as a 5 star. Both my wife and I would say it was a good 4 star but in no way a 5 star.If you are looking for a 5 star resort then stay at the Riu Palace (sister hotel) a few doors down. It was absolutely beautiful! Getting back to the Riu Taino..... The rooms are in need of updating. The bed covers were worn and stained. Their was mold in the bathrooms and the beds were singles. We had a family of four and booked 2 Super Saver Rooms. Our price was fantastic at only $798.00 CDN plus taxes each for 1 week. We stayed from Jan 1-Jan 8 2007. The pools are not heated and were probably about 75 degrees. Not freezing but definetly cooler than expected. The ocean was about the same temp. The beach was beautiful (one of the best we have ever seen). The grounds crew kept the resort very clean but again it is in need of a serious update. The food was average (good selection) but not very tasty. The kids club very rarely had anything for the kids to do and only ever had 1 or 2 kids in it. Our kids are 8 and 9 and they chose to entertain themselves rather than go to the club. Most of the staff were very friendly but some were rude and chose to ignore you. One of the staff said to friends of ours (14 year old daughter) that she and him would do the boom boom and she would have his baby in 9 months. NOT APPROPRIATE!!! In fairness to the staff member he may not have known how old she was but he should not be saying that to any guest regardless of age. On another note the weather was about 25-30 degrees celcius every day. It was very breezy and the waves were fun for the kids. Everyday a brief downpour would happen for about 5-10 minutes (once or twice per day). Overall as mentioned before everything about this hotel is average. If you go there expecting a 5 star resort you will be disapointed. Expect a true 4 star resort and you will enjoy your stay. The family that we met from England said that it is rated a 3-1/2 star resort in the English brochures. For the value it was a good vacation but we will look to stay at the Riu Palace next time.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2007
<Rating>3	4	2	4	3	4	2	2	

<Author>Whopper27
<Content>Great, relaxing time...       Our room # 372  
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>soap2
<Content>We'd go back We were there from Dec.7 to 14 ,2006.We were pleasantly surprised since we paid so little through a last minute travel site on the web. Room was a little musty but if you feel the constant humidity it's no surprise. It was always clean and everything worked well. Bed and pillows were hard but we have become accustomed to this at all-inclusives. We took a couple of pillows with us and left them for the maid at end of trip.(we just sucked the air from them in those vaccuum bags and they took up little space - $5.00 pillows) Food was good in the buffet- we ate breakfast there and one supper. We easily booked a sit down restaurant every other night and they were very good- the Steakhouse, the Mexican, the Caribbean and twice in the Italian since it was sooo good.The beach is to die for- lots of Palms for those who don't want constant sun. Walked for miles along that beautiful beach.Lots of Europeans stay here and are not shy about shedding their tops so if you don't like the female breast, go elsewhere. Personally, I had eye-strain at the end of the week.Staff was friendly although there isn't a lot of English spoken here we could always make our thoughts known to staff.Our only complaint was with other guests at times. Many of the europeans seem to be lacking in a few necessary manners like saying please and thankyou to staff and by not moving when walking the paths of the complex. I used a few hockey skills at times and put a stiff shoulder into more that one man who would not move over for my wife and myself as we walked single file to give them room.We were also impressed with the cleanliness of the washrooms in and around all of the public places like the restaurants and bars. The grounds were also immaculate.We will be looking for some great deals to go back there again next year or to the Riu Bambu which also looked great. The Riu Macao Palace and the Riu Palace were beautiful but I'm sure the price just went up about 200% and they looked a little more stiff shirted if you didn't wear a $400.00 bathing suit.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>beachlover8200
<Content>Punta Cana Amazing, Taino Food Sucks! We visited the resort Dec 9 to 15th. I am putting everything into categories for easy reading: Room: Gross! There were 2 of us and we had 1 double and 2 singles in the room, we asked for a King sized but the front desk wouldn't help us. Bed was so old and uncomfortable, Bar fridge came with very little drinks in them and refilled every other day! Bathroom full of mold. The room smelt from air-conditioning. It was an old hotel room that needed updating badly!!! I have seen way better Holiday Inn Expresses!!!! Grounds: Lovely, the wildlife and nature were amazing they really did a great job. Beach was Beautiful. Pool needs to be re done especially by the swim up bar. Beach: Best Part of the vacation Ocean was amazing and lots of fun. Some of the days we noticed a lot of seaweed floating but if you walked about 5 min down the beach you could find a clear spot to swim. We had no problems getting a lounger on the beach even though people dropped there towels and left. The beach alone will be the reason i return to Punta Cana. Food: I am a bit of a picky eater but my partner is not. At breakfast the eggs were under cooked along with there bacon.. soggy fatty bacon blah! We both found the food at the buffet to be boring and cooked in ways we would never do. For example one night they had a tray of carrots with leftover bacon in it.. what is that??? We also did see the leftover Hotdogs in spaghetti and the rice dishes... it was in everything! The Meat (Chicken Pork and Roast Beef) where cooked good but no variety in the spices used (salt and pepper) . Some nights my partner only ate bread for dinner because he couldn't handle it anymore. The Al a carts where no better they were buffet and were awful! We did 2 and stopped going. Forget about the snack bar or pizzeria it is disgusting! The pizza looked inedible I couldn't stomach it!! The hotdogs were fried and greasy and hamburgers were worse than any no name burger you can find in Canada! The only thing edible were the fries which we saw the European's fighting for as they are not available all the time! One night we were so hungry we bought chips at the local store for $5 to fill us. How sad is that! Entertainment: You have to go to the RIU Bamboo for your entertainment, much better than the Taino. Don't waste your time in there little smoked filled room!  
<Date>Dec 19, 2006
<Rating>3	3	1	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>snowbirdLuv2travel2
<Content>Great place for a repeat visit We previously stayed at this hotel, and found it an excellent value for the money and we enjoyed it alot. We returned with some good friends,and hoped for a repeat experience, and we were not diasppointed. The rooms were near the edge of the property line in the 12 room bungalows. Though it was a 5 minute walk to the beach, it was a nice walk and we did not mind it at all. The rooms are cleaned nicely each day, with fresh towels and sheets, no problems with the linen at all. Water and beer and softdrinks are complimentary in your mini fridge in your room, along with it was a bar, we did not use it at all. Food was great, alot to choose from at each meal, there was pasta, a beef dish, pork and chicken available for each meal choice. Along with a huge selections of fresh vegetables and fruit if you went hungry it was your own fault. We did visit the steakhouse one night, but preferred the buffet. Wine was served with lunch and supper, and a good selection of beer was available also. We certinally did not see the hotdogs in the pasta and pizza mentioned in another review, the food is way above this. The beach though windy was great . The ocean was warmer than the pool, and I spent almost every afternoon cooling off in it.We went on this vacation intending on getting in some scuba diving, but it was a bust. They wanted to take us to Catalina island to dive but we were put off by the price of the excursion. Scuba Caribe wanted a lot of money to do two dives each for my husband and I, it was going to be almost $400.00 US funds. They wanted to give us all we could eat and drink - anyone that dives knows that drinking is a no no, and who wants to eat huge meals when you dive?? I asked some people who returned from their open water dive tests if it was worth going out infront of the resort, they replied that there was not much to see there.. We also went parasailing and snorkling, it was great. Watch for any specials listed in the dive shop, and make sure that you get them. They were more than a little reluctant to honor it, but when the four of us left they sure came and found us quickly..... Pedro of the animation team is so funny, watch for him in his wigs and leading the pool aerobics. Pedro certinaly knows how to dance with the ladies!! We really enjoyed our return visit, and continue to recommend the RIU chain of hotels.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GrandesAl
<Content>Beautiful Beach My friend and I spent a week at the RIU Taino from Nov 29-Dec 6. It was our first time to the DR and we enjoyed it. I am by no means an expert on resorts but I have stayed at all inclusives in Puerto Vallarta and Cabo but this was my first experience outside Mexico. The registering was a breeze as well as the transport from the airport (40 min.) The resort consists of rooms in 2 story bungalows scattered amongst beautifully maintained gardens. The room itself was basic. This time instead of having 2 double beds we had 2 twin beds. The beds were hard (of course) and the linens could have been updated. The A/C worked well and the room included a minibar and a liquor dispenser with bottles of rum, vodka, gin and brandy.. The minibar had a few beers and pop (mix). Unfortunately they are refilled every 2 days (twice during our stay) which isn't often enough but satisfactory. When you stay at the Taino you also have access to 2 other adjacent RIU properties. We never ventured off to explore the others as we found the bars and restaurants more than adequate at the Taino. There are 2 pools and each one had a bar access and a snack bar. The main pool had a swim up bar. There is no service on the pool decks so the bar service is self serve. The pools are beside the beach. The beach is awesome..beautiful white sand and turquoise water. There is a reef off shore that the waves break over. Awesome!!! The first few days were very windy so we spent our days sunning at the pool, the last few days the wind died right down creating a hot pool deck so we sat at the beach where the breeze was welcome and cooling. The activity staff poolside always had games and activities going on and always had a smile. They were awesome.  The food was typical of most buffets at resorts with great breakfasts and average lunches and dinners. The bars where I am an expert (I'm a bartender) were well equipped with a bigger selection than what I had seen previously. The bar staff were friendly and I made quick friends with a few of them. Augusto and Edwin at the Cocos Bar and Luis Miguel at La Bamba. Very few of the staff speak English but it gave me a chance to work on my Spanish. I thought I did quite well (Pat on back) It really isn't necessary for them to speak English as 90% of the clientele are European and seem to be able to speak Spanish. Augusto gave me a couple of CD's to take home. The biggest difference for me was the amount of Europeans compared to Mexico. I found it difficult to start up any conversations while sitting at the bar which is usually my specialty!! Of course that is not the fault of the resort, just a demographic.Due to the location of the resort (NE corner of the DR) there are no sunsets so I highly recommend getting up early and seeing the sunrise. Well worth it.I'd definitely go back to Punta Cana and the RIU resorts  
<Date>Dec 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	2	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>slugger1
<Content>lost appeal... My wife and I returned for our 3rd visit in four years. We did not visit resort last year. The resort has definitely lost its appeal since our last visit. The beach remains the highlite of the resort. The Riu Melao has merged into the Taino, causing staffing and cleanup problems around the pool area. The pool bar needs painted---badly! We chose not to swim near the bar! The resort has become overcrowded. Of course, guests are unwilling to clean up the mess left behind. Sad! The food in the main restaurant has become boring and predictable. Little or no taste. They no longer have seating times. Which creates a cattle callat 7PM. Shorts are now permitted to be worn at Dinner as well. Fortunately, 95% of the guests come to Dinner presentable. We missed the dressy Dinner atmosphere and having our regular table and waiter, Carlos. A few of the staff who stood out over the years are still there. We will miss their professionalism and kindness.Needless to say, this is our third visit---and our last  
<Date>Dec 11, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	4	2	5	3	4	

<Author>carmenanddonny
<Content>Average Stay We just returned from our one week stay at the Riu Taino in Punta Cana. It was our first time in the Domincan, however our 2nd experience staying at a Riu chain.We arrived at the hotel late in the evening, checked in, but we were left to find our own room with our own luggage. We eventually found our room, and noticed that our clock was not working, and our screen door to the balcony was broken. We called reception to notify them, and they were not very eager to fix anything. During our stay, our television would stop working for a while as did our phone. The phone would cut in and out or was just full of static.The location of the resort is right off the beach, which was great because the beach was only steps away. The pools were clean, and the staff were constantly sweeping and picking garbage up which was nice to see.There was a 24 hour snack area available in the case that you missed dinner, however the food selection was not the greatest. The a la carte restaurants were not what we expected, there was still a 'buffet' style which had the same foods as the main buffet dinner. Overall, the food was not great, pretty much the same foods for the whole week. The shows were not the greatest either, some shows were definitely not suitable for young childern, and some were completely disorganized and unprepared.There isn't much shopping around, just 1 main strip and you have to be aware not to pay the full price of the items you're intersted in. Many times, we would be offered the same item for several different prices, and majority of the vendors have the same products.The overall service of the staff was average, we found that many staff did not understand English or French, they only spoke Spanish, so it was difficult at times to communicate any problems or requests we had. Overall, the trip was nice, but we won't be rushing back to this resort any time soon.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	2	2	3	

<Author>Sophie-Steve
<Content>highly overated Just returned from Riu Taino, and am surprised that this hotel has a 5 star rating. The rooms are very outdated with thread bare sheets. The food was ok if you can survive on pizza and french fries for a week. They also have hot dogs but we dont like hot dogs and every day there was pasta with left over hot dogs and pizza with left over hot dogs, it was really awful. They should let their workers take home the left over hot dogs each day. The a la carts are not much better, especially the italian restaurant. Yuck. The workers were great and helpfull, the entertainment was really good. Loved the Beach and the Dominican in general. We will return to the Dominican but never again will I stay at a Riu Resort.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>Alwayssouthbound!
<Content>Perfect Site For 25th Wedding Anniversary What a wonderful relaxing time my husband and I had. We just returned, Nov. 5. Eight nights in heaven! The food was good. The staff were friendly, the beach was glorious! We lay on the beach everyday, swam in the waves. Just a wonderful relaxing time for 2 very stressed over worked 50 year olds. The resort was very clean, we had a lovely room on the ground floor - a bit of a maze to find but I get lost in a mall! We are sorry to be home and will happily return.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	3	5	5	4	2	

<Author>travelwblondie
<Content>GOOD HOTEL BUT SOME PROBLEMS Hello: Husband and I just back from 8 days at the Riu Taino. I have left a review for the Riu Naiba - we checked out of that hotel and into the Taino. My husband is handicap and with cane so the first property is not on the beach and very hard for anyone with a walking problem. The Taino has a wonderful location. Very gorgeous property - right on the most beautiful beach I have ever seen. All the rooms are like little cottages/bungalow type style. Very pretty location. Rooms are clean and they all have balconies or patios. Fun bar in each room. The beds are horrid - need to be update. Very surprising as everything else is first class. But the beds are all singles and we pushed them together to make one large bed. Sheets and covers are horrid - very old and ragged looking as well as the pillows. Hard to get a good night sleep but being on the gorgeous beach each day made up for this small problem. The property is beautiful but again very spread out. The Riu could really invest in a shuttle service, golf cart, or mopeds to take the guests from one property to another. To get to anyone of the restaurants you have to walk and walk. This is a hard place for anyone elderly or handicap. Be reminded you will do alot of walking. No easy way to get around. With that in mind this place is a gem! Food is wonderful - no one should ever complain on it. Fantastic. Good choices each and every night. Drinks are wonderful and non-stop all day. The staff is wonderful. The english language is a bit of a struggle so be prepared to learn your spanish fast. We were the only americans during the week of Oct. 8th but it was a wonderful experience to meet so many people from all over the world - mostly Spain, Brazil, Germany. I can't really complain on anything other than the beds and the walking. This is a great property, beautiful beach in the world, wonderful pool, great entertainment at night. You will enjoy yourself and not get bored. Just be prepared for the walking, not much english spoken and a bit of confusion on check-in but all in all - for the price - this is a great little spot. Please email if I can further assist anyone. Good luck and happy travels to all. Punta Cana is a wonderful, beautiful spot with beautiful beaches and great people!  
<Date>Oct 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	2	5	4	2	5	4	

<Author>Cristyn
<Content>Our stay at the Riu Taino. young couple from south wales uk       our bathroom on arrival  
<Date>Sep 28, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>riutaino06
<Content>BEST TRIP EVER       the beach  
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Abiku
<Content>Awesome beach; good budget vacation experience We just returned home from a 6-day trip to the Riu Taino. This is our second time staying at a Riu All-Inclusive hotel (the first time was for our Honeymoon in Cabo San Lucas, Mexico.) Riu has a complex of six hotels in Punta Cana which provide accommodations for every budget. Ours was definitely the budget experience and if you choose to stay here, have no doubt that you will get what you pay for. Nevertheless, the Riu Taino is a very nice all-inclusive hotel for the budget-conscious traveler. But if you want to be pampered, go to the Riu Palace Macao instead!Accommodations: The rooms at the Riu Taino are in four-room bungalows (2 up; 2 down) The rooms are rather basic but fine. The cleaning lady showed up most every morning about 8:30 a.m., so you'd be smart to be an early riser. You'll get new drinks every 2 days in your minibar and you should ask for what you want. The parts that were a little annoying were the sheets (no fitted sheets so you would awake in the middle of the night with nothing between you and the mattress) and the towels (never enough for us two longhairs.) We probably ended up spending more time there than we would have planned (my husband got sick during the latter part of the trip; also they had WGN Channel 9 so we could watch the Chicago White Sox, our favorite baseball team ,while we were there.)Beach: What can I say? This is the reason to come to Punta Cana! The Riu is very well positioned on Punta Cana's beach. The white sands are complemented by gentle waves and warm waters. For sunbathers this is an exceptional place. The weather was wonderful, too. Not too hot (I don't think it got above 90 degrees the whole time we were there) and there was always a gentle breeze or even a good wind on some days. It rained intensely but briefly about every other day we were there. Be aware that the high number of Europeans who come to Riu Taino mean lots of topless sunbathing, so if this is a problem for you this is not the place to go on vacation.Food/Drink: The Riu all-inclusive plan offers a great deal of variety of foods at every meal. Dinner at the main restaurant is by reserved table, so don't forget to reserve your table your first day there! I would consider myself a real foodie, and while this is not a gourmet experience, the food is decent and most anyone will be able to find something they would be happy eating. Besides the main restaurant in the hotel lobby, there is also a snack bar, a pizzeria (one of our favorites for late lunch) and a couple of specialty restaurants (but we didn't visit them) Incidentally, the folks here have the food service down much better than the folks in Cabo, where the specialty restaurant reservations were a real hassle. Drinks are good, but vary in strength, so if you want it strong make sure to ask for it strong! The Mojitos were especially tasty!Service: The service was cordial and polite, but this is one area where a gratuity really makes a difference. We tipped bartenders, maids, waiters, bellhops, etc., but I don't recall seeing a single other person doing this! I think this is wrong. These folks work from sunrise to midnight, having to negotiate at least four languages on a daily basis and they deserve to be appreciated and treated with consideration. Make sure you tip!!!Entertainment: This is the area where Riu is really corny and weak! Merengue and Bachata music are terrific; fun to listen or dance to. But if you want the real thing, I suggest you get out of the hotel complex and go elsewhere to get the authentic experience. The shows at the hotel were really cheesy 鈥?Tribute to Michael Jackson? Cabaret a la Chicago? Come on! Maybe the Germans who were born before 1950 think this is exciting but for us, hip late-30-somethings, it was embarrassingly bad. This was to be expected because the entertainment at Riu's Cabo hotel was even worse! I do have to give it to the Animacion team, they conducted a great deal of daytime activities such as water polo, volleyball, dance lessons, etc. all day long before they prepared for the evening shows. They work hard and they do it in four languages!Shopping: Listen, don't bother going shopping at the Calle Caribena. Instead go to the artisan market on the end of the beach. It's a bit of a walk, but totally worth it! The paintings particularly are exceptional. You can take away some really special and unique souvenirs. There are a few services on the Calle Caribena that you might need: The Fitness Center, Spa, Pharmacy and Doctor. But otherwise, most everything is overpriced and can be sought elsewheere.Be careful with:鈥eing understood if you speak only English: English is the least common language heard at the Riu Taino. There are many more Spaniards, Germans and French there than anyone else. We really didn't encounter any other US citizens, though since I speak fluent Spanish we were always fine, but it seemed odd to hear only English once we got back to the US鈥?br/>鈥edding: It's especially bad. If you're a couple, forget about sleeping together. Just accept that you'll be sleeping separately and that you might not have fitted sheets on your bed.鈥each Towels: Make sure you get there by 10:00 a.m. They鈥檙e often out by then.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	4	4	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>beautiful beach We just returned from Punta Cana where the weather was gorgeous and the beach was the best we have every seen and we have been to Hawaii, Jamaca, Riveria Maya, Greece, Spain, California and many east coast beaches. We traveled with my three teenage children, my sister and her teenage son. All agree the beach was the best. Water sports were convenient and easy to obtain. We went snorkeling (free with the resort) with some interesting fish in the right corner of the swim area, kayaking (free with the resort), scuba diving (free trial in the pool, but extra to go on a dive) and parasailing (paid extra). If scuba diving remember to get a note from your doctor if you are taking any prescription medications!The accomadations were very nice. We liked the villa type accomadations (4 units per villa), but booking through Orbitz (even when we contacted the hotel 4 weeks prior to our arrival) we did not get all our rooms in the same building. Plus there are no connecting rooms which make it difficult for family travelers. The air- conditioning was great in all our rooms. The higher the room number, the less noice and traffic, but the maids came later (3-4 pm) at the high room numbers. Other reviews noted the pillows are all flat and there are no wash clothes. We concur, but we did not let this ruin our vacation. Food was very good in the dining area with a great variety. All the teenagers found something they liked and all had some foods/beverages that they have never had before. The food is very un-American, which was OK with us, but would be a problem for people who were reluctant to try new things. There were french fries and pizza available at each meal for the gastronomically impaired. There is an abundance of fruit, but the staple vegetables are cabbage and carrots. Which may have contributed to the loose stool problem experienced by 4 of 7 people in our party. Also the water from the tap is not drinkable. This was very hard to remember when you are brushing your teeth. Drinkable water is supplied in abundance, but it is hard to remember not to drink from the tap. We came prepared with an antidiarrheal medication. We did eat out at the restaurant for Carribean food and Steak and our whole group agrees that it was not as good as the buffet. We do not recommend the experience.The resort pool was very nice and the 14 year old boys spent most of their time at the pool, with the 18 year olds at the swim up bar with Hector. We always got loungers, but it was a little competative by the pools particularly on Fridays and Saturdays. There were always lounge chairs on the beach with lots of palm trees to rest under. The Entertainment crew was very enthusiastic and multiligual. We attended one show, the kids loved the bingo and watched some poolside programs. They were good -- the usual quality for the resort. Probably 25% of the resort guests were from English speaking countries. We are used to travel in Europe, but if you are not then the fact that English is not the primary language can be a bit of a challenge. We did not go off the resort this trip and still found plenty to do. There does not appear to be a children's program and there were not a lot of teenagers at this resort. That was nice for us, because it was truly a family vacation, but the teenagers said they would like to come back with a group of friends!  
<Date>Jun 24, 2006
<Rating>3	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Laid Back We stayed for 1 week and had a good time overall. The rooms were very clean, cute mini bar and frige in the room. The umbrella in the rom was a clear sign to expect rain and be prepared. Loved the accomidation set up - 2 storey quad - very cozy. Food was very food and plenty of it. Food was available all day and late into the night. Serve yourself drinks pop, water and wine. The beaches were fantastic. Soft sand  clear water. Plenty of water sports if that interests you. The Entertainment was lousy. My kids could have put on a better show. Ii looked as if they made it up as they went along. Not impressed at all. Close to other Riu hotels and you can visit if you like. Takes away fron the opportuity to meet people because everyone tends to spread themselves out. I would go back  
<Date>May 19, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>takerstcld
<Content>OK Place  Just returned from our stay at the RIU TIANO May 8-12. A quick rundown the food is OK tends to be the same stuff for lunch Hamburg, Chicken, Hot Dogs and Fish with a salad bar. Dinner had a little more variety and some theme nights we had a Mexican and Barbeque nights. A couple of problems I had with dinner was the men had to wear long pants and a sleeved shirt while the women did not have a dress code and the first night you are there you pick a time either 6:30 or 8:30 and that was your set time for dinner the whole trip. Breakfast was good you usual stuff they do make fresh omletes while you wait. The staff is very friendly though it would be helpful if more of them spoke English. I realize that we were in another country but you would figure the staff would be able to speak more then just Spanish. They seemed to speek better Spanish, French, German and other European languages then English. They do try to keep things going with plenty of activites during the day Volleyball, Water Polo, Areobics in and out of the water and other things.  The Shows are not that impressive not really worth going to see you are better off just sitting at the outdoor bar and relaxing having drinks. The rooms as have been stated in other reviews are outdated but if you don't spend your day in them how cares. They beds and pillows leave a lot to be desired not comfortable at all made for some rough sleeping not what you want on a vacation. On one day the hot water did not work for a few hours and then the cold water did not work for a few hours which made it interesting since you need cold water to flush a toilet. A good part of the room is there is a hard alcohol dispenser in the room with Gin, Rum, Vodka and Brandy the AC work fine for us kept the room nice and cozy. Be carefull of what you eat we both ended up getting sick from something for a better part of a day.  
<Date>May 13, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Rubyjuly
<Content>Great vacation for the price First the bad part - this hotel was soooooo crowded that if you did not get to the beach or pool by 10 am (early, if you are on vacation), you would not be able to find a seat. Also, the outdoor dining area filled up very fast. I don't know for sure, but I would guess that the crowded conditions were due to the fact that the Riu Naioba, a short walk down the road, had no beach, so all of thoses guests came to the Riu Taino. The Riu complex is all=inclusive, so you could go anywhere, and they all came to our hotel.Other than that, everything else was great. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The rooms were a nice size and very clean. The grounds were very plush and tropical and well maintained. The food was good (I am not fussy). LUnch was pretty much the same every day, but they had theme nights for dinner and each night was different. The beach was absolutely gorgeous. The pool was beautiful. You had to ask for rum in your cocktails, but it was freely poured. They had wine on tap but it was not good. And no really frozen cocktails. We left the maid a small tip each day (bigger one at the end) and we always had plenty of towels.If it were not for the crowded condition, I would definitely go back there.  
<Date>May 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mrowe702003
<Content>This is the place to relax... My girlfriend and I got back on the 24th of April from a wonderful week in Punta Cana. I have traveled to most of the islands and it is true this is one of the most amazing beaches anywhere. As far as the resirt goes it was great. The rooms were a little dated, but who cares as you are really never there. The employees are so vey friendly, always smiling, singing and willing to help. The food was good...made to order eggs, french toast, cereal, blended fruit drinks--everything you would find in the US. Lunch was lunch and often repeated--Hamburgers, hot dogs, salads, fish , french fries--again typical US. Dinner was great...something different every night...while still keeping the same basics. There were theme dinners, salads, fresh carved pork, turkey, chicken---nothing bad at all. Do not worry about the quality of the food. I ate everything salads, meats, ice and did not get the slightest stomach ache. If people think the food was repeatative it is because they ate the same thing everynight. The idea is not to eat pork, chicken, beef and all the options everynight or yes it would become redundant. Do what you do at home and it will be different everynight. As far as the entertainment--This is a place to relax. It is not cancun. My girlfriend and I are 28/35. We had a blast. For those that did not find things to do it is b/c they may have given up. There are shows every night--granted 3rd rate, but entertaining none the less. The outside bar always has people at it. The nightclub opens at midnight and goes till 4:00AM. It was PACKED everytime we went as was the casino later at night. This is a European owned resort and they live the European life style--LATE NIGHT ENTERTAINMENT. Now, this is not a 5 star resort. However, you are not paying to stay at the Palace either. For the money ($1,000 7 nights, including air) you will not find a better deal. Hell, a nice beachfront house in NJ costs $2,500 a week! I hope that this is helpful.  
<Date>May 5, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Griffin2
<Content>Very Relaxing Week My husband and I just spent a week at the Riu Taino (April 23- April 30). If you are looking for a place to party and with a lot of night life, this is not the place for you, however if you are looking for a peaceful, relaxing, and slow moving vacation this is the place. Upon arrival we were quickly checked in and escorted to our room. The bungalows are very quaint and even though they are a bit outdated, they are clean. The service staff works very hard to accommodate their guests. We had a few requests for extra pillows, Pepsi, and an electrical adapter and had no problem getting them. If you want extra drinks in the room make your request before the service crews leave, otherwise you'll have to wait until the next day.The beach is absolutely gorgeous, a little piece of paradise, but if you want a chaise by a palm tree for a little shade, you have to get up early (7:00) to reserve your spot. The food was good if you're not a fussy eater or have any dietary restrictions. We always found something to fill us. There were three theme nights and the food was delicious. Breakfast was the best meal of the day. The staff is very friendly and speak many languages...you should be able to find someone to help you in your own language. The weather was beautiful. We enjoyed our week in the Dominican.  
<Date>May 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>gknepp
<Content>Disapointed with Riu As a four time visitor to the Dominican Republic, but a first time visitor to the Riu, I was not impressed. The beach is excellent, but beyond that it appears that you have paid for the Riu name and not quality or service. The rooms were acceptable but new larger beds could be purchased. Maid service was excellent, but mini-fridge service was below par (I had to fetch my own milk gallon jug of water from the bar area). The food was really disapointing and you would be surprised how many dishes a hot dog can find its way into. And if you did not care for hot dogs, you could also count on the other popular staple of rice and beans. Also, please note that when the Riu states that they do not accept Spring Breakers that statement only applies to US or Canadian Spring Breakers and does not pertain to the group of 400 European Spring Breakers that we encountered on our trip. Luckily they were leaving the next day and of course as they took over the resort area they did provide us with our nightly entertainment. Which brings me to entertainment. When you have visitied DR more than once you understand that the audience participation portions of a show will always be included, but with the Riu it was basically the entertainment. Nor do I want to constantly hear a live advertisement because I did not find myself actually wanting to jump on the I want to go to Riu bandwagon. There were a few optional bits and pieces thrown in, but nothing that would make you look forward to the night's scheduled entertainment. And the party on Carribean Street, just a ploy to get you to shop Carribean Street. Service was also an issue. I do not expect continual above excellence, but when I request a cup of coffee with milk in Spanish it would have been nice that the server understood my request as well as brought the beverage. I also witnessed a repeat visitor (8 times) ask the restaurant manger for coffee since the server was not available, he also did not get his coffee that evening. Needless to say, I went home with a bunch of ones still in my pocket. As I mentioned, the beach was excellent and that was this resorts only saving grace. I had read the reviews and spoke with a two timer before choosing the Riu and thought I had made a good choice, but we have crossed this resort off of our repeat visit list.  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a very relaxing holiday Four of us recently went to the Riu Taino and had a lovely time. The food was good, the facilities clean and the staff was incredible. It is a very international clientele, and many of the staff and the manager spoke several different languages well. If you couldn't find someone to understand you or to take care of your request, you weren't trying very hard!The food was good - there was a huge variety of salads, cold meats, fruit - every day. The omlettes in the morning, the salads and burgers and cheeses at lunch and the different main courses every evening were great. Lots to choose from. While not gourmet, was certainly presented well and enjoyable. The staff was the best part! All very friendly and seemed happy doing their jobs. Most had a great sense of humour and went out of their way to greet you. The manager was a delight. Rained for 2 days which was disappointing but not holiday spoiling. Entertainment was a bit cheesy but enjoyable. Don't know about the kids programs or late night entertainment - Im an early riser. The beach was incredible. I agree that perhaps some new pillows would be in order but the front desk was happy to provide us with more, when we asked. I'd go back in a heart beat!  
<Date>Apr 29, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not a five star First off, I want to say I enjoyed a week in paradise, regardless of the hotel I stayed at.Upon arival in D.R. we were greeted with smiles and Hola from everyone there. What a change from home, where often you can bearly get a grunt out of people. When we arrived at the Riu Taino, we were greeted by a very friendly ROSIE who spoke very good Eng.( and probably one of the only ones to speak Eng.) We were briefed on the schedules at Riu....yes schedules. I thought I left my appointment book at home, but I guess I should have brought it. Since our arrival was around 7pm we were informed that our supper reservations would be the late sitting each night(btwn 8:30-10:00), and if we wanted to change to the earlier sitting we would have to speak to the matrede in the morning, to SEE if he could accomodate us. . Breakfast was very good, staff were always happy and singing, that was nice to see. Our rooms were very clean, but nothing fancy. The fridge in the room was supposed to be restocked every 2 days, but that didn't happen. It was empty for most of the week. One evening we called the front desk to ask for some pop, and we were told we had to go to the desk and ask for a particular person. When I'm in my p.j.'s I don't want to start traipsing around the resort.I'm not sure what other resorts do, since this was my 1st vacation in thr tropics, but here you had to have a card that was assigned to you you upon arrival to get a towel for the beach/pool. (exchange your card for a towel, return towel receive card back)If you lost your card, or towel it was a $20. charge. You also needed a different card to be able to access any of the other resorts, or to do any activities, and thy would only give 1 card per room, therefore you would be constantly chasing each other down for 1 card or another...dumb ideaAlso there was no waiter/waitresses at the bars or by the pool, or on the beach. You had to always get your own drinks. They would not give you a tray either, if you wanted to get drinks for your group. If you had 10 drinks, you had to figure out how to get them back to your group. Too many kids, you couldn't even sit at the swim up bar for a drink without worrying about getting bopped in the head with a ball, if you could get a seat at the bar since the kids were sitting on half of them. Men had to wear pants to supper, NO EXCEPTIONS! Check oout day.. be sure you have an early flight out, because you won't have anywhere to stay or shower, or relax if it is a later flight. OUT of your room by noon, regardless of flight times, we had 3 rooms, we thought we could at least get a late checkout for 1 room, not on your life! I WILL go back to D.R. again, but never to a RIU!  
<Date>Apr 27, 2006
<Rating>2	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not so great Just got back from Punta Cana, Riu Taino. The food was terrible. You had two restaraunts to pick from and menu was the same. Went to the steak house and steak was like rubber. Buffet was the same stuff every night. Everything was fried. If your on a low fat diet forget about this place. It is a heart attack waiting to happen. The resort was pretty and rooms were o.k. No one really spoke english. Most employees were nice but some didn't understand a word you were saying. They have theRiu Palace their but if you stay at any other Riu you are not permitted to eat there. But I heard their food was the same as the others with one extra restaurant. My adivice look for a better hotel in Punta Cana.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not For Younger Crowds We stayed at Riu Taino from April 14-21 2006. The weather was amazing!! We went with 6 people ages 24-35. The staff was very nice and always presented a smile and Ola with each passing by. The food was diverse however by day 4 a bit repeatitive. A HUGE downfall to the restaurant is assigned eating times. One group eats from 630-800 and the next at 830-10 ( approx.) This was very frustrating. I want to eat when I am hungary, not on a schedule. It was very unreasonable to wait until 830 at night to eat. I run on appointments and schedules at home.. when I am on vacation and pay good money it should be about the guest. The steakhouse they advertise runs on reservations only aswell. Much to classy and rule orientated. Our reservation was for 9pm, we arrived at 830 and they wouldn't let us in until right at 9. Not even to sit and have a drink at our table. Not to mention the sexist rules against the guys at the hotel. It the restaurant women could go in to eat dinner in their bikini or butt revealing shorts if they wanted to, but men had to be in pants, ( it would have been nice to be told this prior for packing reasons.... the guys only took 1 pair of pants and they needed them for 7 nights!) One of them tried to get in with shorts and was denied his dinner until he changed. The night life wasn't the greatest for people out for a good time. Most nights were quiet by 1130 or so and for people our age there wasn't much going on later into the evening. No beach service at all....... I have been to many resorts in variuos places and ALL had waiters who took drinks to the pool and beach areas. Here you were on your own, going up to the bar yourself everytime. The rooms were nice and always clean ( I agree they need updating) but for the amount of time you are actually in your room it didn't really matter much. The pool area was beautiful. On our departure date our flight was delayed 6 hours ( supposed to leave at 430 ... not the hotels fault I know however; we had already checked out at noon and once we found out about the delay the hotel would not give us even 1 room to stay in for the day. They said they were at 110% capacity... Is that OUR fault? We sat in the lobby for 6 hours on the couches with our luggage. Overall, very clean and friendly ( with exception to the front desk) but not a 5-star. Also... a word to the wise ... if you are 19-30 and looking to have a party week with friends this is NOT the place for you. We Have stayed at 3.5-star resorts before that blow Taino out of the water. We will return to Taino...... when we are 65 and cashing in on our pensions.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a great time My wife and I spent a week at Riu Tiano and enjoyed it very much. We are from Vancouver, Canada and we found there were a lot of Europeans staying there and that was fine, we met some interesting people and over all it was a good expierience. I found the staff friendlier then on the on our Mayan Riviera stay and many spoke German, so it's a language I also speak, so we had no problem comunicating. Our room was a little dated but clean, we liked the little extra's we got, ie: the towels with the flowers, one day the gardners put a palm archway with floweres in it around our entrance, another day we found a coconut drink in our fridge, compliments of the bar. The food was good and we found the staff were friendly and eager to please. The nightly entertainment was a little lame and could use some improvement, but over all, we enjoyed our stay and will come back again.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This is not a five star We recently stayed at the Riu Taino and it is definitely not a five star hotel - not even close. Overall our trip was pleasant - beautiful beach, great staff, moderately decent food but we definitely did not feel that we received good value.Good points:- close to airport- beautiful and well kept beach- all aspects of the facility are within a quick walking distance- excellent staffChallenges:- the beds are like sleeping on concrete and the bedding is poor at best- the food is moderate and quite boring - they serve the same thing again and again...- their advertising is misleading - there was no child care center on site and no restaurants on site - only 2 buffets - although the buffet indicates otherwise- don't even think about sleeping before midnight as the pounding of the disco is everywhereOverall, our trip was pleasant but they should be clear on their advertising as we felt mislead and they should drop the rating to a 3 star.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2006
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The best time in RIU Taino We stayed at RIU Taino from February 23 - March 2nd. What a great time we had. The weather was beautiful. The workers worked very hard to make our vacation very relaxing with no worrys. I have never been on such a relaxed vacation. I would definitely go again. The rooms were very clean and YES we had electric and running water. We had the opportunity to meet many people from all around the world. RIU Tiano was centrally located between shops and the beach along with other hotels that were included. I must say we didn't wonder to often to other RIU that were included in our package - we were happy just to stay within our hotel. Once again if you get a chance to travel - make RUI Taino the place to go.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We'll be back! We went on a fabulous trip to the Riu Taino. From the moment we checked in to the moment we checked out it was a wonderful vacation and one I hope to do again. To break it down:Room: Yes the beds were a bit hard and the rooms could use a little updating, but really we spent about 9 hours in our room per day...8 sleeping and 1 taking showers and getting ready. Who goes to paradise to sit in a hotel room? We were so tired at night that we fell right asleep. Food: The food was good, there was always something we could find that we liked. I didn't plan on going there and eating like I do in the states. The breads, cheeses, pizza, fruit and vegetables were always good. The breakfast was great; I had an omelette each day. The best part.... no one in our party was ever sick! We each drank lots of water in the morning, alcoholic beverages in the afternoon and evening and we were fine.Beach/Pool: The beach is absolutely beautiful. When you see a picture of paradise, I believe they take the picture in Punta Cana. The sand is white and soft and the ocean is turquoise blue. We didn鈥檛 see any high rises so the tallest things along the beach are palm trees.The pools were all beautiful. We stayed at the Taino but also visited the Naiboa pool one day. It was quieter at the Naiboa pool but both were wonderful. You do have to hunt a bit for a chair at the Taino because there are many people who put their towels on their chairs and then don't sit there much. We didn't really have much of a problem hauling chairs around so they would be next to each other.Employees: The people of the Dominican Republic are very kind and friendly people. When I read reviews of people complaining about them not speaking English I find it so frustrating as we are in their country. Is each employee suppose to know 4+ languages? Believe it or not鈥ome do. The guests at the Riu were from all around the world, and we heard many languages being spoken, which was part of the interest of the whole trip. I speak English, know a little French and an even smaller amount of Spanish but did not find it to be a hinderance. Give Spanish a try and know the basics and it will be of great help. Advice:-Go to the Dominican and the Riu with an open mind, you will have a wonderful time.-I would give our housekeeper a couple dollars a day and a $1.00 gift from Target. We also tipped the bartenders, the waiters/waitresses, etc...however no one ever seemed to expect it or ask for it.-Bring an insulated mug ie..Bubba Keg. We were told by a very nice guest from Canada that she brings a few each trip and gives them as gifts to the hotel employees.-Souvenir buying-go down to beach shops and pay about 30% of what they originally tell you the price is. The shops on Caribbean street have set prices, so you will pay more but if you don鈥檛 like bartering this might be more for you.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>MALMN
<Content>Great Time at the Riu Taino We stayed at the Riu Taino from 2/20/06-2/27/06 and I must say I was pleasantly surprised by what a great experience we had. We went to Punta Cana after much research, but we were still nervous about the hotel and not knowing what to expect, but it was just great. When we checked in, the front desk clerks were very friendly. Ernesto is an absolute doll and would say hello to us throughout our entire stay, always remembering our names which was so nice. The rooms were a bit dated, but very clean. The maid service was always great and the bungalow style of the rooms is a refreshing change from the typical highrise hotel. The beach is absolutely spectacular. Probably the most beautiful beach I've ever seen. The sand was soft and not rocky at all. The water was so blue and also was not rocky at all. Simply wonderful. The pools at the hotel were very nice and the pool bar always proved to be entertaining. It is quite difficult to get a chair by the pool though. People would get up at the crack of dawn and lay their belongings on a chair in order to save it for later. This could be annoying, but we could always find a chair at the beach, and after searching hard, we could usually find one at the pool. Because of the fact that the Naiboa is not on the beach, people from this resort would come over to the Taino's pool and beach. The option to travel to the other Riu's was an added bonus. We really enjoyed the bar at the Bambu, bartender Ray was simply the best! He was constantly bringing us drinks and such a cutie. There is a nice brick path connecting all the Riu hotels which runs along the beach, so you can simply hop on the path and go from hotel to hotel, which makes it so easy. Even at night, this path was very well lit and we felt totally safe. And finally, the food. People complain about food so much and my personal opinion is: get over it! It's an all inclusive at a reasonable price, the food is not going to be what you would get at a 5 star restaurant. Overall, the food was what you would expect, kind of bland, but there was always something you could find that was good. It was a bit repetative, but compared to other all inclusives I have stayed at, it was much better. There was always a large selection and everything was usually very fresh. I would stick with the buffets though, we went to the sit down restaurant and it was horrible. And unfortunately all the Riu hotels in the complex tend to have the same menu and choices, so even though you can eat at all of them, they're more or less the same. I also agree with other reviews though, bring a big insulated mug, it will help keep the beer cold! This is getting to be a long review so I will just add one more thing. The Animacion team at the Riu was EXCELLENT. This is the activity team and seriously from 9 in the morning until midnight, these employees were doing their best to entertain the guests of the resort. From water polo to dance lessons to bingo to variety shows, they were working constantly and were the nicest people, not to mention very intelligent as most of them know FOUR languages in order to communicate with all the guests. Just amazing. Winston was our favorite and we thank you for a great time! This is a great resort and I will definitely return. I've actually been missing the Riu already! Please tip the employees, even though it states your price includes gratuity. Remember this is a very poor country and the employees work so very hard, it won't hurt anyone to tip them a few dollars throughout their stay. If you have enough money to go on a great caribbean vacation, you have enough money to tip. Go visit the Riu and have a WONDERFUL time! I'm more then happy to answer any questions you may have.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not very friendly we have just returned from the taino and our trip was o.k ., weather was fabulous, beach is terrific, rooms are very nice, maid service is very good, food was ok we were there for one week and food was starting to get very bland, i had a bit of an argument the first night we were there with the dining room manager about time of us eating he insisted we eat at 8:30 which we did not want to do, finally we did manage to get a 6:30 sitting but for rest of week he did not say one word to me or my wife, bar staff was also very slow and sometimes would just walk right by you, we were not very happy with service or food, air conditioning was broke second day we were there and didnt get fixed till day we left, and hot water was hit and miss, some days you had it some days you didnt. just not a friendly atmosphere.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not a Five Star Where do I begin....when we arrived there was no electricity or running water. We went to use the washrooms and the toilets were all dirty because they couldn't be flushed and there was no running water to wash our hands. It was lunch time, so we took our children into the buffet area to eat. It was dark, but we managed to find something to eat. Not impressed by choices. When we finally were able to go to our room, we only had a single bed and a double bed. They brought us one more single bed and crowded it into our small room. The beds only had a flat sheet on the matress and one to go over top of us. No fitted sheets. Therefore everything shifted as we slept. There we no blankets or bedspreads. We had to call for blankets. The blankets brought to us looked dirty and very used. We only had 3 pillows and had to call for more. The pillows were very thin and one of our pillows had hair all over it. Our first night sleeping. My young daughter was sick. Vomitting and diarrhea. Could this be because the food at lunch wasn't cooked properly? No electricity. There wasn't much for kids to do. The kids disco in the evening was only 15 minutes long. People seemed to have left their manners at home during meal times. The buffets lines were long and people were constantly butting in and very pushy. It was very frustrating. My husband did not bring long pants. He was not allowed to dine in the buffet area. I can understand wearing pants to the restaurants. But, when you go on vacation to a hot location who wants to wear long pants every night. There were men wearing torn jeans. My husbands dress shorts were alot nicer looking. On the good side. The staff were friendly. Our room was always cleaned well when we returned. The beach was beautiful. Although, it was very difficult to find a chair at the beach or by the pool. You had to get up before the sun to reserve your chair. Can't say we will be visiting a Riu resort anytime in the near future.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2006
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Happy Prior to leaving for our trip, we read several negative reviews about this hotel, the staff and the food. I dont know where these people stayed or what accomodations they are used to, but this resort was wonderful! Although it was not the most luxurious place I've ever stayed, it was really nice. The hotel staff were great and pleased to assist you (unlike a previous guest noted), the food was above average with something there to suit all tastes and dietary needs. The beach is absolutely beautiful, the grounds and beach are clean and the bathrooms are kept up CONSTANTLY. The room accomdations were adequate, a little musty, but we didn't spend a lot of time in there anyway. I loved the mini bar equipped with mixers in each room!!!I would definitely stay here again and would reccomend this to anyone if your looking for a fun trip at a great price! Please dont pass this resort up based on some negative reviews, those people were obviously half the problem!  
<Date>Feb 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the beach, would pass on the food We stayed at the Riu Taino from Feb 6- Feb 13 this month. We flew out of Minneapolis on Ryan International Airlines. Great flight, have some cash handy- they sold breakfast sandwiches or burritos for $5 each. Liquor will cost you extra also, but we just packed a few personal size shooters of rum and vodka and added them into our pop. We traveled with TransGlobal Vacations and the rep kindly directed us to our bus when we got off the plane. However, someone hadn't done their homework and we waited on the bus for 45 min for the last couple, who the other people on the bus finally told the tour guide hadn't even come with their group because of a family funeral and they were still in Minneapolis!!! That was slightly annoying, but finally, we were on the road.... went to check-in, and, apparently, our travel agent hadn't sent our confirmation voucher with us, just some E-travel documents which were not acceptable to the lady behind the counter. After some arguing, we finally got our key and nobody bothered us about the voucher during our stay, so they must have confirmed it some other way.... The beach was definitely the highlight of this trip- absolutely gorgeous, WIDE beaches with soft, powdery white sand. The water was clear blue, and you can walk along the beach for miles and miles if you choose to. Very pretty. The sound of the waves is about all you can hear on the beach, and it was very relaxing. The room was definitely acceptable. We stayed in Unit 292, in the second row of bungalows on the first level. We could see and hear the ocean from our room and it was wonderful!!!! We loved the privacy of the bungalows and were glad to have gotten a room so close to the beach. The room was always kept very clean by the maids. If you leave a few dollars, she will leave you one of the pretty towel/flower decorations. If no tip left, no towel/flower arrangements. They will stock your refrigerator with 3 beers, never any more unless you leave a special request (and probably a few bucks.) We weren't in our room much beyond sleeping and showering again in the evening before supper, so between the pop in the refrigerator, the liquor dispenser, and the 3 beers, we always had an evening drink to tide us over until we headed out again. Other thoughts: the food was not great, in our opinion. Neither my husband or I are picky eaters by any means, but we were both disappointed by the food. We never went hungry, but the flavor of the food was just not in agreement with our tastebuds, even being open-minded. I would recommend asking for a table outside. Our waiter was nice, but he was getting drunk while serving us during Friday night's supper and forgot to get our water and drinks for half an hour! We were hoping to have more opportunities to eat seafood, and after a week of hit-or-miss seafood options, we splurged on our last night and went to Captain Cooks. $55 per person, but they pick you up on a bus, take you to the oceanside restaurant- very romantic! and you are given all the alcohol you'd like (we had white wine and Presidente beer) and an AMAZING, DELICIOUS meal with salad, appetizer, and a HUGE platter of seafood- it was incredible!!! Finally satisfied our seafood cravings and would make this trip to Captain Cook's again in a heartbeat. They do not take credit cards, however, so pack an extra $110 in cash if you want to check it out. Some suggestions: 1. Take a few washcloths or a bath loofah as there will not be any washcloths supplied in your room. 2. Find a few wrist key-chains at the dollar store (as other reviews mentioned). It's an easy way to keep track of your room and safe keys. You can get a second room key for a ten dollar deposit, save your receipt, though, or you'll have trouble getting the ten bucks back when you check out. 3. Take a few insulated mugs to save on trips back up to the bar. We also filled ours up before taking off on a few strolls down the beach, and our 32 ounce mugs got us there and back with outh getting thirsty.4. If you like seafood, there will be a poolside gumbo grill-out one day during the week- delicious! But they don't have much out there for food, so make sure you get there early!5. One thing we were disappointed about was how several of the bartenders seemed to expect tips. We luckily had packed some extra cash after reading other reviews on TripAdvisor, but it gets to be really annoying to tip so often when you've already payed for all-inclusive. 6. Check out the outdoor hot tub at the Riu Palace Macao after the sun has gone down over the palm trees, but you're not quite ready to go back to your room. It's supposed to be just for palace people, but it's not guarded and was completely deserted when we went there. It was hidden back in the foliage, and SO RELAXING, we felt like we disappeared for an hour!!7. Check out the Riu Bambu- neat bars and a nice lunch area, too. Great pool.All in all, a nice vacation. We would return to Punta Cana again someday, but not to the Riu because of the food and because we want to check out some other resorts. Our friends had been at the Iberostar and said it was excellent. AVOID LTI- looks very scary!!!!! We paid $2,800 for two people, all taxes, fees included.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Visit We just returned from a 7 night stay at Riu Taino and loved our experience. We have been to another resort in Punta Cana twice which was rated a six gold apple and this resort far exceeded our prior experience(s). We loved the cabana style rooms and the immense privacy offered by them as compared with the hotel style of the other resort. The food was not great, but then we didn't have great expectations given our prior dining experiences in Punta Cana. That's not to say the food was horrible - you could always find something that you liked that was pretty good. The beach was absolutely gorgeous and we spent endless hours relaxing there. The entertainment was everywhere at all times, so there was always something to do if you wanted to be very active. The ability to go throughout the Riu complex to other resorts was very nice and we took advantage of the opportunity. The casino was great and we saw plenty of winners, both at Roulette and the slots. We found most people to be quite friendly, although most Europeans did not make extensive efforts to mingle or talk with us (unless we initiated the effort). The people who worked there were phenomenally hard workers with wonderful attitudes. The American flight attendants on the flight down had horrible attitudes! We definitely will return some day to Riu Taino.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful time ! We just came back from getting married at the Riu Taino on Feb 6/06 with 11 guests!we had a wonderful time! The resort is very clean, and the staff very friendly! We had no promblems at all! I would return to this resort anytime! Our wedding planner, Magnolia was Great! She is so nice, and had everything ready for us the day of the wedding. Our photographer, Micheal and Luis were also Great! Our pictures are awesome, they did a super job!I would recommend this resort, and can't wait to go back next year.These people down there are trying their best to accomidate all tourists, and I think are doing a fine job !! I also recommend the Monster safari truck, that brings you to visit the farms and schools.It was great!  
<Date>Feb 14, 2006
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sweetiehead
<Content>It was worth it... We booked the Riu Taino for our January vacation back in November and because of the reviews we felt pretty confident that we would like it....and we did.The rooms were decent (nothing fancy by any means). The pool was decent, and the beach was beautiful. The food was great (with the exeption of the Steakhouse's uncooked meats...hopefully a bad night for them) and the drinks were good too, even though they didn't have Presidente Beer (which hubby was looking forward to).The staff was very accomodating and they did their best to make us happy. We got to know a few of the staff members fairly well by the end of our trip, and it was sad to say goodbye.As with any hotel or resort, there may be problems but since we were on vacation we tried not to let the little things bother us. Yes, we had to go back several times one day to check if the beach towels were available, but it wasn't going to ruin our day.We tried our luck at the Casino, which was actually kind of fun (we didn't win anything however, it was fun anyway).The nice thing about the Riu properties is that you can move around and try the other resorts...it's nice to have a change of scenery. The beach at the Bambu was (in my opinion) nicer than the Taino, and their pool bar was larger. The Naiboa was nice to visit too.Overall, I would go back to Taino if I got the same deal. But I think I might try the Riu Bambu next.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Our Favourite resort My husband and I just returned from our second trip to the RIU Taino, and I wanted to post another review of this resort. There have been some negative reviews of the Taino recently, and I am completely baffled as to where Leslie stayed - we didn't find any of the problems she encountered. My only response is - thanks for your comments, please feel free to STAY AWAY from our favourite resort. Okay, enough editorializing - on to the fun part - OUR TRIP! This is our second stay at the Taino, we were there for two weeks in 2004 as well. We flew USA 3000 from Detroit, flight was uneventful, food was as awful as expected. We arrived at the airport in PC, there was MUCH confusion on the plane regarding the new tourist forms, flight attendants have not been trained in the completion of the forms. But, as best we could tell - NO ONE LOOKED AT THEM - we handed them in along with our $10.00 to some women at a booth who then handed us a plastic tourist card. We boarded the bus, and were on our way. Check-in was an absolute delight, we had all of our paperwork completed, keys and cold drink in hand within minutes and we were escorted to our room. We had a first floor room in building #34, just steps from the restaurants and the lobby (thank you VERY much to Janet at Sears Travel who e-mailed a request for us!). The weather was a bit odd this year - the first 3-4 days were beautiful - straight out of the brochure. Then we had 4-5 days of very high winds and surf - most days the red flag was out - some days the flags weren't even posted - I think they were afraid they would blow away. It was still quite warm, and although it rained several times - for very short periods of time - it quickly blew out and the sun returned. The last days of our stay were back to the beautiful calm weather.My only criticism - the rooms are looking a bit dated. They do need a little modernizing - brightening up, but were spotlessly clean every day (thank you Ruth!). If I may make a request - please, please I hope they soon put in queen size beds. We're a little industrial in size, so a 3/4 and a single just won't do the job. Besides, pushing the beds together never works - guess who's always falling through the crack! ;-) Oh well, we made do. Lots of storage space - and we were on the beach before 2 p.m. I would like to make a special point to mention the staff at the RIU - this is our fourth stay at a RIU property (twice in Puerto Plata), and without exception, the staff at the RIU are the highlight of our trip. I must thank the wonderful manager at the Taino- he actually remembered us from our trip two years ago. And also the great people at the La Bamba - especially Luis Miguel, Yolanda and Octavio - and also Elpidio at the bar in the theatre - who sent someone running for a bottle of Anisette for my after-dinner drink! Thanks so much to the lovely young man at the front desk who actually took off his I want to go to RIU pin and gave it to me when I asked where I could buy one - what a sweet thing to do! In the restaurants - Francesca, Wendy and Virginia took wonderful care of us - and they were always smiling despite unbelievably long days. And Juan, who made wonderful omelettes every morning, and was so tolerant of my very limited Spanish.The food was just excellent, there was always something interesting and fun being served - from Mexican night and the awesome fajitas - incredible guacamole, Dominican night - LOVE that Cafe Diablo; roast suckling pig, shrimp, paella - so many things to choose from - and very clean and fresh. We had the 6:30 dinner seating - 8:30 is just too late for us, and enjoyed the assigned table.The beach is so beautiful - we just never get tired of spending our days out there. We love the wonderful international crowd, we met people from many countries, and as always are embarassed at how much more English they have than we have of their languages. Somehow we manage to communicate - a smile goes a long way.We took some bread down to the shore every morning and fed the fish - that was great fun - they will actually come up and nibble on your finger tips (gently!). There is one VERY large fish that lurks in the shallows in front of the resort - he quite startled me the first time I saw him - he's easily 24 long - but fortunately very docile, and also loves bread! We also went snorkeling out near the swim barriers (which seem to have been moved inwards - we were able to swim over the reef last time - this year it wasn't accessible). We took a banana out with us (it doesn't dissolve in the water while you swim), and fed the larger fish out in the deeper water - that was also fun - they were quite bold and would swim close enough to touch. They are quite discriminating - they will eat the banana, but spit out any piece of peel. We bring 30 oz. insulated mugs, we're not big drinkers, but really hate warm beer - and a small scoop of ice in the mug topped up with draft beer will stay cold for hours. Neither of us had a moment of any kind of illness, nor did we hear of anyone sick at the resort. It was constantly being cleaned, which is not an easy task - the resort was very full.Finally, I would also like to thank Iria (I'm sorry if that is misspelled) - who was so kind as to offer to deliver the school supplies we brought to a school on her way to visit her boyfriend's family in Santo Domingo. We appreciate your help - and the generosity with your free time - thank you.One other disjointed comment about the room - the showers are MARVELLOUS! There was always an abundance of hot water, and the water pressure was very strong - enough to remove the last trace of sand, sunscreen and salt - and then some! Our trip was wonderful, and we would not hesitate to return to this beautiful, friendly resort - they say welcome home as you arrive, and it's the feeling we have the whole time - that we're at home, and very welcome.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kellyjelly
<Content>not a four star We stayed at the Riu Taino Jan 13 thru Jan 16. This was my first time visiting the Dominican and probably the last. I have stayed in several Riu hotels in Mexico and Jamaica and have always loved what the RIU offers, my mom even wears their staff shirt!We thought with a Riu it has to be nice, wrong. I hate when reviews drone on about the negatives so let me keep it simple. I'll start with the positives. The beach is amazing, just beautiful. The water was chilly, but I expected that for this time of year. There was always plenty of beach chairs so you could always find somewhere nice to sit. There is a flea market at the end of the beach, but if you're not a haggler don't go. I would rather pay the extra dollar and shop in peace at Carribean Street. They have basically the same merchandise. If you think you'll be warm in the pool, guess again. The pool was to cold to swim in, I only got in once, after several daquiris.The drinks were always tasty but the bartenders could care less how long it takes to serve you. They also speak very little English and do not make an attempt to let you understand them. no salt for your margherita is not in the Spanish language. My biggest problem with this resort is how indifferent the staff is about pleasing you. I'm not pampered by any means but they are very rude. The cashier in the hotel gift shop was upset with me because after asking her to sit items to purchase off to the side, she rang them up anyway. I told her i would come back in an hour with the money she rolled her eyes and gave me dirty look. She told my friend to tell what size t-shirt she was looking for so she would quit unfolding them!Upon check-in we were told the room would not be ready for an hour. We ate and cameback. We were taken to our room but the maid was still cleaning...we watched her clean for 20 more minutes! The room was very small with one double bed and two twin size beds! Do you go on vacation to sleep in a twin bed? The room was mustier than the usual smell, but fortunately I had brought an air freshener. The fridge in our room kept things luke warm with no temperature dial. It was on the second day we realized you had to wedge it up against the wall to keep it shut!Europeans seem to out number the Americans here. I'm not sure why but they seem to be the rudest here than I have ever experienced. They cut in front of you in line and bump into you as if you weren't even there. We found a wallet one day and tracked the people down ourselves. We weren't sure the hotel staff would bother returning it. They rewarded us with two Italian bottles of champagne! They were probably the nicest people we met whole time.These problems were only a fraction of the things that went on. I think this could be a great resort with a little time and effort, but it definitely needs improvement both physically and with the attitudes of customer satisfaction. I hope this has been helpful. I wish we had shopped for a better place. Maybe you would be better off at the Palace.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2006
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a wonderful HoneyMoon! We had such a great time, it was a wonderful place and definatly something that we would go back to.Here's some of the high and low lights:1. Pools- Very clean, the pools was sweeped in the mornings, the pool bar was busy, but never full so you were always served quickly, Hector will treat you like royalty. Lots of pool games to keep you occupied or just to watch and enjoy. The towels were at a premium, so you may wanna bring your own. 2. Rooms, older, but very clean and spacious. Maids were in daily, and were very thourough. A little tip went a long way. I found the beds comfortable for a hotel, (you can't be expecting the taj mahal that you own at home). Our room was almost the farthest from the actions as you could get and it wasn't more the a minute to the action, so I don't really know why there are so many complaints on the long disatance.3. Entertainment: The best part of this resort, the animation team is wonderful, they get to know your name, who your family is and are always 'on'. There was a large variety of shows, and don't miss the caribbean street party, the best part of the week. One negative, the vendors are out in full force, so watch out if your not into that sort of thing. Most events were done in 4-5 languages so everyone knew what was going on. 4 Service: I thought it was good, some language issues, but they try really hard to get it right. Always pleasant, and smiles all day long.5: Food, between average and above average. Some meals were great, others you could do with out. Breakfast was always good plenty of choices, dinner was mostly enjoyable, lots of variety, but don't bother with the a la cartes, the're not worth the walk. Lunch was a little repeatitive, but if you bulk up on breakfast, it's not a problem.All in all I think that this was a trip of a life time. I will be going back and I think that you should give it a try too.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>punya
<Content>Riu Taino is wonderful We stayed at the Riu Taino from January 4 through the 11th. My husband and I agreed it was the best time we have had in some time. The beach is to die for. The sand and water are fantastic. The food was pretty good and we always found something we liked. The bartenders did a wonderful job. We tipped them on the first day and service was excellent.Our room was closely located to the lobby, restaurants and the beach. We were very pleased with the accomodations and maid service. WE really enjoyed the entertainment. Charlie is awesome speaking 4 languages fluently. He is very talented and can also sing and dance as well. The shows were really good. The Michael Jackson show was truly a thing to remember. HE was better than the real Michael Jackson!All in all, it was a great vacation. We met several nice couples from around the globe. We will definitely return to the Riu Taino.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Nico1993
<Content>Great Beach, Average Hotel.       The Pool  
<Date>Jan 6, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Not a 5 star....no way We paid a small fortune for the most sought after week of the year but were hoping to at least get what we paid for! No way; the staff were mediocre at best, very disinterested, with the exception of 2 females at the reception desk. Pillows were like bricks, beds were like boards, and the rooms stank of mildew. We stayed in a total of 4 different rooms ( we had booked 2 rooms) during our 4 nite stay and they all had that foul and dangerous odor of mildew, dirty socks and smoking.Beach was fine, grounds were lovely but the crowd was much older and by the 4th day, we were sick of seeing hot dogs and french fries as part of the meal offerings.Also, there is no trolley or transportation to the other Riu resorts, so that wasn't very well thought out. Water sports were already booked up for most of the days we were there and staff was very bored and condescending. Since the weather was great, we had a fine time, but we'll not be going back to this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely Gorgeous We were in Punta Cana from the 18th to the 26th of Dec. 05. We stayed at the Riu Taino. I took my 3 late teen boys. It was absolutely fantastic. I did not want to stay in a high rise so their villas were just wonderful. The staff were all wonderful although their knowledge of english , including front desk staff, was surprisingly poor. The food was great and there was always some variety in the daily buffets. Whatever you do-don't bother going to the steakhouse for dinner as is is a complete joke and a write-off. After waiting an hour and a half for our 1\4 inch blackened shoe-leather steak and golf-ball sized baked potato, with only stale bread and some lettuce they pass off as a salad during the wait-we walked out!.It was actually humourous and we still laugh about it today. The weather was superb, the beach was beautiful white sand and the swimming great too both in the pool and the ocean.-just glorious. The water in the restaurant is good and they give you drinking water in your villa. Other than the opulent Riu Palace, the Taino or the Bamboo are the nicest Riu's. Don't go for the cheaper one because I think you will be disapointed. I think it is called the Malea. All in all it was a fantastic place and I would highly recommend the Taino. I would return there in a second.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Riu - Service Not Great The location of our rooms were great and they were clean,however they are very outdated and in need of some improvements. The food on the dinner buffet was not great, however the Steakhouse and Mediteranian were delicious. The biggest disappointment for us was the service. We had difficulties getting anyone to help with our requests which we thought highly unusual for an all-inclusive resort. We had trouble getting bottled water and they only wanted to restock our refrigerator and mini bar every other day. Service definately was the worst we have ever had. I would not recommend the Riu Taino to anyone that I know.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>WenWen
<Content>Great staff Hotel is good but not a 5 star. Great staff, very friendly and helpful......i fell in love with everyone, but accomadation SUCKED!!!!! I truly believe they could do some major updating in their rooms, it just doesn't qualify for a 5 star. I will give it a 4 but i guess the staff specially at the restaurant buffet and the outside bar make up for it. Would I go back??.......maybe, if on sale!!!!!  
<Date>Dec 29, 2005
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I wanted it to be Excellent! ...but it was just, well, ordinary. Positives: Best beach I'd ever seen and a very clean resort. Room was clean and nice.Having the 5 resorts to visit was real plusSort of OK: the staff was mixed...some were very nice and others were barely able to stand the tourists. Pool was OK. Food was ordinary ar best. Steakhouse was a plus but food there was again nothing special.Negatives: Drinks..order a mixed drink and you have to specify with alchohol or you'd receive it virgin for sure. Entertainment was just plain bad.We so wanted it to be excellent. We went with an open mind. We'd been to other RIU's and were pleased. We were very much underwhelmed.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Taino is Fabulos! We stayed at the Riu Taino Nov 16 - Nov 23rd and it was wonderful. The Taino is centrally located among this large Riu property so all the other Riu's were easy to get to, which was a nice thing because this resort is secluded and we didn't rent a car. We received a warm welcome (and a drink) when we arrived at 4pm and were given a nice room too. The staff always had a smile and a hello whenever they saw you. The beach was beautiful and long and the water was wavy and warm. The crowd was a little older than I expected, but we found everyone was friendly. The food was great at Taino buffet, with a large variety of dishes to choose from. We were disappointed with dinner at the Steak House (and we are not that picky). If you want to see how the Dominican people really live, we highly recommend that you take the Safari excursion, where you can visit a family's house and farm, stop at a school (bring school supplies from home to give to the kids because the people are very poor and the government does not supply those items) and even stop at a ranch to enjoy a beachside lunch, horseback riding or swimming. We would recommend this hotel to our friends as a great place to get away from the hustle of city life and be treated like royalty. Thanks Taino!  
<Date>Dec 1, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Vacation Riu Taino was a great vacation. I agree with the last writer that people who look for everything to go wrong will find it but if you stay positive you will actually enjoy your vacation. The staff members are great and everyone at this place including the tourists were terrific. Pros-nice rooms, staff is great,beach is beautiful, food was excellent(lobster tails on friday), nice beach, easy check-in and out, good maid service, lots of activities. Cons-beds were poor-one double and single bed which were very uncomfortable. Entertainment i found was better at the riu's in puerto plata. Seems like the entertainment wasnt as good and some night there wasnt much going on if anything at the closest resorts.All in all it was a good trip with minor setbacks but i think anyone who gos here will be pleased.mh  
<Date>Nov 27, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>poptart1972
<Content>Great Place I was at the Riu Taino from Nov.10th-17th-05. What a great hotel. The food, the service, and the staff were just terrific. I reccomend this place to anybody. I don,t understand how anybody can write a bad review. These people need to get a life!!! Just remember how far tips get you. I would tip 5$ every meal. By day 2 they knew what I was drinking and what my kids were drinking. We didn,t even have to ask. The service was outstanding. Trust me you don,t have to tip either to get great service. The entertainment staff were so much fun. From the sports around the pool or the crazy games they knew how to entertain people. (Hi Carlos).The shows at night were really good. If you didn,t want to watch the show at the Taino you could just go to any of the other Riu hotels and watch the shows there. You are not going to believe how good Michael Jackson is.The rooms were clean and big. I had a room with 3 beds in it and it was perfect. I was there with my 2 kids so we all had our own bed. The only thing about the rooms is some of them can be really far away from the resort. Mine was not bad but I would of prefered something a little closer. They were all booked though. All in all I had a blast, and so did my kids. We met some great people and would stay at this hotel again. Pics coming soon.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>GringoAngela
<Content>Lousy! Dirty place        our room  
<Date>Oct 4, 2005
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A cruise ship that never leaves the beach and has free drinks! RIU TAINO IS WONDERFUL.Obnoxious Americans Beware - please stay away from this place if you are a demanding, hard to please American. PLEASE DON'T MESS THIS UP FOR THE REST OF US.Riu Taino is the nicest place FOR THE MONEY, I've ever stayed. It's like a cruise ship that stays on a beautiful beach all the time, has unlimited drinks, a monster swimming pool and a crew that are a non-stop party.As far as I can tell Riu Taino is predominantly Europian upper working class (Spain, France and Germany). THERE ARE VERY FEW ENGLISH SPEAKING PEOPLE. The staff speaks enough to get you by but if this frustrates you, then stay somewhere else.The Beach is gorgious, wide and long. It is about 70 percent topless and almost bottomless. (This does not bother me but the 400 pound German man in a Speedo was a little much.)No locals bother you. It is on the windward side so it is a little rougher than say the Bahamas.The pool is perfect. It's large and very close to the beach. A lot of other resorts have the pool back away from the beach. At Taino you step over the wall and you are there. At about 11AM pool game start and continue to about 5PM. They are a blast to watch but you have plenty of room to stay out of the action. No shortage of drinks at the swim up bar.The food and drinks are wonderful, constant and plentiful. We did not get sick. Only drinking water is used for food prep and ice. We ate salad everyday. Bottle water is always available. You may experience a little stomach upset if you have are weak stomached. We experienced a little discomfort but we attributed it to the change in the amount we ate and the change in cooking style and food type. We always carry medications in case when we travel out of the country. We did not need them at Riu.The staff at Riu Taino is well, remarkable at the least you can say. They are all eager to please and work very hard. I believe most of them work from sun up to 1AM and then do it all again, with a smile. The Animation Staff (the Entertainment group) are a total blast and everyone is magnetized to them.The rooms are spacious and modern with an inroom bar and refridge, well stocked. A/C works very well. Maid service is excellent.DR is a very poor country and the staff gets paid very little. Unlike most others, we were careful to tip everyone a little something. You can get 3000 pecos for $100. We normally tipped a 30 pecos bill to the bartender several times a day, which will get you a better brand and makes you a friend. The servers about 50 to 100 a night. The maid 150 a day, the in room bar guys about 50 a day. We even tipped the pool guys and the grounds keepers a little because our little tips would go a long ways with there families. Most live an hour away in Higuey and travel by bus. We like to see some of the little people behind the scenes get something and when you tip them you will be able to tell it does not happen very often. You can walk to any of the Riu Resorts and eat, do a show and use the facilities. There are street dances and shows and indoor shows everynight.Notes: Try to fly into Punta Cana Airport. Also, there is a hospital close by and a 24 hour / 7 day doctors office, on site, if you need help.Once again, you can spend more money and stay at a newer, larger resort with bigger shows. But for the money Riu Taino is not a 5 it's a 10.Mark Curtiss, Lexington SC USA  
<Date>Oct 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I love Riu Taino It`d take thousand of words to say how amazing is this hotel, but all I can say is that Riu Taino is the best hotel in Punta Cana. There are hotels bigger or newest than Taino (it was built in 1991) but the atmosphere there is incredible. It seems to be a big family, all the employers are really friendly,all, even the managers are amazing, Santiago, Franklin and Luna are the best.They are the hole day walking around the hotel,rooms,pool,beach.bars,restaurants, asking the clients if everything is ok (I never saw that in any hotel), if they need something to improve their holidays.Thank you so much, Riu Taino, I`ll come back there.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>EdikToronto
<Content>Overall it was a great vacation We had (my wife, our 4 y.o. daughter and myself) a great vacation overall, stayed at Riu Taino for 14 nights May 28-June 11, 2005. The weather was fine, with few rains in the night and one in the morning (till 11am).We have got a special all-inclusive Riu deal - kids stay for free including the free flight, paid only the taxes for the child. Be aware it's not 5 star hotel as it advertised. Most of the visitors (70%) from Europe (mostly Germany).The domestic peaple are very friendly. The food and entertaimentare great. Some disadvantages- No much shadow in the beach and pool, so you need to book by 8am. * Riu Naiboa/Melao/Taino hotels are using the same beach.- Air-Conditioning you feel in your room only, A/C exists in bars and restourants but it's not enough- The beach is not good for kids - deap almost right away.- the washroom's door in the room is not isolated, so it smells everywere right away :-) take a freshener with you.Overall it was a great vacation, we will be considering to come againif we get the same deal.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome beach Just got back from RIU TAINO Sunday morning. My cousin, Alicia, got married on May 4th - the set up was truly amazing. The weather was really nice but too humid some days. If you stay on the beach and/or near the pool you have no problem in cooling down. The rooms were very clean and so were the grounds. The bartenders were awesome especially Santana - WHAT'S UP BABY??? The Mederterrean a la carte restaurant wasn't anything to write home about but the Steak house was really good. The first night I arrived my legs and feet got bitten really bad (someone said it was probably sand fleas)...yuk! Itchy as hell but drank enough booze to forget about it...ha, ha. My cousin and her finance had perfect weather for their wedding; the photographer was fantastic - their pictures turned out really good. A handful of people got sick which wasn't too pleasant but overall a great time was had by all.Don't forget to keep US$20.00 for your return back to Canada!!!  
<Date>May 10, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>leci
<Content>Married in Paradise       Newlyweds Trevor and Alicia in the Water  
<Date>May 3, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Perfect vacation!       THE BEACH!!!  
<Date>Apr 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ta123
<Content>Riu Taino--good enough for the money       The shops down the beach, a short walk  
<Date>Apr 5, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>trippingsoon
<Content>Loved the Taino We just spent a wonderful week at the Riu Taino in Punta Cana. No one was sick the whole week. Met several families and didn't hear of anyone being sick. The staff is the friendliest people I have ever encountered in a service industry. The animation team made our vacation. Our kids were always involved in all the activities and loved it. Anyone with teenagers know they can be hard to please but our teenagers had an incredible time. We never saw any rain and the sun was bright each day. The beach is beautiful and the pool has a lot of activities that are fun. The swim up bar is a definate plus. We only ate at the buffets and was always able to find somthing that everyone liked. Some more than others. The food is being catered to Europeans so it is a bit different. Breakfast was very american and very good. The rooms were always clean and quiet. Never had a problem sleeping. We did have very small ants in our room sometimes but nothing too much of a bother. Our electrical appliances worked just fine. Didn't need an adapter. Would recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>itscoldhere
<Content>Loved the Riu Taino We just spent an incredible week at the Riu Taino. The hotel is very clean, food was good, service was excellent. The beach is incredible, beautiful white sand. I would return there, on the quality of the beach alone. The staff are all friendly, very accommodating even if they do not understand you. They will find someone else who CAN understand. The bus ride to the hotel was a bit scary, skinny roads, driver with a heavy foot and a busy horn (and in the dark). The internet room is open from i think 830 to 830, not really late enough, but never too busy to accommodate, there was about 8 stations to rent $5 for 20 minutes. A little expensive, but less than a phone call. We ate in the main dining room every nite, except for one nite we went to the steak house, food there was awesome. The weather also cooperated, we didnt see one drop of rain. Overall, we had an excellent relaxing vacation. Would certainly recommend it to all!  
<Date>Mar 26, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>zarababy
<Content>no more virus We have spent 2 weeks at the Riu Taino from Feb 24th to March 10th. Reading the reviews we were torn between the Palladium and this one and since we read there is snorkelling here my husband decided for the Taino. At the time of booking it was #5 and as the virus problem spread all over the news it went down so we were really worried. We almost changed our destination but then Sunqest said they are comfortable sending us there and that the virus situation is taken care of. It was true, we never got sick. Did get some weird swelling and skin rash on the feet and hands so we were joking that they might be actually putting some meds in the food but I know that sounds outrageous, it's just usually there is at least one episod of diarrhea every time we go on trips like this but not this time. And we ate everything from salads to fruit. But let's start with the room. It is allright but nothing nice, it does need renovation. We liked the fact that they were individual buildings, we don't like those huge hotels where you need elevators to your room. (The Naiboa was like that) Not the best thing to have a double and a single when you are a couple and the furniture is old wicker, ugly curtains, old bathroom. But everything functioned well and it did not stink. And we did not stay there much so this did not ruin anything for us although was definetely not 5 star. The minibar was filled about every 3rd to 4th day and we only ran out of water a couple of times so we called the reception and it was taken care of, just don't wait till the evening to do that or you will have to wait till the next day. The maid cleaned every day, service was pretty standard. The hotel was generally clean, public bathrooms were being cleaned constantly, I could not go to one without seeing someone cleaning. The reception and all the other buildings also look old, not such a pleasant athmosphere especially in the restaurant and theather, the Bambu is a whole lot nicer. We always ate outside and went to the Bambu for the night shows so therefore it did not bother us but really, it was not that pretty and again, not 5 star, or maybe it was one time but they need to renovate and bring this place more up to date. Again, it did not ruin our time but that is the honest truth. The pool area is not that big but nice and very close to the beach unlike at the Bambu which is bigger but more distant from the beach. The beauty of having a variety, we really enjoyed that. The pool wasn't that clean time to time but then a day or 2 later we noticed they had cleaned it. We did not hang out much there during the day so I can't report much about fighting for chairs but we noticed they were going fast in the morning. The beach was nice, loved all the Palmtrees, especially at the Bambu it was great, the Taino had less at the beach for shades and so did the Palace. The sand was nice and soft and you could walk forever but the water itself was not as nice as per say in Cuba just because it was windier here so it stirred up the sand. But Cuba lacked the Palmtrees and food wasn't that good there. Snorkelling was a disappointment, the coral is mainly dead here, you do see some fish etc but we thought it was going to be better after reading the reviews here. We rented a car and drove to Bayahibe to the caribbean side and the water there was beautiful along with snorkelling. If you take excursions to Catalina or Saona you will bee in the Caribbean. One thing that was really-really bad were the cocktails. Pina coladas and such:(((( Even if we asked them to blend it with ice it was not slushy since they only blended it for a bit so it was just liquid with ice cubes and the taste was not that good either. Bananamamas were tasty but again, not slushy. So we did not drink much and never used the isolated cups we always bring to AI places and this was quite a let down. We are not boozers but would have liked to enjoy frozen drinks like we did in Cuba and Mexico. Food: we ate breakfast and dinner at the main restaurant outside, we much preffered outside. Lunch always at the Bambu, for change of place and also it was slightly better. Someone mentioned the paellas at the Pizzeria by the scubashop so we checked it out and have to say it was more like spanish rice then paella. They served real paellas couple of times at the Bambu snack bar for lunch and when they had a beach BBQ lunch once a week there and it was awesome!!! The snackbar at the Taino did not have enough variety, Bambu had some more. Breakfast was pretty good, lots of variety, I liked the cinnamon covered croissants. It was the same every day though which is expected I guess. We loved the pizza, reminded me back home in Europe, I don't like the american pizzas at all, and here the veggies had actual taste and the dough was not sweet, anyway, loved it. True about desserts, they were awesome and lot of them, very very good so if you like desserts you will be satisfied. The menu was repetitive but this is expected at any AI resort, lots of variety though and we did not think it was blend, everything had a flavour. The mexican night was great, we really missed having chips and salsa with guacamole on a daily basis like in Mexico so we wished they would have had them as snacks during the day. We also missed more grilled food like shrimp, calamar and fish, they did have them but not grilled. The fruits however were awesome!!! We read earlier here someone suggesting not to eat them, that would be a huge mistake since they are delicious!!!! Sweet pineapples, mangos, papayas, passion fruit, grapefruit etc, all very good, maybe except for the watermelon. So all in all the food was good but not excellent, we did not look forward to meals like some other places we have been to. A'la cartes, well really nothing great but we did not care too much and only went once to each and never thought about them again.Service was pretty good everywhere at the resort and the staff was friendly. Nightshows are not that great and gets pretty repetitive since most of them are dance shows with some silly animation stuff, definetly not 5 star quality and not very professional and dancers need new outfits. We did go to the Bambu almost every night though since there is not much else to do and we prefered over there since it was outside. Caribbean street party was Ok but after the reviews here we thought it was going to be something real special. Taking the catamaran out was fun but it gets tricky sometimes when there is not much wind. My husband got his open water scuba certificate there and he enjoyed it although visibility was so much better down south at the caribbean side. Shopping was good just off the resort next to Iberostar, don't forget to bargain though. We did go to Bavaro to look around once and the vendors there are a lot more agressive so we sticked to this place, they had the same stuff. I would suggest not touching the dogs laying around, I saw one while getting sick, not a pretty site. Sunqest rep Julie was not very nice, we asked her about some info on Bayahibe and renting a car and she was not willing to answer questions, just kept repeating how they don't recommend it. I used to work as a tourguide for years so I know they rely on the comission they get from selling their trips but still she could have been more informative and polite especially since I told her I used to do the same before. At the end I just asked her if she is driving which seemed to get her face red all around. We did go to check out the Palladium, we walked at the beach (quite the distance but we were on a mission) and then jumped on the little train to see all the Palladium hotels. It is beautiful and I believe it would have been great there too, if not even better then at the Taino. Everything seemed new there and their beach was nice too. The grounds were more manicured, ours seemed more wild and natural which I think we preferred. Bavaro Princess looked great too, the beach at the LTI stinked, not nice. Bahia Principe next door to Bambu had some seaweeds and less Palmtrees, Iberostar on the other side seemed nice. The airport is the coolest I have ever seen, especially when we arrived we were impressed. Service ok, security not intimidating and at check-in they did not care much about weight either. So all in all it was a great vacation and I would go back to the Dominican sometime down the road. If it had to be the Riu we would still gladly go back but I feel we paid too much for what we got since it is not a 5 star hotel, more like 4 so it should be a bit cheaper. And no, I am not talking canadian standards, I did not expect that down there. It isn't really about the stars anyway, I just feel we did not get the value for our money. So look out for deals and have fun!!!!!  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pappajoe
<Content>Riu Taino...Really Awesome!!! I don't know where to start!! This resort was a paradise!! Everyone from the reception staff, dining, cleaning, and animacion staff were 10 star!! This resort in my opinion is 5+ star!!! The food was great, the rooms were kept very clean...the whole resort was maintained from top to bottom. We did not get sick nor did anyone from our group. We also did not see or hear of anyone getting sick. The resort is spotless!!! The beach....breathtaking!! clear blue ocean...fine white sand..WOW! The animacion staff # 1 (charly, winston, jimy, rigo, luky luky, rosa, kathy, la titi) were amazing..there energy made the days and evenings very fun! We will difinitely be back to this resort!!  
<Date>Mar 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Great Place! We stayed at the Riu Taino Feb 18-Mar 4 and it was wonderful! We were driven from the airport by bus promptly and recieved a welcome drink when we arrived to the hotel. Beaches were the best I have seen and there was always a place to sit. Food, drinks, and entertainment were great. The rooms were a typical hotel room and very clean. We never got sick from the food, and bottled water was always available. We had a great time and really want to go back!!!!!  
<Date>Mar 13, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>words cant describe this place!!! PARADISE We stayed at the Riu Taino hotel March 2nd to 8th, and in a word we had and AMAZING time. I can not think of one thing I did not like about this resort. The food, which was in short good but nothing spectacular, is perhaps the only area which i believe could further improve to place this hotel in the beyond 5 star rating. However the entertainment and staff at this hotel, deserve a 10 star rating as they were just incredible, with their non stop energy and enthusiasm that kept the atmosphere vibrant and cheerful. Nightly entertainment was also amazing as the entertainers from the animation team kept everyone, young, or old constantly entertained with unbelievable performances, such as the Michael Jackson Imitation show. The privileges of using other Riu resorts was also a bonus, as it allowed you to use other resorts buffet, bar, and pool. It was further a bonus if you ventured out on the beach and wanted to grab a cold drink or jump in the pool. The evenings were wonderful as I mentioned earlier there was entertainment every evening, furthermore there was nightly disco which went on till the early morning hours, however the drinks were not included at the disco, and were quite expensive, 5 $ American per beer.Lastly the beach was amazing, the sand was nice and soft, with no signs of shells or rocks that could hurt the feet, additionally it was really clean. Snorkeling is amazing just off the shore of the beach, so get out there and see the beautiful fish. Finally the resort was full with Europeans which was really cool as they are really nice people, me being one. Walking through the beach you can taste a bit of European culture, polish, German, Russian, Spanish, Italian, etc... However many of them do not speak much English.Overall this resort was, like i said earlier, simply AMAZING, there is alot to do for everyone, and the staff will unquestionably make everyone feel welcome. Personally I had an unforgettable time and will be back as soon as I can! GREAT VACATION 5*+  
<Date>Mar 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>6ESFL
<Content>Riu Taino = Paradise Having Just came back from Riu Taino, I could only wish for one thing, to go back! Our family of four was there for a week from March 1 to the 8th, and we could not have had a better time. The people were amazing, they looked like they were having as good of a time as we were, and they did they're best to ensure that everyone was having a good time. The food although it was a bit repetitive, was very good, and it never made us feel sick, the snack bar was always stalked up, and the pizza was awsome! Drinks were also quite good, although I didn not get a chance to try all of them, from what I heard while there, they were all excellent. The Rooms, well, they were good, nothing too special, but then again, how much time do you spend in the room? The grounds were kept in great shape, I applaud the gardeners, who worked so hard to keep the place looking constantly beautiful. The Service was also great, if you needed anything done they were more than happy to help. The cleaning staff did a great job in keeping the rooms, and the rest of the hotel in spotless form. The beach was amazing, simply no words to describe the beauty, the coral reefs were only 30-40m off shore, and they provided for some unforgetable snorkeling, as in any one trip you could see anything from thousands of interesting fish to an octopus, or an eel. All in all, this has had to be the best vacation I have ever been on, the people were great, the multinationality was amazing (ie. Polish, Germans, French, Spanish etc..) and the place was just amazing. One thing is for sure, I can't wait to go back!  
<Date>Mar 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>lots of info Just got back, March 8/2005. What an amazing beach, no words can explain, just really really great and lots of fun. The Rui Taino is a nice resort, its a little old and in need of repairs but overall very clean. The swim up bar is always fun, the beach is always full and the drinks cold and plentifull. The food...awesome, best buffet for breakfast, lunch and dinner I have ever been to without a doubt, looked forward to dinner every night, lots of selection of beef, chicken, fish, pork and salads, we had 8 people and no complaints from anyone.Things to Do: Book a Catamaran sail every day, book it one day in advance and sail, its a blast and gets you away from the bar for an hour.Banana boat is fun and only 10$ per person. Snorkel as much as you can, its amazing. We Parasailed, but for 85$ a person its an individual thing. Book the Sunset Cruise, its 30$ per person and they take you down the coast towards Bavaro Beach, you stop and snorkel at the most amazing Corel Reefs, once again bring your snorkel and fins or just ask the guides for some and they will provide you with it, its a must, the deep reefs are again without words, breath taking, they bring out some fine DR rum and you dance along the coast as the sun sets...it was awesome.An absolute must....Captain Cooks Restaurant for lunch, 40$ per person, they pick you up on a boat, take you to the beach restaurant, feed you lobster, crab, shrimp, scampi, calamari, fresh veggies and fries, all the cold beer you want, and if you do what we did, tip them properly, they let us stay for 3 and a half hours, drink lots of beer then took us back the the hotel...absolute great great great food, we had one person in our group who didnt eat seafood so they made him a pork and steak plate, every one has got to try Captian Cooks. Overall, the Rui Taino hotel is probably a 4 star, but the staff is a 6 star, the service is a 6 star, the food is a 6 star, but the age of the hotel hurts its ratings, if you cant enjoy this place, this beach and what you can do outside the resort than dont go to the DR, its not for you. Anyone can email me for more info, I'd be glad to help.Bill, Ottawa  
<Date>Mar 8, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RhodyTraveller
<Content>Great Experience at Riu Taino Our family (2 adults, two teenagers) stayed at the Riu Taino February 18-25, 2005. We had a wonderful time and would go back. Our only prior experience in Punta Cana was at the Barcelo Palace, and we would rate the two as roughly equivalent, with the Riu Taino having the edge for liveliness and staff friendliness, and the Barcelo having slightly better accommodations and food. We arrived at the Riu Taino on a Friday mid-afternoon. Since we did not take a charter, we arrived at the hotel by taxi (arranged in advance through Coco Tours, the local agent of TNT Tours) not tour bus, so there was no crowd at check in. We had scoped out the room locations in advance, and had e-mailed the hotel prior to arrival for a room closer to the beach. The hotel had e-mailed us back, indicating that they could not guarantee location, since it was their busy season. We initially were assigned to a room at the back of the property (near the Naiboa), but after some persistent (but nice) urging, the reception staff located rooms opening up the next day closer to the beach. The reception staff, particularly Rossy, was very helpful and attentive, and spoke English very well. We moved the next day, and were very happy with the location. We had two rooms on the second floor, which worked out well since our teenagers were right next to us.  We liked the bungalow set up of the Riu Taino, rather than large buildings like some other hotels. Our one complaint about the rooms (hopefully the Riu management reads these reviews) is that they really need updating, particularly as to curtains and bedding. We are more interested in the beach, pool, restaurants, etc., and did not spend much time in the room, so this was not a big deal to us. The cleaning staff deserves kudos for dealing with the mess left each day by two teenage girls. We made sure to leave a few dollars each day as our way of thanking the cleaning staff. The restaurants were satisfactory, but nothing special. We thought the food was a touch better at the Barcelo Palace, although we certainly never went hungry. We really liked the fact that food was available almost any time of day (until about mid night). When the main dining room is closed, you can get hot snacks, fruit, coffee, soda, etc. at the pizza restaurant on Caribbean Street or at the main bar area near the pool. There are two seatings, since the main restaurant is not large enough to accommodate everyone. We were assigned to the 8:30 seating, which we initially thought we would not like, but didn't try to change and actually ended up liking the late dinner (we would get a late afternoon snack at the bar to hold us over). We exercised the same caution with buffet food as we would in the U.S. We stuck to the hot food, fruits, pizza and breads, and stayed away from the salad bars and cold food. (The salad bar and cold food looked fine, just our self-imposed caution.) We did not experience or hear anyone else complain about any of the illness problems that have garnered a lot of attention. The hotel was extremely clean, and they seemed to go out of their way to keep it that way. We didn't notice a flying or walking bug the whole time. The food definitely reflected the European clientele, with a number of hot dishes with a Germanic tone to them. We would have liked to see more grilled to order fish and chicken, rather than grilled foods prepared in advance and then set out in pans. There was plenty of red meats, but we are not heavy meat eaters, so we can't attest to the quality. The clientele definitely was heavily European, with a large percentage of Germans, some French, and a variety of others (Italy, Eastern Europe, etc.). There was a heavy contingent of wild and crazy English speaking Canadians (is there any other type?), but just a few Americans. Contrary to some reports, the Germans were just fine, but somewhat more reserved, which could be misinterpreted as rude. Our casual observation was, nonetheless, the closer you got to the buffet, the more likely you were to have a close encounter with a German senior citizen coming back for more.  The Europeans smoke incessantly, which we also observed at the Barcelo Palace. It was shocking to see mid-teen Europeans chain smoking in front of their parents. The ventilation was good everywhere except the disco and the bar off the lobby, so this was not a huge problem. The animacion staff, particularly Rigo, Rosa, Jimy and their boss (never did get his name) were great. For us, this was the key difference which likely will cause us to return to the Riu Taino over the Barcelo Palace. The pool area was a buzz of activity, and the staff extremely energetic and friendly. I never got the feeling that anyone was looking for a tip, although we handed out plenty of tips just before we left to thank the animacion staff for making our trip so great. The beach is beautiful, although less intimate than the Barcelo Palace. We had a particularly windy week, so we ended up spending more time at the pool than we had anticipated. The pool chairs were reserved early (by 8 a.m. they were gone), but that was not a problem for us since I got up early each morning for a run on the beach. For you runners out there, the beach is more suited to running than at the Barcelo Palace, since it is wider with more of a water line (so you don't have to run on heavy sand). Having run a half-hour or so in each direction, I can attest that the Riu Taino has the best beach in sight.  We did not spend much time at the other Riu hotels. The Riu Palace looked beautiful, but was too fancy for our tastes (we go away to dress down, not dress up). The Riu Bambu was much newer, but we liked the location of the Riu Taino, which was closer to the beach and Caribbean street. We were much more comfortable letting our teenagers stay out late at the disco on Caribbean street since it was just minutes from the Riu Taino, but farther from the Riu Bambu. Our only complaint, if you call it that, is that the Riu needs to exercise closer control over the independent vendors they allow on the property. We had a bad experience with the hairdresser (for braiding) on Caribbean Street, which has a booth at the pool. We were willing to pay more than the braiding at the market down the beach, for the convenience of having it done at the pool. The braiding was not the way my 14 year old daughter had described (probably a language problem), but when we asked them to correct it, they wanted to charge us another $20. The money was insignificant, but we objected to paying more just to get it right. The owner of the hair salon was extremely aggressive, going to the extent of trying to get the manager of the Riu Taino to force us to pay. Fortunately, the manager, a very nice guy from Spain, backed us up 100%.  Also, the hotel allows outside vendors into the hotel lobby once a week to show their wares, mostly jewelry, cigars, paintings and tee shirts. This is fine with us, but we felt uncomfortable since the vendors were aggressive in trying to get us to buy. This is fine when this happens at the beach market, but not on the hotel property. These minor complaints, however, hardly detracted from our overall experience. We would rate the Riu Taino a solid 4+ star (by Punta Cana standards), and it would be a 5 star with a little cosmetic updating. We will be back for sure. BW from Rhode Island.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful vacation, beautiful beach My husband and I just returned from a very relaxing vacation in the DR. We stayed at the Riu Taino Feb. 8 - 13. We have been to other all-inclusives and this was the best yet. We were greated with a fruity coctail. Check-in took no time at all, about 2 mins. Enough time to tell us about the towel cards, safe, mini bar, and bottled water in the room. We were taken to our room, changed clothes and headed to the beach. It was windy a few of the days we were there, but it kept you from sweating in the sun. It was easy to move from the shade of the palm trees to the sun on the beach by just moving your chair a couple feet. That was great for us since I was out for a tan and my husband has more difficuty without burning. We still sat together without any problems. We thought the food was good. We went to both resturaunts, which were also good, but enjoyed the selection at the buffet. The main dishes changed evey night. The french toast was wonderful at breakfast. My husband had bowel problems with some nausea for about 4 hours one evening, but he blamed in on the not quite fully cooked piece of sausage he had for breakfast that morning. The symptoms were gone the next day so he was probably right. I didn't have the sausage or any type of problems while we were there. I also didn't hear or see anyone else with problems. We ventured over to the Bambu and thought the lunch was better at the Tanio although another couple thought the Melao was better (it's a more French dominated, and more women topless on the beach) We didn't get there to eat, but we walked to all of them, including the Palace. We sat on the beach in front of the Palace one day and used there pool a couple times to cool off even though your not suppose to if your not staying there. They have to wear wrist bands. No one that I could see checked for them and if they noticed they didn't care or say anything. I'm sure they would if you tried to eat or drink there. Eveyone around the pool, as my husband said, was on life support. It was very quiet, no one was walking around or using the pool, except us. Our pool was pretty active. I got up early, around 7:30 as opposed to closer to 9:00, a couple days and saw that a few of the pool chairs were being saved but most hadn't. My question for these people on a mission to have a pool side seat is Why not save some money and go someplace not on the beach if you are so set on being by a pool all day? You can do that at the Holiday Inn's indoor pool at home. We were on the beach everyday, the sand was soft and not at all hot on your feet. I brought a large mug with a lid. We filled it every morning at breakfast with whatever we wanted to drink until lunch. The water and ice are fine to consume in the bar and resturants. I love to chew ice while lying in the sun and I did plenty of it there and didn't have any problems. Our plane didn't leave until 4pm and the bus didn't pick us up until 1pm.(You really do need about 2-3 hours to get to the airport and through the bagage check line, they search EVERY bag). Check out is at noon, I asked if we could have a late check out, not yet knowing what time the bus was coming, and they said we could stay in our room until 2:30. They actually thought that we didn't understand when we came to check out at 1:00 and we explained that our bus was making us leave. We were surprise at how fast check out was if that's what you'd call it. We gave them the keys and towel cards and they said OK, it looks like everything is in order. We hope you had a good time. That was it, no papers, signatures, or extra bills. The staff are wonderful and the bar tenders recognize you and remember what you usually drink. They spoke some English, German, and French that we could understand, probably other languages that we didn't. Not all fluently, but enough to make you feel like you could communicate what you wanted. I had read all of the reviews before going. When we booked our vacation the Riu Taino was ranked #7. Then this Norvirus thing started and it dropped to around #11. We had the chance to change hotels through United Vacations because of illness going around. I almost did except the resort that we could change to still wasn't ranked as high as Taino even though it was also 5 star. I'm glad we didn't. Whatever was going around must be gone because we did everything but drink the tap water and brought along some hand sanitizer.I think your vacation is what you make of it. If you go there looking for the bad things you'll find something wrong anywhere you go. If you go looking to enjoy a relaxing vacation, not having to cook, clean, go to work, or be in the cold weather you will have a wonderful time.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2005
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't go to this so-called five star resort My wife and I were at the Taino from January 7, 2005 through Januaray 14, 2005. I got sick on the 11th and it took almost two weeks for me to recover. I've been offered a free all expense week by SUnquest who seem to have known about problems there since early December.  If this is a five star hotel, I would hate to see a three or four star. I only have one comparison and that is with the Mayan Riviera in Mexico. The rooms are reasonable but you are left with a double bed and a single bed - not great for celebrating your first anniversary. To make the double bed, they covered the mattress with a twin sheet which could not be tucked in. Then they put another twin sheet as a top sheet but this was tucked in at the bottom and therefore came up only to chest height. That left you with a light cover. When you rolled over at night, the bottom sheet bunched up and you were left lying on a bare mattress and could only wonder how many others had done the same and then all the other possibilities of what could be in the mattress come to mind. Food was adequate but very repititious. Not much variety at the snack bar. Areas were generally well kept and staff were somewhat friendly. Beach area was small - three or four rows of chairs and you were in the ocean. We were forced to be at the pool early to get a couple of chairs. While you can't blame the resort, the weather was OK except for the constant heavy wind which forced you to use the chairs as a protection from the cool wind coming off the water. On our last night, someone got into our room while we were having supper - didn't get anything as we had keys to the safe with us and left nothing of any value out - but it is somehwat unnerving to find that this can so easily happen. We certainly won't go back to the DR and will only use the RIU chain again because of the free week mentioned early which has to be taken at the same chain.   
<Date>Feb 8, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Flyercop
<Content>Possible Norwalk virus Although the resort is quite beautiful, they have a huge infection control problem. Out of our group 6 had Norwalk virus like symptoms. Both my husband and I were ill. We have never been so ill. From what I have been reading this is a problem in Puerto Plata as well. We have been in the Dominican Republic several other times and have never had an issue with illness. I would stay away for a while until you can start to see reports of people not getting sick. This was the worst vacation ever.    
<Date>Jan 31, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pbrwolf
<Content>At least we didn't get sick       Little bar along the path  
<Date>Jan 27, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't let the cheap price lure you to this sickly resort The price was right but something at the resort was not. 19 of the 20 people in our group who went to the resort Jan 7-10 were violently ill. When the sickness came upon myself i went to the bathroom to be sick, only to find several others (Not with our group) getting sick in the restroom. One by one each of us were sick each day.The hotel manager was questioned about it and he stated that it had been a problem since November. When we returned to the U.S.A. our local health department did cultures on some of us and determined we had the Norwalk Virus. It is very contagious, which explains why most people at the resort were sick. The resort would have to be closed and completely sanitized to be rid of this virus. It has not happened. Whomever checked into the rooms we had would have definitely caught the virus as well. The problem has not been solved here at the Riu Taino. To stay well , stay away from this resort. Make your reservations someplace else.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2005
<Rating>1	2	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We became ill My wife and I were at this resort in January, 2004 and were looking forward to our return, from January 3-10, 2005. The staff at the hotel is great!! I also enjoyed the Eurpeans and there various differences in culture. The nightly entertainment is fun and worth your time. The Karaoke night is usually very good, normally some good singers in the audience. During the January, 2004 visit there was an English lady in her 50's that was just an outstanding singer (best I ever heard). The vendors down the beach (either way) are usually fun. If you want it, offer them about 1/3rd of what they're asking and its yours. We didn't get there this time though.My wife and I both got very sick. I am still having stomach problems 11 days after our return. I became sick on January 5 and on January 15 (after our return home). I returned to normal on January 6, but took several days to return to normal after the 15th vomiting episode. I had serious chills and fever. My wife started her diarrhea on January 6th. I took her to the clinic on Caribbean Street on the moning of the 8th and received an almost immediate ambulance ride to the Bavaro Hospital. The emergence room doctor called it travelers' diarrhea!!!? Whatever, she was very ill early in the morning and briefly passed-out. After getting back to the resort and having a liquid lunch, it resulted in a violent vomiting episode. It's amusing now, but she did feel better after that!! The hospital gave her four medications. I was impressed with the sincerity and concern expressed by all of the medical personnel. The Cuyahoga County (Cleveland) Health Board is doing an investigation as many people became ill at this resort. I will be trying another Caribbean destination.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Unforgettable loooong weekend at Riu Taino I recently traveled with 19 other women to Punta Cana and stayed at the Riu Taino. I do not have an extensive list of all inclusive resort vacations to compare this trip with, but I do know that I would never return to this hotel.I did not find the hotel staff to be as friendly and helpful as what I had experienced previously at another resort. Although being very careful not to drink the water, as well as careful about what I ate, I became ill the day of my departure from the resort. Not surprising since I was just about the last of 20 ladies to come down with whatever was lurking around there at the resort. I was thankful I did not get as ill as some of my other buddies, but it was enough to make me want to erase the entire weekend from my memory! The saddest fact was that after the ladies in my group confronted the hotel manager, we were told they had been having a problem there since November!Overall, with regard to the site of the resort itself, I found it to be located on a pretty stretch of beach. There was a constant breeze and at times it was actually chilly especially when the spits of rain came in. The airport was also much easier to get in and out of than the one in Cancun.With regard to the meals....I can not brag about the food one bit. My previous experience of staying at an all inclusive resort had me biting at the bit for the next meal. I did not look forward to my meals at this resort at all!I would also add that I did not find the entertainment in the show room to be family oriented. I would have had to walk out had I had my children with me!If you are thinking about booking this hotel, I'd ask your travel agent to be up-front and honest with you and find out if whatever is making guests sick at this resort has been taken care of.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beware of food, water, service at the Riu Tiano I had experienced an awful vacation to this resort on January 3 - January 10, 2005. I was with a group of 20 women and basically everyone ended up with some kind of illness. Myself I was ill for half of my vacation, I did not eat or drink anything funny, but still ended up ill. On top of poor food and lousy drinks, the service from the staff was poor. I found the male staff to be rude and way too forward for my liking. Beware of the disco, I believe there are some illegal operations happening in there. Overall, I would highly consider changing locations of your hotel.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>19 out of 20 women violently ill at Riu Taino Group of 20 women stayed at Riu Taino Jan 7-10, 2005. We were not prepared for 7 of us to be sick in bed with Nausea, vomiting and diarrhea within 36 hours. Another 7 were sick within the next 24 hours. Hotel manager Santiago Varga Azzati says they have been having this trouble since November. They have checked the food, water and changed the produce. They are unable to determine the cause, but think it may be a virus being brought over from Europe. The hotel did not take our names or room numbers, and I feel sorry for any visitors using the rooms after we left as you can imagine what would happen if 2-3 people were sick at one time in a small hotel room. We spent our vacation taking care of each other and eating packaged snacks out of the gift shop. We are now home and truly grateful we all made it home alive. Many, Many people are sick at this hotel. Lobby and bar restrooms soiled from the sick guests. 2 people went to the clinic on the resort, one had to be hospitalized upon returning home. Ohio Bureau of Infectious Disease is investigating and has taken cultures from many of us. We can not identify a pattern based on what we ate or drank. Something is seriously wrong at this hotel. Make sure you change your reservation!!!  
<Date>Jan 14, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>redd
<Content>Amazing Beach Holiday Riu Taino- 15 nights. Dec.8-Dec 23/04 My husband and myself- early 40鈥檚, have been to Puerto Plata, Sosua and Cabarete on the North Coast as well as Samana and Las Galeras on previous trips to the DR and decided it was time to check our Punta Cana. We flew via Air Transat direct from Edmonton, Alberta landing at the Punta Cana airport after 6.5 hours at 6:00pm on a Wednesday. (The flight back was 7.5 hours). We had ample room on the flight down due to the Malaria scare and cancellations. The flight back however, was full and cramped; thankfully we each had an aisle seat so legs could be stretched out. We were the only two from our flight that were going to the Riu resorts so we had the luxury of being transported via Coco tours by van. We arrived after 30 min to the Taino. The reception was welcoming and we were processed quickly. We found any request we had quickly responded to: i.e. a t.v remote needed and 5 min later delivered to our room or if more water or beer was needed for our mini-fridge鈥?done! Awesome service and management showed real concern about any query we had. Internet was available in the lobby area for 5US/20minutes.Rooms:The rooms were adequate, we tried out two while we were there and actually preferred the area farther back since it was quieter. We stayed in bungalow 591 for the first week. It was ground level and in a very lush area. The room had a double and two twin beds, mini-safe, mini-fridge stocked with beer (not Presidente beer but Quisqueya, and pop), liquor dispenser of brandy, amber  white rum and vodka. The furniture was wicker, the AC worked well as did the ceiling fan. The terrace was large but it was too hot and humid to spend any amount of time on it. They sprayed for mosquitoes while we were there so no worries about being surrounded by the lovely vegetation. We had a banana tree, complete with a stalk of bananas outside our terrace. We had about a 5-10 minute walk to the restaurant-beach area. Since we were there for 15 nights we thought a change of view would be nice, so after a week we asked to change to a room closer to the beach. No problem, they moved us to 043 second floor ocean view. It was a great location to the beach, but a smaller room and of course nosier since we were much closer to all the action. It had most of the same amenities as the first room, except only a double and one twin bed and the mini-fridge was in the closet. The balcony was nice since you got more of a breeze being on the second floor. So whichever room you do get there are pros and cons to each. Bars:The Taino鈥檚 lobby/beach bar had the best service. It was opened until 2 am. The Bambu had a 24 hr bar that we checked out a couple of evenings and it was fun but the service was not as a good. We checked out most of the bars (what else do you do with 15 nights) and the Taino seemed to be where a lot of people ended up. The disco was not really happening or if it was we missed that night. Restaurants:The buffet restaurant was very well laid out. There were two dinner seatings, 6:30 and 8:30. You were given the same numbered table every night. This avoided having to grab a table and fight lineups etc. that we have experienced at other resorts. The hot food was hot and the cold food cold. There were many choices available. I avoided the raw salads but my husband ate them without any complaints. We tried the steakhouse and that was not great. Although many people were happy with the mixed grill, we had ordered the steak and we found it to be thin and tough. We didn鈥檛 try the Mediterranean. Breakfasts were very good and we also enjoyed lunches at the Pizzeria and lobby/beach bar. Overall, we liked the food.Weather, Bugs, Illness:The weather was awesome the entire time with only one day of solid rain. It was +30C the entire time with cool breezes off the ocean. The flags were green or yellow so ocean sports and swimming were entirely possible and enjoyable. Mosquitoes were few; I think we saw two or three the entire time. I did take the malaria prophylaxis, Novo Chloroquine (2x250mg tablets once a week for 7 weeks total). My husband did not bother. I didn鈥檛 get any mosquito bites; however, I did get about 8 odd burn-like marks on one of my legs, with two that actually blistered. Not sure what caused them, they didn鈥檛 look like bites, could I have rubbed against a poisonous plant?? No idea. I bought some antibiotic cream from the local Pharmacia and it seemed to help. They are almost healed now that I am home, but they may scar. My husband did not get a single bite. Geesh!I suffered some stomach upset after taking my pill but nothing major. I had no problems with the food or water. My husband had some diarrhea but I am sure the 20 beer a day had nothing to do with it. Ha! However, many people at the resort did suffer a day or two of illness. It was hot and very easy to become dehydrated so beware and drink lots of water. The resort management were very concerned with the number of people complaining of illness and changed their water suppliers while we were there. One gentleman we spoke to has been coming to this resort for the past six years and this was the first time he had any problems with illness. People:When we first arrived the majority of people were Germans, Swiss, and French etc. We found that most people were very friendly if you attempted conversation (many people spoke some English or just smiled and nodded as we raised our glasses to them). We met a couple of Americans and a Welsh family the second night there. And after a week it was the Canadian invasion, ha! So speaking English was not a problem and my husband who speaks Polish even met 2 couples from Poland (they spoke English as well) that were just a blast to hang out with. We also met a couple of fellows from Argentina and a Spanish couple. The one major difference with being in Punta Cana compared to Puerto Plata (we鈥檝e spent a month on the north coast on previous trips) is that you really don鈥檛 get much of a local feel. Most of the locals travel by bus an hour or so to get to work at the Rius, or stay at the resort during their work schedule. (i.e. the Animation team stays in residences near the Naiboa) Pool and Beach:We spent most of our days on the marvellous beach- he in the sun and me in the shade of a palm tree, Fantastic, you walk into the ocean on powdery beige sand and the water was clear. The beach seemed endless as it was long and wide. There was never a problem getting a lounger on the beach, no saving needed. However, the pool was a different story, saving loungers started at around 7 am. We found it too hot-no breeze at all by the pool so this was not even a concern for us. The most entertaining pool was at the Bambu, it had the biggest pool bar as well as lively contests to watch. The Bambu pool was beautiful and had a large bar above the swim-up bar that was nicely shaded and allowed for a cooler place to watch the fun. The Tainos pool was nice as well but its swim-up bar was smaller but well attended.Entertainment:The animation team works hard and they were very entertaining, especially watching poor hapless tourists such as ourselves- who got talked into taking part in their skits and contests.We won a bottle of rum each for our participation. It was a good laugh.Shopping:Here is where we felt somewhat frustrated, the prices were high because there is little competition and much of the merchandise is repetitive. There was either Carribean street where bartering was not needed or you could walk down the beach to the huts and barter for your merchandise. (better deals that way) The closet town of Higuey is an hour away by taxi, and hour and half by bus. So if you go to Punta Cana it鈥檚 for the Beach not the shopping.Summary: We enjoyed this vacation although 15 days was a tad long, we aren鈥檛 ones to lay around lounging all day but we did start to get the hang of it. We enjoyed the North Coast because there was more to do but Punta Cana definitely has better beaches. We did not do excursions on this trip as we have done plenty in the past.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jamar2
<Content>Nice resort, but-- My husband and I stayed at the Riu Taino the last two weeks of November/04 as it was our 40th wedding anniversary. The gardens were very nice and our room was OK, the hotel staff were helpful and went all out to give us an unforgettable anniversary day!!! The entertainment was so so. The food in the buffet was redundant but adiquate. There were an overwelming abundance of Europeans(Germans) there at the time. We met a few Canadians and Americans who we could carry on a conversation with, other that that we pretty much had to keep each other company if we wanted to talk to someone in english. Though you can't help the weather, the wind was a real downer. Every day (except one), the yellow or red flag was flying on the beach and you went into the water at your perril!! There were a lot of guests (including us), who, in spite of taking daily doses of Pepto Bismol and not drinking the tap water ETC., were still complaining of gastric problems IE: bloating, diarreha and vomiting. One young woman ended up in the hospital with severe gastroenteritis probably caused by ingesting contaminated food and or water, so the docter told her. She did recover but it sure put a damper on her honeymoon!! We, (and the newley weds), were very happy to come back home!! Now there is a report that over the past few weeks some visitors to Punta Cana came back home only to discover that they were suffering from malaria as a result being bitten by infected mosquitoes!!!! We sure hope we are not going to be added to that list as we both got bitten by mosqitoes during that time period in spite of taking all the precautions!! We would only rate the resort as a 3 1/2 - 4 star at best. We will not be going back to the Taino, but we may try another RIU resort at another location or go back to vacation at more of the RIU hotels in Mexico. Any way , Happy traveling , Seasons Greetings and Happy New Year to all and to all a Good Night!!!!!  
<Date>Dec 6, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PamO
<Content>Enjoyed my vacation at Riu Taino Just returned from a week at the Riu Taino in Punta Cana. Despite the weather, we really enjoyed our vacation. Upon arrival, our room wasn't quite ready so, we grabbed a couple of drinks in the bar. Imagine our delight when we did get our room and we were upgraded from a regular room to a suite. The room was gorgeous and very, very clean. Our housekeeper Lucia did a super job eveyday and left us towel swans and flowers everyday as well. It was a noce touch that did not go unnoticed.The resort itself is just gorgeous and very clean. It was nice to have access to the other Riu's as well. The beach is beautiful and clean. One day when we were walking on the beach, we saw a local up at the top of a 50 foot palm tree getting coconuts. It was pretty cool to see...once in a lifetime kind of thing.The staff at the Riu Taino is amazing , pleasant and try very hard to help. Despite reviews I read before I left, they're English is not as bad as other reviews say...be patient...they are listening to many different languages day in and day out.The food is plentiful and very tasty. I ate just about everything. I had a bit of upset stomach one day but, my boyfriend was fine the whole time.All in all, we had a great vacation and I would recommend the Riu Taino for anyone's vacation!!! Have Fun!!!!!  
<Date>Nov 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ironpig
<Content>Paradise       under the palms on the beach,"paradise"  
<Date>Nov 6, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing Honeymoon - Loved the Riu Chain We went on our honeymoon Sept 6 to Sept 13, and I have to say it was absolutely amazing. We traveled with Skyservice, a little tight for leg room, and not much turbulance on the way down, about a 4 hour flight. When arriving at the Punta Cana Airport, we were greeter in a welcoming manner, and our picture was taken with the Welcoming Crew Grabbed out luggage and was on the road for our hotel. The ride was a littel scary as there are no rules in DR, so they drive in the middle of the road at outrageous speeds, it's pretty freaky!We arrived at the hotel, and greated by the hotel staff with a cocktail, very very nice front desk staff. Once entering our room, it was just like any other room, nothing fancy, a double bed, and a single with a garden view...like I said nothing spectacular!The weather was absolutely amazing for the entire week...no complaints with that.The entertainment staff at the hotel are the nicest people  make the stay that much more enjoyable. We miss them the most! - In particular we miss Ti Ti -you'll agree once you see who he is!!! (Ha! Ha!)Advise: Participate in activities at the hotel, they are fun, and you win prizes!!!! And get very well known. It makes the vacation very entertaining.The excussions are very nice, a little pricy, but well worth it, we participated in the Bavaro Runners $75 USD per person - it was a whole day event, and swimming with the sharks for about $50 USD, very fun - it was only 1/2 day event.If you're planning on getting your hair in braids, don't do it at the Carribean Market, walk about 10 minutes down the beach either way, and the cost for me was $30, and my hair was a little bit past my shoulders...and the Carribean Market price was $45, for 1/2 my head...and i got my whole head in braids for $30. (worth the 10 minute walk)We absolutely loved this place, the only complaint that we had was that there was not ATM machines that worked in the complex, there is only 1 ATM within the RIU complex, which is 5 hotels, so all the staff use the ATM machine before going into work and by the time you get to use it, there is no money left. So make sure you take enough money or a credit card.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2004
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stayed there August 12 - 19 th and had a wonderful time. Thoroughly enjoyed our stay. I have been to the Bahamas, Cancun, St. Martin and Cuba and this was my favourite. The beaches are amazing and the staff are great. Some people complained that there was too much activity around the pool during the day so if you want total quiet maybe the Palace next door is a better choice. Food is great and lots of choice. For a day trip try the Bavarro Runner. Well worth the $75.00. I would go back again for sure.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RumPunchLover
<Content>Absolutely Amaaaazing! Excellent Service!We heard about the RIU resorts having a good rep, but never expected such an amazing experience on our first trip to the Dominican Republic. This was our 4th time to the Caribbean (we experienced the Moon Palace in Cancun, Club Marival in Puerto Vallarta, and the Iberostar Tucan/Quetzal in the Mayan Rivera). This resort by far surpassed all of our expectations! My husband and I travelled with our 12 year old daughter and 9 year old son, they did not want to come home!I e-mailed the resort requesting an ocean view room (can't hurt right?)... never got it during our other trips, until now! I still can't believe the service we received at the Taino. Unbelievable! The minute we arrived (at 10:30pm) we were greeted with smiles, a quick check in and our bags were delivered to our ocean view room, pronto. No bugs, not even small ants (we were on the ground floor), the room was kept exceptionally clean despite all the sand we brought in every day, bar fridge was always fully stocked). The bartenders are amazing with the kids... they were always served quickly and they always took the time to make special chocolate drinks complete with candy sprinkles and a chocolate syrup design.Healthy as horses!None of us got sick... not even the slightest tummy ache, nothing! We splurged on seafood, fish, salad, booze : ), you name it, we tried it. We did take precautions however... never touched the tap water. My Naturopathic doctor suggested we take oregano pills (Oregamax), to help kill bacteria (if ever they made their way in). My son doesn't do pills well, so we gave him a pepto chewable twice a day. We also got our Hepatitis shot.Excursions!We were so busy participating in all sorts of activities every day (water aerobics, beach aerobics, merengue lessons, ping pong tournaments, bingo, beach volleyball, snorkeling, paddle boating, etc), we only had time for two excursions. We swam with the rays and sand sharks, which was such an exciting experience, and my daughter and I went horseback riding on the beach. Beautiful!Important Info!Hair braiding is much cheaper on the beach, about a 20 min walk ($25) - they wanted $40 at the hotel. Be warned though, it takes much longer than what they say... my daughter has chin length hair and it took 2 hours and 15 minutes. They said it would take only 1 hour.Bring lots of sun block! We brought 3 big bottles and it wasn't enough. We had to buy some and it was expensive.The jewelry is fake! They say it's sterling, but no sooner when e got home, it turned colours (we bought it at the hotel).Learn a little Spanish. Although we had many laughs trying to figure each other out, it would have helped if I could have at least understood a little (for conversation sake). The bartender spent a good 1/2 hour trying to hold a conversation with us, writting on napkins and hand gestures. Most would have given up on us... not here! I found a site on the web.... StudySpanish. A complete tutorial for FREE (grammar and pronunciation). I'm half way through the suggested on-line lessons and enjoying every minute of it!Bring insulated water bottles to keep hydrated during long walks on the beach. There's some self serve water and ice at the La Bamba (along with juices, soft drink, ice tea, etc). We filled these up and were set for hours.Don't miss the beach BBQ (grilled meats and great sangria), Steakhouse (awesome steak and service to boot!), a shot of mama juana with coffee after dinner, and beautiful pictures taken by photographers throughout the day ($7 each), for memories that will last a lifetime.Would we go back? We're already booked for September, celebrating our anniversary and my birthday, at the Bambu (no kids!)... we will definitely be visiting our friends at the Taino (regularly) during our stay! Can't wait!  
<Date>Aug 18, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very safe, no surprises! Just returned from thr Riu Taino. My wife and I had a great time. The beach is amazing, the pool, rooms, buildings, etc. are very clean. The food was good, but after a week we were ready for some North American home cookin. Not that it is bad, but unless you select different foods every time, I find that you are eating the same thing all week. The staff were very friendly. The resort felt very safe, I felt very comfortable walking around all of the Riu resorts anytime of the day. My advice: if you are going to buy something from a vendor, you should only pay about 1/3 of what he is asking. Also, I picked up a box of 25 cubans for $ 82.00, I found out that they sell in Calgary for $40.00 each!!! If I went back, I would buy 4 boxes!! Anyway, no big surprises at this hotel, it is clean, safe, fun and features an amazing beach!!! If you don't mind topless ladies, then this place may be right for you!  
<Date>Jul 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Resort Vacationed at the Riu Tiano from June 29 to July 27 and would found it to be a very relaxing and fun place. We had no complaints about the resort.I did get really sick after 2 days there. Started to feel stomach pains so I took the pepto bismal tablets I had with me and this was a BIG MISTAKE.When I went to the hospital, via ambulance, I was told by the Dr. there that I made things worse by blocking up my system. He said in the tropics never take imodium or pepto. So I spent an overnight at a lovely hospital. While I was at the hospital I saw other tourist with the same problem.As far as the hotel all was great, staff, and so many things to do, or just relax around the pool or the fantastic beach. Food was average not bad. I would recommend this resort and would consider returning one day to see more or the seroundings.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jose2006
<Content>Beach Vacation I stayed at the Riu Taino from June 28 to July 05, 2004. The Riu complex is a nice resort for a first time vacationers to Punta Cana. However, my impression was that the Riu Taino is more like a 4* hotel, not a 5*. The rooms and the room鈥檚 service are average. The entertainment is poor. It could be better for a 5* and the huge complex of the Riu Resort. I was very disappointed of the restaurants service. First, the restaurants that required reservation don鈥檛 have too much to offer. Food is always the same every night. Second, if you are staying at the Riu Taino and want to have dinner, don鈥檛 forget your long pants. Is required for dinner at the buffet restaurant. What? Not good for a beach vacation. If you don鈥檛 want to use long pants, you need to reserve a table at the Riu Bambu and to tell you, is not easy. Food, at the Taino is fine. The Bambu is better. Too much protocol for a beach hotel in Punta Cana. Since this is not my first time at an All Inclusive resort, I can compare with others. There are much better hotels in Punta Cana. Search in the Internet for other hotels.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Riu taino great vacation We just returned from a 1 week vacation at the Riu Taino in Punta Cana. Overall I would give this resort an excellent rating. The beach was beautiful. The food was good but just got sick of the same things but that happens anywhere. The buffet was the best of all of the restaurants. Most people loved the breakfast. Pool bar was great. Staff treated us well. The staff would go out of there way to accommodate any requests. There were some communication problems because a fair number of the staff did not speak English. That was more our issue than theirs we should learn some Spanish. The room was very clean and was close to the beach, lobby and pool. Snorkeling was very cool right off of the beach Bring Bananas or bread with you when you go. We took a catamaran out a few days and it was great. There is an old ship that had crashed into the reef and you can sail right around it very cool. The little pink restaurant near the beach has a cool little second floor you can each lunch at over looking the beach and ocean. We also took the ATV excursion. One of the guys in Scuba booked us through a guy named Pedro who was awesome. We paid 75 US per person and we each had our own ATV and it was amazing.Tips: Bring Imodium, pepto, band aids, tons of sun block and after sun.Bring lots of American single dollar bills for tipping  
<Date>Jun 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kappyfisher
<Content>Great place but beware of thieves My girlfriend and I just returned from 7 days in Punta Cana. I am 48 and she is 35 and we were looking for a nice beach vacation after enjoying the Iberostar Pairaiso Del Mar in Playa Del Carmen last October. We originally booked the Riu Naiboa, but were not happy with the property when we arrived. The food seemed low end and we couldn't find a room to our liking after repeated attempts. The Naiboa is pretty far off the beach as well. We knew it was a step down when we booked it but didn't expect to be as disappointed as we were upon arrival. We paid an extra $200 to move to the Taino and it was money well spent. We ended up with a 4 unit bungalow fairly close to the beach as well as the pool and the room was much better than at the Naiboa. The food was noticeably better as well. We were on the 2nd floor of the bungalow and on the 3rd night, we did have someone scale the balconey and enter our room through the sliding doors while we were at dinner. Our valuables were in the safe thankfully, and so our losses only amounted to clothing worth about $500. Another couple we ran into was not so fortnuate. They were on the first floor in a different unit and had locked all the doors, but were still robbed. They had just arrived and had not put their valuables in the safe so they lost everyting, including their passports. They had to make a 6 hour round trip to Santa Domingo to get them replaced. RIU did a pretty good job accomodating both of us and offered us 4 nights free on our next Caribbean trip and dinner at the higher end Riu Palance as compensation. Plus we got a free excursion to the local police department which was quite an experience. It looks like our Apple travel insurance will reimburse us for our loss so overall, it is not a huge negative. But based on our experience and that of this other couple, I would recommend that you be extremely careful about securing your items while in Punta Cana. At first, we didn't think PC was as nice as our October Playa vacation. But by the end, we both decided we would come back to PC before Playa. The beach is slightly better and we just had more fun. The Taino Animation staff were friendly, fun loving and very talented with their dancing and fluency in 4 different languages. We particularly enjoyed the twice daily dance lessons and the nightly shows which incorporated the merenge and salsa dances that we learned.Americans and the english language were definitely in the minority here. Mainly Germans and Spanish and Canadians. We liked this aspect as it truly gave an international feel to the vacation and we were still able to meet people and make friends.Regarding getting sick, I followed the advice of an earlier review and took one half of a Pepto tablet each morning and night and I did not get sick. My friend did not take the Pepto and she did have one bout of diahhria the night before we left. We also brought our own bottled water as we did not trust the gallon jug of water that they provided each day.Also, if you want to use the workout facilities, make sure you bring tennis shoes as they will not let you work out without them.Overall, the Taino was just right for us. The Naiboa was too low end and while the Palace would have been nice for the better food and more luxurious setting , we saw many Palace people enjoying the more relaxed and fun atmosphere of the Taino.We will be back to the Taino....probably soon given our 4 free night voucher that we earned!  
<Date>May 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing vacation! This was the best vacation ever! The staff is fantastic and 1 week was not enough! I plan on visiting this hotel once-twice a year if possible. Boca Chica is hilarious, the bar tender's are friendly...everyone has a good time.  
<Date>May 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>two fabulous weeks at the taino HOLA:: We just got back from two wonderful weeks at the riu taino april 8-22 with another couple. absolutely fabulous.. we have been a lot of places but this was the best.. food was great, people great especially willy and louis at the bar at the taino..beach and water fabulous for as far as you can walk and see.. going back next year for two weeks again.. only 355 days to go.. oh yea and dont forget the drinks mmmmm especially the doctors funks!!!!  
<Date>Apr 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved rhe resort!!!! Travelled to Riu Taino in April 2002 with girlfriend and parents ,was a little apprehensive as you know how picky parents can sometimes be.Let me tell you from the time we got there the place was all class very quick check in very organized rooms were nicely appointed in room bar with liquer dispensers were a nice touch. Grounds were absolutely lovely I for one am a very picky eater cannot eat fish allergic reaction shellfish actually but there was a abundance of choices every night,ranging from chicken to beef to pork and pasta no shortage of options for the picky!! Beach was incredible just how I remembered it way back in 1987 just like paradise Animation staff very outgoing and friendly always with a smile on their face and a willing Hola!  Loved it so much that we went back the following year in February and got engaged proposed to her on the beach on Valentines day,reception was great settting everything up decorating the room with ballons etc.  Went to Paridisus Playa Conchal this past February a little more refined more dining options but basically the same quality food but for the price I would recommend Riu Taino,fiancee and I did not know we found a diamond in the ruff !!!  Going back in April of 2005 look for the guy at the pool bar with the 64 oz Tim Horton's mug!!!  
<Date>Apr 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This must be paradise... In September we have been on a 2-week holiday in Riu Taino and it was great! I visited this website very regularly and I can assure you, only believe the positive evaluations? We first had an overbooking (travel agency's fault?), but after 2 days in the Barcelo Bavaro Palace, we were finally able to go to Riu Taino. Barcelo Palace is a lot more expensive and should be much better, but we were very very very happy to have made the change to the Taino. The rooms are very nice, located in beautiful gardens, clean, cool (has the inventor of airconditioning already won a Nobelprice?),? The beds were rather small, but hey, you aren't there to sleep all day, are you? The pool was great. There were always more than enough sunbeds and there is a great swim-up bar. If you are thirsty you'll certainly get a drink. Maybe it'll be something different than what you asked for, but that makes it more exiting. You get to know a lot of new drinks (like Mamajuana?)! The main restaurant is wonderful! You want to eat pizza, fries, chicken,? every day? No problem! But if you want to put some variation in your menu, you'll enjoy the buffets. We loved the food. It's well prepared, nicely presented, there's more than enough (although some Germans thought there wasn't? Taking 2 or 3 plates at the time?), the Mexican-evenings with Tacos and Chili con carne were superbe,? Wonderful! We also went to the Mediterannea Restaurant, but liked the normal buffet more. The Steakhouse on the other hand was very good. We tried the grilled plate and it's a recommendation! We didn't got sick at all!!! Just make sure you use the gallon of water in your room to brush your teeth and you'll be fine. The hotel-staff is incredible. Whenever and where ever you meet them, there is always a big smile and a friendly Hola. Jardineros, piscineros, waiters, bartenders, the people at the reception,? What a difference to other hotels we have been too! And if you prefer an active holiday, you can join in to an activity from the Animation-team every 30 minutes. And, believe me, these guys are completely loco! If you're planning a visit, try to locate 'Romeo' and 'Moreno DiCaprio'. As crazy as can be, but great fun! The staff of these hotels doesn't earn a lot, so when you give them a tip, they really appreciate it. We left $1 on our bed every morning and we gave occasional tips to other people, like the gardners? When you hear a strange noice in one of the gardens and you see coconuts falling out of a tree. Look up, there is probable a 'jardinero' in the tree. They even offer you fresh coconuts on the spot. They take their machete (very big and sharp knife) and prepare it on demand! We gave them a tip every time they did something like this? One last good advice : take a good spray against mosquitos! And don't forget some lotion to put on mosquito-stings? Don't ask me how these little monsters did it, but I stopped counting on 45 mosquito-stings. And they do itch! If you need to, you can finds sprays and lotions in the Caribbean Street. We did only two excursions... We went to visit the sigar-factory of Don Lucas (a Belgian guy) and we did the 3-in-1 excursion. On one day you go by bus, by boat, by airplane, by... We saw amazing things, drank cubalibre all day, got a nice tan, saw wonderful underwater-life,... One good advice : Do not buy the videotape they make on that trip. Our guide assured us that it was good quality, but it's crap! Better shoot your own pictures and take your own camera. Anything will be better than the so-called-professional cameraguy does... Our general rating? Riu Taino is an absolute 5*-place and we loved it!  
<Date>Apr 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rob101
<Content>Loved every minute of it! Spent 1 week at Riu Taino. No complaints at all. Had a wonderful trip!!! Would recommend this place to everyone. Friendly people, good food, clean rooms. An all around great place. Can't wait for our next holiday.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was great ! I come from Belgium and I had a wonderful time in Punta Cana in December 2003. Riu Taino is great : beautiful beach, great pool, food excellent, particularly the Morning breakfasts ! (Restaurants 脙聽 la carte  steak grill not so good). Service 5*, rooms ok, very clean. I highly recommend this hotel. Just close to the beach, amazing ... Be sure that you will enjoy your time in Taino ! May I aslo recommend you the facultative excursion to Saona ... this is the paradise ! Catherine  
<Date>Apr 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place We just arrived back from a seven day stay at the Riu Taino. I really don't know about the people that gave the Taino a bad review. They must have been in another resort. From the time we reached the Punta Cana Airport until we left the Punta Cana Airport we had no complaints. The rooms we requested where great, the food was excellent (we never did go to the al a cartes) the beach was beautiful and the pool was great. All the staff at the Riu Taino were very friendly and accomodating. Anything you asked for they were able to get you. The only problem about going south was the flight to get there and back. Skyservice is disgusting. You are loaded into cattle cars with about 12 inches to spare between you and the seat in front of you and your knees are rubbing against the seat in front for the entire trip. The staff coming home were rude and more or less threw a boxed lunch at you. We certainly will stay in a Riu again. (this was our 3rd one) but we will try not to fly Skyservice.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Will go back next yeat My husband and I stayed two weeks at the Taino February 7 - February 21, 2004. I cannot begin to tell you what a wonderful resort this is. The rooms were great - very clean. The grounds around the resort are kept beautiful. To all the bartenders (especially Freddie and Alexis), the waiters, the maids, and the animation crew - what outstanding people. The turquoise blue water and the sand is absolutely amazing. There was alot to choose from the buffets, well presentedand good quality. Every eveining they prepared something different, pastas, shrimp, mussels,salmon. The morning breakfasts were wonderful. We had a great trip and can't wait to go back next year.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place- I would highly recommend! We stayed at the Riu Taino the first week of Feb. 2004. What a beautiful place! I loved everything. I have to admit when I read these reviews before going, I was a little hesitant about the place......but as usual now I realize that people are IDIOTS!!! I think most in general do not appreciate all that they have. The rooms were great - very clean. The food was great. A little bit of everything....and we did NOT get sick or even need the Immodium that we brought!! (We did learn that coconut milk is a natural diuretic, so drinking more than a couple Pina Coladas can make your stomach bad!! I am sure that is the others' problems!!)How great that you can go to all of the Riu's on the complex (except the Palace) and eat and drink. It was like a small city with stuff going on all over. I would highly recommend this resort to all. We had a very nice vacation!  
<Date>Mar 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I want to go back! We stayed a week at the Taino and had a blast! The staff was wonderful, the room was clean, the whole experience was great. It's not always just the surroundings that make the trip. We three couples had so much fun, it's impossible to explain. The room size was fine because who wants to spent a lot of time in the room? The whole idea of going to someplace warm in the winter is not to sit inside your room. It can't get better than sitting under palm trees near the ocean with warm breezes, and that sound of waves washing up on shore. Especially when you know you just got 12 inches of snow back home! There were new foods for us to experience. So we tasted them. Liked some of the stuff and didn't like some of it. But that's OK. The buffet had some of the same foods at night, but it seemed there was always a theme entree. Mexican night one night, even beef and ham. So you don't have to try everything the first night you're there. I liked the fried cheese at breakfast. Reminded me a little of cheese curds. (I am a Wisconsin girl.) We went snorkeling with the sharks, parasailing, and some of us even saw a whale! You wont regret this vacation. Just don't get hung up on no washcloths in the room, or what other people do. So some women are topless, and larger men wear speedos. Get over that and enjoy the time away from work and the responsibilities of life. This is your vacation. Make it worth while. When you get back home you may have to shovel snow, and you'll surely have to go back to work. So go to the Riu. All the places looked wonderful. We might try the Bambu next time. And if you happen to see Alexis at the bar say hi for me!  
<Date>Feb 25, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>5 star?? NO WAY We Could Not Find To Many Pictures Or Info On This resort, we went on advise of our travel agent, she said..for the money Youll never be abel to stay at a 5* hotel like this one.. she was right!! we had no extra towels, only one for each person in the room. they did not supply you with any wash chlothes,we had to rip hand towels to wash with the room was only addiquit ,one double bed one twin bed ..the room was very small and smelled musty when we complained the management sent people to our room to paint it, upon returing we discoverd our safe key we hid behind the mirror was gone so too was 80$ from our safe we complained and the manager said we probably spent it without relizing it... no way!!we knew exactly how much we had due to the extreme fixed income we were on.. but i cant prove anything. the staff were very friendly though and often went out of their way to try to accomindate us, we felt they were very sincere and caring.the food was ok but by no means 5* the drinks were always too strong but the beer was always cold. the beach made this whole trip worth while, it was simply beautiful the sand was white the water turquois blue, and there was alwaws a steady warm breeze. there were topless woman everywere and hundreds of seamingly overweight men walking around in skimpy g string thongs,not very pleasing to the eye unless of course you dig that sort of thing!! the entertainment was ok too but dimes to dollars youll get bored and leave 30 minutes into anything youll decide to stay for like we did, i mean i didnt spend 4000$ to play bingo!!! i dont mean to sound like we hated the place but we were very disipointed in how antiquated everything was and we were expecting so much more for the money we shelled out, you can bet we will do our homework much more extensivly next time we decide to book and will look much more closely at the oppions of the hotels former guests  
<Date>Feb 24, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Simply The Best ... Would return in a heartbeat!! We have just returned from a fabulous week at the RIU Taino resort (Feb. 5 - 12th, 2004)!! There were 13 of us (all female) and everyone left with a big smile on their face and yet a tear in the eye to be leaving such a great place! It was everything we wanted ... great food (only a few had stomach problems ... take your Imodium), the rooms were all immaculate, the staff is unbelievable ~ from the maids ... to the waiters... to the bar staff (especially Luis) ... Walter (always around the pool) and especially the young girls that keep the washrooms around the pool/bar area spotless ... they all work such long hours and are always so cheerful and eager to please, the beaches are super, the pool  swim up bar are great. Do yourself a favour and book a massage down at the beach $20 for 1/2 hr and wonderful!! So now we'll look at our pictures and remember the great time we had and dream about our next trip together!!  
<Date>Feb 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A wonderful family holiday!! My husband and I took our daughter,son-in-law and two year of grandson with us to the RIU Taino. We had a fabulous time. The rooms were very nice and very clean. The grounds were gorgeous as was the fine sand beach. We enjoyed being able to visit the other RIU properties and found the Caribbean shopping street to be a pleasant diversion on the one morning it rained. I cannot say enough about the animation staff who were so good with our little grandson. He was too young to join their children's club but he went to the kiddie disco every night and we danced with him and the other children. Wherever he went he was greeted with smiles and later as he got to know people, with hugs too. They have two seatings for dinner..one at 6:30 and the other at 8:30..and this represented the only problem we encountered. We arrived at 7:30 and wanted to get some food for our very hungry grandson. They would not allow daughter to go in and get him something to snack on until the next seating. I thought a little flexibility could have been shown in this circumstance. The food is plentiful, well presented, varied and of good quality. Every evening they have something special, such as shrimp, smoked salmon, mussels and so on. We had a wonderful family holiday.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous Resort Our family spent a week at the RIU Taino, February 6 to 13, and it was fabulous. Do not hesitate to stay at this resort. The rooms are well maintained and clean. The food at the buffet and restaurants was great. There was always a selection of chicken, pork, beef, fish, and pasta every night. One night they had fresh shrimp that they cooked in front of you. The resort was host to a lot of Germans, French, Americans and Canadians. We met a great couple from Winnipeg that was always full of life. The resort staff (Walter, Millie) was very attentive and fun. Freddy, the pool bartender was always fun to be around and made the greatest ?Coco-Locos?. Our two boys, 7  9 years old, had a great time. They enjoyed the Kids Club with Katy. They snorkeled all week in the pool and in the ocean. We saw angel fish, trumpet fish, and a ray, while snorkeling in front of the hotel. Take a banana with you when you snorkel to feed the fish. We did the Marinarium Tour, and we got to snorkel with sharks and rays. The kids loved the experience, and the boat ride was a lot of fun too. This vacation was a family vacation and we enjoyed it very much. We definitely want to go back (without the kids) to enjoy the ?Coco-Locos? to the fullest. You Baby!! Krista  Dave, Thornill.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Luba459
<Content>tHE Best Hotel I have EVER been at Rui Tiano is one of the best resorts i have been at. The rooms are beautiful with a maid that always leaves flowers by or bed or a chocolate. Everything at that hotel is about the guest. The workers are friendlier than ever and are at your ever need. Dont be scared, you will make a lot of friends. The pool, and ocean are beautiful. This resort is along side 4 other of it's sister resorts and you can travel freely from each. There are 5 shows at any givin night to attend. The shows are really good, and funny and beautiful. There is deffinatly a show for every single person. They have amazing water sports. Not a lot of places include everything, but they really do, and whatever they dont include, you can buy it for very cheap. Every night a bazaar comes to one of the 5 resorts and you can hagal items for just about any price. I think there were 2 or 3 resteraunts to attend but my party didn't even go to one because we were perfectly happy with the buffets, filling everyone's needs. I truely recomend this vacation for everyone. Everyone will love it!  
<Date>Feb 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Paradise My boyfriend and I went for a week's all inclusive. We absolutely loved everything about our place. The beaches were beautiful, the food was actually pretty good, the pool was awesome and we loved the nightly entrtainemnt. Th drinks on the other hand were very strong and a lot unlike ours. None the less, it was definately a place we wuld return again and again.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing We just got back from an amzing vacation. This hotel was the best. What really makes it is the people. You can not find better. Special thanks to Boca Chica, Jesus, Millie. Take advantage of the Scubacaribe. We found all the activities a blast We especially loved the snorkling. Take some bread down to the beach usually there's a school of fish there that you can feed. Looking forward to going back, already planning it for next year.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Exceptional Resort.. The Rui is an exceptional resort.. with beautiful beaches and a very friendly atmosphere..I had the privelege to befriend several European guys, K, W, and D. (371) If one of you is reading this, please contact me. I'd love to hear from you.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Riu Taino was great Our one week stay at the Riu Taino was fantastic. There were five of us in total, and it was our first vacation. We found the food to be good. The breakfast was amazing......bacon, sausage, sugar donuts, and best of all the french toast croisants....mmm. The lunch was not very good...I had fries every single day. It consisted of hamburgers, hot dogs, pizza and mostly leftovers from the previous night's dinner. For dinner there was a huge selection of food at the buffet. They had different theme nights all the time. I am a very picky eater and I was perfectly fine. Most importantly, none of us got sick. The good thing about the buffet restaraunt is that you pick your table the first night, and that's your table for the whole week. We enjoyed the buffet so we didnt even bother trying the other restaraunts. My parents later went to the Iberostar Bavaro for their anniversary, and my mom got REALLY sick. The staff was very very friendly, the nightly entertainment was a little amateur, but it kept you entertained. The bingo at night was fun. Everyday they had activities...water polo...water aerobics...and sometimes even competitions between the Canadians, Americans, Germans etc...which was always fun....GO CANADA! If you don't like loud music, then dont stay at the pool. At the pool, you were always fighting for a spot. We would go put our towels down before we went to eat breakfast, I suggest you do the same. The towels were a little rough, but hey, you were given towels. The beach was great, the sand and water was gorgeous....however the water was a little choppy, and for someone who can't swim, it kind of scared me a little! There was usually a nice breeze at the beach. A downside to the beach is that you can't get any huts, there is no escaping the sunlight. Last but not least the rooms....they were a little far from the pool and restaraunts but I enjoyed the walk. They were kept very clean...however I noticed that the flowers the maids put on the counters and such had lots of little bugs coming from them, so we always threw them away immediately. But we did not find anything disgusting...so we were pleased. We found the Riu Taino to be absolutely fantastic, and we'll be at the Riu Caribe in Cancun, Mexico in about a week :) I'll keep you posted on that too. Well there you go, that's my review....if you're planning a vacation that consists of sitting back and relaxing, the Taino is a good place to go!!!  
<Date>Jan 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Tropical Paradise This place was fantastic. A virtual tropical paradise. More than I would have expected. We (my husband, and twin 18 year old daughters) just spent a week there. The staff was always smiling and ready to help, the food was fantastic, with hundreds of choices so all you people complaining there was no variety, well you could go a week and not eat the same thing twice. You could drink 20 hours a day (although I'm not a drinker), but the fruit juices are phenomenal. The animation staff are friendly, tireless and always helpful and extremely amusing. The shows are entertaining and often hilarious. The place is spotless. Rooms are so thoroughly cleaned, North American hotels should take cleaning lessons from these people. Even the pool area and beachfront are meticulously cleaned every morning. All in all, I would go back in a second. We all felt it was money well spent. You didn't have a care all week, just totally relaxing. We are all runners, and you could run along the beach, it went for miles, however it certainly is not the easiest beach to run on, so often I would run up and down Caribbean Street (2K return trip). The little gym could use an overhaul, it is retro '60s, but what the heck, we're on vacation, and nothing beats running out by the ocean. If we go back to Punta Cana next year, I would definitely consider going back to the Riu.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Didn't want to leave!!! Just returned from the Riu Taino in Punta Cana. We were a party of six, including my 2 kids, 27 yrs and my parents and husband. I know I can speak for all of us when I say we had a spectacular time!! The hotel was so accomodating to our every need. The staff are incredible, although they are not all fluent in English. But, if you need a staff member who does speak english, it could always be found. The animation (entertainment) team were fantastic. They keep you busy all day long, whether it is the dancing by the pool, water aerobics or the shows at night-which are amazing! The beach is beautiful and clean, sand is powder-like soft. No of us got sick. We enjoyed the food, although the Riu Bambo has a better bufffet selection (we went there sometimes). We brushed our teeth with filtered water and never drank from the tap. They wash all food in filtered water and use it in all the cooking as well. There was always a big jug of bottled water in the room. If you want to take water to the pool, bring your own small bottle to refill each day. We never used our bug spray, and we didn't see any bugs. We did see little lizards around but never anything in our rooms-which are kept super clean.All in all we had a fantastic time and would certainly go back to any Riu hotel.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay away from RIU Resorts We were booked into Riu Taino for the week. We arrived there at 11pm, in a lobby stuck in 1960-no high ceilings, bright colors, birds (all of the nice touches that make you feel that you are on vacation). We were then pointed to the food which was leftover shrivelled up Hot Dogs and dried out Hamburgers. We then were told there was also food at the Disco outside. We went there and the chicken was very good but we had to pay for that and the drinks (what about the all-inclusive?) Then we went to the Riu Palce (The only place that looked civilized) and were told that we could not have a drink there.Then we went to the room and it had a bed from Motel 6. Oh, we also had seperate beds. The next morning, we awaken to what looked like a zoo. I felt like I was back home at Jones Beach on Long Island. Hundreds of people on the beach, competing for space and making big noise. Not relaxing or what I expect on a vacation. Luckily, we booked with Apple Vacations and when we went to the orientation the next morning, for $50 a day per person extra we were able to upgrade to SECRETS EXCELLENCE! We had originally thought of this place when we booked our trip but thought it would lack variety because it was secluded and you could not share with other resorts (the stupid reason we booked Riu Taino). Secrets was just what my wife and I were looking for on our week away. We were greeted by a beautiful entrance and a lobby filled with open air and water flowing everywhere. We were greeted by the staff in pith helmets(nice touch) and were made to feel special. My worries of no variety could not have been further from the truth. I stayed busy the entire time there: tennis, tennis lessons, tennis tournament,billiards tournament, ping pong,massages, horseback riding, bike tour, afternoon games for prizes, swimming, swim up bar, the gym, the sauna, the steam room, the disco, the evening shows, casino, volleyball, 7 dinners in 7 restaurants (sit down meals) no buffets or long waits for dinner. In short I stayed occupied and was never bored and it was not a battle for chairs at the pool. The long winding pool leaves plenty of room for everyone. Its not one of those noisy square pools with music blasting and kids screaming. It was civilized but not dull or lifeless. I kept saying out loud, I love This Place. Drinks were all top shelf and the service was friendly. Get the Coco Loco; They have fresh coconuts and serve you the drink using the actual coconut and its juice. We never left the property and we loved the environment. The Sports Bar area was always full of games and fun if you want it and there were many quiet spots as well. We did a great Horse Ride through the palm tree area near the resort and it was included in the price. It was wonderful. If you want to escape the crowds, still stay active, enjoy a variety of cuisine, spend quality time with your spouse, all at a decent price and still feel special GO TO SECRETS EXCELLENCE. SPEND THE XTRA CASH. DONT BE CHEAP- YOU ONLY GET SO MANY VACATIONS IN YOUR LIFETIME WITH YOUR LOVED ONE. DO IT RIGHT DO IT NOW HAVE FUN! 'Nuff said!  
<Date>Dec 7, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Everything we hoped for! My wife and I recently stayed for two weeks at the Riu Taino, which we chose after comparing several resorts by their services and amenities, photos, and customer reviews. We were looking for a place where we could relax full-time, and where our most difficult decisions would involve nothing more stressful than whether to sleep in or get up early and watch the sunrise, whether to go swimming or have another pina colada, or whether to try the pasta or the grilled fish. For us the Taino turned out to be ideal.You'll find Riu Taino's services and accommodations listed in the travel sites, but here are some local observations.The unfavourable food reviews (which were often disappointingly vague), concerned us only until we arrived and sat down to our first meal. From that point on we ate happily and well. The selection and all-you-can-eat amplitude were certainly superior to what most people keep in their fridges and cupboards at home. One would be challenged to find a buffet anywhere capable of meeting everyone's tastes or dietary requirements, and perhaps the disgruntled reviewers are accustomed to either the very highest or the very lowest standards of cuisine. We were pleasantly satisfied with the high-end of in-between (a variety of choices both standard and unusual from among all the food-groups), and our only regret is that after two weeks we still hadn't managed to sample everything on offer. We strictly observed the warnings to not drink the tap water or even use it for tooth-brushing, and suffered no traveller's flu at all.The social atmosphere in the main building is relaxed; informal but not utterly casual. T-shirts and shorts are okay in the dining room except at dinnertime, when men are expected to wear long pants and shirts that cover the shoulders. Otherwise it's customary for guests (men and women alike) to spend their days half-naked. It is after all a hot country. Travellers to the Dominican Republic who speak only English should not expect absolutely fluent English in their hosts. That said, we had no communication problems when talking with the front-desk staff or with the travel representatives who maintain a desk nearby. The entertainment or animation staff around the pool and the beach spoke a limited but very enthusiastic mix of Spanish, English, French, and German. (German was by far the most common tongue we heard spoken among the guests.) The staff charged with table-service, room-cleaning, and grounds-keeping speak little or no English but are very good at their jobs. (The grounds-keepers let their machetes do the talking; they're particularly adroit at turning a fallen coconut into a drinking vessel in a matter of seconds.) We bought an inexpensive pocket-sized Langenscheidt Spanish-English dictionary at the small shop in the reception area, which was occasionally useful for making small-talk with some of the staff. Better still would be if we'd taken a few Spanish lessons in advance of our trip. Despite the language barrier we found the staff to be gracious, good-humoured and open, and wished that we could return their courtesy with more than a friendly nod and gesture.The weather and climate were phenomenal. Hot in the sun but perfect in the shade. A constant breeze blew day and night off the ocean, tempering the heat and humidity. In our room we relied on air-conditioning and a ceiling fan. But if you prefer to be struck senseless by tropical heat you have only to recline unsheltered on the beach or to sit on the private balcony adjoining your room. From there you can watch small lizards scurry among the lush abundance of palms and extravagantly-leaved plants (and, if you share my sensibilities, wish that you'd brought some nature books along for the trip). I was thrilled when a leaping tree-frog narrowly missed my head one evening as I was leaving our room. My wife was thrilled at the near-total absence of troublesome bugs. Neither of us felt ambitious enough to try snorkeling, much less scuba-diving, but we understand that there's much to be seen underwater just a few yards offshore. The surf breaks twice: first and most emphatically where it hits the shallows about two hundred yards out; then again, and more gently, where it finally rolls up onto the beach. These are manageable waves and good for adventurous children who might want to learn how to body-surf. In fact the resort is children-friendly and there were several families with young kids about. A word of caution though: the lifeguard stations on the beach were never occupied.Our room was bright and well-serviced but we were surprised to discover a double and a single bed within, not exactly what we had in mind for our belated honeymoon. We pushed the beds together and contented ourselves with that. The cleaning-staff seemed content as well and didn't correct our timid renovation for the duration of our stay, but the arrangement was awkward and we'd advise that you sort this sort of thing out with your agent or with the hotel beforehand if you want to spend some quality time nuzzling comfortably with your sweetheart after the sun goes down. If you need more inspiration you can tune into the porn channel on the TV, which begins broadcasting after 1:00 am or so. There are several local channels in Spanish and perhaps a half-dozen US channels including a sports network, a couple of movie networks, and a comedy network called 'CNN' that runs the same gag twenty-four hours a day: a perpetual spoof of televised news reportage.In theory you don't need your wallet once you've paid for your all-inclusive vacation and climbed aboard the plane. In practice you'll be expected to tip the bus driver who takes you from the airport to the resort, and you'll likely want to tip the porter who brings your bags to your room. To get that far you're best advised to shell out American dollars. Keep some small bills on hand to spare everyone the trouble of making change. From there on in everything's tip-free unless you feel otherwise inclined. But you can always find ways to spend money. The shops on Caribbean Street and the local flea-market vendors accept either US dollars or Dominican pesos. It's more fun to deal with the vendors, who are artfully just shy of aggressive and who don't mind to haggle. With a little pluck and some polite persistence you're bound to settle on a price you know you can afford, whether for jewellery, cigars, beach-wear or native art. Be aware that the Taino and its neighbouring Riu resorts offer no banking facilities. If you run out of cash you may have to hike eastward along the beach to the nearby Iberostar hotel, which has a bank that keeps somewhat murky hours. At the Iberostar at midday you can amuse yourself watching several pink flamingos pick their way through a tranquil pond while you wait for the bank clerk to return from lunch. You can bring whatever currency you like into the bank (traveller's cheques, credit cards, gold bullion - whatever) but you can convert it only into pesos. Also remember that you'll be required to pay a departure fee of $20 US (or the equivalent in pesos) per person before you board the plane for home.The only lowpoint of our vacation was self-inflicted and bears no reflection on the hotel services and staff. In our last-minute haste to pack for the trip we neglected to bring enough of the prescription drugs my wife requires daily for the treatment of a medical condition. These drugs were not available at the resort's small clinic or pharmacy, nor even at the nearest hospital several miles away. In the end we had to have the prescription sent by Fed-Ex from Toronto to Santo Domingo, the nation's capital and apparently Fed-Ex's only official Dominican destination. From Santo Domingo it had to travel by local courier to another city nearer to the resort, and from there it had to be forwarded by taxi. These complicated arrangements with various shippers outside the resort might have been impossible but for the extremely patient and generous help we received from Melvin, our Dominican Suntours/Alba representative, who spent hours on the phone interpreting on our behalf. We owe him an enormous debt of gratitude and hope that he never again has to deal with vacationers as reckless as ourselves. Don't leave home without your medication or anything else you absolutely need, and don't forget medical insurance.Apart from our own oversights we enjoyed a wonderful, restful, rejuvenating vacation. The weather was fantastic, the food and the swimming were excellent, and the staff were warmly accommodating. All in all the trip was great value for the money, and we wouldn't hesitate to return.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>taino is tops WOW! what a fantastic 2 weeks spent at the riu taino. loved the hotel, wonderful beach, friendly staff, we just had an overall great time. the dominicans just love the canadians and try to make the stay even more enjoyable. they love practicing their english with you. can't make any judgement calls on the food, we don't go on vacation to be food critics, there was lots of food and quite a variety. we didn't get sick which is a good thing, especially since we were told before we left, that everyone gets sick in the D.R. we had no rain, lots of sunshine and met lots of other satisfied canadians and partied with them in the evenings. all i can say is that we loved it and highly recommend the taino to anyone.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Feed the fishes!!!!! What a delight! For the past 12 months, I have been to Manzanillo, Cuba; Riu Jalisco in P. Vallarta and recently returned from Riu Taino at P.C. Comparing all 3, Riu Taino is the best trip so far. Check in: There's no wait. Eventhough there was about 10 of us, probably, the longest wait was 5 minutes. One evening we were relaxing at the lobby and noticed a bus of Germans coming in. Within less than 10 mins, everyone had their rooms and were gone. Room numbers are preassigned, and ready. Room: We sent an email earlier to request for specific rooms but found out later that they had not gotten the email. We were put at 741 which was quite a distance walking. Imagine the buildings (houses 4) are arranged in a grid formation away from the hotel. And if you happened to be at one of the last ones, it can get pretty far. Not sure if that's good or bad considering the amount of food you'll be eating! The exercise might do you good. However, we changed our rooms the next afternoon (at 1:00) and was given a better location (224). A/C in both the rooms worked well. No problems with water pressure, sink, nothing. Rooms are kept very clean. we tipped $2.00 a day. We got more than enough bottled water to gargle and brush our teeth, and drink since most of the time we're out of the room anyway. Honeymoon suite has a separate living quarter with a king size bed in the bedroom. Regular rooms are usually 1 double and 1 single. 3 pillows. I suggest if you're a picky sleeper like myself, bring your own feather pillow to sleep on. Occassionally we noticed a few ants here and there, and that's only because we left some of our sweet drinks on the nightstand. No big whoop.. small ants won't kill you. Clean, comfortable, good size for 2 person. Safe works and it's free so use it, of course common sense dictates that you don't leave your $100 watch in clear sight or your stash of cash lying around. Restaurants: Oh so many!! stay 1, play 4 is awesome. You can wonder off to the beach somewhere and when you're hungry, just drop by any restaurants (other than Palace) which is what we usually do (for lunch) Breakfast and dinner you have to be at your own restaurant. BUT, if you decide to go elsewhere for breakfast, no ones gonna know or stop you. There's no band on your hand except for palace. Breakfast has no preassigned seats either (dinner does). I recommend outside. It's cooler, nicer ambience. I liked the Melao's restaurants (outdoor is next to the main dining retaurant) for lunch. It's closer to the nicer part of Riu's beach, it's nothing fancy but food are pretty similar in all Riu's although if you're really picky about it, Bambu is slightly better than Taino is slightly better than Melao is slightly better than Naiboa. Over at Taino (next to Melao) there're 3 restaurants to choose from. The pizza house which is a pink building (but serves variety of food not only pizza), the main dining room and of course the outdoor restaurant. I noticed of all the restaurants, only the Pizza house serves seafood pealla (sp?) or chicken pealla. It's a form of rice cooked in seafood or chicken which is amazing. Go early, at 12, where it is hot. Sooo good. Sometimes, we took some paella and brought it over to the main dining. You can do anything you want. Lunch at Naiboa is average. Since not many ppl. there, food tend to be sitting for a while before it was replenished. Staff are friendly. I had zero problem with the food EXCEPT the soup is slightly too salty for me. Lots of variety to choose from. For ex. during dinner, there's ALWAYS chicken, beef, fish, pork, more fish, mussels, veal, cooked differently. Of course if you attempt to eat all of them everyday, naturally you would complain about why is the food always the same! And on top of that, they have carving stations, or hot pot stations (2 shirmp night, 1 curry night, 1 lobster night) Tues is Mexico night and Sat is DR night. Don't miss it. Be adventurous, try new things is my advice. If you're going to stick with your french fries and pan fried chicken breast then, it's really your loss. We tipped $2.00 each night for dinner. Service was good. We bought gifts (hats) for Aurelia at the pizza restaurant in Taino. One day, I was squeezing limes to make lemonade, she say me and insist I give her the peels and she threw it. Before I knew it, she was next to me again with a napkin. (this is before we even tip anything). Doesn't hurt to smile and be nice. One thing I was really shamed by fellow Canadians was this. During dinners, occassionally, they will be ppl. coming over to your table and serenade a song or two. All 3 couples did not bother to tip. I thought that was rude. I suggest if you have no money with you, at least say no thank you. If you don't tip the waiter or the room cleaning ladies, at least tip the singers. How rude!Beach: Excellent. Clear water on the first 3 days, semi clear on the remaining 3 days. Beach over at Melao and Taino are better than Bambu or Palace. Naiboa is not on the beachfront. Early morning we wake up and feed the fishes. Yes!! Grab a couple of buns or banana from the restaurants and feed the fish. Soooooo much fun. we saw about 7 or 8 kinds (3 with colors). As you walk out of Taino (watch out for the entertainment hall). Walk directly from the entertainment hall towards the beach and don't deviate. You'll come across some rocks (small part of beach is rocky) in the water. Go out to maybe shoulder height and enjoy! Best time is before 9 30 if you want to see colored ones. Sand is like butter on the beach. Pools: Naiboa! Good size, clean and quiet. If you want a quiet day by the pool, check out Naiboa. Shopping: They tell you that flea market is cheaper than Carribean street. Which is also a nice comfortable walk, about 10 mins from Taino. Bought a painting (about 3.5 feet by1.5 feet) for $45. Went to the my local print shop and he told me last night, it's a good quality oil painting. For that size, if you offer $20 (which we did initially) they'll say, go home! Now over at the carribean street it's about $90. We got some masks, some wooden figurines thingy as well. Carribean street is a host of shops in Riu compound. On Friday, it's street party. You have the Riu parade as well. Extremely chic tacky! very cool. Entertainment (animicion) Bambu has outdoors stage which I liked better. So most of the nights we went there. Entertainment wise, ... hey you can only do so much. Nothing special except one night where they had invited guest dancers and it was awesome. OTher than that, it was fun everynight. Lots of skits if you're into that. Flight/immigration: Skyservice now charges for their drinks as of Sept. 1. $1 for soda or bottle water. you want regular water, we can get it from the toilet tap if you like! and it comes with a big smile. If you've never been on skysevice, you should be aware that the seats are very tight. We had bistro style dinners and lunches. Meaning cold food - bread , salad, etc. Coffee and tea is free. No movies, TV broken it seems.Immigration and custom was a breeze. My passport is expired and was renewed. I left it on the expired page since that's where my picture is, and no problemo, didnt bother to check for the other pages for renewal :) Telephone: I don't know where's the number now, but there's a 1866 number to call the resort from North America to reach a guest. If the guests not in the room, no message, but feel free to call back later. Misc:Don't forget to pack yourself some food if you're gonna wait a while at the airport. a bottle of soda is $3, pringles, like $6... you get the idea. We bought mugs didnt even needed them since the bars are so close anywhere imaginable. Email me if you need more information  
<Date>Oct 1, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>10 Thumbs up!!!!!! Have to say, this trip by far came out to be better then what I had ever expected. I went with my mom on September 13th 2003 - September 20th 2003. Some of these bad review are just unreasonable. You must be the pickiest person to think that this hotel isn't great. The animation team was amazing, they work from 9am - 12am everyday 7 days a week, and they are very hard workers. The shows were funny. There was always something to do, dancing, sports, playing all kinds of games. They people are friendly. Ladies watch out, the men will always ask you to go out to the disco (LOL) I got a lot of that while I was there, but never actually went. Any how, I went to see all of the Rius, Palace was very beautiful, but just not my style, Bambu was amazing, I thought it was nicer then Palace, Niboa was alright simple and nice and then Malao, I didn't like it very much, I would say it was a 3 star from what I saw. I would recommend Taino or Bambu in my opinion. The food was ok out at the pool bar La bamba, hamburgers, fries, Pizza, pasta, same old, but at restaurant inside it's much nicer. I didn't get sick while I was there, other then a stuffy nose no big deal. The weather was amazing, we got 2 days of rain, half day that is. On Thursdays they have carnival night, it was good weather till it rained, I loved it cause I was dancing with the animation team in the rain it was amazing. The hotel room was ok, no complaints, we changed rooms, the second room was nicer then the first, the AC worked fine. The maid never shut off our AC. Now the beach is breath taking. It is the most beautiful beach I have ever seen, warm water, white sand. It was always clean. To sum this up, it was Paradise; I am planning to go back in May 2004. I want to say thank you to Antonio, Jay, Romeo, Rafael, Eduardo, Nino and the rest of the team, with out all of you my vacation wouldn't be the same. You guys are the best, and hope to see you all again next year!  
<Date>Sep 29, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Delight of a Vacation This pass summer my family and I had a wonderful time during our vacation. My girls enjoyed the shows, kids camp, and the food. We enjoyed the beaches and and the tours we took. We are planning another trip in sometime soon. The animaion crew was Excellent! They were very very friendly. The staf was great. If you are planning a trip ti Riu please do so.Enjoy your trip.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>windrifter
<Content>One of Caribbeans finer resorts Having spent vacations in many caribbean islands I really have to give the Riu people a big thumbs up and a round of applause! These people really know what the service industry is all about. By this, I mean sastifying their customer. Their location and beach in Punta Cana is comparable to some of the most exclusive islands. So is their quality of service! In fact I was extremely impressed by the attitude of the staff who not only gave service with a smile but seemed to enjoy their work and cameradie with each othermaking you feel extremely welcome. The entertainment was was a bonus with a different show every night for the 2 weeks we stayed and very well done. The food was excellent and catering to a more european clientelle has made their menu selections much more varied than other places in this price category . How many places can you have a choice running the gamut from Spanish Paella to grilled hot dogs .All said and done this place has a friendly and relaxed atmosphere of congeniality. I visited here in April/03 and will be returning in Nov/03 I guess that says it all!!  
<Date>Sep 6, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A virtual paradise We took our three daughters (17-23) for school break in Feb 2001. It was the best holiday ever. The hotel was super clean, the food fantastic and the coffee was to die for. If you have been to Paris and love the coffee there then you will know what I mean. We are going back to this hotel this winter and look forward to that coffee. I am a runner and would run 10 km every morning and it is the only beach I have ever run in my bare feet and not have to worry about debris or washed up denizens. We loved this hotel because it is not a high rise and glitzy, but charming , well mainicured grounds etc. If you want glitz visit the sister hotel next door for casinos etc. Another thing that makes this place special is that you can stand on the beach and pretty much see only beach and palms and not the hotels, so much nicer than seeing high rises. I would recommend this hotel to anyone without hesitation. If you go you will love it.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2003
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nice place to stay  Just returned from Riu Taino yesterday! Great vacation if you like heat and humidity! Very hot! Make sure you're air conditioner works well in your room, because it is the only place that is air conditioned! Unless of course you are a gambler and you end up in the casino which is nicely air conditioned! Don't mind the VERY RUDY Europeans! They have no common courtesy! They'll cut in front of you at the buffet line and at the bars.Other than that, the pools are very nice and the Taino has a swim up bar! Don't mind the kids though! It's tough to get a drink let alone tough to get alcohol in it. If you don't speak the language well you might as well forget about getting served right away also. Americans are put on the back burner down there. I don't know how this is because we are the only ones that tip. It's not worth tipping!  
<Date>Aug 26, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best holiday ever ---Hands down Just got back from the RIU Taino. The food was excellent, the rooms were immaculate, and the staff was super friendly. The entertainment team was fabulous...so full of energy and life. There are many different activites and excursions to choose from. One to definitely put on your list.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Best Hi. I went to Rio Taino in June. I took my husband, my baby of 18 months and my 2 aunts with 60 years old. We loved it, all of us. The food is good, the crew is the best and the animation team is very good, too. They were very care with the baby and he loved the place! The beach is just there, is not too big. There is plenty of space for the kids. Once i go back i think i will go to Rio Taino again. The only thing is that they dont have proper food for the kids. But i suggested that to the managers and they said they would tell the administration. JUST LOVED IT!  
<Date>Aug 13, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>RIU Punta Cana is Paradise Hi to everybody interested in RIU TAINO, back after two weeks I' ll let you know how it was. Flight from Duesseldorf was right in time and after a short trip with the bus (app. 30 min.) we arrived at Taino. Check in without any problems, very friendly staff and a nice welcome-cocktail. Speaking english or german is no problem for them. We had a very nice room, well furnished on 2nd floor, nice view into the garden with tall palmtrees and other tropical plants. Located only 2 minutes from the pool, from the restaurants and the beach (partly seawheed, but staff is collecting it in the morning) we felt really happy. The whole day are nice drinks and fantastic food in different restaurants (even burgers and pizza...) available. Long walks on the beach, snorkeling and other watersports-offers from Taino are a gurantee for relaxing days on the water and under palms. It's a very international hotel and so we've met people from Austria, France, Italy, Argentina, USA, Italy, etc. So all we can say is, that we've had two fantastic weeks and still thinking that part of Dom.Rep. must be paradise.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>carlycunn
<Content>Just returned 6/18/03 - Great Time @ Taino My friend and I recently vacationed at Riu Taino, Dominican Republic. We had a fabulous time. She and I are single women (Ages 30 and 31). We booked our trip through Apple Vacations. We couldn't have been more pleased with the arrival and departure  the care the Apple representatives took to keep us informed during our stay. Our arrival was non-eventful, smooth. We had orginally booked our trip at Riu Naiboa but we were upgraded because the hotel was overbooked. When we arrived at Riu Taino, we had the pleasure of having Mejia at the reception desk be the person who checked us in. He was a joy! We requested a closer room to the beach the day we checked-in. Mejia arranged a new room for us the very next day. (Buidlings 27 and 28 are closest to the beach .. We were in room 343  it was a great location as well). Once we got settled into our new room, we were happy to find that he had sent us 2 bottles of rum and 2 souvenirs as well as a plate of delicious fruit to our new room. The pool and beach are beautiful. I went with hopes of getting a great tan. I'm happy to say I got it without much effort :-). The weather was great! It only rained one night at like 2am when I was fast asleep. We were there 8 days / 7nights. I was concerned about the weather because I had been monitoring the forecast on ... We learned after we got there that those forecasts primarily apply more to the inland than the coast. So, if you're watching the forecast and it says cloudy or rain, don't be too concerned. The forecast before we left said cloudy and showers every day. It was sunny every day with a few hours of overcast here and there. If your stay will include a Thursday night, you'll enjoy the activities on Carribean Street. The animation teams from each of the hotels bring the show to the street. Carribean Street is a nice touch to the resort. We also visited the vendors down the beach. I read alot of reviews saying that they are aggressive. I've been to Jamaica, St. Thomas, St. Maarten  found those vendors to be more aggressive. They are persistent but I walked right by many shops without any problem. If you're going to buy from the vendor (which I certainly did), be persistent  negotiate. When you ask how much, they will often ask how much you want to give .. start low no matter how ridiculous it seems. You'll be able to bargain better that way. Make sure you take smaller bills ($10, $5, $1) when visiting the vendors. My friend also went to Wal-Mart and purchased a few $5 wathces and used those as bargaining tools. It worked! We took the OUTBACK Safari tour  I highly recommend it. It's a great way to see the countryside, learn about the culture, and have fun at the same time. It's well worth the cost. The activity around the pool was fun. I didn't really do any of those activities until the day before we left. I was too busy on the beach :-) .. But, if you're there long enough try to get in some dance lessons, acqua gym .. The animation team is like everyone has said .. great! We did tip every now and then (i.e. tour driver, transfer driver from / to airport, baggage handler). We left small trinkets for the housekeeper daily (perfumed lotions, sprays, etc.). Our room was clean. The grounds are really a sight to see. There is one twin bed  one double bed. My friend and I alternated each night. Don't forget to pack wash clothes. There aren't any in the room. Now .. to the food .. which is always a concern. We didn't drink the tap water. I've gone to all inclusive resorts before. After a while, you can become bored with the buffet and the food.It's not an indication (to me) on the quality of food or service. It's just that after a while eating the same things over and over again become boring and dull. If my stay had been shorter, I may not have run into this problem. Breakfast was good. We packed Immodium and other things as preventative measure. I'm glad we had it because we needed it. I became sick on the fifth day of my stay. I stayed in the room all day  medicated myself - eating very little (Sprite and breads). I don't know that it was the food as much as it might have been my greediness .. (mixing all kinds of foods together). My friend also became sick. But, it wasn't enough to ruin or spoil our trip. We didn't let it dampen our enjoyment of Punta Cana. On a scale of one to five, I rate this resort a 4 - 4.5. I will eventually return. I had a splendid time!Don't let the bad reviews worry you. Most of the people we met and talked to there were quite pleased.Another thing to note -- Many of the reviews said that if you pay in American money, you'll get Peso in return/change. This is the case at the resort. However, outside the resort, we found that if we asked in advance if they'd give us US Dollar as change - we got it.It seems that families partiuclarly enjoyed the trip .. I saw lots of happy kids.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great animation, great place We just returned from Punta Cana on June 22, 2003. We did not stay at the Riu Taino but spent all our days there. Beautiful pool with a bar inside it. Very beautiful lobby and dinning room, excellent food. We would like to thank Tiko and Romeo for saving our vacation. Great animation, dancing and singing!!! See you next time!  
<Date>Jun 25, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it! This was our first vacation with my daughter (she is almost 3) and we were a bit worried about her getting sick. We were there from June 7 to June 14 and we had a great time! If you were there you probably remember a little girl with long hair peeing in the pool shower! Believe me, I was very embarrased!! Anyways, we thought it was paradise. Total relaxation. The rooms were very clean. Dinner was good, mexican night was my son's favourite. Breakfast was great too, lunch we just did by the pool. Everyone was so nice, it's almost sad leaving them like you were leaving close friends and family. My kids played all day long and my son went on the paddle boats, kayak, snorkeling, banana boat (not included) and I got a great tan without even trying, just watching my kids play by the ocean. The water is super clean and the sand is like powder. I would definitely go back.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>All Inclusive is the way to go We stayed at Riu Taino from June 7-12. This was my first trip out of the country, so landing at this airport, which practically is just a grass hut, was awesome!!!! Our flight was delayed almost four hours from OHare, so we didn't even land until about 11:30 pm, which sucked, because it made it hard to see this beautiful island, and filling out those tourist cards in the dark was not the easiest task. When we arrived at Taino, it was completely dead, about 12:30am, so check in took about 30 seconds. I love how the lobby has no doors or windows, totally open. The thing I'll always remember is HOW CLEAN they keep everything. The grounds are amazingly spotless and every last bush and plant are pruned to perfection. They also keep the beaches very clean. Our first day there, we walked the beach to the orientation meeting (waste of time) and got lost on our way back. Everything looks the same from the beach!!! Every person we tried asking for directions back to Taino could not help us, as nobody speaks any English there. That is my only complaint, that they should know enough English to accompony vacationers. I was estatic to be topless on the beach, and didn't feel weird about it cause everyone else is doing it too. A lot of thongs too. The pool is absolutely amazing, very cool swim up bar. The all inclusive liquor made the trip, as I know I alone would have spent a few hundred dollars just in booze. The booze is different though, it's their own, no Absolute or Jack down there so don't even ask. It tasts different, but not bad. The OJ is more of a OJ/Mango mix. You room mini bar gets stocked every two days. The food is very good in the main dining room. But, if you want to keep it very casual, La Bamba bar/grill is pretty good too. They put green peppers in just about everything. People start to fill the pool area by 6-7 am, so if you want a lawn chair, get there early. I couldnt believe the amount of people in speedos and bikinis, who were very overweight. Humm, I'm sure they would have never wore that in their neighborhood. I love the little lizards running around everywhere! I love the African Masks I picked up there. There are some really nice treasures to be found there. Everyone I managed to talk to (very few) all said they had diarreah, and I didn't drink the water. I did drink a lot of booze though, all day long. I've been home 12 days and my stomach is still messed up somewhat. Willy and Abel at La Bamba were great, always remembered what I drank. Oh yeah, sand is everywhere, lol! I don't care how many times you shower, you still have sand on you, it's funny. Know how to count Pesos before you enter the store. Ladies, leave your make-up and blow dryers at home. It's too hot for make-up and you'll just sweat it off within 5 minutes and your hair, well lets just say 100% humidity. Just bring some gel and thats it. I could not find one shell on the beach, bummer. I hated to leave, as I love the tropics. The Punta Cana airport is a smoking airport, very cool. Not like OHare, where they want you there two hours before take off and they cant even give you one smoking room. I loved Punta Cana and would definately go back. Good value too. Our trip was only 583.00 per person for 5 days thru Apple vacations. You'll have a great time.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Maravilloso Hola,i was there taino is the best.The food excel. The Hotel very good,pool,ocean clear water,paradise.But the best was the staff,to Julio,francis,Tico,RUBEN,Jesus,and MOSQUITO, thank for you well done work,the hotel need to take care, this person work so good that they need more attencion(more money)and a better place to live.Thank muchachos,my Fam.will never forget this vacation.I will comeback the nexts summer 100%.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Trip I just got back from the Riu Taino two days ago and the person who wrote from Pittsburgh, PA who wrote on April 27th review was right on the money. Print that review out and take it with you if you plan on going.I went with my girlfriend and my parents and we had an absolutly wonderful time. The staff is amazing. They are so energetic and fun to be around. During the day they have all kinds of activities that include, aerobics on the beach, water polo, soccer on the beach, ping-pong tournament, dance lessons by the pool, water aerobics, etc. etc. etc.The food was very good for the most part. There were plenty of choices. The two a-la-carte restaurants were average. I found the food better at the buffet restaurant in the hotel.The beach is simply beautiful and there is incredible snorkling right off the beach where we saw many specicies of exotic fish and a octopus. There were a lot of Europeans and many women went topless.Yes. I did get sick. But that was because I accidently used the hotel water to brush my teeth and because I drank a lot of booze the entire trip. However, if you are careful, this can be avoided.My impression of the Riu Taino was that it was a younger more fun Riu out of the Riu hotels in Punta Cana. There were a lot of younger couples, and honeymooners. Also, it is very close to the beach. Whereas other Riu hotels were set back further from the beach. It is also next to Caribbean Street that has a bunch of stores and the Pachu Disco as well as the Casino that is part of the Riu Palace.Rooms. The rooms were nice and clean. Nothing fancy. I travel a lot for work and I thought the rooms were great.I would definately go back to Punta Cana and if you are doing your research, I would strongly recommend the Riu Taino.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Punta Canta great place! I had a wonderful 7 nights vacation in the Dominican Republic. The staff is wonderful and very friendly. Missing Jesus and Alexis's smiling faces at the Rui Taino. The rooms were nice. The only downfall on the room was after the maids came and cleaned they would shut off the air conditioning to the room. It is very humid and hot but you can always cool off in the ocean or the pool. The food is good too. Alot of variety and the fruits are delicious. Overall, my vacation was great and I highly recommend you visit Punta Cana if you get the opportunity.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing! Fifteen of us stayed at the RIU Taino from April 26 to May 03, 2003 and loved it! The food was good but the buffet did get aliitle old by the end of the week. The specialty restaurants were great and a nice change from the buffet. The pool is very nice with a great swim up bar. There were lots of activities to choose from if you wanted to which kept us all busy. The rooms are a good size with a stocked mini bar. There was abit of a language barrier at some of the restaurants and at the evening show but we got by alright. The only problem we had was that someone stole my roomates necklace and $100USD from our room. Besides that we thought the resort was great. It is more laid back than the Bambu or the Palace which suited our group. I would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>May 15, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Riu Taino was a disappointment We stayed (myself, wife and 9 year old) at Riu Taino from April 7 to 14th of 2003 and we regretted our choice of vacation for this year. This places needs improvement in the training of its staff (entertainment, kitchen staff, servers, and especially front desk). The staff's english language skills leave a lot to be desired, as thus the food at Riu Taino. Dinner and the food at the Mediterraneo restaurant was mediocre - the place had the atmosphere of a wake!! The service at the especialty restaurants was really bad (they don't know what they are doing!!!), and so was the food at our daily buffett restaurant. The food at the Riu Bambu was of better quality but i managed to find a clump of hair and a piece of plastic wrapping in mine and in my son's food. The beach was beautiful though, but there was not much to do at the Taino, other than go to the Riu Bambu for the nicer pool and better facilities. The rooms were small( and old) and in need of improvement, especially around the small shower area.The front desk staff seemed unknowledgeable, and frankly appeared aloof at a lot of the time. They definetely need training. I talked to people (I speak an okay Spanish and they let me know of their deficiencies, so to speak).When may family compares this place with last year at another Riu Hotel, we all say in unisson : We will never go back to the Dominican .The Europeans were really nice though and my kid played lots with a couple of French kids (despite the language barrier).I guess if you are young and just looking for a disco and drinks, then maybe go there; if not look for a different place. You won't miss it.  
<Date>May 1, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SXM03
<Content>Wonderful! After reading some of the reviews on this site, I was nervous for my 7 day trip to Riu Taino. I have to say, I don't know what they were talking about! We had a wonderful time!I am a very picky eater, and I thought the food was great. In fact, because I am so picky and I read that the food was so bad, I packed a ton of food and ended up bringing most everything home. Every meal has a buffet of every type of food imaginable. Every day for lunch and dinner there are french fries, rice, fresh fruit, pasta, and ice cream, among many other varied meats, vegetables, and desserts. There were theme nights where the menu and decorations followed the theme. I was also very worried about the water. There were three of us on the trip and none of us got sick. However we were very careful. You cannot drink the water, and some people say you can use it to brush your teeth, but don't! There is no need to risk it, there is a jug of purified water in your room, and I did hear one man say that he had diarrhea and he brushed his teeth in the water. The staff serves only bottled water at meals, and uses purified water to wash and cook all of the foods, as well as to make ice cubes. As long as you are careful, you'll be fine.The rooms were so clean! They change the sheets and wash the floor every day. The rooms have a fridge if you care to bring anything. There is always coke, diet coke, club soda, and alcohol in them. The rooms do not have a clock, so bring one! Also, bring a washcloth, they do not have them. The TV does have a porn channel, if you are bringing little kids you might want to be aware, rather than have them find it!Other random info: You get a towel card which you keep the whole time and exchange for a beach towel when you need it, we would get up, get a towel, put it on a chair by the pool, or on the beach, and then go eat breakfast. The area gets full (or at least the good areas with shade and sun) pretty quickly. We walked around to some of the other resorts, and in my opinion Taino wmuch older crowd and seemed too quiet. The staff was great. They had so much energy and were there to show you a great time. Tip: don't drink too much alcohol or caffeine during the day (without balancing it out with water) because that dehydrates you and gives you the same symptoms as if you drink the water. When we arrived, we had two rooms, and they were far away from each other, we asked to be moved closer and it was no problem. You may want to learn or write down some basic Spanish words though, the language barrier is tough. We went with Apple Tours; they were great, and extremely helpful. Overall, we had a wonderful relaxing time!!  
<Date>Apr 27, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Be there in April 18th 2003 The food is very good. The rooms clean. The sea has cristal water. You can snorkel just in front of the beach. Windsurfing, sailing, is free and nice. Even the rain is good. The music is a perfect frame. But most of all the people of Punta Cana are really nice. Look forward to be back.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Francis, Tico, No帽o, Rafael, Alessandra, Ivelisse, Chagi, Xavier Nice hotel, great beach, fantastic food!!! We met Francis, Tico, No帽o, Rafael, Alessandra, Ivelisse, Chagi, Xavier: every day they maked great animation and go after in the Pacha, the discotheque near Riu Taino to dance and to do the fiesta!You'll find fotos from Riu Taino. animation, playa, pool etc: big thanks!Ana  
<Date>Apr 3, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Pleased Dear Travelers, We just returned from Riu Taino on March 17, 2003 after a 8 day trip. I just have to say that I found the Riu Resort to be excellent. It was nice to see people with children enjoying the resort (I will take my kids next year). Traveling with me was my husband ,Mother, Father and sister we are all 35 and up and there was something for all to enjoy.T he room were very nice, very clean, great A/C and we had a beautiful view (rm 272) The pool was great at the Taino there was alot going on. if we wanted a nice quiet afternoon we would head to the Naboa pool ...more for reading and relaxing. Breakfast was to die for ...try the crossant french toast soooo good. Lunch was anywhere you wanted to go within the resort, they all had great things to choose from wether it was outside for causual burgers, hotdogs, or pizza and French Fries (or as we call them Freedom Fries) or inside for more detailed lunch items. Don't get me wrong...the food is different there is not alot of spices in it and the beef does taste different but it is good. We did not make any reservations for the specialty resturants for dinner we found out last year that you had more of a selection at the buffet.( Last year we went to Fiesta Bravaro ) Riu Taino was much nicer!As for the beaches ......JUST PARADISE relaxing in the sun or under the shade of the palm trees there is something for everyone. Snorkeling right from the Riu Taino beach was nice... you can get the equiptment free from any of the dive centers on the beach...the reef is not as nice as say...Caymen... but still beautiful fish to be seen.As for the night life I can't comment because I fell asleep around 11:oo everynight ..but I heard the Disco was a great time, but it opens at midnight and I just kept falling asleep before I could get there. All in All I would recommend this resort to all ages. I can't believe anyone could have a bad time. I can't wait till I return.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it. Riu Taino is honestly paradise. And what makes it so good besides the food, drinks, beach, water and weather is the PEOPLE!! The staff is so fun and friendly. Particularly Willy at the La Bamba, he's so nice! and the Animation crew is amazing: Francis, Tico, Raphael and Juan....I miss them already!! THANKS GUYS!  
<Date>Mar 17, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a vacation!!!! WOW!! Que trem茅ndo! This vacation was one of if not THE best vacation I've had overseas! (I have traveled to 15 different countries!) Yhe people are so warm and friendly and overly helpful in all situations I encountered. This hotel was very comfortable and included everything needed to be an excellent vacation choice! The Calle Caribe帽a was right next door and included a variety of delightful shopping choices and even an internet cafe and medical office. The ocean was right in front of the main reception area and the many 4 sectioned cabanas were such a delight to live in for the entire length of our vacation. Entertainment was first class as was the dining and the bartender services. I definately will return! Viva el Riu Taino!!  
<Date>Mar 7, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Once you experience it.. you'll keep going back!! We ventured into the Dominican Republic in August of 2002 - and were we in for a surprise! We (3 of us) stepped off the plane into beautiful weather ..it must have been around 29 degrees. When we approached the airport to go through customs, we were seranaded by maraichis and one of them actually played the wedding march to propose to one of the girls that was with us. Retrieving the luggage was a bit nerve wrecking as there were no signs directing you to where to go. However, we made it through. Once on the tour bus, levels of excitement increased. Everybody's eyes were glued to the windows as we took in the sites/scenery. Everybody was really impressed by the Burger King!! Once off the bus, we were greeted by hotel staff and served tropical drinks. check in was a long process, but worth the wait.The hotel room was really nice, extremely clean and equipped with a fuly stocked bar (sweet), and a safe. The hotel grounds was even nicer, again very clean with beautifull landscaping The highlight..was the staff.. the staff was incredible..the Dominican people are the most beautiful people you will meet, they are kind, courtious and extremely helpful. Key people to look for: Tico: Francis(Kool Aide): Gerimias: Cedano; Juan; Francisca, Felix, Maria,Esquebel, Frank(towel boy) ..and many many more. The food was terrific, lots of variety..and the dining entertainment was even better. As stated above, the Dominican people are beautiful, they have a flair in their step, they are always singing, smiling and doing their best to accomodate you.The beaches were fabulous, beautiful white sands, and the water was a crystal blueThe nightlife was even better - they are not that up to date with the music, but who needs up to date music when you have great people surrounding you. (As a female) you were never left unattended, you always had a dancing partner. It was fabulous. If you didn't know how to merenge or do the Bachata ..you certainly would have by the time you left!!The tours - we only did 2 tours while we were thereI highly recommend the Kontiki- (it's basically a party boat - with two level - snacks and all you can drink!!) Oh, I forgot theres snorkeling too ..The other tour was the Bavara Runners ..Hated it!!A long day in the sun, in a jeep..a very bumpy ridewith a crapy tour guide.. not to mention EXPENSIVE AS ****..Well if this doesn't catch your attention..I don't know what will!Just a follow up to this review - we left August 29th 2002 and we were back again in October 2002 ..and we will be returning again in April 2003.\\ That should tell you all something..'WE LOVE LA REPUBLICA DOMINICANA (and all the beautiful men!!)The CANADIAN GIRLS  
<Date>Jan 30, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great place but...bad surprises on the way back My husband and i have just come back from Taino where we were from the 15 till 25 january 2003. We keep a good souvenir and in same time are a little disappointed.The beach was really beautiful but absolutly CROWDED! You have to get to the pool or the beach quite early in the morning to be able to choose a good place and not to be stuck with a broken lounge chair... but all in all, it still looks beautiful.The room was very clean every day. We had asked for a water-front room with a biiiig bed but ended up in a room by the noisy caribb street with a smaaaall bed. But the vegetation around was so beautiful we didn't mind too much.The food was ok... altough we got a bit bored of it after a few days. We were told NOT to drink tap water which we didn't. We are used to travel in Africa where we are very carefull. At Taino we were told we could eat without worrying... result of it, the day of our return back home, my husband had to rush me off to hospital where i was kept in emergency for bacterial infection of the guts and urinary infection. Am now under heavy antibiotics...So all in all the place is great although there are VERY noisy people that go there and that obviously something is wrong with the food! But the sun is great...!  
<Date>Jan 29, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>AMAZING- wanna go back STAFF~ they were all out going........if your in the ages between 14-19.....u will have sooo much fun with the staff..FOOD~ it wasn't that great but it was edible....there were always french fries to eat....HOTEL~ overall the hotel was very clean....the people were very nice.......NIGHTLIFE~ doesn't matter how old you are you can get into the disco.....the age is 18.....i'm 14 and i got in.....you just ahve to watch yourself because the guys come on a little too storg but you just push them away.....they will listen...i have no clue how people are saying they didn't have a fun time....because i stayed 2 weeks and started to cry leaving there...........i would recomend this hotel to EVERYONE........  
<Date>Jan 23, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gerrydehaas
<Content>Taino is great We have been to Riu Taino twice during the past 1,5 years and are returning in January 2003 for the third time. The resort is absolutely great for any kind of people. Food is delicious and we fail to understand the negative comments in past reviews. Maybe the lack of Budweiser and big hamburgers and steaks influence these reviews. For us it's one of the paradises in the world  
<Date>Jan 18, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it and going back!!   showReview(793218, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 20, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely Awesome   showReview(750069, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 12, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellant !!   showReview(728262, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 30, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>yep the food or drink   showReview(720942, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 22, 2002
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful resort...but the FOOD!   showReview(708677, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 2, 2002
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Great Resort To See Good and Ok !!   showReview(657972, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 15, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Amazing Vacation   showReview(643321, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 22, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>RIU TAINO - WOULDN'T GO AGAIN!!!   showReview(592169, 'full');   
<Date>May 25, 2002
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Enjoyed it - but woulden't go again   showReview(496026, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Rio Taino   showReview(359997, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 23, 2002
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ab in den Urlaub!   showReview(23335941, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LamamiTarifa
<Content>Lo mejor de este a帽o la animaci贸n   showReview(23070815, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Patryi
<Content>Llegue hace menos de una semana y ya quiero volver   showReview(22614978, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bohemiospanish
<Content>mala eleccion   showReview(22613138, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 10, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	3	3	3	1	1	

<Author>aloaPuntaCana
<Content>Tr猫s bon h么tel   showReview(22434324, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 4, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Churrianero
<Content>No       oxido en la banera de la habitacion  
<Date>Nov 27, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>viajador22
<Content>De 5 Estrellas nada , fotos interesantes.       Bordes ba帽era oxidados  
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>2	3	1	3	1	3	2	2	

<Author>maite08
<Content>Muy bonito, pero todo muy lejos       volei  
<Date>Nov 22, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	3	5	4	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Paradies in spanischer Hand   showReview(22961826, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nik50
<Content>es penoso.es un enga帽o de 5 estrellas nada. no llega ni a 3   showReview(21814522, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	3	5	3	5	3	

<Author>JuanchoAzul
<Content>Excelente hotel y la onda de Punta Cana   showReview(21748214, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>muchachitaCantabria
<Content>1陋 vez en el paraiso   showReview(21650869, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 8, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>morenaCantabria
<Content>es lo mejor que he visto   showReview(21230863, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>patri_2106
<Content>Gracias al equipo de animaci贸n       La playita  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RUBIO24
<Content>Me encant贸 el Riu Taino   showReview(20905117, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>yesscaditana
<Content>en mi vida me lo he pasado tan bien en unas vacacione       esta fue lo primero q vicuando llegue al hotel , y parecia q estaba en elp paraiso  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>EDU_FAMILY
<Content>Felices vacaciones       Camino a la playa  
<Date>Sep 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>riutainoOviedo
<Content>lo peor la bebida   showReview(20405469, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2008
<Rating>4	3	2	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Flitterwochen in der Karibik   showReview(22956927, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CHOLO810
<Content>Me gust贸 much铆simimo       pasillo  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	5	3	2	3	3	

<Author>Marval10
<Content>Relato intentando ser objetiva   showReview(20282346, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	3	3	1	

<Author>ieb858
<Content>Lo mejor, encantador, precioso   showReview(20144794, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>arroser
<Content>no encontre la constelaci贸n de las 5 estrellas   showReview(20102968, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>3	2	1	3	3	3	2	3	

<Author>lunamlg30
<Content>no repetire   showReview(19992986, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>3	2	1	3	3	3	3	2	

<Author>Eli_Parera
<Content>RIU Taino: El para铆so al alcance de todos       El contraste de azules es impresionante: Puede haber un cielo negro con un mar turquesa genial  
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>LidiaLaura
<Content>No est谩 mal, pero no repito   showReview(19960022, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	2	3	3	3	3	2	

<Author>Javier31
<Content>P茅simo Hotel para 5*   showReview(19827746, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	2	1	2	

<Author>misterjuli
<Content>una verdadera mierda   showReview(19784798, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	3	3	2	3	1	

<Author>Alfonso_Gonzalez_G
<Content>Un completo paraiso       Una parte de la habitacion  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>manol1
<Content>Moyen   showReview(19527037, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>Jessy_Galicia
<Content>Genial en el Riu Taino!!   showReview(19204006, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>crismarpin
<Content>Estancia fantastica en Riu Taino   showReview(18949410, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Und t盲glich gr眉脽t der Zackenbarsch   showReview(22949618, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sehr gut   showReview(22948685, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>molaelron
<Content>todo perfecto en riu taino   showReview(18889147, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>luiguy
<Content>hotel riutaino pour et contre   showReview(18799135, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>3	4	5	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>TripsCatalunya
<Content>Perfecto!!!   showReview(18746640, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>chica25
<Content>vacaciones inolvidables, olatz82@       casino  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	3	3	5	-1	

<Author>luna6969
<Content>un hotel encantador   showReview(18699836, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	5	3	

<Author>carusi
<Content>El peor Riu en el que he estado y con diferencia   showReview(18676300, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>3	2	1	3	2	3	4	3	

<Author>jarey
<Content>no compensa irse tan lejos.   showReview(18621863, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>2	3	1	1	3	3	2	3	

<Author>veliasturias
<Content>me encanto el taino       velia ,espa帽a en el holl del hotel  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>maxatadona
<Content>alguna estrella se ha subido al cielo   showReview(18210199, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>naymi
<Content>VOLVERIA CON MIS AMIGOS   showReview(18201853, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>gammma
<Content>NO ES UN 5 ESTRELLAS PARA NADA       el aire acondicionado, que no se podia parar por la noche a menos que dejaras la ventana abierta  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>malaguitas
<Content>las mejores vacaciones de nuestra vida inma y rocio......   showReview(17887978, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>moniquebcn
<Content>Vaya desastre   showReview(17791752, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	3	1	1	1	1	

<Author>bukanera
<Content>Las mejores vacaciones de mi vida   showReview(17639457, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>val0804
<Content>De retour du paradis   showReview(17459272, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>yogette
<Content>super animation       biz  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GildaArgentina
<Content>Buen equilibrio entre precio y servicio   showReview(17398537, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	3	2	4	

<Author>CRISTINA-CANTABRIA
<Content>Decepci贸n total   showReview(16999085, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	3	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>rubiak
<Content>tiene sus a帽os pero encantador...   showReview(16923817, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 14, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>MadridSelena
<Content>horrible   showReview(16843129, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	3	2	2	2	1	

<Author>Viajerosur
<Content>Excelentes vacaciones   showReview(16620158, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>mukss
<Content>extra帽o pero bien   showReview(16610741, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>nunuastu
<Content>muybien   showReview(16513782, 'full');   
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>rubiRamy2605
<Content>vacaciones inolvidables   showReview(16485849, 'full');   
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mmonert
<Content>Un desastre!!!!   showReview(16414427, 'full');   
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>silvitrina
<Content>Las mejores vacaciones de mi vida   showReview(16215328, 'full');   
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>rpatBariloche
<Content>no volveria ni lo recomiendo   showReview(16178076, 'full');   
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	2	2	1	

<Author>limiau77
<Content>k pasada de vaciones   showReview(15637246, 'full');   
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>petisan
<Content>Sencillo pero correcto   showReview(15332748, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>RiuParadies
<Content>Paradies pur!       Paradies  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	-1	5	5	5	

<Author>sebas76
<Content>arrepentido   showReview(14958839, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	3	3	2	3	2	

<Author>Lauritasm
<Content>no tan bueno!       playa  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	2	3	3	4	3	

<Author>oihane654
<Content>punta cana es el paraiso y el hotel riu lo mejor de lo mejor   showReview(14523272, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>domicri
<Content>Mon moins bon s茅jour en RD   showReview(14515943, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	2	3	3	3	3	

<Author>anvare
<Content>El taino es de 3 estrellas no mas.Lo me jor los animadores el resto cutre   showReview(14514521, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	3	3	3	4	3	

<Author>fmillair
<Content>Vacances incroyables       lit et chambre  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>werbuenosaires
<Content>Lindo lugar, hotel regular.   showReview(13886195, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	2	3	2	3	

<Author>eyla
<Content>Sentirse como en una gran familia       Altos de Chabon  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	4	5	1	

<Author>Txibiusa
<Content>La Rapidita! jajaja.       Como para acordarme de los nombres estoy  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lamourestharmonie
<Content>脿 vous degouter de la r茅publique dominicaine       chambre  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>1	2	2	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>nrt1
<Content>mediocre   showReview(13120727, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	2	2	3	

<Author>sergiodavinia
<Content>Dios existe despues de ver el Riu Taino       Francis el mejor  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AsturiasViajero
<Content>fantastico el taino       complejo  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>glauka79
<Content>Ole esos animadores guap@s   showReview(12684796, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>5	3	3	4	3	4	5	3	

<Author>KPASO
<Content>Quiero ir al Riu   showReview(12602620, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>5	3	3	5	3	3	5	4	

<Author>MemenMallorca
<Content>Los mejores animadores   showReview(11908992, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>mmaarrttaa
<Content>un viaje inolvidable!       la piscina genial  
<Date>Dec 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kakafuti
<Content>Un error   showReview(11480385, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	2	2	2	2	2	

<Author>joseyconchi
<Content>De ensue帽o!!!!!   showReview(11320346, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>glibert
<Content>hotel riu taino   showReview(11096190, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rorro
<Content>lo mejor de todo la animacion       punta cana  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>yooomalaga
<Content>me gusto todo,pero cabe destacar la animacion.Roni,yerica,yudit,mario       dentro de la barraa  
<Date>Nov 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Iraultza
<Content>La animaci贸n excelente       La animaci贸n es fuera de serie Judi es un cielo  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	3	5	5	3	

<Author>cristina21
<Content>me encantoooooooo   showReview(10028060, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>zimmeli
<Content>Super Anlage, Geniales Hotel-Team, Feines Essen - TRAUMHAFT !!!!   showReview(10018637, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>NOELIA86
<Content>La gente de Riu Taino son unos ladrones!!!!   showReview(10006330, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	5	2	3	1	-1	

<Author>PrincyMonza
<Content>Andate al Riu Taino   showReview(8749852, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>3	5	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Hathor_1113
<Content>lo mejor: la atenci贸n en el hotel (animadores, camareros, etc..)   showReview(8739980, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	3	5	5	

<Author>lulitaSampedrina
<Content>La buena atencion por sobre todo   showReview(8707597, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>tigririas
<Content>La mejor Experiencia de mi vida!!!Volver茅!!!!       Amanecer  
<Date>Sep 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GARRISON938
<Content>Vacanza ideale per relax   showReview(8534756, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	3	4	

<Author>carolBarcelona
<Content>lo mas de lo mas....   showReview(8509371, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>etta77
<Content>Vacanza indimenticabile       con gli amici spagnoli Juan Jos猫 e Paco  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>JMVV
<Content>Genial!!   showReview(8456224, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	4	4	

<Author>Romanito
<Content>Hermoso!!! quiero volver!! increible la atencion,el lugar y la comida!   showReview(8454299, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Sateluis
<Content>Jamas volveremos a este hotel   showReview(8448698, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	1	3	1	

<Author>lebonpascal
<Content>Un Super Hotel que le Riu Taino       Les logements 4 par bloc  
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Annemichel
<Content>H么tel m茅diocre   showReview(8367719, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	2	2	3	

<Author>NO_RIU
<Content>Lo peor   showReview(8365804, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	3	3	5	4	

<Author>xikaPamplonika
<Content>Las mejores vacaciones de mi vidaa!!       Andr茅s...Wapooo!!  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>ada11
<Content>hay dos riu taino?   showReview(7970872, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MURCIANAS
<Content>Como en casa   showReview(7942375, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Murcia4
<Content>驴En que hotel estab谩is?   showReview(7942102, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Murcia4
<Content>LO mejor   showReview(7942014, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>carina29
<Content>Vacaciones de ensue帽o!!!   showReview(7868118, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	2	

<Author>Amidala111
<Content>Hervoragender Service, besser gehts kaum noch!   showReview(7848975, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>5	4	3	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>FERNANDO70
<Content>De verguenza cucarachas olores humeda asqueroso   showReview(7694466, 'full');   
<Date>May 24, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PARAISOMADRID
<Content>lLo peor que e visto   showReview(7592193, 'full');   
<Date>May 12, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	3	2	1	2	3	

<Author>juan78
<Content>nunca mas,volvere a este hotel       cabbles  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>1	1	-1	3	1	1	5	2	

<Author>Bailarina
<Content>Vacaciones geniales       Morenay, Katty y Mario en la Bamba  
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jmb82
<Content>Super le Riu !!!   showReview(7202096, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Monociclo
<Content>Que no vendan lo que luego no ofrecen... no esta ni en el Caribe.   showReview(6752817, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 7, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	2	3	3	3	1	

<Author>GumbyMagog
<Content>Tr猫s grande d茅ception   showReview(6635447, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 21, 2007
<Rating>1	1	4	4	3	2	4	3	

<Author>robindesbois
<Content>on a aimer le riu taino   showReview(6584673, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>merceber
<Content>Todo estupendo       playa1  
<Date>Dec 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>kperucita
<Content>Riu Taino, excelente su personal !!!   showReview(6171016, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 24, 2006
<Rating>5	3	3	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>Martico1980
<Content>Tres content,tres gentil et propre   showReview(5985579, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Vanina
<Content>D茅莽us du TAINO   showReview(5494857, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 21, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	3	3	3	

