<Author>helloaman
<Content>Not in Bali my first trip to bali and was excited since its so popular and had booked a popular hyatt resort too. well i was a bit disappointed, its a hyatt property and hence service and food are upto international standards but i have a different view of staying here, as i realised arriving in bali that this place is known for its villas, private pools and spas etc at very affordable prices. sadly hyatt lacks all this. its a typical 4 storied building resort with a beach and pool, std buffet breakfast and bars, no bali feeling at all ........... there would be unnumerable such resorts all over the world. so if one has to enjoy the bali feeling look at places like intercontinental, oberoi, etc or local names ( in places like ubud) and enjoy things which only bali can offer . there is nothing wrong with hyatt but its not a great fit for experiencing bali in my view  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>3	3	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>ewan20s
<Content>True 5 star       View from the Grand Hyatt beach  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	3	5	4	

<Author>tablank
<Content>Lost ambiance Great resort and one of the best beaches. However, an occupancy rate of more than 50% CIS guests has an overpowering effect. There is no more tranquility of Bali, there is no more style and nights become party time for those guests at the expense of others. Management seems to be more interested in the return than a long term image from repeat clients. A pity that Bali has not learned lessons from their peers in other geography's.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>AndJam
<Content>Nice but not good enough for the price We stayed at the Grand Hyatt in Nusa Dua over Christmas 2008 and generally enjoyed our stay, although next time we visit Bali we'll look for somewhere else. There's plenty of choice in the area, with many hotels offering considerably better value for money.Probably the best aspects of this hotel are the gardens and the swimming pools. The extensive grounds are very well landscaped and maintained, and the pools are well designed and perfect for kids. Our two almost grew fins due to the amount of time they spent splashing around.Like the Balinese in general, most of the staff at the hotel are friendly, polite and helpful. The only problem we encountered was during check-in which took over an hour due to various debates and mix-ups. First the receptionist insisted that we had booked at a higher room rate, only conceeding after I showed him a copy of the confirmation email on my handheld computer. After that, he managed to find a room at the agreed price, although unfortunately it hadn't been made up and it was clear that the previous occupants had enjoyed a very good time! When we finally managed to get into the room, we had to wait a couple more hours for extra beds to arrive for our kids. This is not what you need after travelling for 25 hours, and it didn't get us off to a good start.Our room was adequate but certainly not 5-star. With our two kids sharing, there wasn't much space left and it definitely wasn't a place to kick back and relax. We used the room purely for sleeping and we could have rented a bigger, more comfortable room in a far cheaper hotel.Food and drink at this hotel was disappointing. The restaurants are mediocre and overpriced, and on the second day of our stay three of us came down with sickness and diarrhoea. At that stage we hadn't eaten anywhere else so we're certain it was caused by food poisoning from the Hyatt. After that, we ate at restaurants outside the hotel and didn't have any problems. Saved some money too!Bar prices are high, bordering on extortionate for this part of the world. A small glass of wine sets you back IDP 80,000 (about 5 quid) and by the end of a week you might be considering a second mortgage to pay the drinks bill. If you're cost-conscious, drink at one of the more reasonably priced hotels or bars just along the beach.The beach is fantastic although the hawkers are annoying. They trawl the strip constantly and they are relentless with their sales patter. I reckon there were about 10 of them on the Hyatt stretch, each passing by about 5 times during the course of the day. Saying no thanks, I really don't want to buy a kite/watch/seashell 50 times a day gets tedious after a while.Although in general we felt very safe in Bali, the Hyatt would be an obvious target for terrorists and we felt there were some gaps in their security. Scanners are used at the main entrance but perimeter control elsewhere is not that great. Most evenings we took a stroll along the beach from the back of the hotel, and a few times we were surprised that the security guards who were present during daytime were not at their posts. We could freely enter the hotel grounds (with rucksacks) without any checks or challenges, invalidating the security measures around the front. This needs fixing if they're serious about security.On balance, we enjoyed our time in Bali but wouldn't stay at this hotel again and wouldn't recommend it to friends. Next time we'll try one of the other luxury hotels in Nusa Dua.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	5	3	1	3	3	

<Author>AmethystSingapore
<Content>Beware of the extra charges I have stayed at the Grand Hyatt over 4 times. Earlier the service used to be very good and personalised. This time around the negativity was from the very moment we checked in. The check in staff were not very polite and took their time over rates - asking for a higher rate than published on their website.The amenities in the room were never replenished unless asked for. The toilet flush broke and it took three reminders before it was fixed.To top it all, they have billed me four times for the stay and though it has been 2 weeks they are still not releasing the amount despite the credit card company contacting them. Calls to their Manager have gone unanswered. So do be aware of extra charges on your credit card - despite this being a world class property  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>pkhi
<Content>Not too impressed       Swimming pool  
<Date>Dec 23, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	4	5	4	4	

<Author>tashgorgeous
<Content>Good save       Grand Hyatt Bali  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>KittyCat45
<Content>Fabulous Holiday My boyfriend and I stayed at Grand Hyatt for 10 nights mid November. The hotel is amazing, the staff are lovely; so friendly and polite and really eager to please. The hotel itself is stunning. The gardens are immaculate and the pool areas are really clean. The views at night are breath-taking. The hotel sits right next to the beach and is really easy to get to, even though it is a large resort. We went for the Grand Club option which was great, you get breakfast and free drinks between 5-7pm. Our room was perfect, really clean and comfortable and a fab view of the gardens. We will definitely go back Grand Hyatt Bali, it is like a little paradise haven, just wish I was there now sipping pink champagne into the early hours 鈥liss!!  
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>bathbabe2008
<Content>Beautiful Hotel       Beach at Grand Hyatt  
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>pinuk
<Content>Fantastic This hotel is fabulous. I cannot praise it enough. Even though it is very big, the service was great and the staff were exceptional. The lagoon pool is really pretty and we enjoyed lazing around it with a few dips to cool off. The grounds are kept immaculate and lovely to walk round. The view from the reception area was just amazing. Our guide Putu was brilliant and we had a personalised tour all round the island for the day. My only down comments would be that the beach and sea did not come up to my expectations and we thought the resturant prices were a bit high. Would we go again, most definitely.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>HKJoey
<Content>Great for young families, and better for parents As Americans with young kids living in HK, Bali was a no-brainer. But, we worried about picking the perfect hotel in a sea of 5 star choices. We were thrilled with the Grand Hyatt Bali! The service was excellent; kids loved the pool and beach (try the Mango daqueri); good variety of restuarants; loved the dinner show featuring traditional Balinese song and dance; walking distance from grocery and shopping. The highlight for us was splurging US$1.3/hr/kid on the babysitter and going into Bali for dinner, followed by a nightcap at the Salsa Bar at the hotel. It was the most serene bar experience my wife and I have ever encountered. Loved it!  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	2	5	4	

<Author>sharon1983
<Content>Gorgeous!!!!!! We stayed here in October for 10 nights, we also got married at this hotel.The hotel grounds are quite big but immaculately kept and quite easy to get around with maps everywhere. Restuarants are plentiful and not overly expensive. The staff were all great and extremely pleasant and warm natured people.Beach and both pools were lovely, nice and quiet with waiter service. Our wedding day itself was gorgeous and we booked several excursions at the tour desk and booked a few taxis at the front - both great value.The Bali collection is literally a 5 min walk away and we had some nice meals there (lots of shops, supermarket to stock up mini bar, restuarants) and its nice for just getting out of the hotel for a couple of hours, there is a nice spa there too.The room was great - we had an ocean view and you really did just look out over the garden lagoon then straight to the ocean! Was gorgeous. The room was big, walk in shower and nice long bath, walk in wardrobe and seperate loo, nice big day bed and huge bed for us! All in all an amazing stay and id recommend anyone to go here, specially for an amazing wedding where they went all out to make our day special for us!Id recommend anyone to go here and dont be put off by the people writing rubbish reviews! Im a fussy cow at the best of times and this hotel was gorge!! :)  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Airjunky
<Content>Dishonest staff  We stayed 5 days there as part of our honeymoon. Everything was fine until we discovered my wife's Apple iTouch went missing from her open suitcase. I drew the attention of the security manager, front desk manager, general manager (Detlev Truernit)...all the way to Hyatt International's customer service (and their legal department). Everyone passed the buck or refused to take any action to compensate me for the theft. No one even bothered to apologize...except to apologize for their inability to assist. The general manager completely dismissed the suggestion that he pass the claim to their insurance company for review. Hyatt International completely disavowed themselves of this and refered the matter back to the property.As a diamond member at the Hyatt, I was truly disappointed to see that both the property and Hyatt International refused to take some responsibility for this matter. This the second incident this year that I have been involved with at a Hyatt property where management fell well short of taking care of the well being of its guests.Suggestion: 1) Definitely rule this property out. If you run into problems, management will not be responsive, even to the chain's best guests. There are plenty of options in the Nusa Dua area and all with better beaches. 2) Pick another loyalty program. Starwood has gone above and beyond to take care of me this year so I will not be renewing my diamond status at the Hyatt.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>1	4	3	3	2	3	-1	3	

<Author>Happytrip8
<Content>Fantastic hotel in a great country       view to reception  
<Date>Oct 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>HawaiianStyle808
<Content>Great place if looking for big resort experance In Nusa Dua, which away from the madness of KutaIf you are looking for a big resort with all the amenities this is a great place for you. Great pool and several excellent resturants.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>browa32
<Content>Amazing Grounds and Beach We were here during our hoenymoon in September. The hotels gorunds are lovely, you will see a gardener every 10 metres! The beach is excellent, we were happy with the beach, nice sand, always kept clean by the hotel staff, private, nice sun chairs, v v good. Food and Drink, we ate half board, I was extremely happy with the food, we ate at Salsa Verde (Italian) The pizzas were done in a wood fired oven, lasagna and pasta was also excellent. Garden Cafe (International) was also v good, I was surprised with the quality of the food, it was excellent. The service was ok, nothing to shout about, and nothing really to moan about.We stayed in a Grand Club Room, our first room was horrible, noise etc outside, baby crying in the next room (heard via connecting door) we moved the next morning, this room was alot better and were v happy. The service in the Grand Club was quite poor, even though the staff were nice people, it was way to slow. The staff at check in were rude as when they got a little angry or were not happy, they would speak in Balinese to each other and we could clearly see they were moaning. That was unprofessional. Its a large hotel, so ask for a room where you think you will spend most of your time, eg by the beach, pool.I would go back, but I would also like to try other places and hotels. Thank you.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	3	2	2	1	

<Author>RChhachhi
<Content>A Mild Let-down       Grand Hyatt Bali, pretty place but no substance...  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	5	2	1	2	2	

<Author>reviewcentreUk
<Content>Enjoyed our stay We stayed here 6 nights as part of our honeymoon package, on arrival we were upgraded to a club room garden view. When we told them we were on our honeymoon they gave us half hour free massage for us both (which was very nice), 1 hour tennis court use (which we never got a chance to use) and one day we could order breakfast in our room free of charge!Our room was spacious however it did smell a little damp, if you put the aircon on low or turned it off the room will start smelling straight away.Overall we were very impressed with the hotel and the staff were very friendly, its a really nice place to go if you just wanna chill out and get away. the beach is nice and the pools are great in the hotel. There is so much greenery around the hotel and ponds etc it just looks Beautiful. You could spend alot of time in and around the hotel and really make the most of it.One thing is the car service from the hotel is expensive so just walk down the road a little and you can get a taxi at a much cheaper price and will save yourself alot of money.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>desiree281268
<Content>Hawai on Bali!       beachview  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>YCH
<Content>KIds loved breakfasttime! Our family of 4, with our 6 and 3 year olds, stayed at the hotel for 5 nights from 7-12 August 2008. The weather was great this time of year in Bali but be prepared for lots of tourists.The hotel is a little old but fairly well maintained. We loved the hotel grounds especially the ponds full of koi and lilies, and the tropical gardens, although we thought it was a tad too sprawling esp with our 6 and 3 year old kids in tow. No buggy service for the guests, only for the luggage!We were given a garden view room in the West Village. As all the rooms were booked we really didn't have a choice. The room turned out to be pleasantly big. The kids slept on the day bed which was converted into a decent sized bed with side walls to boot so they won't fall off. The beach in front of Hyatt and Hilton was supposedly the best part of the Nusa Dua beach. We have to agree that the sand was clean, white and fine and waters clear. Great for the kids to run around. The beach vendors are regulated I think, they sit around passively and are not at all aggressive like some of the touts on other beaches. We didn't encounter any jellyfish, mosquitoes or sandflies. We went over to Jimbaran beach which was where we intended to stay initially and found the sand quality to be more coarse and gray with lots of coral pieces. Definitely Nusa Dua would be the better choice for children.Breakfast time was very enjoyable. This was the first time we didn't have to drag the kids out of bed every morning to breakfast in a hotel. The Watercourt cafe was situated in a lovely Balinese garden with koi ponds and fountains. Look out for the resident heron who comes every morning to try his luck at fishing. The restaurant provides bread crumbs at the entrance (look for the duck shaped stone pot) for the guests to feed the fishes. Do go early as the crumbs run out by 10 am! The kids would feed the fishes while we feed the kids! Big complaint here is that the daily breakfast buffet does not change at all! We had the same buffet 5 days in a row, they only alternate the sausages from chicken to beef.Service was OK overall, not outstanding. We felt the pool towel service could be improved. They give you these tickets which you have to present to the pool counter to exchange for a towel, one ticket for one towel. And you need to return the towels back to get the tickets back. Which is a real hassle. Another complaint is the hotel kids' club Camp Nusa charges for ALL the kids' activities (at US$25 per hour), so it was perpetually empty. Only the playground was free! Most of the hotels kids clubs we went to do not charge, so I hope the management could do sth about this.Lastly, the food wasn't great. During our stay, we ate room service twice, Watercourt cafe 5 times (breakfast) and Passar Senggol once (local buffet dinner with cultural show). Pretty bland. You will probably get better food if you venture out. We hired a car and drove out almost every day so we were fortunate enough to have some pretty memorable meals, but none of them were at the hotel.Well the important thing was that the kids enjoyed themselves. It is still a beautiful hotel with a beautiful beach and above average service and we would still recommend it for families with kids.YCHSingapore  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MuchDutch
<Content>Sprawling and faded - not Grand Hyatt standard at all The hotel sprawls across 19 hectares (about 45 acres), with 650 or so rooms. It seems literally to be 1,000 metres to walk to breakfast. The property is very tired. In the refurbished room we stayed in, the bath was old, and it was mostly passe decor, and a clapped out rattly air con unit.The service at the beach restaurant was very slow and impersonal, and the food was 3.5 star at best.Some (not all) of the staff are very friendly - that does go some way to make up for the dilapidation and the average at best standard.This is just way off Grand Hyatt standards - not impressed.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Balitong
<Content>Not what it used to be... We've been to Bali several times and this is the third time we have stayed in this hotel. To say we were disappointed is an understatement. I booked directly through Hyatt, a contemporary room was confirmed with a king bed and day bed for my daughter. However when we checked in, it was an old room and we were made to wait 1.5 hours in the lobby. We were then taken the wrong way to the room, even though I pointed out to the member of staff that the room wasn't the way she was taking us. When we got there it was a twin room, so we called reception who an hour later took us to another room on the other side of the hotel.The room, although refurbished was tatty and the floor felt sandy, and worst of all had a funny smell coming from the bathroom. It was extremely noisy both at night and in the early morning. As we had another 4 nights there, we decided to upgrade to a suite - to make the holiday more pleasant. The suite was lovely, although not worth what we paid.The staff were not what they used to be, probably because of the number of guests. Morale seemed low and whenever we asked for something, it seemed like such an effort for them...lots of eye rolling and sighing.The pools were all packed as it seems like the continental way of putting towels on sunbeds at 6am in the morning is the norm. Never have I seen this in any of the Bali hotels I stayed in before. Kriya spa is lovely, although the therapists were not up to normal Bali spa standards. The Pasa Sengor buffet dinner and show is still worth going to even if you don't stay at this hotel. The highlight of the hotel were the many ponds and fish - my daughter thoroughly loved feeding them with leftover bread from breakfast.It saddened me to see that this hotel was not what it used to be and we won't visit it again. There are other hotels which are better and service is friendly.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>S3CR3T3X3C
<Content>Great location, Nice staff, Good facilities, pity about the tour hordes       west complex  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>kentan8
<Content>Could be better       Used slippers provided at Club Room (also wrong foot)  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>1	2	2	4	2	2	2	1	

<Author>fabholslover
<Content>Gorgeous again! This was our third visit to the Grand Hyatt - we don't usually like going back to the same place but, quite frankly, this place just ticks all of our boxes. We have tried others in the Nusa Dua area but we keep coming back here.As soon as you walk into the large, cool reception area with the beautiful ocean view and the gentle sound of the gamelan you start to relax! Even though it is a big, busy hotel it always maintains an aura of calm - quite amazing really.We always stay in the club  would totally recommend this - not just for the complimentary breakfast  evening cocktails / snacks but for the personal service of the club staff who really look after their guests.The rooms are nicely appointed (we have stayed in an 'ordinary' club room  two different suites and find them all good) and look out over the lovely gardens, lagoons surrounding the hotel. My daughter especially likes spotting the large lizard swimming in the water!I can recommend the spa at the Grand Hyatt. It is built to represent a modern take on a balinese village and is gorgeous to look at. I always treat myself while I am there and it is well worth the experience - trust me!All in all a wonderful experience - I just have one gripe ( and thats not against the hotel!) - some people in the club really do abuse the 'system' and it does anger and sadden me. The complimentary snacks are presented with care and are delightful tasters which can be incredibly filling  I have to admit that on more than one occasion we have not felt in need of an evening meal. Some people, however, treat the club like a 'free' dining event  'pounce' on the food as soon at it arrives, filling their plates and then going back for more  more! A small plate loaded with 12 satay sticks, 6 samosas and a mountain of bread rolls is not a pretty sight. PLEASE people, just show a little bit of restraint!!OK rant over - in summary, as I said before, we don't usually like going back to places but in this case we have found a lovely holiday destination which we would be happy to return to at any time!  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>marty99
<Content>Super Bali property Stayed 2 nights in Dec 07 in a Grand Suite - excellent suite, v contemporary and luxurious. Gave access to Club which is always a bonus - lovely setting surrounded by water with fish , birds and a swimming lizard ! Only slight issue is that club hours for drinks/ canapes rather early at 5-7 pm , but that may reflect family guests needs more. Great range of pools and restaurants , huge grounds - I knew what to expect having already stayed at Nusa Dua Beach resort - it is v manicured and perhaps removed from real  Bali as some say - but what 5 star hotel is like real life !? Superb value for money , as with many hotels in far east - used hyatt points to upgrade to suite , so cost $110 pn - absolute bargain and a great choice.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>devineelle
<Content>Paradise on earth鈥?well close enough Paradise on earth鈥?well close enough.Stayed at the Grand hyatt Nusa dua for seven nights and enjoyed every minute. The hotel is located in acres of land and felt like we were the only people there. Due to the location you are not hassled much but vendors.Pools were amazing, wished they were open after 8pm.The room was spacious and felt at home.Overall the price for food/services are expensive but that is a given when staying at a resort like this.It鈥檚 within walking distance from the local shops/supermarket. Just outside the Nusa dua complex there is a market that closes around 9pm.Kuta is about 20 mins drive away and a cheap taxi journey.Would recommend this hotel for a honey moon, anniversary鈥irtually anything. Worth every penny.Location 鈥?set away from 鈥榬eal bali鈥?but staying at a large resort will generally be like this. The stretch of beach that the hotel is on is great and clean. 20 min drive form the Kuta night life but it鈥檚 a cheap taxi ride and there are taxis outside the hotel night and day.Rooms 鈥?large, clean. The room we stayed in was more like a one bed room apartment. Did not feel like a hotel, more like a home. Good size TV with SKY, large bed, day bed, great bath room.Take your laptop for wireless access but weather you use your own or go to the business centre you have to pay for web access.Restaurant 鈥?breakfast was really good, a wide variety of food.There are various restaurant do dine all of a high standard. The Japanese was especially good. It鈥檚 cheaper to go into the Bali mall which is walking distance from the hotel. the food in the restaurants there is good and there is a lot of choice.Gym and Pool 鈥?there are four pools and at no point were any of them overcrowded. All were exceptionally clean and very pretty.The gym was big and equipment was up to date. Shame that they close at 8pm.Staff 鈥?the staff are very attentive and help when ever they can. Felt that the luggage people were a little cheeky as they broke the handle of our case and waited for a tip! If you get the chance dine at Bambu Bali, the food is amazing and very authentic. They also offer cooking class. They offer a free pickup and drop off service.There are a lot of tours, arrange them via the hotel. they may be more expensive but the overall service is a lot better.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Zoballoos
<Content>Very Nice however Quiet in the evenings Upon arriving to the hotel you go through security which is ok. When arriving into the hotel it is just wonderful and peaceful.The rooms are fabulous with a Queen size bed and an extra lounge bed for relaxing on. The bathroom is separate although you can see through into the bedroom by using a openning so you can relax and watch tv.The hotel staff are very polite and helpful although you do pay alot more in the hotel for drinks and food etc than outside of the resort which is only a five minute walk away. Outside of the resort closes at 11:00pm so you can either go back to your room or to the hotel bar which is open to the last person leaves however you are paying anything up to 3 times more for your drinks.The hotel has a wonderful shaped swimming pool and lots of room to sunbathe. Also just from the pool you can walk out onto the beach which is great.Last night though the concierge recommended we went to a Fish restaurant which he knew and unfortunately it was the most expensive meal and awful meal we had out there and felt wripped off completely so only take recommendations from non concierge people as they are either family or friends run restaurants which they recommend.You must do a day trip around the island as that is wonderful!  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Bongcipook
<Content>Too Bad To Be True We stayed at a Grand Club Room at the Grand Hyatt Bali for 5 nights and thought that the whole experience was not up to our expectations. Overall, the service standards were not at par with other Hyatt hotels.To name a few our of frustrations during our stay: 1. We had to request for the newspaper to be delievered to our room everyday. 2. Each time we used the bathroom sink, a foul smell would stink the whole bathroom (not to mention the the toilet, it was bad). 3. Housekeeping staff had to be prompted to clean our room even when the please clean up room sign was hung outside the door (from breakfast time until after lunch time). 4. One afternoon, some guys from the engineering department just appeared on our balcony (accessed to the balcony with a long ladder to attend to some problems in the building). We were resting in bed and were shocked to see people in the vicinity of our room! 5. One staff even told us that hotel staff morale was low!Although the hotel location and beach were great, we nevertheless felt that the overall negative experience that we encountered had clouded our perception towards the Grand Hyatt Bali.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>MrLEOW
<Content>Great hotel, location, value. Definitely going to a repeat stay for me! My entire family (myself, wife, 2 small kids and a 1-yr old baby) stayed in this hotel for 4 nights in the Grand Club room and absolutely enjoyed our stay in this great hotel and the use of the pools (at least 2 of them) and private beach just right in front of the hotel. Grand Club guests are entitled to breakfast and drinks and snacks throughout till 11pm at the Grand Club lounge. My kids enjoyed the food and drinks (frankly, simple, not too elaborate but how much do/can you eat?) during breakfast, happy hours (I think 5pm to 7pm when wine/beers and food items are served) and occassionally supper time. The kids (and yes the baby as well) had a hell of time in the hotel room itself. The room is so big we did not have to get 2 rooms for my family. The 2 small kids loved the day bed whilst the baby, though was suposed to sleep in the complimentary crib, loved to squeeze in between myself and wife in the super big bed (2 beds combined into one).The hotel was staffed by Balinese (I think so). I guess there is nothing much I need to add about their friendly smiles, as well professionalism (probably a trademark of Hyatt).Will my family come back to Bali? Yes, I have to do so and back to this hotel. My girl cried on the last day and pleaded with us to bring her back to the same hotel in Bali again.Definitely recommended for family with children.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>originskitty
<Content>Great hideaway My husband and I stayed at the Grand Hyatt Bali for 4 nights for our mini babymoon. It was our first trip to Bali. We arrived at the hotel around midnight and was pleasantly surprised that they upgraded us complimentary to a sea facing suite. The suite was huge with plenty of space for just the two of us. Breakfast was nothing to shout about but the food from the pool bar and room service was generally acceptable. The biggest draw about the hotel is the vast amount of space and the private beach. We spent every day at the beach, and even though it was peak period, we never had difficulty getting beach chairs and having privacy. The hotel definitely beats those in the Kuta area which we thought was just crazy and over hyped. Definitely staying at the Grand Hyatt Bali if we visit Bali again in the near future.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>DanyMyka
<Content>My kids didnt want to go home!!! Stayed at Grand Hyatt Bali from 2June-5June. Arrived at Grand Hyatt at 9.30pm. Slight hiccup as the hotel driver was not at the pickup point when we arrived even tho we are delayed slightly at customs. Rooms :The rooms do look dated but its just a small minus. We were given the ground floor seaview room, didnt get to see it upon checking in as we were sooo tired. But come morning, all of us were floored by the beautiful view. Room is very large and spacious [important for a family with two active boys of 2 and 4]. Another great plus is the small alcove can be converted to the kids bed so everyone has plenty of room to sleep. Closet is found in the bathroom itself unlike most hotels where it is located outside. It offers you more privacy when changing especially if you have other guests in the room. Pools :Fantastic as it has five separate pools and locations. So its not congested and the slides are very kid friendly.Restaurants :Average for a five star resort. The breakfast is also not very extensive but well thot of because there are five breakfast locations so the crowd is spread out.Beach :Very clean and lovely since there are not too many vendors pestering you to buy their wares unlike in KutaService :No complaints. Smiles everywhere we went tho some of them seems pasted and not genuine.Location :Walking distance to Bali Collection, Sogo and supermarket if you are lazy to venture out of Nusa Dua.Overall :Great venue for family vacations.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>vibradental
<Content>My favourite resort Happened to stay at the Grand Hyatt as I was attending a dental conference. My trip through reception was totally stress free as I was welcomed with a Garland of flowers and a refreshing cocktail and within an hour of landing I was unpacking in a clean, air-conditioned luxury suite. I had booked a massage session from London via e-mail and after a short stroll through the wonderful grounds, i found myself at the wonderful Spa facilities offered by the hotel. The massage was wonderful. We then strolled to the Bali Collection (Shopping Centre) for a quick dinner across the road and had a wonderful fish dinner in one of the restraunts there. (Food cheaper than the hotel). The breakfast at the Salsa restraunt on the beach was wonderful as the fruit was absolutely delicious. The beach was as you can imagine , clean, white sands, and empty. The pool facilities were great as well as all the sport facilities. Had wonderful meal in the Salsa resteraunt. The Japanese restraunt is superb and the hotel provides evening entertainment in the form of Balinese music and dance. There is also an evening market in the grounds so its not necessary to leave the resort. We did a six hour tour which the hotel arranged with a driver and an english speaking guide. We saw the usual and found that it was absolutely necessary to batter with everyone as it is generally expected. The Balinese people I found were friendly and helpful. The best meal we had was on Jimbaran Beach at one of the many fish restraunts on the beach. We watched a beautiful sunset, and after choosing our fish, had the best grilled fish ever. The hotel is ideal for everyone and would definitely recommend it. Bali as a destination would have to come after Cape Town and South Africa.  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>charlotta
<Content>Relaxed luxury at its best!       view from our room, Grand Hyatt. Bali.  
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>WMing
<Content>Good Stay We stayed for 4 days from the 28th April.We have stayed at the Grand Hyatt before and it did not disappoint us again.This time round we had the Garden view room.We remembered the built-in extra bed (single size), which we got again with our suite - a very useful amenity, especially for families.My 2-year old loved the swimming pools.To note:- Internet access at our room was not free. The rates are dependent on the time spent but maxes out at around ~ 50USD (? to be confirmed).The access could be activated very easily by plugging in the provided LAN cable and following the instructions on opening your browser.- Do check the bill at the end of the stay.The counter staff had to change my bill 2 times before they got it right.- My check-in involved a 'deposit' of 2.5 million Rupiah.My check-out required a separate payment, but the 'deposit' was not refunded. I will be checking my card bill to see if it comes in.- if you get the garden view, be ready for ants to join in the stay. Our boy dropped some biscuits pieces and the ants came in from the garden very quickly. Had to use the wet towels to mop up the insects.If you put some insect repellent on the front porch (which we did on the first few days, until our 2 year old tossed the citronella repellent into the garden), this should not happen.- We booked using the Wow Bali promotion that was available from our Singapore agent. This allowed us 2 vouchers for set lunch/dinner at the Hard Rock Cafe at Kuta (which we were not aware off, the agent picking us up at the airport surprised us with these) and another 2 vouchers for dinner at any of the restaurants at the Grand Hyatt (except the Japanese restaurant).We spent the Grand Hyatt vouchers at their Watercourt Bali Restaurant. If you are into the Balinese style landscaping, be ready with your camera here, lots of photo ops at this pleasant restaurant. Our little one enjoyed feeding the fishies and ducks at the ponds around the place with bread rolls.The set meals had an option of desserts. We chose the 'Tropicanna Cup'. It was a pleasant surprise when it came in a foot tall glass that had the guests at the surrounding tables gasping and chuckling. Another nice photo moment for us.The promotion allowed us to pick a free attraction from a list and we took the Waterbom Park. This place is also highly recommended for folks that enjoy water slides, mini water cannons etc. Our two-year old loved the toddler slide (accompanied by his mummy).There was a bigger slide that was a couple storey high that my wife enjoyed. Lots of older kids and adults were using it too.- The Bali Collection is a nice collection of shopping and eating places that is a short walk away from the Grand Hyatt.We ate mainly at the Hanabi Japanese restaurant. We highly recommend folks to try the cafe at the supermarket that had a great avocado-expresso drink.At the International Airport, near Boarding Gates 1-2, we ate at the Fukutaro restaurant, apparently a member of a chain of japanese restarants on Bali. The ambience was nice and cosy. The food is also recommended. I had the sushi-soba set washed down with a cold green tea.  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>4	5	-1	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ladyseptember
<Content>Love it       Sunbathing?  
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>kaehto
<Content>Grand resort but poor F Very nice landscape, superb Spa and good facilities. Pools are fun for kids - but too hot: feels like entering a hot bath. Rooms clearly above average, easily fit a family of four and are maintained very well. Downside was the poor FB offering. Japanese restaurant is fine but pricy - thus not an option for daily dining; Salsa Verde offered good Italian fare, but this being the only real option is not what one would expect from a 5 star property. Breakfast Buffet spread was average and eventually boring as it was exactely the same every day. Biggest downside was that there is not merely enough space to cater to all guests (despite the hotel not even being fully booked), thus expect a 20-30 min wait to get a seat for breakfast. In an Asian context the restaurants also felt understaffed - once securing a seat in the morning it could easily take 20 mins to get a coffee.Overall nice resort, but unless the FB is significantly upgraded there are better options in Asia.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>axp1
<Content>We loved it!       within the complex4  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>prever
<Content>Large but very nice resort       Pool at sports club  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>catozzo123
<Content>great resort       pool - fun for kids  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	3	4	3	

<Author>mexxgal
<Content>Large but nice family resort My family (including my 18 mth baby) went there for a short holiday. The resort was very large but landscaping and facilities are nice. It's so large that it's even got a few shopping areas/clusters of shops in the resort. But being in a large resort at the peak december period, it's sometimes not easy to get seats at the restaurants for breakfast. Hotel guests have a few choices of restaurants for breakfast (all serving the same food), so you can choose the one nearer your room. Room is quite large with a small cosy area (can be converted to a comfortable child bed. My daughter had a good time playing there. Nusa dua beach however is not that great. I was expecting fine white sand but it's not really that.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	2	3	5	

<Author>Jet-Setter-SF
<Content>12 years later, still a great resort My company arranged an internal sales conference at the Grand Hyatt Bali for 70 of us. Not until I arrived at the front door did I realize I had stayed at the same resort 12 years ago on holiday. Twelve years ago it was magical, and it hasn't changed much since then. It's a bit worn around the edges now, a bit more moss on the rocks, and the koi in the ponds are a bit bigger. The rooms were not quite as crisp and clean as before, but still a treat. The bed was firm and super-comfy. The lounge nook was as decadent as before. My first visit was pre-internet, but this time the in-room internet worked great. Not too expensive, but I hope you resist the temptation to even log in. Pay-per-view was OK, but I hope you avoid that also! Mini-bar was also relatively inexpensive for such a resort. Hint for buying a diet coke: go to the drug store in the shopping area of the Hyatt -- less than $0.99 instead of the $2.50 (or whatever) from the minibar and $3.00 at the bar.The restaurants seemed cheaper on this visit compared to 12 years ago. Breakfast was a bit so-so. But the Japanese restaurant has great sushi. The Salsa Verde is not Mexican, despite the name, but has good italian. If you're there for a corporate event, the buffets are a bit boring. I felt no need to leave the resort for the 4 days I was there, but went out to dinner in Kuta with colleagues. Don't bother. It's a long way to go just to have dinner in restaurants full of drunken Aussies!All in all, though, I'd stay there again. Better still if it's a visit not for work!  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	3	5	4	3	

<Author>Khandelwal
<Content>Grandest! HI,Just came from Bali yesterday and statyed at this property for 3 nights in a Grand King Room with Ocean View on 4th floor in (maybe south wing of the hotel). Rooms are good especially the clear view of the ocean.amazing pools just steps from the beach.bi-cycles available in hotel @ 4 usd for 1 hr and it is a good option to explore the hotel as it is the largest hotel in bali with 700 rooms.one may find tiring to go back to their rooms to/from other areas as mentioned earlier the hotel is big and please consider this fact while bookinghotel restaurants are good but i being a pure vegetarian hotel has limited choice but it was good. Salsa Verde/Salsa Bar/Persona Lounge are good.just 200m across the street Bali Collection with shopping/eating/COCO Supermarket for your daily needs, not to mention cheaper than the hotel.also consider the fact that 45 min to Kuta/Jimabaran/Seminyak one way is a long way to go for nightlife.watersports are also nearby in Benoa, and be sure that you take free brochures from bali airport itself which mention cheaper price than the hotel or agents in Benoa.also went to KuDeTa, HU's, Bacio, Queens Tandoor (food just like India) which are one of the best reviewed restaurants/bars in Bali.i summarise that hotel is for people who would just want to relax and then catch a flight back to their home but not serious party-goers.overall, a good resort with all the amenities to make a holiday memorable.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>nighter
<Content>Average hotel       hotel 3  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	2	-1	

<Author>jiamin
<Content>not service oriented The hotel is very dated. The bathrooms are dirty w/ lots of mold and mildew. The hotel staff are very slow and inefficient. We had 2 rooms and it took over half an hour to get our keys. The fruits platters at the breakfast buffet bars were swamped w/ flies. We were afraid to eat the fruits. I expected more from the Grand Hyatt.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>ngeorgou
<Content>Excellent Honeymoon I had an excellent stay at this hotel. The grounds were more than exceptional with great attention to detail!! The pool area was large enough to accommodate all guests not being very crouded.The hotel was very clean, and the small water ponds were fool of life (Koi, birds etc.)The restaurants were above average and the breakfast plentiful.The rooms were fairly recently renovated and were excellent!. The staff was helpful and as honeymooners we were given little wooden gifts that had some cards that said something about Bali culture. Trips were easily organized from the hotel and the near by village had some nice and cheap eateries (especially for fish).The overall location was good providing for nice beach strolls and the beach itself was very nice and uncrowded (shared with 2 more resorts). However if you do wish to swim in the sea, prepare to go early because low tide is at 1200 :)  
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>dannyabb
<Content>What a fantasic Resort - top notch We arrived on New Years eve and the place was set for a party, a big one. Unfortunately we fell asleep after our flights from Brisbane and missed it all!!No bother because we had another 9 days of fantastic food, service and relaxing time.I was travelling with my wife and 4yo twins. We comfortably fit in a standard room, with the kids staying in the double daybed which was in an alcove. It was perfct for them.Not the cheapest resort for food and drink, but it is one of the world's top hotels, that being said my bill (other than accommodation which was prepaid) was not really that much. We ate out every day, and I had quite a few Bintans each day.Beware though, it was Russion season. They have just started coming to Bali and are there in Dec/Jan only. The biggest roughest looking guys and the most glamorous ladies. It has been a while since I have seen females in high heels aroud the pool, and way too many budgie smugglers for my liking.The pools were great and if you have kids it is fantastic, we never needed to use the kids club once as it was so easy to keep watch on them in safe areas of the pool.We will go back again.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>thisisfd
<Content>Not the Best Grand Hyatt never fails to impress me, but I don鈥檛 think that I鈥檒l be back staying there for my next visit to Bali. Located in Nusa Dua, Grand Hyatt Bali is a suitable resort for family or old couples, but not for others than that. I was staying there with my family, so it wasn鈥檛 a really big deal, but next time when I鈥檒l visit Bali with my friends, Grand Hyatt is definitely out of my list. The staff was very helpful, but the resort itself is kinda disappointing. It has no 鈥楤aliness鈥?feeling in it. It feels like there鈥檚 a lack of what I should鈥檝e experienced in Bali. The resort was super huge, my room was huge too and it has its own private beach. Nusa Dua beach isn鈥檛 for surfers, so if you come to Bali to surf and enjoy the crowded beach, you鈥檙e seeking the wrong resort. Nusa Dua beach is peaceful, perfect for family or couples who want romance and relaxation. I recommend Ritz Carlton in Jimbaran area instead of Grand Hyatt.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>rpd051
<Content>Great hotel, but doens't live up to Grand Hyatt standard The hotel grounds are LARGE and look absolutely fabulous. Very well maintained! I really liked the Grand Club area, which really has a private feel to it. When sitting at the Grand Club pool, I didn't feel like I was in a 650-room hotel. The beachfront is great and large with nice warm seawater. Beware of the locals on the beach who try to sell you all kinds of things, they even woke me up from my sleep to offer me massages or something :-/The Grand Club lounge is very nice, although the service at the lounge doesn't live up the standard I'm used to at for instance the Grand Hyatt Singapore or Bangkok. The staff take each others orders, try to serve multiple tables at once and almost never managed to correctly bring us our entire order the first time. We were with six persons, and almost always at least one of us didn't get what he/she ordered.The same goes for all the restaurants at the hotel. They all look very nice, but the service isn't top-notch as I do expect from a Grand Hyatt. The restaurant staff isn't particularly quick: when we were seated, it took them on average about 15-20 mins. to come and ask what we'd like to drink, something that should be done right away in these types of restaurants.We spent new-years eve at the Balinese restaurant, which was very nice. Both the food and the ambiance were very good. Unfortunately, the new-years eve programme at this restaurant ended at about 21:00hr and we were being asked to move to the lobby, were we had to enjoy ourselved for another two and a half hours before the actual new-years eve event started. This is what I disliked most: there should have been a full-evening programme for the enormous amount of money we had to pay for this.My mom and grandma went to the Kriya spa, which they found to be absolutely fabulous. It looked great and the treatment was very good. On the other hand, they also went to the beautysalon (not part of the spa!), which they found to be dirty and old.I went to the gym, but it is quite small compared to the gyms I've seen at other Grand Hyatts. Good thing is, they have two indoor squash-courts, large sauna and outdoor pool at the gym.In general, the staff is very nice, very attentive and were always smiling. I can only review the Grand Club rooms, but they were very nice and clean. I particularly liked the enormous shower and the kingsize bed.All in all, it was a very nice holiday but if you visit Grand Hyatts around the world more often, don't expect the same service in Bali...  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	2	3	

<Author>kykiminhongkong
<Content>Fabulous facilities, not so fabulous service The Grand Hyatt has fabulous facilites. Very family friendly, great pool (no swim up bar). Good restaurants. The facilities are large and extensive and the landscaping is beautiful. Outstanding beach, fine sand, nice chairs and huts. Local hawkers are a little annoying. The service in the restaurants and front desk were lacking. The food was good but expensive but plan on 1-2 hours per meal. The staff cannot multi task and take each order/request one at time (couldn't bring more than 3 drinks at a time and don't ask for anything else with that request). The Grand Hyatt is located directly across from a new outdoor mall called the Bali collection. Nice for shopping and picking up a few items. Transportation at the Grand Hyatt worked efficiently and cheaply. Nice restaurants within a 10-15 minutes drive. Rooms were nice, big and clean. Overall a great stay, just practice some patience if eating at the resort. I would definitely return.....  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	3	3	5	

<Author>Lost_in_Civilisation
<Content>Bali Hi!! We went to this hotel and stayed in a sea view room over-looking one of their numerous lagoons. The property is really well maintained with a great Bali feel to it. The property is BIG, with numerous wings, so do take your time to study the shortest route to your room. We stayed in one of their new rooms, which was really nice and the beds comfy. And most importantly it was clean. The room was spacious and well equiped. However they might want to put in some LCD screens in down the track as my eyesight isn't what it used to be. But I couldn't find any fault in my room.We fed the numourous coy in the pond who readily swim to visit you outside your window and demand food!! So if you have kids or want a relaxing time, get some bread. Sorry to hotel management if you're not allowed to feed them. The hotel does supply drinking water but only 2 small bottles, which really isn't enough, so just popping out to buy a couple of bottles of water is advisable. You can also buy water at the hotel, and it is cheap by international standards, but depends which is the easiest for you. The swimming pool is large and great. The offer poolside service and your order will take about 15 minutes. The hotel does have facilities, but I preferred to stay by the pool and enjoy the sun, beware, you do burn very quickly without knowing it in the bali sun as I found out the hard way!! So I'd recommend SPF 15-30 if you're intending a couple of days out there. The have an italian restaurant on the beach which was nice, and most importantly the food was reasonable and good. We went out most nights to Legian (embargo, sky bar, club 66 ... you can wear shorts everywhere...). The lobby bar at the hotel is also a nice chilled place to start the night, and to get to town, the hotel does offer a taxi service at Rp100K which is reasonable (up to 6 pax), and is the ~going rate at night. During the day, ask them to call you a meter taxi, it will cost Rp75k (~USD8ish) for the 1/2 an hour trip and is air conditioned. Being the young night owl I am, I had breakfast once in my 4 day trip. And this does need to improve slightly. Service here at the hotel though is amazing, and the staff are more than willing to help. Overall I had a good time at this hotel. I wouldn't recommend it for the luxury boutique inclined, but a getway with friends or family will mean an awesome holiday.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>sayuna
<Content>Comfortable stay We chose the Grand Hyatt recently knowing that they have renovated their rooms extensively and still offer good value rate. The newly renovated room is lovely and comfy. We personally prefer the more modern than traditional Balinese room so this is suitable for us. We stayed in the hotel during peak season and seems all rooms were fully booked hence we came to expect some slippage in the service -- for instance, there were some bits of yellow stains on our linen on the last day which we would have complained under normal circumstances. But the room was always cleaned and refreshed properly otherwise. The restaurants in the resort are nice and reasonably priced compared to other hotels. We checked out Bali Collection but decided to eat at the hotel. Overall, we had a comfortable stay but it didn't make any special imprints on us - in particular we questioned why the hotel must charge additional fees for guests to use the hotel gym? though it is only $5/per day, it seems very petty to do so. It's a big and beautiful resort, most guests would likely choose outdoor activities anyway.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	3	3	4	3	4	

<Author>WYL
<Content>Sunny Bali! We booked an ocean view room for 4 nights. We are given a ocean view room in south wing and it is directly above the lagoon .Our kids had a good time feeding the fishes. The hotel had a lagoon swimming pool but it is 1.2m. All the pools are 1.2 m except this toddler pool -0.2m. My kids prefer 1 m pool so they did not enjoy swimming. The breakfast buffer is almost the same every day. Not much variety .. The room is just renovated but some furishing is old. We liked the day bed and the staff helped to make up the day bed every morning. We had to be careful leaving food in the room because it will attract ants. The hotel staff are helpful and most of them speak good English. Bali collection is within walking distance and is quite safe to take a stroll in the evening for dinner. We can purchase bottled drinks too!. At first, i am afraid of mosquitoes in the hotel compound. But mosquitoes are not found ! Most important the kids enjoy the greenary and the feeding of ducks and fishes. The Nusa Dua Camp need some improvement as my kids are not attracted to the facilities/programme. The hotel staff help to book restuarant for dinner. most of them will provide transport to pick up hotel guest. Most important , hotel in Nusa Dua has security check points and make us feel safe!  
<Date>Nov 29, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	3	4	4	4	

<Author>dutchkiwi
<Content>Convention in paradise I attended a convention in October at this hotel.The place a great for meetings and family holidays alike.The property itself is huge in terms of layout but never comes accross as this massive hotel. the landscaping and architecture of the buildings is very well done in Balinese style. It has this very friendly feel. the meeting rooms are well layed out and comfortable, the only negative, there is no wireless internet in the meeting areas.the guest rooms are large and comfortable. the beds are perfect. the bathrooms large and have a separate rain shower and toilet.We ate conference food and I must say, it was good. A good variety of selections over the three days. Also coffee and tea breaks were well catered for.The spa/healthclub is fantastic. the villas are really superb and offer a huge range of treatments from a soak in a bath to full day pampering sessions. the decor is outstanding.The staff are excellent and very friendly and helpful. Hyatt is running a good show and I will DEFINITELY return without a suit and with the family.Bali is great and the Balinese need our support. I would say, Go Bali, it is wonderful.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>afrisari
<Content>Loved it This is actually my first time staying in a Grand Hyatt hotel and I chose the Garden Club for this stay. This hotel is located in Nusa Dua, which is like a private compound with hotels located side by side so I think it's a pretty safe area to walk around for tourists.But the downside is of course Nusa Dua is far from the all the actions that is happening in Kuta, which would take 30 minutes by taxi. But hey I can't complain much because this Grand Hyatt is designed so that you can bring your family here and you can either swim in their swimming pool or the beach.The downside of this hotel is that we would have to walk quite a while from the lobby to the room. But again, the view of this hotel with their maintained gardens and surroundings made this hotel one of the best I've been.I would sure be back here because of the quiet surroundings, but if you want constant action then this is not your place, go stay in Kuta area.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>baburshah
<Content>Your typival Hyatt The hotel is everything you can (and cannot) expect form an Hyatt hotel : clean, nice staff, good pool, decent if not luxurious accomodation. Would recommend it if you can get a good rate.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JosephLosAngeles_CA
<Content>A Mediocre (at best) Experience at a Five Star Price My wife and I had stayed at the Bali Sesari Villas in Seminyak earlier in the week, but she and I both thought it would be a good idea to get more of a resort feel from the island. On the hour drive from Seminyak to Nusa Dua, I realized this was probably going to be a mistake.Nusa Dua is a clinical paradise according to my guidebook and indeed, it is nice looking - but you must check through a security checkpoint (done mainly for show) to get into the area, and then another one (also for show) to get to the Hyatt. There are lots of other hotels in the area too.When we checked in, we were informed that our room was not ready (although it was clear that the hotel was not full and we were checking in after 12pm - so not that early). They offered to host us at the bar, which I thought was very kind. I then discovered that this hosting of our drink was considered our welcome drink on arrival and we were not allowed another complimentary one. The bar is great and looks out onto the ocean - very nice. The service was prompt and friendly, but that infuriating nearly 20% service charge was attached to the bill and was on everything that we ordered.One of the staff people walked us to our room (we couldn't have been able to find it anyway as the resort is a full complex of several buildngs that are not built on an axis). We had to leave our luggage with a porter because it would have been too long to walk with it and he came later - I usually like to carry my own luggage because it has wheels and I don't have to bother another person or tip them - but in this case it was a good idea.The room was small but functional and very well appointed. We were in a far-off room overlooking the tennis courts - so not a great view. I was expecting something a bit better since we booked the romance package. The room also had an odd design - there was an opening between the bathroom and bedroom which helped the room appear more spacious, but it wasn't necessarily ideal. There was also a lounging area that was basically like a twin bed in a corner that had been dressed up to look like a lounge. I would have preferred that they just make the balcony larger.The bathroom water had an odd smell to it. I read that they purify their water on site which may have resulted in the strange smell - but it was off-putting regardless and I didn't really want to take a bath although the tub was inviting.The restaurants at they Hyatt all seemed to serve similar tasting food and all at terribly high prices. We were there for four nights and thankfully we found the Bali Connection (a large outdoor mall just across the street from the resort) as an alternative place to eat. It probably saved us 50% or more in our dining costs during our stay. It was also way more lively, more dining options, and more fun.The multiple pools were good and there did seem to be enough lounges and chairs for everyone. The water sport rentals, however, were ridiculously priced. The surfboard was $40 USD per hour... I had previously paid $30 in Seminyak for a van to pick me up, drive me to Kuta, and have a three hour lesson with a personal surf instructor. If I had rented the board for the whole day, I would have spent enough money to buy a new one! The beach was nice, but the waves weren't for surfing. Low tide is kind of cool - some small tide pools form and you can go out and explore crabs and other small wildlife. Snorkling right outside the hotel on their beach is uneventful, but there are cheap cruises you can take - go to the table in the supermarket at the bali connection.Our rate came with free access to the health club - which is too small. There were three treadmills for the entire resort and a very small weight room. I think there were classes, however, that one could have taken. The rate also came with a free breakfast which was the best part of our stay. It was very filling, lots of choices and very fresh: egg bar, fresh fruit, cereals, asian food options, etc. When I eat at a five star resort, however, the service should be great - and this wasn't. I had to ask for coffee and butter multiple times and even water as well. Oh yeah, and the room comes with complimentary bottled water - which means you get two 8 ounce bottles per day. Why would a resort like this nickel and dime their patrons?Also, the resort was nice in providing us with a welcome packet for our honeymoon including a gift - but the entire packet was listed in Japanese and everything that they sent to me was in Japanese as well. I'm of mixed race and have a Japanese last name - so they must have assumed I was Japanese but I would have preferred they ask - especially after seeing me, my white wife, and the fact that I booked the rate in US dollars from their US website.So the staff was friendly, but the whole experience felt measured, was certainly expensive, and ultimately not worth the price paid for such an experience. If you go to Bali - experience Bali - don't just go to a resort. I live in Los Angeles and could have just checked into a hotel here and probably gotten a better experience.Oh, and by the way, the room service stinks here. It's prompt, but the food isn't worth it.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>safircraze
<Content>Loved the pool and the beach Grand hyatt in Nusa Dua is a beautiful complex, very large with sprawling 4 wings amidst nicely manicured gardens. Stayed there for three nights, the room (was in wing 4 after moved from wing 1), was huge with day bed that can serve as spare bed in addition to the king size one i had. The good points about this hotel: room large, usual complete amenities, very polite staff, food is yummy, huge selection for breakfast, pool is huge, children would love it-- it's like mini water-boom-, the bar has great sweeping view of the sea, and they mixed drinks well. Now the down side: it's so huge, so it's tiring to walk from one wing to the other, which i had to do. Wing 1 (and 2 i heard) rooms are the old ones without internet broadband. wing 3 is the best, near the beach and has internet. Wing 1 is near the beach and pool w/o internet. Wifi in the lobby? forget it.. never worked. had i been there for a holiday, it would've been a great place to stay. But as i was on business, regularly walking between my room and my friend's.. on the last day, i had very sore feet.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>The1stMrsT
<Content>Very Grand We stayed at the Grand Bali Hyatt, Nusa Dua for the second week of our honeymoon in Bali and it was fabulous - the accomodation was definitely top notch. There were loads of amazing pools and a fantastic beach where you could swim in the sea (tide is fine until about 2pm). It's resort based so touristy and more expensive than rest of island and there were quite a few kids but not so many it ruined it. It made a good combo with our first week when we stayed at the Bali Hyatt in Sanur - would definitely recommend a week at each for variety, finishing at the Grand. Fabulous.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Snookystraveltips
<Content>fantastic quality hotel       water slide  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>happy_voyager
<Content>Grand Hyatt Bali Stayed for 5 nights with my husband. Great resort with many out-door pools. Gardens and bamboo trees everywhere, which is great for taking pictures. We enjoyed walking to the hotel beach around sunset time, and also at night to look at the stars. There were never that many people there. We loved the comfy day bed in our room and the fact that the bathroom window opened into the room. We ate at all the restaurants (Japenese, Balinese, International) druing our stay and liked all of it. Also, quite surprisingly, the food was not as expensive as we thought (for hotels standards). We also paid for a 3-day pass for the steam room, sauna, jacuzzi, and private pool, which was well worth it. There is a large supermarket within walking distance which we frequented every day to buy drinks and snacks. We really enjoyed our stay and will definitely return.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>uetikonamsee
<Content>Extensive renovations Although I'm sure the Grand Hyatt is a reasonably nice hotel generally, do beware if you have booked a Grand Club Room. The Grand Club has been closed for renovations for some time (it was just reopening when we left due to customer pressure, but was suffering numerous teething problems). The Hotel opted to keep the Grand Club open during the renovation work so as not to lose revenue, but housed guests in the cheapest area of the hotel, namely the West Village. The rooms here are rather dark and dingy and located at the back of the hotel. The hotel claims they have been renovated, but the renovations only extend to painting the walls. Our room had large damp patches, badly scuffed and stained floors and bed-linen so washed out that on some nights it was ripped. We were extremely disappointed with the standard of accommodation and would have chosen another hotel if we had known the Grand Club was unavailable. By the way, it costs 60 dollars per room per night to upgrade to the Grand Club locally, but Kuoni charged us 70 pounds per night. The grounds are very nicely laid out and the main swimming pool and river pool with waterslide are very nice. The only problem is that they become rather over-crowded. Although we had paid for the use of the private Grand Club pool it was shut and no alternative was offered. Throughout our 14 night stay we were unable to get sunbeds around the pool and sat on the beach instead which was quieter but rather windy. The Bay Club pool only has 8 sunbeds and the Balinese pool is probably more suitable for adults. We found the hotel restaurants (those that were actually open) rathr lacking in atmosphere and used the Galleria shopping centre oppposite and took taxis to Jimbaran Bay (great for sunsets and fish dinners on the beach) and other local restaurants such as the Bumbu Bali.Overall we had a very negative experience at the Grand Hyatt due to the closure of the Grand Club for renovations, the closure of the Grand Club pool and the closure of 2 restaurants and in these circumstances it is difficult to be positive about the resort. However, I think it would be a pleasant place to stay once all the renovations have been completed and out of the high season. The Grand Club rooms looked as though they will be very nice when completed, but the standard of room in the west village is certainly not 5-star. We have stayed in many other 5-star hotels and although the grounds and hotel facilities compare well the rooms really let this hotel down. For information, we heard good things about the Sheraton, Westin and the Conrad.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	2	2	2	2	1	

<Author>Katergo
<Content>Nice hotel ... in a tourist ghetto       room  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	1	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Love2Travel_30
<Content>Lovely Hotel       Kriya Spa  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>KristjanS
<Content>Watch out Phuket! After arriving late from Singapore, we were driven to our hotel (took about 40 mins.). Beware of the scam whereby you arrive all hot and tired and just want to get out of there, when you're approached by what look like airport workers. They work in pairs, and claim that they are there to assist you with your baggage. They tried to charge me IRP 50,000 for our suitcases all of the 100 metres to the taxi stand outside the terminal. In all guide books it states that IRP 5000 is more than adequate. I'm by no means stingy, but it was the principle of the matter.Arriving at Grand Hyatt in the dark was a little confusing. The hotel grounds are huge, and for the first time visitor can be extremely confusing, especially the lack of signposting from the main area of the hotel to the Club area. We were efficiently shown to the Club concierge area where we were checked in at a leisurely pace, seated in their restaurant/bar area. Cold refreshing towels and a welcome drink were a nice touch.Staff was courteous and helpful - their knowledge of english was limited but a warm smile and greeting were never far away. They were genuinely concerned that we enjoyed our stay to the fullest. The Club Concierge was open walled, right next to two large pools filled with carp. Great spread and good choice of food and drink, both for breakfast and cocktails. Complimentary snacks, soft drinks all day, as well as free cocktails every evening from 5-7 pm were all part of the Club package. Rooms were spacious and well appointed, with balcony and well laid out bathroom. Bathroom had of course bath and shower, with separate toilet and even a walk in wardrobe! Huge chaise longue/daybed in room was a bonus. Views from our room were stunning. Although the hotel grounds were more like a miniature village, everything was fairly compact and a 5-minute walk away. Good amenities, laundry service was very efficient, offering 10% discount to Gold Passport membership. The spa was touted heavily in the general reception area, never used its facilities, as I thought USD 75 per person for a massage was rather steep. We found a nearby hotel offering considerably cheaper alternatives - the Benoa Ramada, a 10-15 min. taxi ride away. We were treated to an hours massage there, with a body scrub and relaxing bath afterwards and all for USD 50 for two persons! Pool was amazing - spread out across the entire resort, with at least three different kinds of pool, suiting all tastes. The pool bar and restaurant was of a consistently high standard, but with prices well above the Bali average, what you would expect from a hotel of this calibre. My only gripes were that internet access was not included in the room rate - when paying that much extra for a Club room, this should be offered free of charge. There appeared to be quite a bit of renovation work going on at the time of our stay, so the Club Concierge with pool was closed and relocated. Fortunately the work wasn't so disturbing to the hotel surroundings.On our last day by the pool however, it looked as if the resort managment had let in a local school to enjoy the pool facilities, with loads of kids and their minders thronging around the pool. I've nothing against children, but I don't think it was appropriate that full paying guests should feel that they were unable to use the pool and its facilities.Staying at an american hotel made me a little nervous, especially after the earlier bomb blasts on the island. However entering and leaving Nusa Dua involved thorough security checks. The security guard with his scanner at the hotel lobby entrance was completely unneccessary as he seldom made people walk through the scanning gate with their bags and the like.Finally, two tips. Five minutes walk from the hotel, there's a walled compound called Bali Collection, containing loads of shops, with famous names (Sogo, Ralph Lauren, Versace etc.)There are also numerous restaurants, among stothers the Coco Bistro. Charming, extremely friendly staff treated us like royalty every time we ate there and the food and drink were excellent and relatively cheap.Just opposite the complex, we booked a taxi driver for the day. He took us all around the southern part of Bali, to Ubud, Denpasar, Seminyak, Kuta, Jimbaran for USD 60/GBP 30. We were out driving with him for the best part of seven hours, and he would wait for us for an hour or so when we went to see certain attractions. Money well spent.A most relaxing stay and I will definitely stay here again. We've always had Phuket, Thailand as our favourite destination, but it looks as if Phuket now has some serious competition!  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>SimpsonsCapeTown
<Content>great hotel for adults and kids my husband and i stayed with out seven year old and one year old at this hotel for eight nights.we loved our fabulous ,modern room with its huge bathroom which had ample space to store all our luggage and our huge pram without making the bathroom look untidy.our kids loved the slide at the pool and this kept them entertained for the day.the breakfast was of a high standard wih a great variety even for fussy little ones.the only problem for us was that food at the hotel was very expensive and the restuarants which was close by were also very expensive.this hotel is a taxi ride to just about everywhere so depending on the type of person you are you might enjoy the remoteness or become bored. having been to phuket and a few of the malaysian islands i found bali expensive but would recommend this hotel for tranquility, beauty ,design and high standard of cleanliness  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rosspas
<Content>Wonderfuk experience We spent 3 nights at Grand Hyatt in Nusa Dua and we loved it!The room is clean, nice and absolute great vacation place even with the kids.Breakfast (included) is excelent! many choices. Great service!The swimming pools lay out are very nice, I think it is 7 pools and all connected. Private beach and great place to relax, very quite!IGreat lobby and atmosphere. everything is excelent here.Highly recomended.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Calven
<Content>Excellent new room Booked the newly renovated Grand room because of the photo in the hotel website and it turn out nicer than its picture. We were given a ground floor unit next to a koi pond in the West Village. Our children had a wonderful time feeding and playing with the hundreds of fish lurking just outside our balcony. The room and bathroom was cosy and spacious enough even with 2 adults and 2 children. The hotel was huge and the main pools were about 200m walk. However the surrounding Balinese landscape with beautiful gardens,ponds,trees and flowers make our walk really pleasant.The 3 pools just next to the beach with slides, waterpolo and warm jacuzzi was fun for all. Shopping and dining at Bali Collection is only a 100m or 5 minute stroll. If you want to stay at Nusa Dua with children, I doubt any other hotels can beat Grand Hyatt.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>alok
<Content>wonderful 6 swimming pools what more could u want on a beach holiday!the staff was extremely warm and friendly,good sized rooms,we were upgraded to a club room as the air conditioning in our room wasnt so great.just one little complaint wish thhere was more variety at the buffet breakfast.will be back!  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lovecat
<Content>"good, but not great". Nusa Dua is beautiful, and the Grand Hyatt is HUGE and very beautifully presented, but I wasn't as impressed as I was expecting to be.The hotel and grounds itself are STUNNING. The rooms are lovely. However! After asking for a quiet room (since the last hotel we stayed in was noisey as!) we were given a room surrounded by airline crew there for a conference and were kept awake late into the night by their noise, and awoken before 7am every morning by their noise! Not the hotel's fault really, however they should never have put us there in the first place, and the rooms have nothing to absorb the noise from furniture etc (i.e. no carpet, curtains etc). Our room was ground level with a balcony with a massive koi pond (my fiance was tempted to go fishing for koi). After feeding the koi Pringles, a massive lizard swam up and gobbled the remaining bits, which was pretty cool!What is with shutting the pool at 8pm? In Bali, people want to SWIM!! Probably would sell a lot more cocktails if it were open much later!The food and drinks are what you would expect from a 5 star hotel, but not that great again and it just seemed to highly-priced for what you got (well, after paying on average 8,000 RP for a coke in Kuta, 30,000 seems steep, even though it's only AU$4!).The breakfasts included in our package were SENSATIONAL! Absolutely anything you could want in a breakfast! Beautiful!Kids would have a great time here. The pools are lagoon like, with a very warm pool and a more temperate lagoon pool, and there's 2 big slides (for adults AND children!), and a kids club. I would have my wedding here, as the location is just gorgeous. We didn't see even 1/3 of the grounds, as it's so huge! But the noisey room really ruined it for us, and eating there is expensive. I forgot to use my 20% off spa voucher, so I couldn't tell you how that was. Looked gorgeous though.Practically next door you have the Bali Collection which is a group of shops and restaurants and a bistro with free transfers to the Grand Hyatt (so you don't have to stumble back to your hotel after a few cocktails, just all the way to your room!). Look out for the tiny kitty who is overly friendly and freaks out Japanese tourists for some reason. It's actually a very nice cat - give it food (prawns are it's favorite). So all up, if you get a good deal price-wise, stay at this hotel to relax by the pool and on the beach, and do some water sports (although expensive if done through the hotel).  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Louise51
<Content>Outstanding hotel My boyfriend and I have just returned from a 4 night stay at the Grand Hyatt in Bali.The hotel was simply out of this world; a true 5 star resort that cannot fail to impress. I was very surprised on my return to read the poor traveller reviews as I am quite fussy and like my luxuries yet was delighted with this hotel!The hotel extends over a massive expanse of land, filled with beautiful Balinese water features, flowers and gardens and is situated right on the clean and lovely Nusa Dua beach. The hotel area is beautifully maintained with, we were told, some 900 staff. The staff were incredibly friendly, with a warm smile and always willing to help you.We paid a bit more to stay in the Grand Club King room with Ocean view which would throughly recommend - entitles you to a far superior room with wonderful view and free drinks in the GC Lounge between 5 and 7pm.I would throroughly recommend this hotel to anyone interetsed in a luxurious relaxing stay in a paradise setting!  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>baldsoprano
<Content>Do Not Stay Here I have been to Bali numerous times and have stayed in a range of places from luxurious five-star resorts to three-star hotels. I have always been blown away by the quality of the rooms and service no matter where I stayed. I thought you could not have a bad experience in Bali, that is until I stayed in the Grand Hyatt. I am disappointed to say that the Grand Hyatt in Nusa Dua completely ruined my last trip to Bali. We had arranged for a hotel car to pick us up. The car that showed up was a run down car that I didn't even recognize and worst of all, the air-condition was broken. The driver also barely spoke English. Then there was some mix-up where they put us in a room meant for another couple with a baby. We had a difficullt time reaching the front desk to ask them to send someone to remove the crib from the room. After about 5 calls someone finally came. Then we discovered the bathroom was not cleaned properly. There were things left behind from the previous guests that were not thrown away. Again, after numerous calls someone finally answered and promised to send housekeeping over, but no one ever showed up. Overall, the attitude of the staff was very poor and that's when we decided to leave the hotel and ask for our money back. We immediately checked ourselves into the Westin nearby. Just wanted to share our experience so others won't have their vacations spoiled.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>1	3	1	3	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>BenBM
<Content>Very relaxing stay I don't normally bother writing reviews, but having just come back from the Grand Hyatt Bali I feel compelled to do so. We stayed a week and loved every minute of it. The gardens are beautifuly landscaped, the food excellent, the beach is fantastic and there are more than enough swimming pools to go around - the gym is also well equiped and well maintained. The staff are very friendly and cannot do enough to help. Of course as you are in a 5* hotel you expect to pay 5* prices - like 拢3.50 for a bottle of water, but there is a supermarket just outside the hotel which is obviously a lot cheaper.The rooms are sizeable with balconies overlooking the gardens and are well furnished and comfortable, with large beds... fruit and small bottles of water are also provided daily free of charge.The only criticism I have was that the Balinese restaurant was closed for the whole time and only open to Grand Club members. Hyatt seem to be investing a lot of cash in building grand club rooms and also have a swimming pool just for Grand Club members - I can't really see the point in the exclusivity given that the resort itself is exclusive. Apart from that, I would, however recommend this resort to anyone.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CarlandSam
<Content>Good, but didnt knock my socks off We stayed here on honeymoon in Jan 07 for 6 nights. Its a nice hotel, in a nice setting, but really have got to agree with the comment that this is a hotel which will take your money for any reason imaginable. In Bali generally, tourists are cash-cows, the more the beat you, the more you pay! We were charged for 30 mins internet access (regardless of whether we used 5 mins or 30 mins). The service was very slow, especially then we changed travellers cheques, but the staff are very friendly and always great you with a smile and ask how you are - yes, you would expect that from any hotel, but the Balianese smile is very warm.This is a 5 star hotel with 5 star prices, so if you eat or drink in the hotel expect to pay....a lot!!!!! but right outside the hotel door is the Bali Collection (a collection of 8-10 resteraunts and 10-12 shops and a supermarket) which is far more reasonably priced. If you are expecting Bali to be cheap, think again. If you eat in Nusa Dua, expect to pay more for food and drink. Yes it is cheaper then UK prices, but when you are there (and you dont convert prices back to your own currency) it feels like you are paying over the odds, and you are! Its a resort full of 5 star hotels and they know it. Therefore everything in Nusa Dua costs more than anywhere else in Bali. My strongest recommendation is to venture out of Nusa Dua as much as possible. Jimboran Bay is VERY nice for food (mainly seafood though) and you can eat on the beach with the ocean crawling up the sand just meters from your table.Its a nice hotel with a nice beach, nice pool and nice settings. But is you want something more than nice, choose somewhere else!  
<Date>Jan 11, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	3	2	2	

<Author>Nuleewed
<Content>Peace and Tranquility in Bali       Traditional Balinese Pool  
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>MaxBolotnikov
<Content>I like this hotel very mach!       Grand Club Lobby  
<Date>Dec 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Elvis2006
<Content>Great stay in paradise We spent 10 great days on honeymoon here. It was our first time in Bali and we loved our stay at the Grand Hyatt Bali.Yes the hotel food and drink was expensive but if you venture out there are really cheap options. The hotel pools were great and the beach was always empty, so there was plenty of space.The room was fairly new and comfortable. We would definately recommend hiring a driver for the day to see the island. there are plenty of drivers plying their trade out side the hotel grounds.The hotel staff were friendly and polite and they always had time to say hello and make you feel welcome.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>sfclue
<Content>Best hotel on Bali  I've been to Bali six times in the last few year and this is the best hotel on the island. The food at the Hotel was fairly priced the hotel staff was the most friendly and helpful people that I ever had. The pools are large enough for you to have an area for yourself. The beach is clean and not busy like Kuta. The rooms were large and well maintained. The Hotel has been there for a while and their grounds are huge that allows you to walk freely.As of writting this, most of the hotel rooms have been remodeled and appear to have spent some serious cash doing so. There is a shopping mall across the road with a grocery store and other stores. The conference center is either on the property just adjacent.I would return to the GRAND HYATT BALI again and again  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Devika
<Content>Beautiful Bali       View from the lobby  
<Date>Sep 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>TomWalker
<Content>Heaven on earth! This was lovely! We stayed 10 days at this paradise and it will definitely not be the last time. The staff is 100% dedicated. Perfect location, nice people, delicious food, real espresso and 2 very kind musicians in the lobby every night. BTW if you're looking for a driver for a short or long trip or for a day: Putu was responsible for half of the pleasure during our stay. You can contact him [-----------] and his base is outside the hotel (beach entrance of Bali Collection).John  Family from Amsterdam, Netherlands  
<Date>Aug 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Asiaishome
<Content>Great place - just go there!       The beach  
<Date>Aug 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Sybil_Fawlty
<Content>Excellent Service       View across the Lobby  
<Date>Jul 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>fins87
<Content>Looking forward to their fully renovated rooms! Great for kids! This was like our 5th or 6th visit to Bali and our first time at the Grand Hyatt. Overall, the hotel delivered on making our kids enjoy our stay - the surroundings, pools and slides were just all over that our daughter (10 yrs. old) and son (5 yrs. old) cannot have enough of them every day. When I made the internet booking, there was a notice of ongoing construction work at the main lobby. Upon arrival, true enough, the main lobby was cordoned off but the lounge directly behind it was already open and fully renovated - very tasteful Asian/Modern furniture and furnishings and of course a welcoming view of the hotel's gardens all the way up to to beach! We cant wait to see how the entire lobby would look like once the refurbishments are complete! We did struggle with finding the right room for us. Initially, we were billeted in the farthest end of a wing facing the gardens. I was wondering why we had to stay in this part of the hotel where the occupancy was only less than 25%. I asked the bellboy and he did say that in the wing where we were initially billetted, there were like less than 10 guests out of 100+ rooms. I had to request for a transfer and after two other options, the hotel staff finally upgraded us to a corner room suite. The room was large enough - with a well positioned storage area for clothes and luggages right after the door. There was a living area with TV- though the TV was located far away from the seating area thereby limiting our viewing pleasure and you would end up upping the volume which can be too loud inside the room. Physically though, the interior of the room looks very dated with furniture pieces showing the hotel's age. We liked the nightly gesture of turning the bed with a twist - a wayang or traditional doll was placed in our bedside and these changed every night for the entire 4 nights we stayed! These even became a mini-event to look forward to for our kids everytime we want back to our rooms. The bathroom was large enough with a shower, bathtub and separate enclosure for the toilet. The only downside to the bathroom is that the shower had no enclosure/curtains and it did get very wet on the bathroom hall (though the entire room was separate from the rest of the bedroom). We had to lay at least two towels so that going out of the shower will not be a risky and slippery encounter. Elsewhere, the pools and grounds of the hotel delivered the Grand label for this Hyatt Hotel. We enjoyed the endless options of hopping from one pool to the other - there was even one full day that the kids did nothing but explore each nook and cranny of the 4 or more something pools around the hotel grounds. The service and food were just fine - the breakfast venue had the staff offering you your own choice of freshly squeezed juice and brought to the table! they even bring you a warm basket of bread/pastries! That was a nice detail!We had a chance to peek into one of the rooms undergoing renovation and it sure does look very promising. We will give this hotel another visit when the renovated rooms would then be made available. Overall, a good hotel experience!  
<Date>Jul 10, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>BanaPona
<Content>Nice Rooms with Mediocre Service/Attitude in a Mediocre Setting       Bed and Wardrobe area  
<Date>Jul 9, 2006
<Rating>2	1	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Hotel       View of hotel gardens and the ocean  
<Date>Jun 18, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>English
<Content>5 Star Hotel       Bedroom  
<Date>Jun 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cmoncymru
<Content>loved the grand hyatt       ann, tony and Ayu  
<Date>Jun 2, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Impressed with customer service and the gardens and pools Very helpful staff and the grounds and gardens were stunning. Also, it's right next to the beach so if you really want to get away from it all, you can just stay at the hotel and lounge on the beach. I even saw a little monkey in a little temple in the gardens. My room was not the most stunning but clean and had an ocean view. I had one level up from a standard room. Would definitely recommend this place and come back here. (I stayed here April 2005)  
<Date>Feb 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jvdv
<Content>Pleased but not excited It is a big resort, a bit impersonal. The staff was friendly and efficient. Great pool(s), gardens and nice rooms (we stayed in a Grand Club room). The prices of the food and drinks are high. The hotel is under construction. They claim Welcome to Parad茂se but fail to meet these high set expectations. We were a little bit disappointed with the service and quality level but consider it still an ok hotel.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>6723Dennis
<Content>A really bad experience Just back from an 1-week stay at the Grand Hyatt Bali, that was a really bad experience. The grounds were wonderful but that was all. Almost half of the hotel was under renovation and two restaurants were closed. The quality of the rooms was for sure not a 5 star standard. The wet-type bathroom had no shower curtain and satellite TV was not available. What we considered unacceptable was the breakfast buffet, that had a very limited choice, an average quality and a disgraceful hygienic level with most food exposed to myriads of flies before the eyes of the mostly inefficient waiters who gave us the impression that our being there was rather an inconvenience to them. The meals at the hotel restaurants were ridiculously expensive and of average quality (exception : the Japanese restaurant); thus, we actually decided to eat elsewhere (we highly recommend Waterfall and Lagoon restaurants at Hilton Bali). Unsurprisingly, the impact of the second bombing (October 2005) on the Balinese economy and hotel performance is severe. Since, as we were told, the occupancy of Grand Hyatt Bali did not exceed 38%, we are unable to understand why its overall service ranged between average and nightmare. We expected to find -at least- at the front desk a professional staff, but they were mostly rude and inefficient. We will never waste our time and money in this hotel again.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Dewboy
<Content>Outstanding - don't always believe what you read! Having just returned from a 10 night stay at the Grand Hyatt Bali, I couldn't descirbe the hotel anymore than 'outstanding'.Some of the most friendly and help people I have ever coming across (we could learn a lot from them), extremely clean (bed and laundry change, complete dust and mopping everyday) spacious and comfortable rooms and a paradise venue. The Grand Club upgrade is well worth having - free drinks of your choice from 5-7pm plus they put on a mouth watering buffet including local dishes, satay, spring rolls, fresh fruit, sushi and some great cheeses! The pools were beattiful, though the main pool was a little hot after a full days sun, but if you have access to the grand club pool this isn't a problem.The grounds are maticulously manicured 24/7, to provide an idilliac baliniese surrounding. The Japanese restaurant is very good in the resort (considering I don't like sushi, the stuff they serve here is devine - melts like butter in your mouth). Saying that all the food is good, and so are their cocktails! Food and drink in the hotel isn't cheap - and 拢1.50 for a bottle of water is a bit on the steep side(however is is free all day in the grand club pool area!). Nusa Dua is only a short 10minute walk away, to an array of restaurants and bars. 拢10 will buy a couple a supurb meal - inc starter, main course and beer. Tropical is worth a visit on the east side of town. Plus Bumbu Bali is worth a visit too. All the restaurants provide free pick up to and from the hotel.In all a great holiday, and I wish all the best to the staff at the Grand Hyatt who made our stay so enjoybable! Well worth a visit!  
<Date>Nov 23, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bali-dreaming
<Content>What an upgrade ! Having been to Bali 12 times, it feels a little like home to return to the Grand Hyatt. The danger was that the hotel is ageing and in need of its current renovation. We stayed in garden view rooms for 4 nights - not bad, but nothing special. We then upgraded to beachfront Grand Club rooms. Unfortunately these rooms were booked out  we were upgraded to the Villa. This was no ordinary villa ! Three bedrooms, private pool, jacuzzi, lounge, dining, kitchen and private beach entrance. Absolutely sensational ! Normally sells for AUD$3000 per nite, but ours for the price of two ordinary rooms ! Staff were excellent as always. Strongly suggest going to The Terrace at Amanusa for dinner, also Spice at the Conrad. After the Villa, our subsequent trip to the Oberoi paled in significance!  
<Date>Nov 14, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Family type hotel although too large... It was somewhat tough to follow a night at the Legian in Seminiak. On the + side, the Grand hyatt is a good 3 to 4 day break for family with young kids which will enjoy the multiple pools and The Slide, the safe environment 'although you can easily get lost in this huge complex', kind staff and with pleasant and clean beach. On the - side, the hotel is situated in Nusa Dua, a rather dull tourist getho on the east side of Bali with non sunset views. While there are a lot of water sport activities on offer at a rather expensive price, the beach is not really condusive to surf, snorkling, sailing or windsurfing because of the reef. We managed to dive at one of the diving centers in Benosa and it was a good experience. When we realised that they had tried to fit the four of us in a standard Grand club room, we upgraded to a suite which was OK but not great. In summary, the kids loved it. For adults, the fitness/spa center of the hotel and great gardens is a good way to rest before going into more active sort of holidays where you meet the real people of Bali.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2005
<Rating>4	3	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Beach-Hotel       Grand Club Room  
<Date>Sep 30, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>tilzey
<Content>Gardens were fabulous鈥?but that was all. My husband and I just returned from 8 days at the Grand Hyatt Bali, we loved Bali and when we return we would not stay at the Grand Hyatt again. They give you a very nice welcome upon arrival, a flower lei, sounding the gong, and a cold towel. The gardens of the hotel were gorgeous and the public areas were very well maintained. The rooms were another story. The first room that we had was their standard room. It was spacious and had a nice sitting area. The room was not very clean and in need of renovation. When we first arrived I went to lie down on the bed after our long trip and I rolled over on the pillow to find a big bug starring at me. After that we asked to change rooms, but because half of the hotel was under renovation they had no other standard rooms available. The next morning we were awoken at 6:00 am to the sound furniture being dragged across the floor above us. This went on until about 9:00 am. (to make the beds and clean the room they pull the furniture away from the wall across the floor) We went though this one more morning before we decided to upgrade to a Grand Club Room. It was about the same size and quality as the standard room, but the bathroom was nicer and it was a little more quite. But although we upgraded our room we still weren鈥檛 allowed to access the Grand Club. We weren鈥檛 told about until we went to the Grand Club to have a drink and were asked to leave in front of several other guests. When we asked why were told by the Grand Club staff that even though we upgraded our room if we wanted to use the Club that we would have to pay an additional fee to use the Club. Needless to say we were pretty offended.All in all the up sides to the Grand Hyatt are the gardens beautiful, there are fish ponds everywhere, the staff (besides the Grand Club) are very nice, good breakfast, and the pools are great. The down sides are the food and drinks are very expensive, the beach isn鈥檛 anything special and during low tide the water is not accessible, there are ants everywhere (our bathroom in both rooms and all of the pool decks were covered in them, I had over 20 ant bites in the first 2 days we were there), the rooms need renovations, there is no sunset, it is too huge, no internet access in the rooms, and it wasn鈥檛 anything special.Next time we go to Bali we would stay on the west coast, where the beaches are nice all day, you get the gorgeous Bali sunsets, and you can stay at the really nice hotels over on that side for less than the Grand Hyatt.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GeordieBoy1
<Content>Wow on resort...urgh on room On arrival you are festooned with flowers but our allocated room was a disgrace...dirty beds and ants in the bathroom. After a rather swift call to the desk manager we were given a suite in the club complex...very nice!The resort is vast and very well manicured. Our kids really enjoyed the huge pool areas and especially the water slide. Beware of the monitor lizard in the lagoon pool....Breakfast was included in our deal and was sumptious...we alternated between the main cafe and the beach front cafe for breakfast...Meals in the evening were good, but nothing special...the bar on the beachfront above the restaurant is perfect for sunset drinks of Bintang!Get the hotel to book a sunset meal at Ku De Ta in Seminyak...well worth it for the ambience and cool laid back music...Overall an excellent relaxing break....  
<Date>Sep 7, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>albk
<Content>Grand outside but not inside The word Grand certainly does not do justice. Sure the grounds were spectacular but the same couldn't be said of the rooms itself. There was cane furniture and the interior was plain to say the least. It looked like it was set in the 70's. When we saw the grounds we thought, Wow but our jaws just simply dropped when we were shown the rooms. It was certainly not worth every cent that we spent on the resort, and breakfast was not even included in the package. It was priced at US$20 per person! And because the resort was in a secluded area - there aren't shops or restaurants just outside the resort for an alternative, you just had to have your breakfast there on the resort. My advice is when going to Bali, check the location of your hotel. If you want convenience to shops and restaurants, please stay in a hotel in the Kuta area. It's populated with tourists and locals but everything is there. And please, it's not exactly a tourist paradise anymore. Everything is ridiculously expensive and it's really not worth going there. That would have been my first and last trip there.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2005
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Paradise! This hotel and its surroundings are however you imagine paradise x by 10!!My boyfriend and I fell in love with this hotel and shall be returning next year.We stayed at the hotel for 4 nights and they were some of the best nights of our 5 week trip to Singapore, Australia and Bali.The staff are so helpful and couldn't do enough for you, the food is fantastic and the room was out of this world.The surrounding area of Nusa Dua was lovely with some fantastic restaurants. Kuta is a short/cheap taxi journey away.We recommend that you have a massage on the beach and try one of the hotels Strawberry Juice drinks- beautiful!!!!We can't wait to return next year.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mexicoluv
<Content>great lobby bar and pool This to me, is the best hotel in Bali...classy all the way through.Just a spectacular place....  
<Date>Aug 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not for me thanks   showReview(3751542, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 10, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>DragonI
<Content>Very disappointed   showReview(3724376, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>westender
<Content>enjoyable   showReview(3720361, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice but forgettable   showReview(3547750, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 13, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Gingersnaps
<Content>First Bali stay   showReview(3520380, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 2, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful surroundings at the Grand Hyatt   showReview(3486960, 'full');   
<Date>May 19, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>champagnetraveler
<Content>Great first timer hotel to Bali   showReview(2969666, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 2, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tips
<Content>EXCELLENT!! highly recommended!   showReview(2418113, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Value for your money   showReview(2323415, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 26, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>OnThePoint
<Content>Outstanding resort for families   showReview(2295571, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>銇姐倱銇°倗
<Content>搴冦亸銇︿綍鏃ャ亜銇︺倐椋姐亶銇俱仜銈?#x201d;   showReview(23365230, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2009
<Rating>5	4	3	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>nanana077
<Content>銇ㄣ仸銈傘倛銇勩儧銉嗐儷銇с仐銇?#x201d;   showReview(23089780, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉偩銉笺儓姘楀垎銈掑懗銈忋亜浜恒伀   showReview(22855730, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瀹舵棌锛嗗弸閬斻仺銇梾琛?#x201d;   showReview(22855554, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>neopluto
<Content>妤姐仐銈併伨銇椼仧锛?#x201d;       閮ㄥ眿銇儛銉偝銉嬨兗銇嬨倝銇涵銇ⅷ鏅仹銇?/a>  
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈兗銈枫儯銉炽儞銉ャ兗   showReview(21745218, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Malaysia1Hamburg
<Content>Es lohnt nur der Grand Club   showReview(20997426, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>銇°們銇°們
<Content>搴冦仚銇庯綖   showReview(20991706, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Senator07
<Content>Ein top Hotel in jeder Hinsicht       Blick von der Lobby zum Meer  
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	3	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍎泤銇ソ銇椼亸閬庛仈銇欍儛銉?#x201d;   showReview(21744680, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>amysuke
<Content>闆板洸姘椼亴銇欍伆銈夈仐銇?#x201d;   showReview(20712194, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>ClaraJun
<Content>SPA銇屾渶楂橈紒锛?#x201d;       銉儞銉笺儵銈︺兂銈?/a>  
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉偩銉笺儓銈ㄣ儶銈伄銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(20753561, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇撱倢銇炪儶銈俱兗銉堬紒锛?#x201d;   showReview(20753260, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>銇°伋銇俱倠
<Content>搴冦€呫仺銇椼仸姘楁寔銇°亜銇勩儧銉嗐儷锛?#x201d;   showReview(19729521, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>tarepanda-a
<Content>閬娿伓銇ㄣ亾銈嶃亴銇熴亸銇曘倱   showReview(19533727, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鎰熷嫊锛侊紒   showReview(19914786, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绱犳暤銇с仐銇燂紒   showReview(19172186, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鐧掋仌銈屻仧銇侊紒锛?#x201d;   showReview(19169904, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>宸ㄥぇ銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(19169732, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉偩銉笺儓鎰熴亜銇ｃ伇銇勩€?#x201d;   showReview(19168637, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瀵惧繙鎮仐   showReview(19168494, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇ㄣ伀銇嬨亸搴冦亸銈儸銈ゃ伀...   showReview(21803173, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉屻偟銉夈偉銈伄銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(19167298, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇ㄣ伀銇嬨亸搴冦亜   showReview(19166685, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇层倣銉笺亜锛?#x201d;   showReview(19166225, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉椼兗銉仹婧€鍠?#x201d;   showReview(19165187, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈广儜銇儣銉笺儷銇屻亰鍕с倎銇с仚銆?#x201d;   showReview(19163712, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>搴冦亜銇仹杩峰瓙銇仾銈娿仢銇嗐仾銇愩倝銇勩仹銇?#x201d;   showReview(19163568, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏃ユ湰椋熷崡棰ㄣ伅銇ㄣ仸銈傘亰銇勩仐銇?#x201d;   showReview(19162798, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	2	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉偩銉笺儓姘楀垎銇屾簚鍠仹銇嶃倠銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(19161628, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉涖儐銉仹銇倱銇炽倞銉汇兓銉?#x201d;   showReview(19161396, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏈€楂樸伄銉偩銉笺儓   showReview(19161296, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇倱銇炽倞銇椼仧銇勬柟銇亰銇欍仚銈?#x201d;   showReview(19160026, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉曘偂銉熴儶銉笺儣銉┿兂銇ф硦銇俱倞銇俱仐銇?#x201d;   showReview(19160006, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇勩倣銈撱仾妤姐仐銇挎柟銇屻亗銈娿伨銇?#x201d;   showReview(19159926, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瀹挎硦銇欍倠銇撱仺銇屾焙銇俱仯...   showReview(19928434, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 1, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>浠婂洖銇粸鍦ㄣ伅銆侊紩鏃ラ枔...   showReview(19927936, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 11, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>閮ㄥ眿銇簝銇曘€併偄銉°儖銉?..   showReview(19927754, 'full');   
<Date>May 30, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>浠婂洖銇粸鍦ㄣ伅锛撴棩闁撱仹...   showReview(19927642, 'full');   
<Date>May 25, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉偩銉笺儓銉涖儐銉倝銇椼亸...   showReview(19927344, 'full');   
<Date>May 13, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇ㄣ伀銇嬨亸搴冨ぇ銇儧銉嗐儷...   showReview(19927328, 'full');   
<Date>May 12, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈ㄣ偔銈俱儊銉冦偗銇с€併亜銇?..   showReview(19925402, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 24, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈般儵銉炽儔銈儵銉栥伄銈兗...   showReview(19925336, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 19, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇ㄣ伀銇嬨亸澶с亶銇勶紒銇ㄣ亜...   showReview(19922786, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 11, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>4娉?鏃ャ伄銉勩偄銉笺仹鍒?..   showReview(19920350, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉涖儐銉伀鍒扮潃銇欍倠銇?..   showReview(19920316, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 10, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈点兗銉撱偣銉婚儴灞嬨€傛枡鐞?..   showReview(19918045, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 31, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏇滄棩銇倛銇ｃ仸銈便儊銉ｃ倓...   showReview(19916875, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 6, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

