<Author>kolaren
<Content>Thin walls and TV, Internet not in function.... Very good location for pedestrians, and the Metro just outside the door! Very nice reception, but - thin walls, dirty room, not ventilated toilet, TV and Internet not in function, Breakfast with manchego cheese, old bread - but lots of chorizo and boiled eggs.Not worth the money!  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	4	3	1	

<Author>travelingbeta
<Content>Affordable but far from city center i paid $60 USD per night for a 3-night stay (with double beds) in Dec 2008. the hotels.com price included breakfast.the price was fair given the location and acceptability of cleanliness. if the price was higher, then i wouldn't stay here.the hotel is surrounded by nothing. it's a far walk to la rambla, especially in the cold. however, it's literally right next to the parell-el metro station, so you can take the subway anywhere you want since there is really nothing to do in the area.the reception speaks english. it's hit or miss with the personnel in terms of helpfulness. be careful with the city bus tour package they sell to you. there's 2 bus services in barcelona, and the hotel sold us the one that's not that popular. i suggest going to the Colon area (10 minute walk towards La Rambla) and buy it from the company named Bus Turisto. they are better because they have a variety of routes and frequent stops whereas the one the hotel sells you is the one that takes one large circle around the city.also be careful with what kind of rates the receptionist tells you. he told me the telephone usage rate in the hotel room was very cheap. well, when i checked out, the cost was 3 euro a minute! public pay phones only cost 1 euro for 100 seconds! also, the receptionist told me that a taxi to the airport would cost 25 euro. he called one for me and i later got billed 45 euro when i got dropped off at the airport. i knew something was fishy when the taxi driver gave some money to the receptionist when the taxi driver picked me up from the hotel.........  
<Date>Dec 26, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	2	3	4	4	1	

<Author>lonelyxpat
<Content>Location is not everything We arrived in this hotel straight from the airport. The lobby was small and homey with a dank smell. The receptionist was friendly but could bearly speak English.The room key was a real key that seemed to come from a 50's movie. Unfortunately, the key is also needed to lock the room from the inside.The room was small and the airconditioning warm. The bed was made of plastic and actually cracked when I joined my wife on her bed.The bathroom is circa 1960 with oldstyle shower, seperate cold and hot spouts on the sink, and slow flushing toilet.The breakfast is okay with manchego cheese, jamon and chorizo. The OJ is watered down and their bread is hard and dry. They also have lots of hardboiled eggs.The location is very convenient being walking distance to the Ramblas and the waterfront. It is a great start for a jog due to its central location.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	2	3	2	

<Author>Boginia
<Content>Good choise Great location, we can walk just a few minutes to Ramblas, bus and subway close by.The price was nice and included a complet breakfast.The room was clean but a bit old and in need of some work.The staff was nice and helpfull and kept our luggage after check out untill the flight time.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Evertonose
<Content>Fine!!! This hotel is very central located and is close to all sight seeing things to do in Barcelona.The reception is smart enough and check in was pretty easy. The staff were ok and happy enough to help. Next door they have a restaurant and place to sit outside and drink which is not too expensive.It is around a 10 minute stroll to La Ramblas and there are a couple of pub's to visit on the way, namely The Queen Vic. From the airport take the bus for 4EURO and take a taxi from Place de Catlunya (last stop) 9EURO if you want to keep prices down.Rooms are very standard although comfortable. We only stayed for 2 nights so it served it's purpose.My only real problem was the noise levels, which were high as well as a numatic drill outside in the morning. Breakfast was pretty poor too, although the best cup of tea I have ever tasted.In all, definately a stay for people of a budget or sightseeing - if your staying longer then it is probably not the place for you.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	-1	-1	

<Author>notabrummie
<Content>Convenient base at a good price We booked this hotel as we wanted a hotel with breakfast near to the main sights and public transport without breaking the budget, and it fitted the bill perfectly. The rooms are small and basically furnished but they are clean and comfortable with good hot showers. Breakfasts were reasonable quality and plentiful and kept us going all day until time for the evening meal. Staff were pleasant, friendly and helpful. Because of the location we were able to walk to many sights and the metro was nearby for going further. Some local streets are dodgy but as long as you are aware of what is going on there shouldn't be too much of a problem. Pleasant bars nearby in Carrer Nou les Ramblas include the London Bar and its worth sitting in La Rambla del Revel watching the world go by. If you want to spend a lot of time in the hotel you may be better off paying more for more facilities but as a base for exploring Barcelona this hotel fits the bill.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>bellevueace
<Content>Does The Job The hotel is very well situated. A 20 min slow stroll from the placa espana and the water fountains in one direction and a 10 min stroll to La Rambla in the other. The metro station is right by the hotel. The reception is 24 hr and the staff are friendly and helpful. My room was right at the front of the hotel on the main road which is always busy, there is traffic noise but nothing that bothered me, if you require it totally quiet ask for a room at the rear of the hotel. The room was adequate and the bed comfy, theres a daily maid service. The walls were a bit tatty and could do with painting, the bathroom was small and clean but minus plugs and a loo brush. Breakfast is 0700-1030 and is buffet style. The most tasteless beans and frankfurters ive ever had, settling for yoghurt, cereals, juice, rolls, cheese, and coffee, it was enough to fill a gap. Overall you get what you pay for as in everything. Considering it as a whole especally the location and for the price paid you cant complain. When in Barcelona again i wouldnt hesitate to stay here again, theres a number of bars next to the hotel where you can get meals at a reasonable price, if your looking for a cheap central place to stay and not expecting the hilton this really is fine.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>rosiep_8
<Content>Run down and over-priced We recently stayed for three days at this hotel. Though it was cheaper than other hotels that we saw we were still very disappointed with the standards considering how much we paid. We had stayed in a two and a three star hotel in France in the week before, both of which were much cheaper but higher quality. The walls in the room were filthy, as was the bath and there were problems with the shower hose. The walls are all paper thin and the hotel could generally do with a bit of a clean up. It is quite near to the harbour and la rambla, but the immediate vicinity is quite dirty, rough, and noisy. The staff to be fair were all friendly and helpful. It's ok for a short stay, but don't expect too much.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>oatesyUk
<Content>not the ritz my wife and i stayed here for 3 nights over easter, ok this hotel is not the ritz ,and it wont suit everyone, but if you just want somewhere to sleep in, basic accommodation thats not far from las ramblas then this place is fine. the breakfast was ok (continental) the rooms were small only a bed and a wardrobe and bathroom,but must say had no problems staying here. good location to the harbour and many other tourist sites only 25 min walk to the famous sagrada familia . there are a few seedy places near this hotel and many prostitutes ply there trade 24 hours aday but this happens in all major cities . some of the irish bars around the city give good value for money with the drinks and the food,as barcelona isnt a cheap place to visit you have to look around,theres plenty of supermarkets in the city centre and many sandwich shops too, the indoor market in las ramblas was very good . all in all a fantastic city ,and yes i would stay at this hotel again, if your planing not going out and just want to spend time in a hotel then this place wont be for you, but if you just want a base to explore the city then its fine  
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Pippibob
<Content>Nice price....but you get exactly what you pay for. I will rate this hotel with 1 star only, and only because of the price and location, near the subway and Ramblas area.They gave us room 111......and this was terrible. The hotel kitchen was located right below our room......nice to wake up early every morning when they start cleaning the dishes. Furthermore the cleaning was so noisy because of the acoustic in the hotel. All over you will not finde capets but tiles.The breakfast was disgusting and also very noisy. All the food was very low quality.We booked this hotel not because of the luxury but because we needed a cheap clean place to sleep................but it turned out, that sleeping was not so easy.Next time, we will be more than willing to pay a little extra for a better hotel.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	3	2	3	-1	-1	

<Author>bittercress
<Content>you get what you pay for This hotel is cheap and, therefore basic. The beds were clean and comfortable, the staff were friendly and helpful and it is in a very good position near the Metro and only 15 mins walk from the port. It is not the Hilton, but who was going to spend a lot of time there anyway.The one problem was the noise from other (young) guests who spend time shreiking in their rooms late at night. The staff dealt with this as soon as I complained, but I would recommend taking earplugs.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	3	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>Gfunk03
<Content>Great Hotel! I went to Barcelona for 3 nights with a friend and we stayed in a twin room in the Auto Hogar Hotel. I can honestly say that it was a great hotel. The staff were extremely helpful and always willing to give us directions or suggest things to do. The room was basic but very clean, as was the ensuite bathroom. Breakfast had a good varitey of food. The only problem we had was the fuse blowing one morning as I dried my hair but when I phoned reception to report it they sent someone up to the room immediately to fix it. The hotel is in an excellent location, 10 minute walk to Las Ramblas and the Port and there is a metro stop right outside it. If you are looking for a central, basic, cheap, clean hotel then this is the one for you! And to the person who gave the hotel a bad review because the tv had no English speaking channels - why didn't you just stay at home if you wanted to watch tv?!  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>lexiemc
<Content>exellent location!!! Just returned from a fantastic weekend away in barcelona.I was very worried what the hotel would be like after reading other reviews and the fact that it was alot cheaper than other hotels i looked at, and this was due to be a surprise romantic weekend away for my fiancee's 40th, and i was happily surprised!the hotel was easy to find, right next to the metro stop and close to the port and le rambles.Our room wasn't brilliant but a hell of a lot better than i was expecting, we were over looking the road with a balcony ,which admittedly was noisey at night- but the key to this is if you drink enough sangria you don't hear a thing!!! the room was big enough and very clean and the bed very comfy!We thoroughly loved barcelona and would definitely go again, we were warned about pick pockets and bag snatchers before we left but we felt perfectly safe at all times.Our flight arrived at Girona, which was so easy to get to and from barcelona ,there are regular buses just outside the airport and only cost 22 euros return, the journey was approx an hr but this flew by.it was such a relaxed city, it was wonderful to sit in the sun with a nice glass of wine and watch the world go by.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>tahudantempe
<Content>Great place if u're in a budget! I booked this hotel through hotwire. Hotwire is a letdown. The web mentioned the rack rate was 400 sth dollars per night and that we'll be saving 70 %. Instead , the rack rate when we stayed was 88 euro per night. We paid almost the same if not more through hotwire. Terrible!Anyway , back to the hotel , we stayed 3 nights in this hotel ,May 2008. It was clean and has good location ( 1 minute from the parallel station which harbors the green and the purple lines ; also next to barcelona universal hotel). La Ramblas is about 10 minutes breezy walk , the mirador colon and the seaside is about 5 minutes walk. If you plan to go to Montjouc , the furnicular departs from parallel station , so that's a plus too. The staffs are friendly and speak fluent english. Basic amenities are provided in the room , but no hairdryer. Air-con was working fine. Breakfasts were okay. There is a 24 hour supermarket, just 5 minute walk from the hotel (ask the staff for the location , they'll be most happy to direct you.). Next door there're restaurants serving pizzas , paellas , and other catalan dishes. Price is not bad , beware though if you ask for mineral water , they might pull the most expensive bottles ,water in glass bottles instead of your regular plastic bottles. It's best to ask what brand is available and how much. The tap water is drinkable , but it's not tasty (near the sea..). I wont reccomend this hotel to light-sleepers because the hotel has a lot of young guests, some nights they can be noisy. All in all , the hotel is good if u're in a budget or if u just need a place to crash in at night. Save money by getting the T-10 transportation card. It is valid for 10 trips, more than one person can use it at the same time.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>tezjan
<Content>Hated This Hotel We picked this hotel as a base near where our son is doing part of his uni course and it had good write ups.Well they must have had better rooms than us. We were took through a garage and told to go to the 2nd floor, it was a tiny room with a little window which overlooked the middle of the hotel into other bedrooms. The breakfast was no better cold beans, sausages, hard rolls, the only thing good were the cereals.So be warned. We paid 拢270 for 3 nights bb.we would have been better in a Travel lodge  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	3	-1	3	3	-1	

<Author>Mccallough
<Content>Room like a prison cell When you enter the Hotel the reception area is presentable. The problems start once they hand over the room keys. You are then advised to go out the back door cross an internal car park and enter another block. Here you will find 2 lifts, one boarded up and out of action, and the other, working (just) that only stops at odd numbered floors. The lift is probably original 50's, room for 2 at a squeeze. Play safe - walk. The rooms are dark, dismall and very,very,basic. The beds look as though they are without matresses. Truly this hotel has the worst bedrooms l have ever seen, it makes some of the one's in India look 5 star.Needless to say l refused the room and the next 4 that l was allowed to look at. I found the Barcelona Universal just 300 yards away, fortunately they had a spare room.Trust me you do not want to stay at this hotel, yes it is reasonably priced, but for what you get it's actually overpriced.  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	3	2	

<Author>lindsey123
<Content>cheap, cheerfull and friendly! perfect location We arrived at this hotel and were greeted by friendly  helpfull reception staff. I went there with my mum for a short city break, our twin room was huge!!!! the room was clean(ish) but the bed and bathroom were clean which is the main thing. The beds are comfortable and there was always hot water for showers. We had a room on the third floor, light sleepers may find this hotel noisy, as the hotel is located on a main road - its very bustling, you here sirens screaming past quite alot! But this is a city - what do you expect!!? The location of this hotel is amazing - about 5-10 minute walk to las ramblas. Most nights after our meal, drinks etc, we would go back to the hotel, which has a bar open until 1am, for drinks. the staff their were very friendly and happy to serve us until late. The breakfast in the hotel was very good also, plenty for everyone, and runs from 0730 - 1000 hrs. All in all I feel this hotel is cheap, cheerfull and good value for money - I will definately stay here again when I come back to Barcelona and would recommend it! - oh yeah, and for those people who have moaned and slated the hotel for 'spanish only tv channels' and 'no remote control for tv' ........what do you expect for a 2 star hotel?!  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>huntcsa
<Content>Really nice hotel My husband and I stayed at the Auto Hogar for two nights, just getting back yesterday. We were really impressed with the hotel, especially for the price. The hotel was spotlessly clean. I noticed others have commented otherwise on here, and obviously I can only comment on what I saw from the room we stayed in and the communal areas. We were offered a room with a balcony on the front, and yes it was quite noisy but, the hotel is on a main road. We were told we could have an inner room if we wanted so were given the choice. The bedding was spotlessly clean as was the bathroom/towels etc. The shower was powerful with plenty of hot water. The breakfast was excellent for a 2 star hotel. Plenty of everything, but it is kind of spread out in different parts of the very busy breakfast room, so keep your eyes peeled. The location is also great, you can walk to the Rambla in under 10 minutes and the metro is just a minute away for when u need to go further afield ie, to see the Sagrada Familia and the Park Guell which is lovely. One word of advice. I wouldn't recommend paying the 8 euros each to get into the Sagrada Familia, it is just a building site inside., and they charge yet another 2 euros to go up in the lift! Well worth going to see it from the outside though.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>Nomeanfeet
<Content>Awful Rooms A group of us stayed here for 2 days over a weekend and although the hotel is in an excellent location, the staff are friendly and the prices are very good there are problems.Firstly all the rooms we stayed in are in need of a new lick of paint and some general DIY to get them decent. Then they need the furniture upgrading and a major overhaul of the bathrooms is also required. The breakfast area needs cleaning and the food needs to improve. We stayed on a room facing the rear atrium and the morning view was of other guests on the toilet and there was no daylight whatsoever. Others in our group who stayed on the rooms facing the street said the rooms were much lighter but still in need of a major overhaul.Ideal for a group of drunken stag revellers but definately not for couples in need of a nice clean decent hotel.One plus though is that adjoining the hotel is a lovely little bar/cafe with nice tapas.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	1	3	3	-1	

<Author>lisalisalisa123
<Content>Hated the Auto Hogar We stayed at the Auto Hogar for one night in August 2007 and had an absolutely horrible experience. Dirty rooms, paper thin walls (we had to keep calling the front desk about the noise)... You have to walk through an indoor parking garage to get to your room. The worst hotel we stayed at overseas ever. The location is good, so if you stay here- plan to spend almost all of your time outside of the room. This hotel put a damper on our quick stay in Barcelona. We are usually laid back on hotels, but we absolutely hated the Auto Hogar.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>slarcombe
<Content>Great location We have just come back from just one night at this hotel and loved the location which was just a few minutes walk from La Rambla. Best not to get a room at the front as the traffic is very noisy except for a couple of hours in the middle of the night. Rooms were fairly basic. The water in the bathroom is yellow, but I think that may be sandy water in Barcelona! The hotel is right by a metro stop (Paral-Lel) and there are restaurants/bars within just a few metres of the hotel. Price is excellent (paid just 拢20 per person). I think if you were staying for several nights - get a room at the back (not sure what the view is like there, but will be quieter). Breakfast was included and it was a good continental with hot and cold drinks, selection of meats, cheese, fruit, cereals, breads and cakes. You could fill your boots before exploring for the day. Lovely night away.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>SteveMHerts
<Content>Good Value I stayed at the Auto Hogar for 2 nights. I booked this hotel purely for the price 拢54 for the 2 night stay including breakfast, it is a great location with the Metro about 1 minute walk and Las Ramblas 10 minutes away. The rooms were clean, if not dated but want do you expect from a 2 Star Hotel ?I stayed in a room which was above the Car Park, the only down side was the other visitors lack of consideration. The noise with people shouting  slamming doors in the middle of the night was unreal.Went to watch a Barcelona match with my 11 year old son and had a fantastic time. Barcelona is a fantastic City  would go back soon.Maybe would stay in a nicer hotel but 拢54 for a 2 night stay. Can't be bad !!  
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>3	5	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>debt35
<Content>uumm started off well well arrived at hotel for a 4 night stay in january....well pleased we had a balcony... room a decent size with separate bathroom.... seemed pleased with choice, however hot water only lasted 2 days... the sink leaked all over the floor every time the tap was running... then discovered when i sneezed in bed that the leg was broken top end so collapsed several times during my stay... did ask about the hot water as it was not a pleasant shower to take in January when cold anyway!!! was told we could use another room to shower in, however did not fancy getting out of bed to go to reception with toiletry bag just to shower.....was nice to have balcony however the noise and view was not pleasant.... traffic throughout the night and people busy shouting early hours ??? why.... anyway did not expect the ritz.... breakfast was fine... plenty of it,,, not quite sure on the hot buffet though more like a warm buffett just beans and frankfurt luke warm.... otherwise pleased with breakfast staff very helpful... did ask a favour from reception to ring taxi firm to confirm collection time... was told to use phone in room .... so returned back to room.... unable to connect to speak to someone just got automated voice messages then was asked to ring later. So we left and checked out the hotel to which the man on reception chased us for one euro for the use of the phone i explained i did not manage to speak to anyone to which he printed off the phone call.... i was quite angry that one he had not helped when i asked him to ring.... two he had the nerve to ask for one euro when i had a broken sink, bed and no hot water. WOULD NOT RETURN BACK TO HOTEL IN FUTURE!!!!! Locaton was handy however a bit daunting walking back late at night the smell of drugs appeared alot when walking down the narrow streets with gangs hanging about... but had no trouble just held on to handbag quite tightly....wasnt a nice walk..... so got back to room quite early to have a drink on the noisy balcony.... did have tv in room but not one english channel available, my spanish is not that good to understand it lol.... would definately return to barcelona beautiful city with so much to see... would recomment the bus tour 2 day pass hop on and off as many times as you like... but would not recommend going away in january many restaurants empty or even shut.... so maybe return in may june time ;-)  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KerriGateshead
<Content>Auto Hogar Hotel We stayed at the Auto Hogar Hotel 21-23 Jan. I was a bit worried reading the reviews and the fact that it was only 2* but considering how much we paid for it, it was much better than expected. The rooms were spacious and although very basic were really clean, the breakfasts were ok, plenty of yoghurts, toast, cakes, eggs etc. The staff were very helpful and I couldnt really fault it. I would actually stay here again in the future as it was in an ideally central location.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>teresa2582
<Content>Mediocre It was kind of expensive for the quality we got. It felt like a mediocre hostel. The bed was small. The walls were super thin. The bathroom was way too small, and not the cleanest. The location is close to the metro, but really not the best first impression a person should have of Barcelona. It's by a live porno show and a billion greasy fast food places...gross. The staff was mostly very nice, however don't ask the Indian men for information...they don't know any cool spots and routinely gave us bunk info. The Internet was super expensive. 9 euros for an hour! You can get it for 1 euro down the street. Also, they were stingy with toilet paper! My boyfriend got snapped at when he asked for more rolls. First of all, why should you have to ask every day for more toilet paper? The maids hardly ever replaced them. The man at the desk literally snapped at him and questioned his toilet paper usage. Whaaaat?! Overall, I think there are better places you can find in Barcelona.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	2	2	3	2	1	

<Author>GT2007
<Content>Cheap but not Cheerful when returning to Brcelona for the Second time we tried to stay in the hotel Oasis, but it was fully booked, dont get me wrong that hotel was not excatly heaven but t was clean and a good value for money. But Hotel Hogar was a different matter, for one it was more expensive and a lot left to be desired ok i know it was a 2-3 star hotel but am sure they could have made some kind of effort, ALTHOUGH the location is very good even though it is by a live porno show,when we first arrived the staff we very friendly we got int the lift to are floor which would only fit just about two people and it looked like the first lift ever made.got in to the room and it was the smallest room ever with the thinist of walls you can hear evrything thats going on on your floor, and the bathroom was very small aswel.and not the cleanest of bathrooms also dont have two appliances on at once in the room as i learnt when the whole of the fuses in the room blew and due to me drying my hair at the time as i just got out the shower i had to stand in the dark waiting for someone to arrive to fix it. in just a towle!! the breakfast was not very good and i think all i eat was a muffin, we only went there once. overall if you wish to go to this hotel i think the best type of people going is either Stag hoildays or if people are only there for a short amount of time and dont really care what the hotel is.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>mykitten
<Content>Does what it says on the tin       Hallway  
<Date>Dec 29, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>tomthecat
<Content>busy street! this hotel is ok. we've stayed in worse and we've stayed in better. for what we paid we got value for money. our 5th floor room overlooked the Paral-ell which got the sun and also all the noise that comes off a busy street! the room was large , beds ok, clean. the bathroom was a bit grotty with a small shower/bath cubicle thing! breakfast was included but you had to queue a while til people left their tables. the breakfast was more than adequate with a good choice. it's a short walk to the rambles and the marina and there are a good few bars/restaurants/cafes etc. nearby. all night long the street was noisy as the bars/clubs turned out. lots of shouting,sirens and cars racing. in fact when we left for the airport in the morning there were still crowds of young folk hanging around,drinking beer...still partying!! it is two stops on the metro (just outside the hotel) to the bus station where we got the bus back to girona airport. if you can't stand the noise,then don't stay here, but for us it was central,easy to get to and plenty of cafe-bars nearby.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>mick0214
<Content>good location but noisy Got very small room on booking in, spoke to reception and they moved us on following day to nice bright, airy room with lovely balcony over looking the Parallel street. This street is very NOISY at night with police, ambulance and every type of siren blowing all night long for a full week.Breakfast in hotel is very good and location is excellent for Las Rambles and Harbour but I again have to mention the noise from the street.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>cookieUk
<Content>It did what it said on the box, in a fashion To be honest I didn鈥檛 mind the Auto Hogar. I have paid more and stayed in worse. We had a room at the front of the hotel that overlooked Paral-lel which was greta during the day however the noise was pretty bad. My partner can sleep through anything but he couldn鈥檛 sleep through the noise. We both wore ear plugs which did help and the shutter on the window cut out a bit more noise. If you are a light sleeper then avoid the Auto Hogar.I didn鈥檛 mind the breakfast. There was a variety and if you got down at about 9ish there seemed to be plenty of room and the stocks high. I wouldn鈥檛 suggested getting your breakfast first then looking for a table, that seemed to be a problem with people who came down later.The location is great. Can鈥檛 recommend anywhere to eat in the area as we didn鈥檛 have much luck. The staff at the during the day were very helpful and were able to recommend things for us to do and how to best get to the airport. The blue bus is the best way to get to and from the hotel as the trains are not currently running.All in all I might stay there again if I couldn鈥檛 find anything in the same area and at reasonable cost.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Amiatu
<Content>Hm. No so good. This hotel was pretty average. There only thing it really had going for it was that it was in a good location. Right near a metro station if you are a fan of getting around by train but close enough to most things that you could walk. The rooms were very average - I have stayed in hostels that are better. Don't be deceived by the foyer - we were! Our shower door was broken, there was no toilet roll holder, and the whole room had a strange aroma. The breakfast room was out of control with the staff completely unable to compete with the demand. You had to clear your own table, sit with others, and wait for supplies to be restocked.All in all a very average stay. Find another hotel if you can.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	4	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>NockMurales
<Content>Cheap, Friendly,        Light 6 floors up  
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>3	4	2	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Keith047
<Content>traffic noise plus Arrived late but 24hr reception was good. Had some trouble finding the carparking (under the building but off a street at the back. Reception was friendly and spoke English. We had 2 rooms and they were identical in layout on different floors but not identical in cleanliness! On one the carpet was so dirty you left black foot prints in the bathroom and on your sheets! Room size was OK but the airconditioning struggled and you could not leave the balcony door open as the traffic noise was reminicent of Bangkok! Needed double glazing and good a/c. Breakfast variety and quality was OK but the staff could not keep up and you may have to clear atable yourself and share a knife etc. Position on the edge of the old town was good, you can walk to most destinations.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	3	3	2	

<Author>lalaluci
<Content>Cheap more than cheerfull, David is an asset ! If you intend to be out most the time you are in Barcelona, then this will suffice. I read the reviews thoroughly, and got what I expected, the most unromantic room since Student dorms ( they are better. )But clean, and functional ( and a double bed unusually in spain)The racket the maids make in the corridors is ambitious, but David the swiss american receptionist is amazing, possibly pre-programmed from his years of multi lingual experience !!The walk was 10 mins up nearest alley to stinking Ramblas where drinks are the biggest rip off ever. NIce city !  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	4	3	5	2	3	

<Author>Autohohohogar
<Content>Great Location My friend  I stayed at the hotel for 10 nights in September. Location fantastic, great access to Port Vell  Las Ramblas (only around 5 mins walk). Accessible to Place de Espanya as well on foot (around 10-15mins). Metro station within a minutes walk from hotel. Room was basic. Not much room for storing clothes. Bathroom - no plug in wash hand basin, showe cubilcle rather cramped, could be cleaner. Staff friendly enough. breakfast service a bit chaotic. Some mornings guests queuing to access dinig room. Had front room - this is on a very busy road, all day  night, hardly gets quiet. However would use this hotel again. - no longer. Could be better with a bit of madernisation to rooms.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	5	3	3	

<Author>pec171
<Content>Basic Hotel in great location We stayed at this hotel for a week in September. The hotel is very basic and after 4 different rooms we finally found one which we could just about live in for a week. The rooms are tiny and the shower cubicle is only just big enough to stand in. If you book this then expect the standards of a UK hostel (i've actually stayed in nicer hostels) and you wont be disappointed, expect a htoel and you might just be. The staff are very helpful and breakfast is included which is continental but enough to start your day. Its a 5 minute walk to La Ramblas or the Marina so great location. Easily to get to from the Airport, if you take the bus to Plaza Espanya, then take the Metro (L3, i think) to parallel and your right there. Be warned of the 4 rooms we had none of the Air Con worked and on our first night they had no double rooms (even though we had booked in January). If you want info on getting around, visiting Port Aventura just ask!  
<Date>Sep 24, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bom-bo-head
<Content>good location From what we could tell, this hotel is two hotels that were joined, connected by the parking garage. Older, quieter guests are placed in the front of the hotel, younger rowdier guests in the rear. My sister (in her mid 20's) and I (mid 30's) were placed in the party half of the hotel. We're quiet people, but we do keep late hours (as does half of Barcelona!) so we didn't mind that too much.The hotel is clean and very well located for walking around Barcelona, but it does have problems. When we checked in we realized our window didn't open. The front desk came to look at it, declared it broken, and refused to do anything (call maintenance, move us to another room, etc). He said if we wanted to see the street, we would have to open the terrace door. When I explained that as two single female travelers, we were worried that someone could climb over from the other side (believe me, it would have been easy) his response was but this isn't their room, so they won't come in here. Unreal. However, the AC worked well, so we used that instead.The bar was missing from the toilet paper holder, so housekeeping left the rolls on the back of the toilet tank. Small details like this show the general feel of the hotel, or at least the rear party half of it. But like I said, it's location and price were a fair trade off.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	4	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>frankNewZealand
<Content>enjoyed our stay After reading reviews my husband and I were a little worried what we would find but were pleasantly surprised. The rooms were clean, well presented and well maintained. The hotel staff were friendly and helpful. We had a balcony room over the main street and it was ok when ranchslider closed. Of course outside is noisy and vibrant. It is inner city Barcelona after all.! We are an older and had no problems at all with this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LiverpoolValo
<Content>Great Value For Money This hotel is great if you just want somewhere cheap clean and with a great location. The rooms are a little dated but well maintained and cleaned for. We stayed her for a hen weekend and thoroughly enjoyed it. The location is great roughly a 10 minute walk to the main area however there is a metro station outside the hotel which is very reliable.The only thing to note it that the breakfast is a bit of a free for all so arrive early or face being disappointed with no food. Would stay again if visiting with friends or husband but not ideal for children though need something a little more modern perhaps.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>3	5	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Ogre
<Content>Basic Spanish Hotel Great Location       View from our Balcony  
<Date>Jul 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>DomAndBeth
<Content>Great location Hotel was in a brilliant location literally a five minute walk from Las Ramblas. The room was extremely basic and on our arrival we got placed in a room with three single beds as opposed to a double that we had booked as they said they had all been booked up! (we booked six months in advance!)However the room was very clean and had everything we needed except we couldnt work out if the air conditioning had broken or it was just old as it was useless! But we managed fine without it!Another problem was that EVERY day at around 3/4pm we heard the sound of fireworks outside which we found annoying especially if we had gone back for a siesta! But we were hardly ever there so it didnt affect us too much and anyway eventually you got used to it!The hotel staff were helpful and spoke very good English! And the breakfasts were actually quite nice (very basic but included toast, beans, small sausages, ham and cheese, tea and fruit juice) We found it was hard to get a table between 9.30-10am so we would wait until gone ten as it was more quiet and also there was more fresh food as they would keep bringing it out along with clean plates and cutlery!Overall we would recommend due to the price and location (although quite a way from the beach - about 40min walk)PS - recomend the metro, very easy to use and cheap!  
<Date>Jul 1, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>jambo49
<Content>Jewellery Went Missing We've stayed at this hotel in the past and its fine for what you pay. However our experience this year was unforgettable. My wifes diamond knecklace and earrings disappeared from our room. Draw your own conclusions. Be extra vigilant if you decide to stay there.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Smellenwiff
<Content>Cheap n Cheerful! Having read the reviews before I went I was anticipating the worse and hoping for slightly better. I was never expecting luxury in the first place, considering the price paid, and really just wanted somewhere to use as a base whilst exploring the sites of Barcelona by day and the bars by night! Firstly the position of the hotel is great, literally a few steps to the nearest metro, on the main bus route to sites such as the Gaudi Park etc and walking distance to Ramblas and the Port. The trade off I guess is that it's on a busy road - but that means it's good for people watching from the street cafe!Secondly the staff were friendly and helpful - both reception staff and cleaners.Thirdly, the room was clean and a good size. The view wasn't great from the balcony (just the back of another building) but I wasn't planning on sitting on it for long with so much else to do. The beds were comfy and the aircon worked well. The shower was brilliant - always plenty of hot water and powerful spray. It was cleaned daily and the towels were changed regularly. The fact that we had to cross the car park to get to it was no problem as the area is only small and well lit at night. The only problems we had, and there are always going to be a few niggles, were that where the hallways were tiled you could hear every flip flop step when your neighbours came and went from their rooms. Also the lifts were a bit temperamental - sometimes they didn't want to open the doors until you'd gone up and down a few times, but we found that if we helped the internal doors to shut properly then they were fine. All in all I'd say this was an excellent value for money hotel that is suitable if you're only looking for somewhere as a pit stop, are on a budget and aren't daft enough to expect miracles.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>3	5	3	4	4	5	3	3	

<Author>nicbay
<Content>Good Value but noisy Just returned from a 4 night stay at Hogar. We were a party of 3 couples - 2 of the rooms facing road at the back of hotel were fine but the other room backed onto centre of hotel (room 322) where all the plumbing was - this resulted in high level of noise from other rooms once guests started morning ablutions from about 6.30am. All floors in hotel are tiled which also results in high noise levels - room sound proofing non existent. Prior to trip was concerned re. cleanliness of hotel after reading prev. reviews but hotel was extremely clean however this resulted from the cleaners beginning cleaning outside our room at around 9am even on a Sunday - no chance of a lay in!Save for the above we found the hotel to be good value, reception staff were extremely helpful and in a brilliant location for getting out and about.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	5	3	-1	

<Author>mariaines1505
<Content>Pretty good for the price I stayed there for about 10 days..we were 2 people, both very concerned about higiene, and must say our room was always clean. Also, the room was huge! (i guess we were lucky on that one or we booked too early) and we didn't have any problems with noise except for one night. The breakfast was pretty fine for us (we're not used to eat so much at breakfast) and we found out that the lunch area was pretty great too. The location was perfect. I'd stay there again because it's really hard to find a better room for that price in central Barcelona. The only problems was..the pillows.. were uncomfortable!  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	1	

<Author>na0k2zxti2dx36j
<Content>Beware of your luggage ! ? ... After checking in, I went up to my room, unpacked and locked my luggage with a suitcase lock, and left the hotel. About 4 hours later, I returned to my room to find out that the suitcase lock had been tampered with, although whoever did it couldn't or didn't have time to open it. Neither could I, so I had to break it open. I complained at the front desk and the following day to the Hotel Director, who even questioned I was telling the truth. Although I cannot prove it, I had the feeling that it was an inside job. The next 3 nights I felt permanently insecure. I also filed a complaint with Barcelona's Tourism Authority.  
<Date>May 17, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	3	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>brunsy
<Content>auto horriblehotel stayed here one night and it was one night too many, we were stuck out the back on the third floor, we took the lift to our room, well we tried to,the lift took us to floor 1 then 5 then 4 then back down to 1 every level but the one we wanted.We wre advised by a member of staff to forget the lift and just use the stairs, having just recovered from major back surgery my wife did'nt find this easy. Once inside our shoe box, sorry, room it took a few minutes to get used to the smell coming from the drains in the ensuite, and a wonderful choice or 11 spanish speaking tv channels to choose from this for someone who can just about grasp his native tongue, english. Breakfast, give it a miss the worst orange juice you'll ever taste and boiled sausages i know one should adopt the when in rome attitude but the sausages were beyond the pail.Finally on departure the checkin assistant asked us if we were pleased with our stay and i swear to god he kept a straight face. If you go Barcelona spend a little more than the 80 quid it cost to stay in this dump.  
<Date>May 17, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>1974nc
<Content>Hotel OK but....the noise...the noise!! Just a quick review as hotel was ideally situated, looks ok from outside and service is fine BUT.....before you book to stay here please conduct a small experiment to check your suitability.. Go into your local town centre pub at 10pm on a saturday night and see if you can knock out some zeds whist your there! We stayed in room 408 for three nights and by night 3 I was starting to hallucinate through lack of sleep! The only times you can get some shuteye is from 11am to 5pm (main tourist times) from 6pm to 3am the constant noise is unbearable and might drive lesser men to acts of irrational violence ha ha! Seriously think carefully about staying here if sleep is high on your list of priorities and thanks very much to the young french couple in room 409 for shouting incessantly until 3am every night...  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Trav-london
<Content>Basic budget hotel near the Fira Stayed here for 4 nights during a large conference which was at the nearby Barcelona Fira.On the positive side, the hotel was 15 minutes walk or 2 metro stops from the Fira. I can't oversate enough the importance of this when you see the hundreds of people queuing for taxis outside the Fira main gates at 7pm.My room was on 6th floor in the main part of the hotel (not the part accessed through the car park!). The room faced the main road, which could be noisy if you are not used to traffic noise. On the whole, it was not a problem, apart from one night where a large number of people were gathered on the far side of the road making a lot of noise at 5am. My guess is that it was closing time of some nearby nightclub!The hotel is also within easy walking distance to Las Ramblas. The fact that the hotel is on a main road means a good supply of taxis driving past at all times.Had drinks  tapas in the adjoining bar one evening. The tapas were nothing special but by no means offensive! The friendly staff make sure you are well looked after - in fact I still have one of their cigarette lighters!Would I stay here again? - Yes, if I was at another work event at the Fira. Would I book it for a weekend break I was organising myself - no chance, unless that is all your budget can stretch to!  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	3	3	1	

<Author>markwood
<Content>Basic but adequate Expected a basic budget hotel and got it. Certainly cant complain. Six of us went, 3 twin rooms. Mine was large with 3 beds, smelt a little fusty but sheets were clean. Other 2 rooms better, one had balcony. If you get one of the road facing rooms it can be little noisy in summer I suspect but as went in feb had windows shut. Breatfast basic, just stuck to toast and coffee. Only paid 拢23 per night so thought was good value for somewhere just to get your head down. Ideal for groups of males/females but not suitable for romantic weekend with wife! Staff friendly and spoke english. Be carful of lifts, only take 4, we broke down with6 in, didnt realise. All in all good value for money. You get what you pay for, this was very cheap but ok. Ideally located with main metro stop accross road  
<Date>Feb 13, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LittleMissK
<Content>What a hovel, not for the claustrophobic       Bathroom  
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dcjune60
<Content>Cheap and Central Base Stayed here 24-27th Nov 06 and was very pleasantly surprised by this hotel for the price. Despite reviews, our room was clean, comfortable, not noisy, had windows (!), and was not reached through a car park.Maybe we were the lucky ones! Ask for room 703 in the main hotel. Breakfast was good, staff friendly, and the room cleaned daily.Location was amazing - a 10 minute walk to La Rambla and 2 minutes from Paral Lel metro. the metro is extremely easy to use. They have a luggage room where you can leave your bags after you checkout if your flight is not til later. From Girona Airport (Ryan Air) there is a great Aerobus service called BarcelonaBus to Central Barcelona (Arc de Triomphe Metro) from where you can get the metro (with one change) to Paralell for this hotel. Return trip is @15 euros and takes 1 hour 10 mins each way. Tickets are bought at a window in the arrivals hall in the airport. We got the hotel for 35 pounds a night at the weekend on [--] and so all in all a very good value hotel for us anyway!  
<Date>Nov 28, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>Paul74
<Content>Great price, very clean, but noisy! I stayed at this hotel for a couple of nights and really got what I was looking for - cheap, clean and central. The hotel is 50yds walk from the nearest metro station (Paral Lel) and 10 minutes walk to Las Ramblas and the waterfront. Sagrada Familia is reached on the same line (15 minutes) and the bus station 20 minutes with 1 change on the metro. Buffet breakfast is included and ok (served 7.30 - 10.30), but don't leave it until 10am to go down for it, as it is pandemonium!!! The hotel itself is clean if a little outdated, and the room I had was clean but very basic -all things that are reflected by the cheap cost. The only real downside was the noise, there is no sound proofing, so you hear every movement from every angle - only shear exhaustion from too much walking will guarantee a good nights sleep. My advice is if you don't care where you stay on a short visit, it's ok, but if you prefer more comfort and style, and you are staying longer than 2 nights, then don't bother.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2006
<Rating>3	5	3	5	3	3	4	4	

<Author>Helistin
<Content>A pleasant surprise We spent one week in Barcelona and at Auto Hogar. From Hotels.com we got very good pricing for the reservation and were actually a bit of afraid was it too good to be true... But everything was just great! The room was big and nice. There wasn't really anything extra in the room, just the very basic things which normally are in every hotel rooms. But that was just enough for us. Location was also perfect, everything in walking distance, Metro stop just next to the hotel. Well of course, as Barcelona is a big city, you could hear the noise from outside. But we got used to it quite fast. I guess we cot a bit lucky with the room we got but still; we can warmly recommend the hotel to travelers who doesn't need anything extra, just a safe place to sleep their nights. :)  
<Date>Nov 10, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Ozturbulance
<Content>Take your sleeping pills! Travelled in October 06 to Barcelona. I had read other comments about this hotel so was a little apprehensive, however this was cheap and in a fantastic location. Staff all spoke english and were pleasent. Yes, you have to walk through a car park to reach the lifts to the rooms - a little annoying... My room was very very basic. This room was next to the lift shaft, so all night, I was awoken by the lifts going up and down... The whole hotel is tiled flooring, which makes all the noise travel... After a sleepless night, I requested a room change. The staff accomadated this. My new room was not much better, still close to the lift area, so still very noisy. This hotel is preety much in the centre of Barcelona, which is the only saving grace. If you choose to stay here, be prepared for a lot of noise at night and little sleep... SG Australia...  
<Date>Nov 8, 2006
<Rating>2	4	1	5	3	4	4	1	

<Author>CheekyMonkey1986
<Content>Great Location I stayed at this hotel on the 30th October for 3 nights. The Hotel is in a great location with easy access to the Metro and La Rambla.Our room was in the centre of the hotel- very small. Felt a little cramped! Room was cleaned each morning, fresh towels laid out and bed was made. Very noisey from people walking past our room at night, we were right near the lift and it gets a little annoying when your trying to sleep and the lifts going all night long!! Breakfast was awful!!! We went up to the breakfast room on our first morning there and could not move! it was packed. Table's were dirty and no one seemed to have any manners- everyone just kept pushing and shoving! Food that they had laid on was not to my taste! Put my partner and I off so we didn't go in there again!!!Reception staff are very helpful, spoke a little english which is always good.There are a couple of great bars next to the hotel, strongly reccommend eating and drinking in them. Staff were great and food was good too. Good prices!Overall Barcelona is a great city and the Hotel is in a great location for exploring. Definitely take your walking shoes, you'll be doing a lot of wondering about!  
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Ange76
<Content>Central and cheap Having got a good deal on a room for four nights, we were concerned by the negative tone of some reviews here. We were indeed in the part of the hotel beyond the infamous car park, but we were prepared for this, and it really wasn't as bad as it may sound.Our room was generally clean and had all the necessary amenities. There was some mould on the ceiling near the window, though. Our view was out over neighbouring apartment blocks. This made it noisy on the first night (Diwali celebrations), but genuinely added some local flavour. We liked the view, though appreciate some may not. The staff were friendly and helpful, and all spoke at least some English.There was a buffet style breakfast from 0730 till 1000 with hot and cold food. Be warned that it gets busy in the breakfast room around nine; either an early start or a late one is advised.For the price paid, the location was excellent, being very close to the Metro, the port area, and the south end of La Rambla.In summary, we loved Barcelona, and, considering the price we paid, we had no major complaints about the hotel.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>GIZMO1674
<Content>good clean budget hotel Good location, about 8mins to rambles or sea front. For the price of the hotel it was very good value. We had to walk through a carpark and up up lots of stairs or use a lift to get to our room. This was very off putting, as it seemed like we were in a multi storey carpark. The room itself was immacaulate but basic. We were really impressed by the standard of cleanliness. We had a small balcony and a window. The breakfast which was included was good. The reception area was shabby in need of a revamp. Overall well worth what we paid, good base to explore barcelona.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Joey1980
<Content>Clean but noisey We stayed in the auto hogar in mid Sept. From reading the numerous bad reviews on this website about air con not working and noise (Rather stupidly after booking the hotel), we asked at check-in for a 'quiet and air conditioned room'. We were directed through the car park to a room on the 5th floor. The room was rather small and its only view was three walls, i.e we ere in the centre of the hotel. Thankfully the air conditioning, shower etc did work. The room did have a safe however we were unable to open it. Despite asking specifically for a quiet room we found our room quite noisey, not from the traffic outside but from the traffic passing by our room. Our room was right beside the elevator and the walls were like cardboard. Everything could be heard. Also at the time it appeared that building work was ongoing which added to the noise level. On a good note though, the location is brilliant and the buffet breakfast was fantastic with plenty of choice. The rooms and towels were cleaned/changed daily (Although we had left the 'do not disturb' sign, on the door each day they still came in, so i wouldnt advise leaving valuables/money lying around, not that we had any problems)All in all I guess you get what you pay for. I wouldnt recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a quiet, relaxing holiday. Its more suitable for younger people who will be out all day sightseeing and out on the town until late every night. (Although thats what we were doing most of the time and we still found the noise annoying the odd time were were there) I wouldnt return to this hotel again, id rather pay a little extra for a nicer hotel or do my research a bit better!!!  
<Date>Sep 30, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>keral
<Content>Low Budget DUMP! This place was a dump. Stayed there for 2 nights in June. Where do I start ... Room was tiny, air conditioner was broken, shower was broken, telephone was broken, room was old and run down. We asked if we can be moved to another room but they said they were full. The next night they moved us to the newer part of the hotel and it was no better. Would never stay or recommend this hotel to anyone!  
<Date>Sep 7, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	1	

<Author>Lwarren
<Content>Great break Arrived on the Saturday afternoon, pleasant staff greeted us. We were shown to our room via going through the famous garage area. We stayed on the fifth floor, i can honestly say that our room was very clean had working aircon and a safety deposit box.I do not have one complaint to make about the hotel, considering it only cost me 拢112.00 for three nights stay with breakfast i think that i came out of it very well.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>rachael_salt
<Content>Initially disappointed but eventually very happy! We booked this hotel as budget student travellers, wanting a comfortable and cheap place to stay whilst sightseeing and attending Summercase music festival in the city. We were very dubious after reading reviews on here and after a few initial problems concerning the air conditioning and position of our room, we came home very happy with our stay at the hotel.We arrived late at night and were directed to our room, via the famous car park! I knew this was a bad sign thanks to the previous reviews and sure enough we had a twin room (after booking specifically a double) with literally NO air conditioning. Luckily after taking advice from other reviews we'd packed a fan. Without that I would have slept in the lobbey! It was room 235 on the second floor, so beware! It was roomy and clean but dark, had no view, no breeze and the heat was inbearable. We went straight back to reception but they informed us nothing could be done until other rooms had checked out tomorrow, actually admitting the air conditioning DIDN'T work. I consider this quite bad false advertising and the booking agents should be aware of this. That night was possibly the worst nights sleep I'd ever had, the heat was indescribable!The next day after sightseeing we were shown to a room on the 7th floor, accessed via the lifts inside the lobbey. Despite being compact and very small (we lived out of our suitcases rather than putting our clothes in the damp wardrobe) it was cool and air conditioned which was all we were after. I'd definitely say temperature is more important than the space here. The room had a view looking over the best sites of the city including the Montjuic area and Sagrada Familia.The rest of our stay was extremely comfortable. Breakfast runs from 7-10:30am and gets busy after 9. It is a great Continental variety including croissants, bread rolls, toast, cereal, coffees, tea, orange+pineapple juice, fruit, selection of hams and cheese. One day we knew we wouldn't have chance to have lunch/dinner out so we made sandwiches from the breakfast. It's paid for afterall!! The staff we very helpful (apart from a couple) and spoke the best English we'd encountered in the entire trip. Our room was cleaned every day and towels changed too. One day we did not leave the room till 5 and the maids rang our room phone, insisting on cleaning it so late in the day.The rooms (also against advertisement) do not have security boxes. The first one we were unable to open and the second room didn't even have one. However, the reception staff were more than happy to let us use their safe and we accessed that every day.The location of the hotel is very good. A 2 minute walk from the metro station, 15 minutes to the Christopher Columbus monument (the bottom of the Ramblas - also where you can catch the sightseeing bus tour), 20 minutes to Port Vell and 30 minute walk to Barceloneta beach. BARCELONA TIPS...- Take the orange bus tour. It is less advertised but stops at the same ones as the official blue bus tour and there are always seats available on the open top. - Take care of your cash. I saw a guy steal a womans bag from next to her on a bench at Place d'Catalunya. She luckily saw it out of the corner of her eye but it really made me think. Later in the holiday I had 75 euros (拢50) pickpocketed, either on the metro or the beach. They'd taken my purse out of my bag, taken the cash then put the purse bacK! Unbelievable. - Ask about the prices of drinks at bars/restaurants. They're usually not listed on the menu and can be ridiculous, like 6 euros for a small bottle of coke.- I'd recommend the pastry shop down the road from the hotel which has large cold bottles of water for 1.05 euros.- Make a trip to the Japanese restaurant a few paces to the right out of the doors of the hotel. Cheap and well worth it for the atmosphere and experience.- The magic fountains at the National Palace run thursday-sunday from 8:30-10:30.- If you're going to the Hard Rock Cafe be prepared for a wait and, if possible, say you're open to smoking and non-smoking areas to cut that wait down. If you arrive before 8 the wait for a table much less I think.- Make a trip to Port Olympic (avaible via the metro with one change from the hotel) for a meal. Great seafood and service.That's about it. The hotel was overall good for a 2*. I'm not sure whether I'd be eager to stay there again, we would possible save up to afford a better place. However, it provided exactly what we needed, a comfortable place to wash and lay our heads after a tiring day of walking in the sun. You get exactly what you pay for but I'd say it's great value for money considering the location and proximity to the port, metro, bus stops, restaurants and bars down the Ramblas.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	3	4	3	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What No Air Con?!!       This is not an Air Conditioning Unit!  
<Date>Jul 17, 2006
<Rating>1	3	1	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>You have to walk THROUGH the garage! A/C in part of the hotel is broken! This hotel has a new and old part - I stayed in the old part and it was a disaster! I knew I was getting a budget hotel and I was prepared, but not for this... When you arrive you walk into this nice lobby - I was impressed. After I checked in, the clerk hands us our key and then says that she will show us the way to our room. Well the way to our room was through the garage that reeks of oil and gasoline, past the garage to these miserably small and unreliable elevators and then to our room on the second floor. We had what was clearly the tiniest room on the floor according to the hotel floor plan (think cruise cabin size at best), the air conditioner did not work and the window looked out onto an air shaft (that seemed to syphon up the fumes from the garage below). I complained multiple times about the air conditioning and initially I got a shrug, then I was told someone would be trying to fix it, then I was told that the a/c on our part of the hotel was simply not working - no more explanations to be had. Finally, I had to ASK for a fan - no one ever thought to offer us one. With the fan in our already tiny room, there was no space at all - barely a path to the bathroom. The room condition was dingy, bathroom was dirty and the shower was moldy. My husband and I enjoyed the night train down to Seville more than this hotel.I would not recommend this hotel, but if you chose it, I would contact the hotel directly and request to stay in the new part of the hotel. I think that would be a completely different experience.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2006
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I'm sure the main hotel is fine... but a word of warning Based on the reviews on this and other sites we stayed at the Auto Hogar on a hot July weekend.First impressions were fine and we made our way to our rooms which were, surprisingly, accessed through the garage at the rear of the hotel. Here there is a second and much more run down hotel.My word of warning is to avoid this part of the Auto Hogar like the plague! With two airless rooms without working air conditioning we asked to change rooms. WIth no more space available the management suggested we sleep with our doors open!Not satisfied with this option, we were eventually re-housed in the Hotel Nuevo Triunfo round the corner (+93 442 59 33). That was cool, quiet, friendly and perfect. Worth a call but haggle on the price - our rate was 25% below the advertised tarrif. Sadly this was an attempt to check out the Auto Hogar ahead of a larger trip coming later in the year. On this experience we won't be staying there and my advice is that if you are sent to your room through the garage you either get another room or check out immediately!  
<Date>Jul 9, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Low Budget Hotel at Mid-Budget Price The A/C did not work. It was so hot. TV only got 2 spanish-language stations. There was a lot of noise on the street in the middle of the night. The neighborhood was fine, but not the best. To get to our room we had to walk through a mechanic's garage. The elevator was out most of our stay. Again, it was so hot. The staff was nice and the breakfast was decent. It was near the metro station and a short walk to Las Ramblas, but avoid the alleys. The room was big but both it and the bathroom were not very clean, although the entire place smelled of industrial soap. If the A/C had worked, it probably wouldn't have seemed as bad.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Simple but nice! Just returned home from a week in Barcelona where we stayed at the Auto Hogar Hotel. It's a simple but nice and clean hotel with VERY friendly and helpful staff that spoke English well. The breakfast was OK, nothing special, but satisfying. Ask for a room facing the yard though! They are both cooler and more quiet, although you hear every sound that is made in the corridore! I woke up every night by the sound of someone opening their door! Otherwise - for the price - OK. I don't think I would stay there again though.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Unimpressed! When myself and my girlfriend arrived, the taxi driver told us that there were alot of thieves and sexual relations problems with white women in barcelona, so it was a great start! the hotel itself wasnt the best, had to walk thru car park to get to rooms, minority of staff were unfriendly not allowing to change rooms sayin they had none left, but was obviously a lie becaause we were english. the room had air conditioning but it was about as useful as a small fire. the room was stuffy and the window didnt even lead to the outside just to another indoor part of the hotel which was extremely hot, the maids were excellent tho. (apart from eating our snacks!!)The location was poor, if you want to visit la ramblas everyday then your best satying exactly on the strip, otherwise your feet will be cut to shreds! la ramblas an barcelona itself is excellent and we had a great time however i recommend staying in a better hotel!  
<Date>Jun 16, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>missmarples
<Content>surprised! Having booked this hotel then reading reviews after I thought I might have to book into another hotel on arrival. Well my sister and I were delighted, our room on the 7th floor was spotless as was the bathroom, the bedding and towels were changed on a regular basis. The breakfasts were more than adequate, altho sometimes a bit of a scrum! The hotel was very central, a nice and easy walk to the port area and only seconds from the metro! which we used every day. The staff were very friendly and on our last day we did not fly until 21.45 so the luggage room was most helpfull. The only down side was the street noise and building works but hey it`s a busy busy city and the Hotel is on a busy main street, and by the time we got back to the hotel we were so exhausted with the days sightseeing that we more or less fell asleep fully clothed! We spent 7 days in Barcelona and would stay in this hotel again.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>mixed feelings having read reviews AFTER i had booked this hotel (i know, i know) i was filled with some trepidation. however, it was better than i feared. the location is excellent. next to a metro stop and 5 minutes walk from both the harbour and la rambla.the staff were friendly and helpful. the hotel was clean and my room was cleaned and given new towels every day. the breakfast was much better than the average continental buffet style; plenty of it and space in the dining room. i found the attached cafe bar to be reasonably priced and of good quality.my room, however was disappointing. it overlooked a small courtyard and so had no ventilation. the air conditioning was useless and so the room was uncomfortably, almost unbearably, hot. even though the weather was excellent, it was only june; i dread to think what it will be like in july / august. the hotel has a tile floor throughout and so was very noisy. the walls are very thin and i could hear clearly the family next door.it has to be said, though, that i got the room for a song (拢40 per night). i only needed somewhere to lay my head at night and its location is superb. it may be in a slightly seedy part of town but it is so busy that it always felt safe. barcelona is an amazing city and i can't wait to return. however, i wish i'd paid a bit more for something better and will do so when i return.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2006
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Location, tiny room Stayed at the Auto Hogar in Barcelona from May 30th to June 3rd 2006. Arrived at the hotel at 9pm and definitely got one of the smallest rooms in the hotel. The room included a double bed, a wardrobe (which couldn麓t be opened because the bed got in the way), a desk and a little bathroom. There was two of us, difficult to walk around the room with two suitcases. Shower was broken but had hot water. Don麓t think about having a bath, definitely not big enough to even kneel into. The toilet was wedged between a little window and the sink. Very noisy hotel in the mornings and if people were roaming the hallways late at night. The elevators were really old, and the doors banged loudly everytime somebody came out ot them. Had a horrible view of some residential apartments. Air conditioning didn麓t work and we didn麓t have a hairdryer. All in all, good enough location, right near a metro station but definitely would not stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kenc
<Content>Basic, clean(ish) but noisy at night       Through the underground car park to the rooms  
<Date>May 14, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Auto Hogar Arrived in the early hours of the morning at the hotel. we were pleasantly suprised, the lobby looked really nice. checked in and set off following the porter(?) to our room (no offer to carry our heavy bags). started to worry when we left the hotel and entered an underground car park, but relaxed when we saw the door on the other side leading back into the hotel. this part of the building wasnt quite as impressive, but was clean. room was acceptable, twin beds, wardrobe, small bathroom. tv in room, but no english channels. best thing about this hotel was the location. close to metro station, and only 5 minutes from the harbour area and the bottom of the ramblas.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mellymell123
<Content>Very pleasant Hotel Just arrived back from Barcelona, the hotel was very pleasant. The staff were friendly, helpful and the hotel was very clean. Rooms made up every day and breakfast was all you could eat. (very nice)However, was a little noisy at night, doors banging and loud music at 6am.Generally very good, with a good location.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Myair
<Content>Clean rooms but problems Arrived on a Sunday no welcolm from reception only we had booked would have turned round and walked straight back out.Room and en-suite were a decent size very clean the beds were fine.Noise was loud both people and traffic, could not have the windows open.Room was cleaned throughly everydayBreakfast was very good compared to others places we have stayed and plenty of it,the only down fall was if you arrived after 8-oclock the food was cold apart from the toast which you do yourself.The majority of the staff are unhelpful and unfriendly.Where ever you are WATCH OUT for the bag snatch from the back of the chair that is a popular one the estiblishment won't call the police as they don't want the publicity.Only had one evening meal in the resturant overpriced,long wait and unhappy staff.The hotel has a luggage room which is handy if you have a late flight there is no charge, all bags are locked up and are safe.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2006
<Rating>2	4	4	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Thomas07364
<Content>Room with no natural light I went to Barcelona from 5th to 8th March. 3 nights. for the Barca v Chelsea match. I was in a room where you had to walk thro the carpark to get to it. Room was internal with a small window out onto a small central area but being a high building there was little natural light. Noisy at night because of football fans. I don't know what they clean the rooms with but it smelt of a cross between lemon toilet cleaner and liquorice/aniseed. Smell lingered. Returned to hotel one afternoon at 3pm and room had still not been serviced. I had gone out that morning at 0915hrs. The leatherette covered sofas  seats in the lobby were slashed. It is very central with rooms very basic. Room was clean but smell and lack of view annoying.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2006
<Rating>2	3	1	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not so great... w/ pictures       Non-functioning old radiator  
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>jennypancake
<Content>Good Value Hotel Having read some of the previous reviews we went to this hotel with some trepidation. Should not have worried. It was comfortable and clean and that is what you want. The staff were very friendly amd extremely helpful. Very close to Las Ramblas took us about 10 minutes to walk, and we were only strolling. Breakfast was not great but was adequate although some mornings it was a bit of a scrum, the Hotel needs to rethink the layout of the Buffet Bar. The Cafe/Bar at the hotel was ok but overpriced and the staff no too friendly. Use the little Cafe next door to the left as you look at the hotel from the road. Couple of great guys run this and they do a mean Paella. Word of warning - AT ALL TIMES MAKE SURE YOUR HANDBAG IS SAFE - We saw three bag snatches in Barcelona - one right outside the hotel, The person had their handbag over her chair and they just tokk off with it.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Choice in the centre of Barcelona Friendly clean and comfortable. Not luxury by any means but very central and good value.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Boadicea
<Content>Happy at the AutoHogar! This hotel is all it purports to be - clean, friendly, central, cheap.Through the integral car park (not a problem) and up 1 flight of stairs (with lift access), the two of us had a large 4bed L-shaped room, the beds being so positioned that if we weren't speaking we needn't be in sight of each other! The beds were comfortable, the large pillows particularly so, and extra blankets and pillows were provided. The large bathroom had a wonderful hot forceful shower over the very deep, if short, bath, and towels were plentiful, though of quite thin towelling. Room furniture was basic but adequate - we didn't mind the odd loose drawerknob - with 8 hangers between the 2 large wardrobes. The room was serviced very well each day and the whole hotel was very clean. Buffet breakfast was excellent - as much of cereal,fruit,yoghurt,croissants, small cakes, eggs, cheese,baked beans,onion flan thingy,cooked ham,toast,juice,coffee,tea,hot chocolate,- as one could wish. The metro and Fernicular station was about 30 paces from the front door, on a direct line to e.g. the main square and the Ramblas, and there was a bus terminus, supermarket, and 'Tabac'with Silk Cut at less than 拢2 a pkt, just around the corner. The only downside was the hotel cafe/bar - poor service and costly, we felt.Otherwise, the hotel experience was excellent value all round and we had a great time in Barcelona.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>KariRochester_NY
<Content>Great for the price! This was a lovely, clean hotel. The rooms were very simple, but spacious and neat. The balcony was a welcome surprise. Stayed two nights and enjoyed them both, especially after having a horrific experience in a London hotel. Short walk to the subway. Would recommend this hotel to others. The door lock was the only thing I would be leary of, it was an old key system, and it didn't seem too sturdy.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Convenient Hotel We have just returned from 3 nights at Auto Hogar, (and i read the reviews before we went), so, i had an idea of what to expect, i must say we were very pleased with the Hotel, friendly staff, someone always on the desk, clean basic room with maid service daily, the breakfast was better than i had expected after reading some moaner's review, especially when you think of how reasonable the price to stay is. Convenient location and theres a safe. Would definitely recommend and come back one day.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great 2 star hotel The hotel Auto Hogar is in a convenient location for all amenities. Metro close by. Family friendly. Excellent welcome by staff. A good basic hotel to explore Barcelona.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Near everything! Clean hotel!! A very friendly hotel!! The room was cleaned every day properly and towels were also changed daily! Very close to Ramblas and metro was just outside the hotel! One thing that bothered me was the lock of the door, it didn麓t seem very safe? The breakfast was good but no vegetables at all - I missed tomatoes etc. But very good hotel indeed and friendly staff too. I麓am going back, definitely!!  
<Date>Oct 18, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>a4turbos
<Content>Cheap and cheerful... You get what you pay for...We paid a very good rate and as it was a stag weekend we werent too bothered about luxury. The rooms were fine, clean and serviced daily. We were at the back of the hotel so noise wasnt an issue.Location wise it is good, a 10 min walk to Las Ramblas and also a metro stop at the front door. I didnt have breakfast here so cant comment on that.Reception staff were a bit slow to deal with you, but cooperative.Above average rating for the low cost.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Warm atmosphere, loved paella I just came bach from BCN ( 23.09.05). Wonderful hotel. It a very clean hotel and a fantastick breakfast!. Very near to almost everything. The climate was great so were the people. But paid 33 Euros to airport for departure where I paid only 19 Euros when I arrived. So make sure that you get a deal before stting in a cab!! I loved the paella but one thing that bothered me was that I could not drink a cup of coffee with peace. Young mothers with babies went around begging outside coffee shops. Hard to ignore.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Recommended hotel for a fair price My wife and me stayed 3 consecutive days this last August, plus one unplanned day before we left back home and we only have lots of good words to say about the hotel, the staff, the location and the good feeling we have had during our stay at the hotel!We deeply recommend about this hotel to those who do not look for luxury but for good quality for a fair price.Moshe Dotan, Kibbutz Dvir, Israel  
<Date>Sep 10, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great basic accommodation This was brilliant basic accomodation at a very low price. Rooms where clean with fantastic air conditioning.The staff were really friendly and helpfull.The breakfast was average but all in all this hotel is a great chioce for a budget city break.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great location and price My girlfriend and i stayed at Auto Hogar for 5 nights in july  august. The hotel is located in a central area just 5-10 min walk to Rambla (that was great), the hotel is ok we stayed at the second floor with the view of Paralell street, was a litlle noise but nothing major.The staff were very helpfull, and the room was cleaned daily, also the sheets changed once a day. The breakfast was continental with plenty of croisssants and various types of cofee and drinks.The hotel is located in Raval district, which is considered to be not the safes district in Barcelona, but we had no problem, we just minded our own business.Anyway we enjoyed very much and we recommend it.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>If I had to do it again......... The good- Good location. Walking distance to major attractions and the Metro. OK breakfast buffet. Reasonably priced compared to other area hotels.The not so good- Dated room decor. Phones didn't allow calling out on a prepaid phone card (even when front desk staff said it would). Having to walk through the parking garage to get to your room. Room bordered a public alley that was very noisy- lots of trucks and loud passers-by early in the morning.If I had to do it again, I probably would not.  
<Date>May 14, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great for the Girlies We five ladies stayed at the Auto Hogar Barcelona, on a girls weekend. We were (having read the reports), rather concerned about the hotel. We were all very pleasantly surprised. It was very clean, bedding changed and fresh towels every other day, extra blankets if needed. Plenty of hot water for the bath and good showers. The floors are tiled and uncarpeted, and to be honest after a hard days walking it was a relief to walk on the cool floors barefooted. Breakfast was typically buffet style. Hot Coffee/Chocolate/Tea/fruit juices, continental meats and cheese with bread and croissants., Fruit, Yogurt etc., some hot food ie: spanish omelette, baked beans, sausages. Tables cleared immediately.The location was within walking distance of La Rambla and the Port for trains and buses and only yards from the Metro. It is on a busy main road and 2 of our rooms were at the back of the hotel, though there was no view they were quiet. One room at the front was noisy but we had the forethought to take ear plugs, this resolved the problem very easily. There was also telephone and black out curtains in the room. Internet access in foyer.Receptionists were very helpful, they supplied hair dryers for the rooms without one installed, TV remotes, keys to safe deposit box (in foyer). the faulty TV was repaired instantly.We would recommend this hotel very highly. It was perfectly adequate for our needs.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ChirpyCharlie
<Content>Noisy!! Stayed in this hotel for 4 nights over the Easter break. Was located within walking distance of many sights around including the Olympic Stadium lots of nice reasonably priced restaurants further up the Av Paral Lel going North, these were much cheaper to eat at than restaurants located at the port and the Ramblas.Hotel was 2 blocks and we stayed in one through the underground car park. The hotel was not very safe, any person could walk through as and when they wanted however, we personally had no issues with the safety.We found that the hotel was very noisy we had been placed on the same floor as a very noisy school trip and we did have problems. You could hear noise from above below next door and especially out in the halls as the whole hotel was tiled high heeled shoes especially noisy!!Breakfast was average. Plenty of bread, croissants and meats to choose from.The staff were all very pleasant and extremely helpful. Hotel rooms were cleaned and clean towels provided.This is perfect for those on a low budget but I would only rate above a youth hostel. We would not stay here again as we are not planning on a visit to Barcelona again any time in the future.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>FRUITGUM
<Content>GREAT VALUE FOR MONEY Stayed in this hotel for 4 nights March 05 and was extremely pleased with it after hearing not so good reports. We stayed on the 7th floor out of 8 and I would recommend asking for a room this high as you can only just hear the traffic. Breakfast is plentiful and goes on until 10.30 am if you want a lay in. We got the airport bus to Catalonya Square and then it was only EUR 6 in a taxi or it is three stops on the Metro for EUR 1.15 per person. None of the safes work in the rooms now but it was EUR2 per day for a box in reception. If you want to go on the tourist (hop-on hop-off) bus during your stay, I would recommend doing that first as you get a good booklet of discounted vouchers for everything else. The hotel was warm, clean and the staff very helpful. Plenty of towels, extra blankets, soap and hangers. Would definitely go back.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Cath  Our first visit to Barcelona the Auto Hogar is a 2 star Hotel so a little doubtful. What a nice surprise. The staff in both the hotel reception and the restaurant were a joy, the place was spotless, the beds were comfortable the rooms spotless and clean towels every day. The rooms were quite spartan which is to be expected but had SKY TV, hairdryer and central heating (very much appreciated in February).Would recommend the Auto Hogar to anyone - well done to the staff (especially the cleaners).  
<Date>Mar 8, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>chelseajanie
<Content>Dont plan on sleeping here After reading all the reviews about this hotel i really wanted to change hotels, but all hotels were full as us chelsea fans who had booked pretty much everything else.My single room was right next to the lift in the block that you had to walk through the car park to get to , and on entry looked very basic but clean , no natural light tho...Oh well, I thought, may as well get drunk... so out we went and when we returned i was hoping that the drink may have helped me pass out - no such luck. I was still awake at 6 in the morning. the noice was awful, people coming in late, slamming doors, shouting and laughing, music. The wafer thin walls didnt absorb much and i could even here someone in the next room snoring and going to the toilet.I went down to reception and complained very strongly about the noise. The front desk staff were really friendly and moved me into the part of the hotel that is on the road (not thro the underground car park) and i must say i was pleasantly surprised - It even had natural light which was a bonus.I slept much better that night but the cleaners were really noisy in the morning.The TV in the room didnt have english channels on it, not even a music channel..The breakfast was awful, more like a youth hostel canteen, cold food, lack of clean cutlery and crockery, no clean tables. The cafe to the side of the restaurant was far better and served a great breakfast.If you are on a real budget then stay here but luxury it aint.Dont plan on getting any sleep unless you bring industrial strength ear plugs - but then you risk the chance that you wont wake up as there is not much natural light in the room !!!!  
<Date>Mar 1, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Robbed in our beds, hotel security seriously lacking Stayed in hotel the first week in february for a cultural visit with fellow students. Prospective guests need to be aware that in between reception and the bedrooms there is a car park/garage, the doors to which are left open into a back street near Las Ramblas virtually all the time. Anyone can just walk in unapprehended from this back street and access the hotel, and they certainly do. Many of the rooms lack natural light, which at night means it is pitch black. Doubled with the incredible noise levels, plumbing, rubbish trucks twice a night (2am and 4am) and the amplified noise made by other guests (hard floors, paper thin walls and little in the way of soft furnishings to dampen the noise) it made it very difficult to work out what noise was what. We were robbed whilst in our rooms, in the pitch black, awake due to the noise, without realising it! Sounds incredible, I am just very glad we didn't put the light on.  If you stay here, don't plan on sleeping, and if you do manage to nod off sleep with your money in your bed!  A basic knowledge of the Catalan language helps too, spanish doesn't really help. The breakfast was very good and plentiful, and the hotel was quite clean, but overall, I certainly wouldn't want to stay there again   
<Date>Feb 12, 2005
<Rating>1	3	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>maisymeg
<Content>great location We stayed 2 nights in this hotel after staying at a 4 star hotel so were expecting the worst! However the room was very clean and fresh towels and linen were provided the next day. The furniture and decoration were a bit tired but the bed was comfortable and there was plenty hot water. Bring ear-plugs if you like to sleep late as the noise level gets high at certain times of the day. Breakfast was a hot and cold buffet with plenty of food to set you up for the day. Staff at reception were pleasant and polite and the hotel is in a good location for transport links. Only 10 minutes walk from La Rambla. Good value for money.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Onelifeliveit
<Content>You get what you pay for. The hotel is a one minute walk from the metro station, adjacent to the funicular, surrounded by shops, bars and restaurants and centrally located. For what you get, you can't really go wrong. The rooms are clean and kept stocked with clean towels every day, however, I would say that the rooms are very sparsely decorated and I had a problem watching the only English speaking channel (CNN), the screen kept going fuzzy. The floors are tiled and the doors are stiff, therefore it can get rather noisy with people returning back late or getting up early. Everyone raves about the breakfast but I found it so so. The hot drinks came out of a machine, the breakfast rolls and croissants were passable and I really didn't notice a wealth of food at all. But like I said for the price especially for a single female traveller this hotel was a true find.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location A group of 9 of us stayed here in mid October for a 30th birthday. Although the number of beds don't necessarily correspond to the type of room you request (i.e. 3 single beds in a double room, and a double bed in a single!!), we were all satisfied with the accomodation. The check in staff were efficient, the rooms clean (especially the bathroom), crisp linen, and towels provided daily. The breakfast was great, the usual continental breakfast, but buffet style so you can have as many croissants as you like!! It's also served till 11am, which was great after a night out. The cafe downsatirs serves excellent tapas too!! Just one tip. If you're planning a siesta, you'll need your earplugs, but that's hardly a major issue is it? If you're looking for somewhere central, but off the chaos of Las Ramblas (only 5 minute walk), and you just need a base, you can't go wrong. If you're hoping for luxury, at these prices who are you kidding!! We'd definately stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>getting what you pay for!!!   showReview(2620607, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 5, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A place I want to forget!   showReview(2602914, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 27, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>oddball of a place!   showReview(2513989, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 5, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Think twice before staying here   showReview(2500994, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2004
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I will return !!!!   showReview(2331617, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Karenamy
<Content>absolutely fabulous   showReview(2293677, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just want a bed?       View 1 from our hotel window  
<Date>Jul 8, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Basic but clean   showReview(2226522, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 28, 2004
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Scontroller
<Content>very good value for money   showReview(1851949, 'full');   
<Date>May 1, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PansyUK
<Content>Seek your thrills with no frills   showReview(1703492, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 3, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gauboo
<Content>Hotel veraltet   showReview(22688519, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 13, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Chiarettina
<Content>l'hotel...   showReview(21412184, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>3	5	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>enzo-b69
<Content>A Ne Pas Recommander !!! Pour Rien Au Monde...   showReview(20603351, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>Lyanna_85
<Content>recht angenehmer aufenthalt   showReview(20334849, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	2	4	3	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>浜ら€氥伄渚裤亴銈堛亜   showReview(20753307, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>1 A Lage!!!   showReview(20552956, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel tr猫s m茅diocre mais bien situ茅, relativement central et 脿 c么t茅 d'une station de m茅tro.   showReview(19631475, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Blackbar
<Content>Comodo, Pulito, Accogliente   showReview(19461086, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Zimmer lassen - auch f眉r diese Lage - sehr zu w眉nschen 眉brig!   showReview(19631477, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>buon prezzo   showReview(19631471, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>annafio
<Content>comodo come posizione..ma 猫 veramente brutto   showReview(18836545, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	1	

<Author>Voyice
<Content>H么tel correct   showReview(18799080, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	2	3	4	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nous avons bien appr茅ci茅 et nous recommanderons cet h么tel 脿 nos connaissances   showReview(19631472, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sehr zu empfehlen !   showReview(19631470, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>autohogar   showReview(18531449, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(18531446, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Propre, rustique mais peu cher   showReview(18531445, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon h么tel   showReview(18531433, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel in super Lage. Einfach und sch枚n.   showReview(18531432, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>se dovessi tornare a barcellona di certo sceglierei di nuovo questo albergo   showReview(17428087, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>vickymdp
<Content>El auto hogar es un buen hotel   showReview(17221870, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Lage, f眉r einfachen Anspruch   showReview(17428086, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Posizione centralissima ottimo rapporto qualit脿 prezzo   showReview(17428085, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>m枚chte sofort wieder hin   showReview(17428084, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bon hotel centre ville   showReview(17428083, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Buona locazione pessimo servizio   showReview(17428082, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Yomisma_8
<Content>Muy mediocre   showReview(16674774, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	4	1	3	-1	-1	

<Author>solete34
<Content>no volvere   showReview(16552505, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	2	1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>rapport qualit茅 prix pour centre Barcelone c OK   showReview(16603403, 'full');   
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel correct, bien plac茅, un peu de bruit du fait de la circulation, dormir les fen锚tres ferm茅es   showReview(16603406, 'full');   
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>preiswert,aber es gibt Besseres   showReview(16603407, 'full');   
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>A ne pas recommander   showReview(16603401, 'full');   
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ganz ok!   showReview(16603400, 'full');   
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Josh_Bast
<Content>Ottima posizione   showReview(16166846, 'full');   
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	3	4	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bien situ茅.   showReview(16603404, 'full');   
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Pourquoi proposer cette hotel ?   showReview(16603393, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>pas terrible !   showReview(16603399, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel entspricht der 2-Sterne Kategorie   showReview(16603390, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel moyen   showReview(15566767, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Barcellona citt脿 fantastica   showReview(15566766, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>alice79
<Content>Sistemazione mediocre   showReview(15199093, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	3	4	-1	-1	

<Author>smokezna
<Content>CHe schifo   showReview(15095884, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Pessimo   showReview(15566765, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>pauline89
<Content>Tr猫s bien situ茅 mais bruyant   showReview(14977901, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H盲tte eine Renovierung n枚tig (Zimmer)   showReview(15566764, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bien plac茅   showReview(15566763, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>h么tel auto hogar   showReview(14727572, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Zwec km盲脽iges und sauberes Hotel   showReview(14727571, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr茅s moyen   showReview(14727570, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>peu cher bruyant mais pratique   showReview(13974465, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Auto Hogar ein Hotel f眉r schwerh枚rige Personen   showReview(13974466, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>脿 recommander   showReview(13974472, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel idealement situe pour visite sans voiture   showReview(13974473, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>struttura mediocre ma ottimo per ubicazione e personale   showReview(13974464, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>pas emball茅 du tout   showReview(13974463, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 2, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel Auto Hogar nicht empfehlenswert   showReview(13193628, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	1	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(13193624, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel tr猫s bien plac茅   showReview(13193617, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Zentral gelegen - das einzige positive Merkmal   showReview(13193614, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gerne wieder   showReview(13193613, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Dommage   showReview(13193612, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>MichNantes
<Content>HORRIBLE   showReview(12315888, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>a ne pas mettre dans votre s茅lection   showReview(13193611, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>F眉r den Preis in Ordnung   showReview(13193610, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ci torner貌 sicuramente   showReview(11313508, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Mit Einschr盲nkungen weiterempfehlbar   showReview(11313510, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 10, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr猫s moyen   showReview(11313502, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>no comment   showReview(11661221, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 27, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Sib76
<Content>Einfaches Hotel mit sehr unterschiedkichen Zimmern   showReview(10201700, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>3	3	1	2	2	2	2	2	

<Author>deciamande
<Content>H么tel 脿 茅viter voire... 脿 fuir   showReview(8658152, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	2	-1	1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon rapport qualit茅/prix   showReview(11441245, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>pas mal du tout   showReview(11441235, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>philouz
<Content>Comment un hotel pas cher peut vous gacher un s茅jour   showReview(8217660, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	2	2	1	3	

<Author>EdwardGHamburg
<Content>Buchen Sie dieses Hotel niemals!   showReview(7828837, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 10, 2007
<Rating>1	1	-1	3	3	3	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>satisfait   showReview(11408377, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Buono solo per la posizione   showReview(11399135, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 29, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>mal insonnoris茅   showReview(11399133, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>boubadam
<Content>Honn锚te - rapport qualit茅 / prix plutot bon       Lit de +- 1m20  
<Date>Feb 7, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	2	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ZU Laut!   showReview(11389115, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 17, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel bien situ茅...   showReview(11375028, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>uniquement pour 1 nuit .   showReview(11375027, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 22, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Terribile   showReview(11375025, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 21, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Aber nur f眉r einen Kurzurlaub geeignet, da Zimmer sehr klein sind.   showReview(11367384, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 6, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Jederzeit wieder   showReview(11367383, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 2, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Auch f眉r ein Abenteuer viel zu teuer   showReview(11346745, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 28, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sehr entt盲uschend!   showReview(11346744, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 27, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	1	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Einfaches, g眉nstiges Hotel in guter Lage   showReview(11346735, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>A conseiller ...   showReview(11346733, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 8, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>adresse 脿 conserver   showReview(11334305, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un peu d茅莽u   showReview(11334304, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon emplacement (m茅tro et 脿 pied). Tr猫s bon rapport qualit茅 prix pour un 2 茅toiles.   showReview(11346732, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bien plac茅 - en face m茅tro   showReview(11346731, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon rapport qualit茅-prix   showReview(11334302, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel pratique pour visiter barcelone   showReview(11334300, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍦颁笅閴勩伄椐呫亱銈夎繎銇?..   showReview(21801444, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2006
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bien situ茅 mais bruyant   showReview(11334301, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 8, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>si je retourne 脿 Barcelone j'y retourne car tr猫s satisfaite   showReview(11332554, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ottima posizione   showReview(11332553, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 17, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bien situ茅   showReview(11331817, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 26, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>non coerente con quanto pubblicizzato   showReview(11330694, 'full');   
<Date>May 26, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Flavia712
<Content>Nice hotel (Hotel carino)   showReview(5032139, 'full');   
<Date>May 3, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

