<Author>travler2001
<Content>Not Worth the Savings !!!       Holes in Blanket  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>2	2	2	3	1	3	3	1	

<Author>Tamalenas
<Content>Surprisingly good experience! We booked a room at this hotel with trepidation after all the mixed reviews it got on this website as we are on a budget and we wanted to stay in this part of SF (near Haight and Golden Gate Park) and we hadn't found any other decent options that weren't already booked one week in advance. I was relieved to get one of the interior rooms (104) that was neither on the street or over the garden cafe and we were amazed how quiet it was, considering another guest who wrote a review the same weekend commented on the noise the same night we were there. That said, there was a lot of post-election activity (protesting the No on 8 measure) going on in SF that weekend, so perhaps it was more noisy on the streets than usual. The bathroom was updated, we had a fan, and it wasn't as cramped as I'd expect. It's not a place where you'd hang out in your room, but I'd highly recommend it for the value, the proximity to Haight, Buena Vista park, and Golden Gate Park. Also very convienent to the Muni bus which stops a block away. We took that to see live theatre in Union Square. Very easy. We'll come back!  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	1	

<Author>rbgs
<Content>An average budget hotel but v. noisy My mother and I stayed in this hotel for 4 nights. The location is great. It's in a funky neighbourhood with lots of cafes, restaurants and shops. There are plenty of near-by bus routes to whisk you into the centre of town.As you'd expect from the price, the accommodation is pretty basic. Our room was a bit dusty but the linens are clean. The advertised wi-fi was broken during our visit but the phone and TV worked. There is no lift and all the rooms are up either one or two flights of stairs. To cut back on costs (?), the reception desk isn't staffed 24/7 so make sure you let them know when you're planning to arrive (like you'd do for a BB).The main downside to this place is the noise. We had a street-facing room. Three out of the four nights we were (Thurs-Sat) there, lots of noise erupted outside at 1.30 in the morning (when the local bars closed?) It took me a while to get back to sleep each time because people didn't seem to be going straight home but instead standing on the pavement shouting for a while. I've lived and stayed in the centre of many big cities and to be honest, this was one of the noisiest hotel experiences I've ever had. The management can't control that the hotel is on a main street, but they could probably supply curtains (rather than blinds) or better glazing on the windows to contain the noise.The hotel advertises itself as green but this seems to extend only to the recycling bins on every floor.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	2	5	1	

<Author>amd1708
<Content>Great Bargain       Our room  
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Ibernes
<Content>I could not stand the noise We booked a room for 5 nights and had to leave in the middle of the first night. It was simply impossible to sleep as our room (107) was located on top of the kitchen's ventilator of a restaurant. Despite the receptionist agreed that it was noisy, he did not offer anything better and charged us for that night. In short, one of the worse hotels I have been in.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>BillsFaninSF
<Content>For students on a budget The staff is friendly, the place was clean and some of the fixtures were new. But, the room is tiny, the carpet is old, and most of the furniture looks like it is from a second-hand shop. I would recommend this place to students traveling on a budget or people who do a lot of camping. I would not recommend this place to families or to couples looking for a romantic experience. It is close to the Haight and the Painted Ladies in Alamo Square. But, you have to take a bus to most other attractions, so be sure to get a MUNI map and a bus pass.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	3	-1	-1	

<Author>sfexile
<Content>Just Like Home -- Because It Is! I am a San Franciscan who has to live elsewhere because of my job. I come back as often as I can to visit family and friends, and have been staying at the Metro for many years now, instead of with family, because I like to have my privacy. This hotel is perfect for people like me who want to experience ordinary San Francisco living while being in The City. For me this means: airflow comes through windows not vents, no parking (who in their right mind wants to spend their time in San Francisco fighting with traffic? -- take the buses for heaven's sake), cosy rooms, friendly people, firm beds, The rooms are clean. The new ceiling fans are great! And it's lovely to be within walking distance of the Castro, the Duboce Triangle, the Haight, and Cole Valley, and on direct bus and streetcar lines to downtown, the Mission, the Sunset and Richmond districts, the Ocean, the Filmore, and Noe Valley. But the best thing about the hotel for me is what isn't there and seems to be at many of the hotels in the same price range: shouting hookers and drunks. As a woman traveling alone, I always feel safe at the Metro. I wish there were coffee makers in the rooms, but that is minor. You can get coffee three doors down or go to The Grind, a block and a half away, for terrific coffee and one of the best breakfasts in town.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cakp
<Content>Wouldn't stay here again. I was happy to get a room at one of the most inexpensive hotels near UCSF. Upon arrival, I was disappointed. First, you have to park on the street - we did find a spot a 1/2 block away. Next, no elevator. We had to walk up 2 flights of stairs to our room. Then, the room. Well, it was quite small to say the least. The bed took up pretty much the whole room. The bathroom was also interesting. The shower and toilet were the only things in there. The sink was in the room by the bed. It all would have been fine except for it was sooo hot, it was winter time and it was hot. No air conditioning, no ceiling fan. I asked for an inside room because I have read the complaints about the noise. There was a small window, but it didn't help and we could still hear the noise from the restaurant below. I also wasn't thrilled with the desk clerk on check in. He kept cussing at his computer because the rate he was trying to charge was more that what was in the confirmation email they sent. Note: be sure to bring that email to avoid getting overcharged.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	3	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>ngbf
<Content>Small, hot, noisy and bugs! We stayed here one night while going to an appointment at UCSF hospital. We stayed in room 105 which was just big enough (about 8 X 11) for a queen bed small chair and desk/table with the t.v. on it. The furniture was very worn and old. The window looked out onto a platform about 4 X 5 with walls and windows on all sides and open to the sky above. Not sure what we would have done in the case of a fire! We had to have the window open (no screen) even though the temp was in the 40's because the room was so hot and unable to control the heat. We smelled cooking smells most of the night. I crawled under the covers only to find worn, scratchy sheets with little balls all over it. I did call the front desk and ask them to send up a better sheet, which they did. We were right next to the stairs so heard people coming up them all night and heard every word they said while in the hall. The next morning we saw a few little tiny bugs crawling on the walls. Fleas? Bedbugs? Not sure. Oh did I mention the bed was hard? The price was reasonable ($80) but don't expect much. Some of the other rooms may have been better. I am needing to find a place to stay for 3 weeks while my husband is in the hospital........it won't be here! We did have dinner at the Katmandu next door, which I think is part of the hotel , and it was very good. We were the only ones in there for an early 5:30 pm dinner though.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	3	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>Rocky995
<Content>A room we couldn't get comfortable in We called ahead to request a larger, quieter room. We got one at the back but with windows on all walls so that we got to hear the conversations and cell phone calls of the people using the garden or walking around the various staircases. And the hotel or restaurant staff washing out bins at 1am. It was like a fishbowl. Also the rooms layout meant you were constantly bumping into things and it just wasn't comfortable for checking email, reading or watching TV. Even the bathroom was uncomfortable with no where to put your things. There was no coffee in the hotel and it was a couple block walk for a cup of joe. They make a big deal about being no smoking and then the hotel staff stink the place up with really smelly incense. We had a 4 night booking and left within 2 days.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	3	3	3	-1	2	

<Author>knewitall
<Content>A Good Basic Place My 2 sisters and I stayed here overnight as they were undergoing surgery the next morning and needed a place close to the hospital. I travel a great deal for business and am used to the Hilton/ Sheraton type ammenities, and if that's your requirement, book elsewhere. However, for a no frills, clean, cheap (by San Francisco standards) place to stay, check it out. Rooms are extremely small, and don't count on all the goodies like nice soap, shampoo, hairdryer, etc. What you will find is a friendly staff, a great location, decent neighborhood, and a terrific restaurant right next door (Metro Kahtmandu). The hotel also has a beautiful courtyard and several interesting shops in the same block. Parking is a little dicey, but from 6:00 pm to 9:00 am, they have an arrangement with a business about 1/2 block away, and you may use their lot for free. Would definitely stay there again if I was just looking for a place to sleep, clean up, and explore the city. If you're a sit-in-your-hotel-room kind of person, would advise checking in elsewhere (and probably paying 3 times the nightly rate).  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>PopArtist
<Content>Very basic but clean and well-maintained       View towards room entry (bathroom door on the side)  
<Date>May 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>11willow11
<Content>Grand and handy (one problem) I went on a trip to San Francisco with an old boyfriend four years ago for a few weeks. Before we arrived we had booked a 14 night stay in a hostel by Haight and Divisadero, we had heard hostels especially in this area were very good. On arrival we saw a broken down hovel, dark ,dirty and very dangerous we decided to throw our deposit away and run as fast as we could (to the nearest bar that is). More or less across the road we found a pub called the Bodhran (since closed down) ran by a Cork man and his wife, who became friends on the trip and advised us on The Metro Hotel for our stay and said that's where their extended family would stay when they come to visit. So off we went a two minute walk up Haight Street and a small turn right on Divisadero and there it was The Metro. On the outside it was white and well looked after with hanging flower baskets etc. As it was roughly seven in the evening we were not too sure if the restaurant next door was shut down or simply closed but looked like a part of the hotel. We entered and spoke to a middle aged women who later stated she was the owner, we explained our predicament and afraid we were not going to find anywhere else decided for convenience to settle up for two weeks there and then. We also used the safe she accessed from behind her desk to hold all money, passports and licenses. We were given our key and off up the stairs we went. We were at the front of the building on the first floor. It was an average sized room with a large double bed and very large window facing out onto the road. It was old fashioned but not too dated and not at all dirty just a lot of dark wood furniture and woolly blankets on the bed. The toilet was a good size and more modern. Towels were provided and a T.V. with satellite was also in the room. No other amenities were available but it suited us. One thing I must say is in the high morning sun the room was boiling and had no other conditioning but to open the window. During the day the owner herself looked after the front desk in the small entrance area which was full of leaflets on trips and restaurants and ventures which proved very helpful for us. At night a younger man sat, both were more than helpful and even received Fax's for us on occasion. Across the road from the hotel was a pub, quiet enough with a few snooker tables and as Ive previously stated an Irish bar just down the road, a lovely restaurant next door with a terrace outside and a slushy Joe type fast food place down on Divisadero. Best of all we were a stones throw from the famous hippy area Haight and Ashbury which had a fabulous array of shops and restaurants and led down to Golden Gate Park. While the hotel was not too near to the City we were able to walk it in 30 minutes, there was a very good bus service across from the hotel, and taxis were reasonable.. In all it was a pleasant place to stay with helpful staff the only downside for me was that on our last day a collection of about 7 Cd's i had only just bought in a local discount music store went missing from my bag. As we were moving on anyway and the owner assured me she would look after the situation I was not too worried but weeks later on arriving home and my phone calls at this stage being ignored it seemed outta sight outta mind attitude for The Metro with regard to customer service. I would not let this deter you too much as I hope there has been a turnover of cleaning staff since , The Metro did the job and we found it a reasonable price for our stay in a great safe and handy location.  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	4	3	4	2	1	

<Author>mr_plac
<Content>good little location great little hotel, nice enough rooms, staff are very helpful too. A little out of the city, but not far from the bus stop. lots of restaurants nearby - especially a vegetarian place on divisadero, 2 blocks away to the north on the same side of the road (forgot the name) it was cheap as chips, and delicious.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>loutzl
<Content>Know what you are getting, excellent for right people I often stay at the Metro when I visit San Francisco. Know what you are getting in the Metro, or maybe what you are not getting. This is a lovely, clean boutique hotel with small rooms, knowledgeable staff (during the day, night not so much!), excellent location for folks who are experienced travelers and comfortable outside the tourist areas downtown or near the wharf. If you want to be able to walk to SOMA, Union Square, or the Wharf area this is not the locale for you. This is a place for people who are not looking to spend hours in their rooms, but are out working or enjoying the city. Nice brunch downstairs at restaurant, too!I have not experienced the noise other folks have discussed because I ask to stay in a quieter room. What makes this place outstanding are the very, very reasonable prices. This is not, however, a luxury property. There is not a concierge, elevator or in-room treats. But you are not paying through the nose for it either. Know what you are getting, a small clean, cute hotel with basic amenities, excellent location for exploring the entire city and wonderful prices.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Havanafan
<Content>I wouldn't go back We stayed here as part of a group in December. The hotel is small and very basic. Our friend's rooms were slightly bigger than ours but all were quite old-fashioned and very plain. Our room was so small we were constantly tripping over each other. No room for our bags whatsoever. Our room also was unbearably hot. We complained after the second night and were told that the heating either had to be on or off for the entire building they could not turn down or off the room. they offered us another room but the noise from the street in the other room was terrible.Location-wise it isn't great as it is a bit far out. I usually prefer a more central base.Having said all that, the en-suite in the room had an excellent shower and I will forgive a lot if the shower is good. The staff that we met were very nice and the chambermaid service was excellent, The room was cleaned meticulously every day.Also on arrival there was a lovely christmas tree in the lobby which made it very welcoming.Price-wise it is very reasonable and good value.I would not have chosen it and won't be going back but for someone on a budget it isn't a bad choice as it is very clean. It holds good memories for us as it was a great family trip and we all enjoyed ourselves tremendously.If you are staying there or in the area head to the restaurant owned by a Korean lady called Margaret up the street for a great breakfast, a croissantwich and some lovely coffee!  
<Date>Feb 14, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Globetrotter_5678
<Content>Great Maids  I stayed at the Metro for 12 days in rm 112 for a medical procedure in the city. They put me in rm 112, the quietest room in the building. Usually, it was very quiet and private. On one weekend, there was a party or something nearby, perhaps at the restaurant downstairs, and it was noisy (but not really loud) with hip hop playing. Otherwise, the stay was extremely pleasant. The staff were polite and knew a good deal about the surrounding businesses. Among the better recommendations are Herbivore, an EXCELLENT vegan restaurant two blocks away, and Film Yard Video, a welcoming movie rental shop about three blocks away. Both are north of the hotel.I especially liked the chambermaid service. They figured out quickly what our schedule and preferences were. Thus there were very few knocks when we were in the room after the first two days.The hotel is beautifully kept, well-managed, and clean.I do recommend booking directly if you are staying for 7 or more days, as the booker takes your 10% discount as its commission otherwise. I was very displeased about this, and this was the one thing that I take points off for in the customer service area. I had called about combining my reservations and getting a quiet room and had learned about the discount. When I spoke to the manager, he told me the above scenario and wouldn't give me the discount.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Gillbyjones
<Content>Disaster Area... This hotel was without a doubt the worst place I have ever stayed in, in my life. Upon entry we trudged up the dreary stairs to be greeted by a tiny, dingy room which wouldn't look out of place in a mental hospital. There was barely enough room to put the suitcases on the ground and when they were put down, we had to step over them to get by. The hand basin was next to the bed as there wasn't enough room in the bathroom. I will echo other peoples' sentiments about this hotel who would only recommend to those on a seriously low budget and for no longer than 2 nights because it's not the kind of place you will ever be glad to get back to after a long day in the city.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel with good, but noisy restaurant in the backyard Metro Hotel... we麓d stay there for three night. The room was nice furnitured and had a window to the backyard. The staff is very friendly and relaxed.The hotel shares the backyard with a french restaurant (good food for reasonable prices!). This turned out to be a real problem, because the were guests of the restaurant arriving 11h p.m.(23h), which were served in the backyard until 1h a.m. (1h morning). After this very noisy (americancs are regretably tent to be very loud in restaurants) an annoying experience the staff of the restaurant started to pack empty bottels and to trow empty boxes an cans into the backyard. We tried to complain at the front-desk of the hotel - but without any remarkable reaktion of the restaurant staff. We can NOT recommend this hotel for a stay before a long-distance-flight, because you need your sleep before. This hotel is neither recommendable for travellers with very young children or pragnant women. For disabelded persons: there is no elevator and you have to carry your luggage yourself up the stairs!For all others the place is a nice place to be - if you have your earplugs with you. ;-)Britta  Hubert  
<Date>Jun 8, 2006
<Rating>2	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Romanchick
<Content>Depressing Room! When this hotel was recommended to us for a quick weekend jaunt, I thought my husband and I were in the wrong place. The room looked like something out of a mental hosptial. No decor, nothing on the wall, no light and the floor was crooked. The bathroom had a shower stall with a rusted bottom. I've seen better decor in a hospital room. The room, the hotel just had a weird, unwelcoming vibe. If you're a student or an extreme budget traveler with absolutely no where else to go for the night, then this place is acceptable ONLY as a last resort....  
<Date>Mar 15, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Noise until 3:30AM My husband, myself, and our faimly stayed at the Metro December 3rd. When we returned to the Metro for the evening a very loud band and talking and yelling began about 10:pm and continued until 3:30 AM. It made our evening a nightmare. When I reported it to the front desk we were offered a 10% discount. I felt after only getting about 3 hr sleep they owed us a total refund.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2005
<Rating>1	3	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>jennywenny
<Content>Great, convenient bargain! We stayed in San Francisco for my husband's birthday and really just wanted somewhere to sleep as we knew we'd be out and about all the time. It was small but so much cheaper than anything else we've seen in San Francisco. If you're hoping for a room to spend more time in and more facilities, you may be dissapointed but you really cant argue with the prices!  
<Date>Nov 7, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>plenty good stayed there while going to see ufo at the independent across the street. i thought it was resonably priced at $99 a night for a room with 2 beds. the guy at the desk said next time book directly and i would get a better rate. room was very clean. a little noisey because our room faced divisidero. food in restaurant downstairs was good and reasonably priced. would stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>WONDERFUL NEW HOTEL IN PETALUMA As a world traveller I was pleasantly surprised to stumble upon a little slice of European Elegance in Petaluma. The rooms are a welcome 180 degree change from the horrible, stuffy, usually dirty standard rooms that populate the American landscape like a scourge. Clean, clever, and within easy and pleasant walking distance to all of Petaluma's many attractions. This is in the true (and to me much preferred) style of an European Pensione, NOT a typical American B  B by a longshot. Expect to have your needs met if possible, do not expect (or need I hope!) a personal babysitter. These Innkeepers (thank GOD!) treat all guests as adults. I recommend this place to anyone I know who might either be coming to Petaluma or having family to visit. I look forward to seeing this place grow and prosper! Thank you Art and Marie for all of your help!!  
<Date>Mar 3, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>CharlotteAnn
<Content>No Frills Just Basics Rooms are average and there is only street parking which was quite a nightmare. My husband and I stayed here to see an incredible show (Blackmoore's Night) at the Independent just a few blocks from the Hotel. It was fine for our need. Short stay and spending very little time in the room which was small and basic but clean. The French Bistro next door had courteous staff and delicious entrees. It seems they are trying to upgrade the place as they were painting in the hall when we left; we'll be back.   
<Date>Feb 10, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great value This is not a hotel with a tremendous amount of amenities. That said, it's a great value for the money. I stayed here for two nights in mid-October 2004 when I came up here last minute for some job interviews. It was a perfect place to stay given my limited budget. The employees were all very friendly, chatty and helpful, and the room was small but clean and had all the basics (bed, TV, private bath, sink). If you're expecting luxury, this is not the place for you. But if you want a clean, quiet room in a slightly off-the-beaten track neighborhood (but still amazingly close to everything via convenient public transit - only 10 minutes to Market Street by bus), this is a great find. I would definitely stay here again given the hotel's great value.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I expected more... I was in California from the end of March until the end of April 2004. My first ever trip to America and I LOVED CA!! LA, Anaheim, San Diego, Tahoe were all fantastic. Except for my 5 day stay at The Metro... I was really dissapointed. The desk staff were rude and not very helpful. I had to drag all my luggage up 2 steep flights of stairs as there was no elevator. The room was tiny. The bed was terribly uncomfortable. There was no air-conditioning and no way to turn off the heat. I was lucky as I had a window (I know of at least one room without a window). There was no room service, microwave, hairdryer or jug to boil water. They ripped me off big time with the phone charges too. I only ever used a calling/phone card (it's a free number) and my bill was almost $150!! There wasn't any on premise parking. I usually love to explore my surroundings wherever I go, but, it's not in a nice area and as a single woman, I didn't even feel safe walking to the laundromat on the corner. I took a walk to Haight which wasn't far (2 or 3 blocks away), and I was followed and harrassed for money (in the middle of the day!!). I thought most of San Fran was lovely, but next time I travel 20,000+ miles to go there, I'm definately not staying at The Metro.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Deal in SF! For me, location in a hotel is everything. This hotel is a great find if you want to stay off of the tourist track yet be centrally located. The rooms are quiant but adequite; filled with eclectic antique furniture. Staff if extremely friendly and helpful. This location is perfect for being near the flamed Castro district without paying the astronomical rates for a room. If you're more into being out running around the city more than lounging in a hotel with every amenity, this place is for you! I stay here for my yearly trek to SF...  
<Date>Aug 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

