<Author>stephenBristol
<Content>great stay holiday to remember stayed at hotel in march 2008, excellant hotel found the staff very friendly and helpfull,they could not do enough for you. The rooms were nice and comfortable, the maids were there every day to clean rooms, I found the hotel very clean and a good enviroment to stay in.Also the hotel was located in a good spot so it was easy to get around by foot and if you wanted to go further there was always a taxi outside the lobby waiting any time of day or night. It was a very enjoyable stay i would stay there again and reccomend this hotel to anyone else visiting Hong Kong.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Tiongkok_Lang
<Content>Beware I want to confirm what was said by the other reviewer regarding higher pricing for foreigners... it happened to us too. In my case, it's 1400HKD per night plus 10% service charge.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>1	2	4	3	4	2	3	3	

<Author>CobySingapore
<Content>Comfortable stay and very convenient After seeing the poor reviews here, we went with low expectations. But surprisingly, it turned out to be a pleasant stay. We were upgraded to Club Room. Think it was one of the recently renovated rooms. Clean and comfortable. The hotel is also convenient as MTR station is just a couple of minutes away, and there is also complimentary bus shuttle services provided by hotel to shopping district and the Central stationl, where the airport express is. The check in and check out was also fast and smooth for us.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>Rach_8
<Content>A long four days We stayed at this hotel for 4 nights on our trip to Asia, we arrived at the hotel at midnight and it took 25 minutes to check in. When finally getting checked in they asked myself and my husband if a room with two single beds were ok. We said no and said that our booking confirmation stated that we had a deluxe double room booked. He said this was not a problem and booked us into a room with a double bed. Finally getting to the room we discovered that the main light in the room did not work and with it being about night time we could not see to unpack. We contacted reception who after waiting 10 minutes sent an maintanance guy to sort the light. He confirmed after 15 minutes that there was a problem with electrics and started to try and sort this out, by now it was about 1.30am. My husband contacted reception and said it was not good enough, they told him that no other rooms were available. My husband insited that they moved us and they then managed to find another room!! It was now 2.30 in the morning! The room was a fairly good size but was was very dated and not too clean. The bathroom was a fair size but we had a hole in the bath!! The room was very noisy and everytime that the room above turned on their shower it sounded like a plane taking off, the hotel blammed this on the plumbing. The hotel was quite a way out and you had to catch the MRT to get anywhere as it was too warm to walk. We stayed in five cities whilst visiting Asia and this hotel was the worst by far!!We would not recommend this hotel and if we returned to Hong Kong would not stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	3	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>Perspective
<Content>RUBBISH RUBBISH RUBBISH Hello,MY god... dont ever stay here.. booked a standard room got upgraded 4 cateogries up..thank you.. got a club room.. room is ok nice but no dvd player and old tv.. willing to pay for renting a dvd player but got told there is no such thing here.. i lived in small hotels before for the local feel such as south pacific hotel stayed at the presdential suite.. but here is a crying shame.. all the rooms are rubbish and torn apart.. expect for the club rooms and the suites because it was just renovated...The staff at the reception is rubbish..and i handed in them a note for the manager and they kind of laughed at me.. but i usually send the general manager a letter and obviouslly aplogising and next time you come free rooms free upgrades free food but city garden general manager never send me a letter back..this place is a joke..  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	3	1	1	1	

<Author>kristian_page
<Content>CAN DO BETTER The City Garden Hotel is comfortable but it is under renovation (Sept 2008) on floors 5 and 6 and moving up to the 15+ floors. I booked through Wotif and while I can often get a good deal from that engine they are so big now they are slipping with their discounts. I took the 鈥楽ecret Deal鈥?which is booking a Hotel without knowing which one it is. I fgured it was City Garden as the description was exactly the same as the listed City Garden but I saved HK55. On arrival my deal said I would get the complimentory fruit basket and free drink but that never happened. Normally I mention it but I let it go until I cheked out and the receptionist went to a draw a got a few coupons. Something I couldn鈥檛 use anyway as I was leaving, this was typical of the service, it was very lapsed. On arriving to the room I had a look around. There was a few black hairs in the bathroom and around the floor. A half full bottle of moisturizer was on the sink and when I went into the bedroom there was another black hair on the pillow, For a minute I wasn鈥檛 sure the room was actually made up from the last guest. Apparently it was and this is the best they could offer. They really need to step up in the housekeeping department.I was told I have been upgraded to a suite but this room was NOT a suite, it was the only Non Smoking floor available. Don鈥檛 expect any views as this Hotel looks into the local neighbourhood. The MRT (subway) is 2 blocks away and a short walk. There are several 7 11 stores, Starbucks and a few other places to grab snacks and coffee. The breakfast in this Hotel is HK130 which is very expensive.Hong Kong is expensive in any currency, on par with Singapore. You really pay to be here so getting the best rate on a room is important. Best to shop around and look for an all inclusive deal. If you can get a room that is HK200 more with everything like breakfast and Internet then take it as the Internet in the City Garden is HK200 a day, the room was only HK550.This Hotel isn鈥檛 4 star by western standards, more like 3. Be careful, shop around, you can do better then this Hotel. KP  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	1	1	2	2	

<Author>celticgirlYorkshire
<Content>so helpful My husband and I spent 2 nights at the end of July at the city garden and It had been booked by our travel agent as we had decided on a stopover on the way to Saigon. i was a bit apprehensive having read some of the reviews. When we arrived at the airport, our transfer had not been sorted out by the travel agent and we had to get a cab. At the hotel reception staff were very helpful and the concierge said he would sort it. I then requested an extra bed in our room as our daughter had flown from Saigon to meet us for the 2 nights. This was no problem and the bed was brought to the room within the hour. The next day we had a note under the door to say transfers were sorted out and gave us times for airport minibus. We found our room clean and comfortable . It wasnt absolute luxury but certainly not unpleasant or dirty. When we went to pay the extra for our daughter for her bed in the room and transfer for her to the airport, they told us it was fine and no payment was required. There seems to be very mixed reviews about this hotel but our experience was an excellent one.The staff were all very polite and pleasant and nothing was to much trouble. We would certainly use this hotel again. Thank you City Garden Hotel!  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ginapeterb
<Content>Reasonably Comfortable but has a Foreigner Price mentality ! We stayed 4 nights at the City Garden (Business) hotel, arriving on the 19th July and checking out on the 23rd July this year.First impressions, the hotel looks great from the outside, the door staff were freindly, and taxi's are easily obtaininable from the hotel forecourt entrance, the hotel is located very nicely near the Fortress Hill MTR stop, its about a 5 minute walk crossing a busy intersection, and up on the right, convenient for those who buy the 3 day tourist pass with Airport express journeys.On checking in, the Reception staff seemed a bit flat in terms of welcome, however, we checked in and were given a room on the 9th floor.The room on first inspection was quite big, we had booked a triple, and we found 3 well made up beds available, the bathroom was marble, good facilities, and the best set of amenities I have ever seen in a hotel in my life, in this one, they had put razors and shaving cream in small packets, something of a welcome, if you had not brought any shaving cream, it did the job and was a big boost to our first impressions.Sadly, the Aircon was a big let down, after staying in the Ramada Des Voeux road on a previous stay, with a fantastic room divided into a suite and bedroom area, with superb aircon, this aircon system was a big let down.We complained to the reception desk in the morning, and they sent up engineers to check the aircon, they confirmed it was not working.They then agreed to move us to the 10th floor, and sent up the porter to help me move in the afternoon, I had to leave my wife and her best friend in Disney, and take the train back to the hotel interrupting my sight seeing afternoon, to move rooms, somewhat of an irritation, when I got back, it took over an hour to move our things, including valuables from the hotel safe, and the porter left me stranded on the 10th floor, on my own, thinking we had finished moving, I then had to carry on alone, again not inspiring.The aircon in this room was better, but not by much, so we accepted it as you did feel cooler in the room, but then I noticed there was a put me up bed for the 3rd user, I was irritated by this and contacted reception about it, they said, they had to put in a fold down bed as this was all they had, again, no back up, irritating.In the morning, we could not make coffee for the 3rd person, because of inadequate coffee cups, I had to chase the maid down the hall, to ask for another cup and saucer and extra coffee sugar milk and tea etc, again irritating, but the problem was solved.Apart from the above, the room was nice, the T.V. very modern, and internet wi fi in the room, although it cost HKD 30.00 for 1 hours use, or HKD 300.00 for a week, but at least it was available.We did not take breakfast in this hotel so we have no comments to make about it, we went out in the morning for breakfast as there are so many restaraunts in the area, just to the left of the hotel in the next street is Yoshinaya, a popular eatery, and we ate there, I understand breakfast is around USD 20.00 UK 10.00 per head, and we did not use the Bar.The hotel was booked through a UK Travel website and we were charged 拢100.00 per night for a triple, however, I was speaking to a chinese couple who spoke good english and they only paid Hong Kong 600 dollars, I suspect, this hotel operates a Foreigner Price policy, where foreigners pay more than chinese visitors, although we expected to pay that price.This hotel is reasonable, its clean, and tidy, the rooms are cleaned daily, and the amenities are stocked daily, the location is good, and I would say I would stay there again, I think my experience may be a one off and would not wish to put anyone else off from booking, it seems reviews on this hotel are a mixed bag depending on the experience received.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>2	4	3	5	3	2	4	4	

<Author>Cordium
<Content>Not honest.... I go to HK nearly every month. My 'regular' hotel was booked up solid so I went on a desperate search for something in the same area (North Point) and came across this City Garden Hotel. I was out of pocket at the time, and so a Chinese friend of mine called to book the room for me. Mind you, this was a 'cold call' directly to the hotel reservation desk. The reservationist first quoted a room cost of 590HKD per night for a standard room. Then, when my Chinese friend gave my passport information, the reservationist asked if I was a 'foreigner'. My friend asked what difference that made? Well, apparently it made a big difference because the price for that same room suddenly became 1400HKD per night in a matter of seconds. I've never encountered this kind of trickery before, and I hope I never do again. But I felt I should let folks know about this hotel's policy toward foreigners. It seems we get the foreign discount of 150% increase. Beware. I ended up booking a room at Hotel JEN.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>akuma88
<Content>highly recommend I stayed there for over a week and a half and was very impressed with the cleaness and service of the staff. The staff spoke very good english and most importantly it was very spacious. It's close to a convenience store and only two blocks away from the MTR station, which was very important. I would definitely go back.For two nights, I had stayed at an another hotel that was rated higher and more expensive than the city garden but it was a very small room and the amendities does not compare at all.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>CardiffDuppers
<Content>really liked city garden in hong kong We arrived at the hotel in the evening after a 13 hour flight, so we were tired but the receptionists could hardly speak english? so it took more time to book in than usual. The reception area is really nice and spotlessly clean as is all of the hotel. The bar had no atmosphere and was expensive, a beer and a coffee was seven pounds! plus they had a minimum spend policy of i believe 5 pounds?. go to the supermarket right next door for beer at about 25p a can. the room was really nice and clean, roomy and well decorated. There was supposed to be building work being done on certain floors but we did not hear them although the gym and pool area was shut due to modernisation. the other areas were nice ( restaurants, toilets, lifts etc. Overall a very nice stay, would reccomend the hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	2	3	5	

<Author>kabi001
<Content>Good service and location Having read some of the comments, I cannot understand that someone could have anything to moan about with the hotel. Check in was very quick, staff were polite. The rooms were made up every day without fail and cleanliness was good. Housekeeping came in every evening to close the curtains; we were supplied with bathrobes, slippers and bottled drinking water.Overall, I had a fabulous time in City Garden .I'd go back there again.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>sara063
<Content>Very, very disappointing We were shown two rooms at this hotel and they both stank to high heavens! The brown carpets and brown brillo pad type blankets were disgusting, the smell stuck to the back of your throat. We booked through a booking agency which waxed lyrical about the garden view, all we saw was a derelict fountain opposite. The beds are like jelly, so one to avoid if you have back problems. We arrived and after seeing a standard and executive room checked out immediately cancelling our booking with the hotel.  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>BedbugsUk
<Content>Bedbugs! This Hotel in Hong Kong is a Four Star establishment, in an advanced country. I have never been to a four star establishment that does not vacuum carpets, or change bed linen before, so this was a first! The carpet was black and looks like it has never been cleaned since it was first laid; the linen is not changed but just shook and replaced on the bed. Our child was covered in bites from bed bugs and we all developed a skin rash due to the amount of dust mites living with us in the room. We were constantly itching whilst trying to sleep.  A word of advice, if you want to have clean towels everyday make sure you put all your used or unused towels in the bath and WET THEM! So they have to give you new ones. Also if there are three of you in a room i.e. parents and a child, you are only given enough towels and bath accessories for two people, and are not likely to get a third set unless you ring housekeeping to remind them EVERY DAY! There was one day when the room wasn鈥檛 made up at all until we complained. And if you fancy a light breakfast, go somewhere outside of the hotel as their breakfast is 拢10.00 per head regardless of age, so if you have children that only want a couple of spoonfuls of cereal it鈥檚 the same price, unless you can eat your way through 拢10.00 worth of breakfast a day don鈥檛 bother. And by the way the breakfast choice is fairly limited and nothing to write home about, try Starbucks there seems to be one on every corner in Gateway or Central. In contrast to this our previous hotel in A NOT SO ADVANCED COUNTRY Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam was very clean, the staff were friendly, helpful, and at least you knew your bed was made every day with fresh linen, and you had fresh towels, enough for everybody in the room. Take my advice, go and stay in a nice CHEAPER FIVE STAR hotel in Macau, and take the ferry into Hong Kong whenever you need to.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	3	1	-1	

<Author>Witsawagorn
<Content>Wet The weather in HK was wet the week we were there, but the inside of our room was too. I have never met such awful condensation. We could not open the windows even a crack: reception explained that this was for safety reasons because the room was on the 24th floor. They said the condensation was occurring because it was warmer outside than inside; this was not true, but after our complaint the condensation mysteriously cleared up. Complimentary water, with a little tag on it, was supplied when we arrived: when more bottles arrived also with little tags, we assumed they were complimentary as well, but discoverd when we checked out that those little tags had been advertising a promotional price of HK$58 per bottle (the bottles were available in 7-11 for HK$14) so beware! Other than this, the hotel was average; the room was OK but the TV was rather elderly and there was some noise from the lift motor; breakfast and the bar were very expensive. If you choose to stay here, the address is North Point, but the nearest MTR is Fortress Hill (it's then a very short walk) and there's an airport bus stop (the A11) near that MTR station. The Newton Hotel just down the road was better when we stayed in it four years ago.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>Ann012
<Content>Comfortable stay at City Garden Have just returned from a 9 night stay at the City Garden with my family (children 11 12). We had a great holiday in HK and the City Garden provided us with a comfortable base from which to venture out in to the frenetic activity of the city. Although the hotel is a short tram ride away from the tourist 'hot spots' I liked being in a part of town where people actually live and being able to look out on the TaiChi in the garden in the morning. I could not fault the cleanlines of our rooms during our entire stay. On the only occasion we needed attention from the hotel staff - the air conditioning did not work correctly one night - we found them to be very helpful and efficient.My children loved the pool and insisted on a swim every evening even when the temperature was decidedly chilly - you can tell we are Scots! We had breakfast in the coffee shop on a few mornings and ate in the restaurant twice. The food is good value and perfect for those evenings when you want something straight forward and tasty to eat.One tip for any family traveling to the City Garden. The laundry charges in the hotel are high. Try one of the laundry shops on the other side of the Garden - 7lbs of laundry for HK$30!  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AGM78
<Content>A good value base for exploring HK       The view!  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>HERSHAMBOY
<Content>Average I have just returned from a 5 night stay at this hotel.I selected this hotel as the price seemed reasonable for a City Hotel and it was quite near the Rugby Stadium.The positives are: The staff are extremely helpful and friendly but unfortunately don't always action your requests. It has a nice bar with a good atmosphere. It is well placed to get to Wan Chai for night life, Central for shopping and the ferry terminals to go to Kowloon.Most of the places you want to visit are no more than a 拢2 - 拢3 taxi ride away. The main lobby and eating areas are clean, smart and spacious.The negatives are the rooms: They are in desperate need of modernisation and decoration. The bathrooms are ancient,carpets soiled and the walls need painting.The view out of your window is of a row of scyscraper grey concrete apartment blocks, which is pretty depressing. The harbour is just behind them but you can't see it, just the tower blocks. Although cleaning is done daily with fresh sheets and towels, the standard of cleaning is atrocious, the bathroom was disgusting, mirrors don't get cleaned or wiped either.In my room, the main bathroom light did not work, nor one of the bedside tables or the safe,. Despite several requests and assurances nothing had been done by the time I left.In summary, you get what you pay for. Overall not too bad value but would choose somewhere else next time.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	3	1	4	2	-1	

<Author>nffc-on-tour
<Content>Great base, great value hotel. As a break from the norm we decided to spend our summer holiday away from the meds crowded beaches and head for the even more crowded destination of Hong Kong.The City Garden is a very good hotel with attentive staff and clean rooms. We didn't eat in the hotel so can't comment on the food. The room was cleaned daily and was always immaculate. We paid just over 拢420 for a 9 night stay - for a hotel of this quality it was an absolute bargain even during the 'hot' season. Staff were excellent, very attentive and willing to help. We used to pool a couple of times and whilst not huge it was clean and did the job for a midday dip. Location wise the hotel is, as other reviews suggest, not right in the thick of the action. However a 2 minute walk from the hotel and you are on the MTR and heading for Central or Kowloon. For a more touritsy way to get around you can catch a tram which is good fun and a great way to see the city, they are also dirt cheap. Transport in Hong Kong, especially the MTR, is unbelievably efficient. It astounded me to go from North Point to Kowloon so quickly, especially if you look at a map and see how far it actually is. Overall I would highly recommend the City Garden as a good quality hotel as a base for exploring Hong Kong or for a business trip where your dealings are nearby.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>cruachan
<Content>A good deal on HK Island The Hotel City Garden is located in North Point.This is not quite in the buzz, but hey, 2 minutes to the tram and bus, three minutes to the MTR.There are many restaurants located nearby.We stayed two nights, during Chinese New Year and could find no fault with the Hotel.Buffet breakfast was very good and catered for both Eastern and Western diets.The room was very clean and comfortable. There is no view but as the price is reasonable, you cannot expect everything.The staff were very friendly and helpful. Yes, I would return there without question.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>kenopdx
<Content>Nice, could use a little update       Bathroom  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	4	2	4	4	3	

<Author>martinmatousek
<Content>Loved the location       view from City Garden Hotel  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	2	3	5	

<Author>steplulu
<Content>Feel the local life stay in this hotel This is our second time stayed at City Garden. I agree some reivew although upgrade the room, the room size not very huge but very clean and fresh. The housekeeper do a very good job, change the bedding everyday and make the room very clean.Tip: request high floor room at least on 15th floor. Our room on the top a bit cold!!Location: Easy to reach from the ariport take A11 airport bus, the bus stop just behind the hotel and cost you only HK$40 per person for 1 hr and 15 mins journey max. For someone first visit the area might a bit confusing they don't have a big shopping department store like Causeway Bay or shops you can focus, but I like the area not too busy full of shops and people on the streets. Only 20 mins walk through Victoria Park to Causeway Bay and the MTR nearby.We paid 拢42 per night is a good price, I highly recommend for budget travellers, the room size I would say reasonable. The hotel staffs helpful as well.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Bytel
<Content>Great Value Hotel Very Clean and Modern Hotel with full facilities. The rooms are clean and comfortable with Tea and coffee tray ,good size bathroom All rooms are furnished with twin or queen sized beds and offer broadband internet connections, electronic safes, a wide choice of television channels .Highly recommend the breakfast buffet a wide range of European and Chinese dishes.Staff very friendly and happy to help.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Leopard_Lil
<Content>Great value       View from my window - yikes!  
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Canadian079
<Content>Good value in Hong Kong We stayed at the City Garden for three nights in November 2007. We booked the hotel with bed and breakfast through a hotel website. The hotel is located about a ten minute walk from the subway line. It is a bit tricky to find on arrival (especially after a fifteen hour flight and then train into the city), as you need to use an overhead passageway to cross the main street. However once oriented, we realised that we could simply have followed the street to arrive. Check in was rapid and very easy. Being a quiet neighbourhood, the room was quiet and quite spacious. It has an in-room safe. It overlooked a small park (where we could see locals doing Tai Chi in the mornings) and huge apartment buildings. Breakfast was excellent 鈥?no doubt the best of all the hotels we stayed in during our two month trip. The hotel staff was helpful and friendly. The cable selection on the television was very diverse. The hotel itself was about five minutes from the tramway and local buses. This made travel around the city and the island very easy. For example it took about 15 minutes to get from the hotel to central station.We would recommend this hotel for a stay in Hong Kong. We certainly enjoyed our time there; the price was right, amenities very good, large comfortable room and excellent breakfast. Location was also very good with access to all public transportation systems.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Devonbloke
<Content>Had a fab stay We stayed at the City Garden for 8 days. The room was clean and very modern with an adequate sized bathroom (typical of that kind of hotel). We upgraded to an executive room and those floos did look better than the standard room floors.so I would advise an upgade as its not that much more money. The staff were extremely helpful, and coundn't do enough to make our stay a pleasurable one. We ate in 2 of the 3 restaurants and the food was good on each occasion. The evening buffet is to be recomended..I note that a previous reviewer felt that North Shore was too far out, but the MTR is only a couple of minutes away and taxis cost next to nothing. We did not feel that location was an issue.I would stay again.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	5	4	4	

<Author>jeffsoo1
<Content>Not a good location The location (North Point) is too far from the downtown area and surrounded by drab blocks of flats.The rooms not up to international standards and bathrooms tiny.Hot water not 24 hours a day and lifts not reliable enough for the 25 floors.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	1	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>nomadAyrshire
<Content>unfortunate choice We arrived here from a stay in Australia and prior to that Singapore.Our travel agent (Trailfinder) had secured excellent accomodation in the rest of our trip.After checking in ,we were taken to our room and our cases deposited with us.We found the room to be smelling strongly of damp and other unidentifiable smells.The bedding apart from being damp resmbled world war 2 army issue.The carpets were badly stained and damp ,there was dirt in all the corners.For the first time in my life I found myself photographing filth conditions in any hotel I have stayed in.When I contacted the front desk their solution was to offer an air freshner ! After a struggle we were offered a room on a higher floor.This was marginally better and we had to accept this as we were only staying two nights.The following morning we asked for a taxi to be called,and were advised that it was the rush hour and we should have got up earlier!Overall I found the hotel to be all front and once you leave the public areas to be shoddy ,service was certainly not up to standard of any hotel of any grading.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	2	3	3	

<Author>UKJuniper
<Content>An excellent hotel We have just returned from a week stay at the City Garden Hotel, Hong Kong.The hotel offers an excellent service-courteous staff team and most helpful when services are required. A further bonus is the size of the rooms. We stayed in an executive room with 2 double beds. The room size is plainly best amongst Hong Kong hotels of same class. The location of the hotel is extremely convenient to get everywhere in Hong Kong as the MTR station is just a 5 minutes walking distance away from the hotel. The area where the hotel located is our favorite-other tourist areas such as Monk Kok, Central or Tsim Sha Tsui are too noisy and the air pollution are just terrible there.City Garden Hotel was the hotel that we had used in 2004 . We used another 2 different hotels in Hong Kong between2004 and 2007. Upon reflecting on our recent experience, we are impressed enough and would return to this hotel when we come back to Hong Kong again in future.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>ACChua
<Content>Pleasantly Surprised Booked the City Garden while searching the web for a reasonable hotel for our budget. Was pleasantly surprised with City Garden. Check-in was good. Since our arrival coincided with the Trade Fair, we were upgraded to a room in one of their premiere floors. There was the smell of smoke in the corridors though fortunately, this wasn't the case in the room itself. The room had a very modernist feel. The furnitures and decors were obviously newly refurbished. Needless to say, the room and bathroom were both very clean and came with the standard amenities. We also had complimentary internet access in the room which was an added bonus. The hotel also came equipped with a small gym which I used during my stay there. It came with the basic equipments you'd expect to find (i.e. weights, treadmill, bicycle, etc). Location-wise, the hotel is situated near the Fortress Hill station. It may be a bit far-off for those accustomed to staying in Causeway Bay, Tsim Sha Tsui or Central but Fortress Hill is by no means a suburb. It is a busy place, filled with its own array of shops and restaurants. The prices of the goods/eats here are actually cheaper than in the central districts.The hotel is also accessible to the airport as there is a bus stop situated just a block away. The bus goes all the way to the airport for just HKD40 - 50 if I am not mistaken.Overall, I was very satisfied with the hotel and would consider staying there again. However, I would recommend those booking this hotel to choose a room in their premier floors. I've heard (though I haven't seen) that their standard rooms are a bit old.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>SimonWise
<Content>City Garden? Have stayed at teh City Garden a couple of times now so I guess I'm a repeat customer which is indicative. As with all HK hotels, they are always busy because there's a watch / dentist / jewelry / proctologist conference in HK that weekend and all the hotels are full.... so City Garden had all the right things for me.... a bed and a bathroom. The first stay was in a exec room (not on the exec floor). It was big enough for two adults and a 4 yr old on the floor... we didn't order the 4 yr old, he was complementary. Bathroom is 'compact' but functional. All knobs and switches can be operated from the comfort of the well appointed toilet seat.Breakfast - always a good way to make up for any deficiencies a hotel may have. Well, it's very good and, if compared to some of the other hotels it competes against, pretty good value. If you have a 4 yr old (complementary or your own) the waiting staff will make an enourmous fuss of him. Those ladies will make a bee line and are very friendly. The location is OK I guess. Taxis are cheap so $30HK will get you into town or walk a few mins to the MTR.I took a look into the exec lounge - Not much to write home about but they did go out of their way to help when my room internet connection went down. Not sure I would pay out of my own money for teh nibbles and drinks on offer - the 7-11 adjacent supplies nibbles and bear at knock down prices. Not much around the hotel and it's in a chinese area of town if that doesn't sound too daft. Would stay again if on a business budget.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	2	4	3	

<Author>bonnie2978
<Content>Great Hotel. Best choice ever. The City Garden Hotel is a top notch hotel. I enjoyed my stay there. It is close to shopping areas, and the MTR, which brings you to great shopping areas and such. I loved my vacation to Hong Kong largely because I stayed at the City Garden hotel. The staff is incredibly helpful. I would recommend this hotel to any travellers to Hong Kong.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JeremySG
<Content>Great value Really excellent value family hotel. Not as smart as a five star (but perfectly smart and clean) but the prices are low and it is only a 10 minute (cheap) taxi ride to anywhere in the centre of Hong Kong. Breakfasts are great. The roof top pool is a bonus.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>LT1979
<Content>Fantastic service, good location - don't heistate to book! We stayed in the City Garden in Hong Kong on August 16th for three nights. The taxi from the airport took about 10 minutes, it is true to say that when you arrive you think 'this is a bit out of the way' in terms of the surrounding area. However, once you got into reception it was all different. The service was fantastic, friendly and we received an upgrade without even asking! The rooms are nice, although try to get one with good view.Throughout our stay we peppered the staff with various questions as to how to get places or where to go, they were always more than helpful. The metro is a 5 minute walk away, there is a swimming pool and small fitness area. Altogether, a very good start to our hoiday.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>spannahxxx
<Content>great holiday After reading the previous reviews regarding the rooms we was a little worried about the state of the rooms and their smell. When we arrived we were automatically upgraded to a room on the higher level rooms, with the explaination that the roomwasn't ready. The room was fine, it did have a slight musty smell but nothing that couldn't be lived with for the time we were there. The rooms were clean and a maids cleaned the room everyday. The staff are polite and also willing to help with directions or travel arragements. Most of the staff speak English. We only ate breakfast in the hotel, which was sufficent. The bar downstairs was a fun nightcap to our evenings and the ladies singing made the hubby smile.The hotel is situated in a more residential area of hong kong but the transport links are excellent, and coming from London we are used to traveling on tubes and in cities. The tram also stops about a minute away from the hotel. All in all a really nice, friendly stay.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	3	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>sushib
<Content>value for the price Stayed two nights from 8/24 to 8/26 in 2007. We didn't want to spend too much so after much research city garden is one of the least expensive among 3 stars hotels in hong kong island.We booked a luxury room but got upgraded to an executive room on the 22th floor, which is quite decent.Room is nice. What you expect for a 3 star hotel. We even went for the swimming pool (on the 2nd floor) one day around 6 pm and it was actaully relaxing because not that many people around so at the end we got the whole pool for ourselves.The location is nice. it's about 5~8 min walk to the subway station. from there you can pretty much connect to all the major shopping and commercial areas. If you just want a decent place to stay in HK and not expecting too much and if you can get find a good deal there I think it is the right place to stay.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>Annice
<Content>A great base for exploring Hong Kong City Garden is a modern hotel in an excellent location for exploring Hong Kong (near to the v efficient MTR). The room was clean and comfortable and the staff helpful. The breakfast and bars are v expensive, so I wouldn't recomment them. The pool area isn't great, but we didn't have time to swim - there were so many other things to see and do.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Chris_NYorks
<Content>Friendly Service. Just back from 3 days in Hong Kong, our first visit, 2 parents and 3 adult children, booked through Trailfinders. Lots of positives about the Ciy Garden Hotel although we really only slept there.When we arrived at the Airport late at night I went to the nearest limo desk to ask for a transfer, the helpful girl (all HK staff we met were helpful) suggested we go to City Gardens own desk at the airport for advice, about 50m from the arrivals exit. There he explained all the options for transfer, the speed and cost of each one, when we opted to use Airport Express he explained where to buy the tickets to get the discount for buying 5 at once.At the Hotel as others have said, very friendly and helpful staff, fast check in, during the stay dealt with our only problem immediately. 6.00 pm checkout an unexpected bonus as we were flying late at night and when we checked out at 6.00 pm and asked for 2 taxis back to Airport Express station they suggested we go on their free shuttle instead which was about to leave for the station.We bought their buffet breakfast as it was good value, high quality, and excellent service, but otherwise didn't use their restaurants as we were out all day. Local supermarket if needed.We were put on the 16th floor, I've no experience of other HK hotels but it does seem that space is at a premium in HK so I would say the rooms were fine for space. It was a bit of a squeeze to get 2 single beds and a rollup in the childrens room but plenty of room around our double bed. Shower over bath rather that separate. Clean and very attentive housekeeping.It is located in North Point area on Hong Kong Island, away from absolute centre of activity in Central, but very close to Fortress Hill MTR, tram and on main bus routes. As the public transport system is so efficient, easy to use (I recommend an Octopus card) and air conditioned, location is not a problem unless you particularly wanted to walk and only visit one part of the city. It was so hot and humid in July that we often dived for the MTR or a bus just to cool off and to travel a distance that we would have normally walked.I would recommend City Garden Hotel to others.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LynnyC
<Content>We loved it! We loved our stay at the City Garden.The location was good,we were upgraded to an Exectutive class of room which was lovely.The breakfasts were great.Staff were really friendly.Would recommend .  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>calvin_7
<Content>Service good, close to metro There's a big difference between the type of rooms the hotel offers. I had the Superior Room for the first few days, it's dark and outdated. It's on floors 2-7.I upgraded to the Executive Club Room, brighter and much more comfortable. There are smoking and non-smoking floors. The restaurants in the hotel iare great. Nice buffet in the cafe. Food and service in the Chinese restaurant are very good. Great service overall.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	5	4	

<Author>Manus1
<Content>Excellent This hotel is very convienent to the Fortress Hill metro station andwe really enjoyed our stay here. The buffet breakfast was excellent with a huge choice of foods to choose from.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2007
<Rating>5	3	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Donnabubble
<Content>Hong Kong or bust!!!! On arrival at the City Garden I did think Oh Dear.....But once inside the reception area was pretty neat. The staff were friendly and gave us a room upgrade which was cool. The room was small and compact but clean and cosy. The Garden Cafe was excellent, couldnt fault the food or even the price. Location is not to bad, MTR is around the corner and at the cost of HK$ 5 (about 30p in sterling) for a single journey you cant really complain.Would recommend this hotel to people.  
<Date>May 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Aliup
<Content>Good value We got a good deal to stay here through Cathay Pacific Holidays. Upon checking in, we were delighted to be told that we had been upgraded to an executive club floor room. Thinking it was our lucky day and having stayed at similarly named rooms at deluxe hotels, we had high expectations, however it was really just a room and there was no fancy club lounge or extra benefits. At first glance the room looked nice and modern, however upon closer examination you could tell it was a bit of a show. Nothing terrible, although the bathroom in particular was small and not very practical. We also had a problem with the shower not draining properly and having to spend half the time ankle deep in water! However we chose to put up with this and not report it to the hotel. Despite the above, the room was adequate and it was not a bad choice for the price we paid (AUD 122 per night). Our package included free internet (always handy) and buffet breakfast which provided a lot of variety although the food was not all edible. Service was reasonable and we had a smooth check out.The area is quieter than others and is mainly residential however there are plenty of small shops nearby, a decent supermarket and it is handy to reach by MTR or bus. In particular the airport bus (approx. HKD 40) stops right outside the hotel.I would recommend this hotel if you can get it for a reasonable price and don't mind staying away from the heart of the action. It is not a luxurious hotel (although it tries to be!) and is nothing to write home about, but all the essentials are there.  
<Date>May 11, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>possumUSA
<Content>8th floor rooms are horrible Room was dark with deep brown color old furnitures, view was horrible too when opened the curtain. And then water from shower.....was so thinnn (dribbling) even i tried to turn both hot  cold water taps to the maximum ! I requested for changing room but was turned down, and a plumber was sent (i didnt think he's a plumber, as i noticed he did exactly what i did before ! and didnt bring along tools with him). i finally complained to the manager direct and after lots of hassles then they finally decided to change to another room ! This is ridiculous.I wont stay in this hotel anymore.  
<Date>May 6, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>Johnjo42
<Content>Great value and very confortable Having spent a great deal of time researching hotels on Trip Advisor the City Garden was recommended to us by Trailfinders. My initial comment was to ask why the quoted price was so cheap especially this included a late check out. They said that it was because of the location but that they had many satisfied clients and their staff stayed in the hotel themselves.After reading some of the negative comments on this site we decided to pay extra for an Executive Room but even this was far cheaper than other hotels of similar quality. On arriving at about 5.00 on a Saturday afternoon after a superb limousine transfer we were given a friendly welcome and told we were being upgraded to an Executive Club Floor room (the terms are a bit confusing) on the 17th Floor. The room was spacious even by Hong Kong standards, well equipped and spotlessly clean.We did meet one couple who had originally been given a room on the 7th Floor which was shabby and dirty and hadn鈥檛 been prepared properly but they were given a different room when they complained so they still have some way to go with their renovations.We only had breakfast in the hotel once and although it鈥檚 more expensive than in a cafe it鈥檚 cheaper than you鈥檇 pay in a similar quality UK hotel (especially with the strong pound) and the quality and choice was excellent. So too was the buffet dinner. The bar is expensive compared with pub prices but you expect that. It has a reasonable atmosphere with a good resident band.The outdoor pool looked nice although we didn鈥檛 use it because it was raining for two days of our visit.You can get to just about anywhere from the Kings Road including buses direct to Stanley Market and to Aberdeen. The MTR station is 5 minutes walk from the hotel. Causeway Bay is 2 stops and Admiralty (for Kowloon side) is 4. So once you are at an MTR station in the centre you鈥檙e back in the hotel in 20 minutes or so.Being outside the main tourist area was a plus for us as it gave us a chance to meet local people as once you get out of the hotel you see very few Westerners and other tourists. The hotel is in a bustling area with loads of local shops and restaurants. There are two good restaurants in the City Gardens square itself immediately opposite the hotel and other good restaurants within a 15 minute walk of the hotel along Kings Road or Electric Road. Almost all the other customers were local and the signs are nearly all in Chinese but there鈥檚 usually a menu in English. We had a great meal at the Hakkamen Restaurant at 310 Kings Road (turn left and it鈥檚 on the far side of the road) which was recommended to us by a local resident. Although the manager didn鈥檛 speak English we were helped to choose by another customer. Don鈥檛 order too many dishes though as the portions are enormous.For a more snack type menu Maxims on Electric Road is unbeatable (turn right on same side of the road as hotel and walk for about 300 yards). It鈥檚 a fast food place but serves proper meals of excellent quality and incredible value. We would certainly stay at the City Garden again  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Fitzcaraldo
<Content>A good choice We wanted a hotel close to our relations' flat, so this was one of the closest hotels, geographically speaking. The location in fact proved to be very good - easy access to the tram stop, and the MTR station was only a hundred yards further on. There were always a few taxis outside the hotel if you needed to get anywhere in a hurry, and equally, coming back from Victoria City (or Central as it is colloquially known) is quick and easy by taxi, or MTR. (Buy an Octopus Card (prepayment) for all public transport except taxis)Unlike other hotels, there is no direct link to the airport in town check in - so you'll probably need a taxi. There is a hotel courtesy bus with a timetable, but it is unlikely that it will go where you want to go when you want to go.There are loads of small shops around, including Seven Eleven and Watsons where you can easily pick up the essentials - especially to avoid using the overpriced in-room mini bar.The reception / lobby area looks absolutely fine. Staff are friendly and ok, but if you use a UK credit card be careful whether you accept the charge in HKD or sterling. (I think you get a better rate taking the charge in HKD). We went to look at the swimming pool (outside on the second level) and the fitness club. Both were good, but we didn't have time to use them. The hotel restaurant is quite expensive, but the evening buffet was good value. (Discount for residents) The morning breakfast buffet was also plentiful, but, in my view, overpriced. Amusingly, the staff are so keen to keep the plates tidy that they virtually wrestle the cereal bowl away from you in order to create place for the next course!You might want to check the state of the fish tank outside the smarter restaurant. Some of the fish looked dead bored.We wanted two rooms, for mum and dad and for the two teenage children. We put in a special request for adjoining rooms, but we got rooms that were 3 doors apart, which was fine. Our room at the end of the corridor was very generous in size, the children's room was a little smaller, but sufficent space for two people plus luggage. We were there for a week and it was ok. The housekeeping was excellent, beds and bathroom were clean. Tea and coffee are provided in the room, but only small cups. We brewed up in the tooth mugs!We had read from some folk that the decorations were showing their age and the carpets were dirty. On our floor, this was certainly true - but I understand that they are slowly refurbishing all rooms. We inspected the carpet and it was dirtier than we would have liked, but not enough to really fuss about. I think we got good value for money for the rooms. They made their profit from us on the breakfast - if you don't speak or read Cantonese getting an alternative breakfast locally could be a gastronomic lottery so there is not much choice.We hope to visit Hong Kong again in the future and would gladly stay there again. BTW - there is no need use Hong Kong, China as the identifier. This is not China, it is Hong Kong!  
<Date>Jan 25, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SingFT
<Content>Loved the quiet location Stayed with my family at the hotel for 6 nites. Assistant manager on duty was very prompt in answering my request to change to another room as the one allocated was not very clean. Staff at front desk and in housekeeping department were helpful and basically effective in their service. Loved the location of the hotel as it is very near the MTR train station and there are many eating places and shops just a street or two away. There are a few 7-11 stores just next to the hotel but things are cheaper and can be bought from the local supermarts namely Welcome and Park N Shop. If you love a quiet and simple hotel with a garden view, this is the one for you.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	2	3	4	-1	

<Author>travelbuggedtony
<Content>A smooth pleasent stay       Hotel entrance  
<Date>Dec 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>BrotherSmith
<Content>I would definitely stay here again. An excellent hotel in a superb location. Summary:I would definitely stay here again. An excellent hotel in a superb location.When and why we stayed:Stayed for two nights in November 2006 during a Highlights of China tour.Cost:The hotel was included in the overall cost of our holiday.Room:Our room on the 18th floor was clean and well furnished with new modern furniture. The large double bed was comfortable. Facilities included TV; tea  coffee making facilities; hair dryer; and an expensive Mini Bar 鈥?the 7-Eleven just outside the hotel鈥檚 main door is much cheaper for beer, water, and snacks. The bathroom was clean, with shower gel; shampoo; tooth brushes etc provided free-of-charge. Two bottles of complimentary water were left for us each day The Hotel: The City Garden Hotel is a plush, modern, tower block hotel. Service was very good. We didn鈥檛 use any of the hotel鈥檚 restaurants. We had breakfast in the nearby Starbuck鈥檚 (beneath the AIA Tower). There is an Admiral鈥檚 Bar in the Basement. The Business Centre is on the 25th floor, where 30 minutes internet use cost HK$30. Location: The City Garden is located in the locals area of Fortress Hill. It is close to the tram stop in King鈥檚 Road. Fortress Hill MTR subway station is 5 minutes walk from the hotel and a five stops and HK$5 MTR ride away from Central. There are Numerous local restaurants and shops nearby. There is a small locals market around the corner in Electric Road.The city:Hong Kong is brilliant - super-exciting - oodles to see and do 鈥?Las Vegas without the gambling (I didn鈥檛 have time to visit Macau). Make sure you do all the touristy things: a ride on the Star Ferry - HK$2.20 for one of the world鈥檚 great public transport journeys; the tram to The Peak for stunning views of Victoria Harbour; afternoon tea at the very-posh Peninsula Hotel; and watch Hong Kong鈥檚 skyscrapers illuminated by the daily 8PM light and sound show - the best vantage point is from the Avenue of Stars on Kowloon. The recently-opened Ngong Ping 360 cable car ride is definitely worth making the journey out to Lantau Island for.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>BasildonJohn
<Content>An excellent 3 star hotel I booked this htoel because it appeared on our Travel Agent's list for Hong Kong and appeared to be good value for money. I assumed that Trailfinders would have done a good job of checking it out, but a few days before arriving I looked at some of the reviews on this site and wondered if we had done the right thing.We flew into Hong Kong overnight from Auckland. We left our suitcases at the airport but decided to make our way to the hotel to leave our hand luggage there. We went to the nearby Fortress Hill station (MTS) and the hotel was on the map at the station exit and less than 5 minutes walk away. This seems to be an area where Hong Kong people live and shop - it is not a tourist area although the trams run to this district too.At 07.15 the hotel didn't have a room for us but said they could have one ready in an hour; they suggested that we waited in the Garden Cafe and gave us some vouchers towards the cost of refreshments. The concierge staff were very helpful in advising us on what time to leave the next morning in order to catch our 08.15 flight to London.The Trailfinders deal involved an executive grade room (executive rooms are on the 13th floor and above) The non-smoking room was clean fresh and almost spotless...just a couple of minor marks on the carpet. But not much of a view - unless you like looking at a tower block of flats in the pouring rain.We went shopping (if you want a suit I recommend George at Shayne tailors Chatham Road South, Kowloon - entrance in Mody Road; both the shop and the owner are small but he is courteous, honest and gives good value) We also visited the Cultural Centre and Art Centre in Salisbury Road near the Star Ferry - again good value and free and clean toilets!Back to the hotel for our evening meal. We decided to try the buffet in the Garden Cafe and were really impressed by the range and quality of the food and the way that it was presented. The cafe was busy; europeans were in the minority. We were both impressed - my wife uttering 'exquisite' after tasting one dish......praise indeed.And so to bed for a 4.30 am call and a 5.10 am departure. No noise from adjacent rooms or any other problems. The wake up call and airport bus were both on time and key staff were on duty.Our experience was of a three star hotel with attentive and conscientious staff doing an excellent job.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cacaj
<Content>Floors may be the key We stayed in this hotel for two nights in October 2006 as part of a tour package. Given the previous reviews we had low expectations but it was clean and comfortable. We did not eat in the hotel. The tour guide did say we had been up graded to the 13th floor so I wonder if the key to the differences between the previous reviews is which floor you stay on? However when the lift doors opened at various floors they all looked well decorated and clean. The distance from Central/Kowloon did not bother us as both trams and MTR are very close by.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>TheDoctorG
<Content>Better than expected. After reading the reviews here, we were concerned about our 4 night break here as a base for sight-seeing but we needn't have worried. We booked with Trailfinders who were excellent and we got a higher floor with a modern looking room and only a slight musty smell (as can be expected due to the climate outside). The Garden Cafe restaurant offers a good choice of food at average prices and breakfast was more than fine.Granted you can probably get a hotel nearer the main Central section of HK Island but it was nice being around locals and the MTR system is clean, quick  cheap (nearest stop Fortress Hill 5 mins walk away) so we could get anywhere we wanted. Would recommend a day out on Lantau Island (but avoid Disneyland!) and a night out at Lan Kwai Fong and you must do the night Star Ferry over to TST/Kowloon. An amazing city and a decent hotel to match.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>sophiegray
<Content>don't stay in this hotel! if you're going to hk for shopping, then definitely stay in causeway bay or tsimshatsui. there were very few malls/department stores and restaurants around this hotel. the rooms were dirty. since i had been allergic to dust mites, i know it immediately if a place is dirty or not. aside frm that, my brother and i also felt itchy! i definitely won't recommend this hotel. this is the worst of the worst!  
<Date>Jun 13, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Rooms............ Arrived about 22.30 from London, reception and booking in very good and quick.Room on the 8th floor, dirty, damp and bathroom smelt strongly of urine. It was very late and we were tired. Beds were damp as were the carpets, which did not help the smell.As we were out of the hotel all of the following day, we did not mention the room to staff until we got back in the evening. I was shown another room on the 9th floor not as bad as the 8th floor still not great but better and no smell in the bathroom ( took the bleach I had bought, just in case) and beds were not as damp. There were no questions asked, just instant offer of another room. As we were only there for 3 nights we accepted it. Hotel in good location and we understand from a 'honeymoon' couple they had a room near the top of the hotel and were very pleased with it.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2006
<Rating>2	3	1	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Damp, dirty rooms! I stayed here with three friends. The rooms were very tired and quite dirty and the whole floor (9th) smelt damp. My two friends had numerous bites in the moring from bed bugs. Although the location is great, I would not stay here again.  
<Date>May 26, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>hywel
<Content>Good Hotel for a stopover The staff are really friendly and the rooms are a good sixe and have all your really need. It is in a good location close to the MTR, several bus stops and a tram stop!The rooms do need a little updating, but it is good value and we didn't really spend much of our three days in our room or the hotel.If you are looking for luxury or a pampering time then look elsewhere, but as a base for sightseeing this fits the bill.  
<Date>May 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>starfish222
<Content>Good view, good services, so-so room I stayed here for 5 nights as my usual Kowloon location was fully booked due to April trade shows, but it gave me a chance to see this very old part of Hong Kong that was new to me.The hotel is located a few blocks east of Victoria Park, and off the right edge of the usual Hong Kong tourist map, as is the nearest MTR station, Fortress Hill. The hotel has a free scheduled shuttle service to Central (Star Ferries), with stops in between such as the Times Square shopping centre. Cabs to Central cost me $5US (no traffic) and $15 US (rush hour).Good business centre, with snacks, though no Firefox, just IE, with internet for about $8US/hour. Room service good, though, and not outrageou$.Tea and coffee offered in room, good AC and view (11th floor) of park in courtyard, room average but comfy. There's a 7-11 across and down the block for water and snacks. Breakfast buffet particularly fine, and part of package booked through Goway/Tour East with city tour and airport transfers. Allow extra time to airport. (Join city tours at Excelsior Hotel -- 5 minute cab ride.)  
<Date>May 12, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Lankyswan
<Content>Good value Used this hotel as a three night stop over on our way to Auz. We arrived jet lagged at 0900hrs there was no problem in getting a room straight away. The staff were excellent and the room covered all bases, in a non touristy area which we liked , great local restaurants, very close to MTR. The decor in the room was a little tired as was some of the furniture and will soon need updating. The breakfast was also slightly on the expensive side, but there are plenty of alternatives nearby.We found this hotel good value and would stay there again.Booked through Trailfinders ( UK)  
<Date>May 9, 2006
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Alidkit
<Content>Great Hotel + Great Value Stayed here for just a few days on way back from Australia. Thought the staff were lovely and the accommodation was very clean and not too small as it was only something like 鈧?0 per night. Foyer is lovely and food is fine. It was located just on the edge of the touristy area but clos also to the beaten track so to speak - it is right beside where locals shop, eat etc so you could really find the bargains. Would return here tomorrow if I had the time.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Convenient location but filthy rooms I stayed at the City Garden Hotel for almost 3 weeks in November, 2005. The hotel is only a few minutes walk from the MTR submway and there are plenty of restaurants, supermarkets and drug stores near by. The hotel staff were helpful and pleasant. However, the room I stayed in was simply filthy. The bathroom smelled like sawage despite multiple cleaning and bleaching. It was explained to me that this was due to the old plumbing system of the hotel building and there was nothing they could do about it. I tried to change to another room, but they all smelled the same. I also suffered from bites by bed bugs. When I reported the problem, they quickly changed all the beddings and shampooed the carpet. The bed bug problem went away, but the carpet was still very dirty. All-in-all, in my opinion, this hotel needs to be overhauled to keep it's 3-stars rating.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would stay here again   showReview(4136225, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 22, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ram61
<Content>Had to upgrade   showReview(4003659, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 10, 2005
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Loody
<Content>Very very good value!   showReview(3788877, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Nice Indeed.   showReview(3632995, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Carolw
<Content>City Garden needs updating!   showReview(3429096, 'full');   
<Date>May 1, 2005
<Rating>2	4	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>steveandruth
<Content>Really, really bad Hotel   showReview(3338759, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 6, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Newly renovated hotel?   showReview(2864936, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 6, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>GabriellaLondon
<Content>Great location and value   showReview(2855173, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not the best   showReview(2782096, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 24, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>elisasolohayuna
<Content>Not a 4 star hotel   showReview(2622358, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 6, 2004
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>銇嗐仼銈?> 銇嗐仼銈?</a> </div>
<Content>鍊ゆ銇壊銇壇銇?#x201d;   showReview(23149500, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇濄亾銇濄亾   showReview(21744448, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Preis Leistungs Verh盲ltnis - (Fast) Gesamtrenoviert   showReview(19641859, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇婂緱銇с仚锛?#x201d;   showReview(19172437, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绲愭銆佷究鍒┿仾銉涖儐銉仹銇?#x201d;   showReview(19172317, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇俱亗銇俱亗銇儧銉嗐儷銇с仚   showReview(19172316, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ist ok   showReview(17435645, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈广偪銉冦儠銇蹇溿亴鈼?#x201d;   showReview(19171937, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>angenehmes Hotel in Hong Kong   showReview(17435636, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon h么tel   showReview(17435634, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瀛愰€ｃ倢銇с倐銈嗐仯銇忋倞閬庛仈銇涖伨銇椼仧   showReview(19171509, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>蹇滃銇棆銆佽ō鍌欍伅锛?#x201d;   showReview(19170830, 'full');   
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鐩殑銇棣仹銇椼仧銆?#x201d;   showReview(19170740, 'full');   
<Date>May 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍙倐銇亸涓嶅彲銈傘仾銇?#x201d;   showReview(19170727, 'full');   
<Date>May 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇撱伄渚℃牸銇с亾銇亰閮ㄥ眿锛侊紒   showReview(19169357, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>閮ㄥ眿銇逗楹椼仹銇欍亴闃查煶銇偆銉炪偆銉?#x201d;   showReview(19168875, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瀹夈亸銇︿氦閫氥伄渚裤亴銇勩亜銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(19168327, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ich komme wieder   showReview(13202550, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gutes Preis-Leistungs Verh盲ltnis; mein Stammhotel in Hong Kong   showReview(11315187, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鎰忓銇ㄨ壇銇勩仹銇欍€?#x201d;   showReview(19164083, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 12, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍙倐銇亸涓嶅彲銈傘仾銇?#x201d;   showReview(19163018, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈枫儐銈ｃ偓銉笺儑銉炽儧銉嗐儷   showReview(19160922, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 28, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>寰屽懗鑹仐锛侊紒銆€銉涖儐銉伅銆佹銈傘亾銇撱伀銇欍倠銆?#x201d;   showReview(19159795, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈堛亜鎬濄亜鍑恒伅鐒°仐   showReview(19157520, 'full');   
<Date>May 6, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	1	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈偗銉嗐偅銉栨淳銇?#x201d;   showReview(19156989, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 13, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈儶銉炽儶銉嶃偣銇洠銇傘倞銇с仚銆?#x201d;   showReview(19156081, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 10, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	-1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈儯銉炽儦銉笺兂鍒╃敤   showReview(19930228, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 26, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>浣撻〒璜?#x201d;   showReview(19929842, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏍煎畨銉勩偄銉笺伄鍒╃敤銇屽...   showReview(19929120, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 5, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍊ゆ銇仚銇斻亸銉兗銈恒儕...   showReview(19928609, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 8, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈儍銉椼儷銇т簣绱勩仐锛戞硦...   showReview(19928511, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 4, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍒濄倎銇︺伄娴峰鏃呰銆併仾...   showReview(19928186, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 21, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>澶с亶銇湅鏉裤伄闁撱倰銉堛儵...   showReview(19925182, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 15, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏍煎畨銉勩偄銉笺仹鍒╃敤銇椼伨...   showReview(19924611, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 28, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍒濄倎銇︺伄棣欐腐銇ф硦銇俱倞...   showReview(19923602, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 19, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍦颁笅閴勭偖鍙板北锛堛儠銈┿兗...   showReview(19923474, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 12, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏀硅銇屾笀銈撱仩寰屻仾銇仹...   showReview(19922958, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 18, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇勩仱銈傘伅MTR銇銇?..   showReview(19921730, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 27, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇撱伄銉涖儐銉伅鍊ゆ銇屾牸...   showReview(19921277, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 14, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鈽呫儎銈兗銇у娉娿仐銇俱仐...   showReview(19917271, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 21, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

