<Author>COresident
<Content>Great service - bad location I stayed at the Villa Ixora in late October and got great rates due to the low season. In fact, I was the only one staying at the Villa while I was there.I stayed in a one-bedroom villa. It was very nicely furnished and immaculate. I was not crazy about the 1/2 outdoor bathroom, but that's more of a Bali thing than a Villa Ixora thing. Lots of mosquitos at night when you turn the light on.The service team is super friendly and very helpful. The pool is nice, but small, but not a problem when I was there as I had it to myself. The location was not great. It's about a 10-minute walk to the beach and it's not a beach you would want to swim at. And I agree that it's definitely a male prostitute pick up area. You really couldn't walk anywhere from the villa, so if that's a priority for you, I wouldn't recommend staying here. And if you just hang out by the pool all day, you could really be anywhere.So although the service was awesome and the facilities nice, I wouldn't recommend this place based solely on the location. But if hanging by a pool all day works for you, this might be the perfect place - especially for the price.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	1	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Remi_Singap
<Content>Fantastic ! Stayed 4D3N at Ixora in Oct 2007. Price is USD60 for king bedroom, all taxes included and bkfast + airport transfer. The hotel comprises detached villa for rental + 2 storeys bungalows (1 room/floor). Our room was like new, wooden floor and furniture, open-air bathroom (shower only) - ask for 1st floor for balcony. Staff super friendly, nice and chatty German owner.Only concern was location, a bit remote from downtown Seminyak but hotel drives guest anywhere in tow and taxi to return is 3 SGD only (5mins).Fantastic choice for those who don't like boring 5* resorts.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Eelio
<Content>Extremely friendly place We stayed in the two-bedroom villa at Ixora and found the place to be comfortable, perfectly maintained and relaxing.The staff were as friendly as you'd find anywhere, and the German owner was always accommodating and friendly - giving us an itinerary and booking a driver for a day trip, as well as offering us a lift into town whenever we wanted.Some people on tripadvisor have stated how the villas are 'out in the sticks', which seems a little churlish as transport is dirt cheap and you're really not far from anything. If clubbing in Legian is your thing then, fair enough, this may not be what you're after - but if you're after a relaxing holiday where you can take in the island at your own pace, you could do much worse than stay here.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>StephanieLB
<Content>A great place ! The Villa Ixora has a very good and quiet location. You can walk to the beach which is not really suitable to swim but nice to walk along. It is also very easy and very close to go to Seminyak to enjoy shopping, good restaurants (such as the italian Trattoria - simple but delicious and always crowded).We have rented the private villa with 2 bedrooms and private swimming pool on July 2007 with our 2 children (6 and 8 years). We loved the decoration which is a mix between balinese and design. The living room and the dining room are outside as well as the 2 big bathrooms. The swimming pool is long enough to swim. There is also a balinese pavillon (bal脙漏) outside where you can get massages.The breakfast is delicious. Every day we ordered our lunch who was served at the villa. Food is very good. You can get balinese and european disches especially german cooking, the owner is german. The personal is very friendly and helpfull.We stayed there only 3 nights which was according to us too short. One week would have been better. We will for sure book Villa Ixora again !  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Desiree8
<Content>Wonderful Introduction to Bali My family and I stayed at Villa Ixora for seven nights in early June 2007. This was our very first trip to Bali and I must say that we were thoroughly impressed with the hospitality we received. The level of service from the staff members was always of a high standard. Titin (the villa manager) and BangBang (the driver) were always happy to assist us. Helmut (the owner) was quick to respond to my initial booking enquiry and, likewise, to any enquiries we had during our stay.The accommodation is very clean, the grounds are well kept and the swimming pool was clean and inviting. The breakfasts and afternoon teas were always amazing. We were spoilt with the freshly baked croissants, pastries, cakes and breads. On occasion we even had lunch on the premises and found the food to always be of high quality.Our children, 6 and 1.5yrs had a wonderful time. The staff were always happy to entertain them. They even befriended one of the staff member's little boys.It's definitely a place I would recommend to young families.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tknorr
<Content>relaxing holidays This place is ideal for people who are looking for Calmness and Relaxation. We booked the older from the two available Villas for 10 days in this nice and quite Resort. The building is located in a lush garden, furnished in Balinese style with own swimming pool. Everything is very clean and comfortable. The staff is friendly, helpful, chary and discreet. You must enjoy the homemade food 鈥?the best we ever had.You can book easily sightseeing tours or rent a car direct at the hotel. The German owner has various and helpful insider tips. It takes 10 minutes walking to the centre of Legian and the beach, Kuta with amazing Nightlife is 15 minutes by Taxi (appr. 2 USD). Overall we can recommend this hotel invariably. We will come back 鈥?for sure!  
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dkuta
<Content>Relaxing and exciting We knew about Ixora from Tripadvisor.We stayed there one week over New Year.We needed 4 double rooms for 8 adults and booked a two bedroom villa and two 1 bedroom units.Making the reservation I heard that they were building a second two bedroom villa, but were not sure it would be finished in time. It was finished and we were the second guests.The other villa is very nice with beautiful Indonesian furniture, very modern bathrooms partly open airand all other facilities you expect plus a private pool. The new one however is stunning.The owners have combined very succesfully old and new. An old teak structure with marvellous carvings, an old Joglo with Joglo roof, open air rain shower bathrooms with sunken bath, contemporary furniture combined with modern lighting, stainlees steel accessories, modern outdoor kitchen, a large oudoor livingterrace and pool deck and a large infinity pool just next to one of the bedrooms.The service, beds and covers, amminities, towels, staff friendliness, breakfast and the food was just very good.We were living in a quiet oasis, tropical garden and hardly felt the other guests.However it is just a stroll from beach and more importantly the in places in Seminyak and Legian. If you like to walk go to Living Room, Hu'u Restaurant and Bar,The Legian, Ku De Ta and many other places by foot in about 10-20 minutes.We are intending to book again with a larger group of 18 people to celebrate my birthday. They can accomodatein all units up to 20 guests in double rooms.This is an ideal place for a group of friends or larger family reunion, small wedding or similar events.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>yyc2bze2hkg
<Content>Out in the sticks! Booked in at the Villa Ixora after reading the rave reviews from this website... While I do admit the hotel and rooms are nice enough (nothing that special for Bali though!), the location of the hotel is terrible. They claim to be '5 minutes from the beach, 5 minutes from KuDeTa and 10 minutes from the Seminyak shopping area'. Maybe if you are mario andreti and have a really fast car! It takes at least 10 min just to DRIVE to KuDeTa and about a 20 min walk through on a really weird path to get the the beach. And the beach in that area must be a gay beach of somekind because there were naked men (including old fat german guys with young balinese boys) all over the beach! Also very expensive hotel for the crap location. Had a much nicer stay once we moved to the Sari Beach Inn, right on the beach on Legian for only 360,000r!  
<Date>Nov 24, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	1	3	2	4	1	

<Author>qwertyHound
<Content>Wonderful place!       Villa Ixora pool taken from breakfast area  
<Date>Nov 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>xyx
<Content>Perfect getaway During our stay in Jakarta for several years, we have been to Bali many times, however this was our first time to stay in Villa Ixora. As family members from Europe were coming over to spend a few days with us in Bali, we were really looking for a nice relaxing place, where we could all stay together in one villa. Villa Ixora was the right place for us: the villa we stayed in (which has its own swimming pool) was very spacious and clean and it looked very beautiful with a mix of Balinese/modern architecture and decorations. We also really enjoyed the quiet and fresh atmosphere surrounding the place; it was great to be able to sit outside till late at night just chatting (and catching up with our family), something we hardly ever do in Jakarta! Also, the breakfast served in the mornings was perfect.We didn't make too many trips during our stay, but as for the few we made, Villa Ixora had made the arrangements for our transportation, which we found very convenient. Basically if you needed anything, you could always approach the owners or staff members; they were very helpful at all times. Overall our compliments for the hospitality of Helmut, Julia and the rest of the staff. They really made our stay very pleasant! If you're looking for a nice, quiet place, on a walking distance or just a short taxi drive away from shops and restaurants, where you can enjoy reading books, spending time with family and just get away from the stress of the big city, Villa Ixora is the perfect getaway!  
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>illeken
<Content>A lovely, cozy, friendly, beautiful resort in Bali We had lived many years in Singapore and visited Bali many times. Mostly we stayed in 5 or 4 Star hotels.This time a friend from Italy recommended Villa Ixora in Seminyak.We arrived in the evening in the airport and were received by a friendly lady staff from Villa Ixora. A short trip with one of the comfortable cars brought us in 25 minutes to the resort.It was dark but we could already see all the green trees, plants and flowers all iluminated with a lot of lamps. Not bright but light enough and it gave us a cozy feeling.Our room was surprisingly large, bigger than in many of the hotels we had visited before, with nice furniture, decorated with love, welcome flowers and having all facilities you need such as international TV, Mini Bar, small pantry and a very nice and clean bathroom with really white towels and not gray as experienced often before.The next morning we had a sumptious breakfast with all sort of home made breads, cold cuts, eggs in all styles, fruits and juices and more in the gazebo next to one of the pools.The owners were always there for us for planning a trip, shopping tips, restaurant tips from economical to luxurious and from meat to fish to Inodonesian dishes.We ha a very relaxing time and very often didn't go out for dinner but we choose from their menu or ordered some special food in the morning fish, prawns, lobster or other indonesian dishes such as Soto Ayam, Rendang, steamed fish chinese style or others.The staff is friendly, polite and always helpful.The beach is only a short stroll from the resort and the water is much cleaner than in Kuta. The beach is not crowded and one can walk hours along the sea.We will visit Bali next year again and will bring some friends and book one of their lovely villas with private pool and all other facilties to make a relaxing holiday really relaxing.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>AGNESJUDY
<Content>Eat the bread and dunk the uncle Five of us went for a four day break to Bali and a friend recommended Villa Ixora as our launching pad during the stay. The hotel jeep drove us past paddy-fields and through the fleeting blessings of numerous water temples along the way. When we arrived, Villa Ixora, with its contrast of Balinese architecture and clean, modern interiors, amid a colorful landscaped garden, set the right mood for a great holiday.The owners, Helmut and Julia, showed us to our large bungalow with two bedrooms and two bathrooms, and a kitchen large enough to dance in. Loud screams woke me up next morning and I muttered to my husband, 鈥淔ine resort, this is.鈥?But it was my daughter, Alexandra, normally in need of resuscitation aid at an international level (try European dad and Asian mum) in the morning, but now already at the pool playing dunking with my brother, John. Later, we sat at the open thatched-roof pavilion by the pool, for an elaborate buffet and cooked breakfast with home baked (!) German and other tasty types of bread. Ever obliging, Julia took us downtown several times, even bringing us three girls - where else (?) 鈥?shopping (!!). The guys tagged along but found a cool beer more enticing than batik and handicraft. Coming home was simple and fast with cheap taxi rides 鈥?though we had to watch the zeroes in the rupiahs 鈥?so confusing to deal in millions! If only it were for real. They arranged a tour for us to Ubud and the surroundings, after instructing the driver where to bring us for sightseeing and lunch. The Ubud trip was a great experience with its breathtaking mountain views along the way and the unique Antonio Blanco museum 鈥?a huge bungalow and sprawling grounds all dedicated to the art of the Spanish artist.Too tired and lazy to go out some nights, we watched cable TV in the room, swam in the pool or surrendered to a Balinese massage, and ate at the pavilion where the menu was good and inexpensive 鈥?often cooked by Helmut himself. We volunteered as guinea pigs for Julia (though you can safely leave out the 鈥榞uinea鈥?. She makes and decorates weddings cakes for hotels and private parties, bakes bread and cookies 鈥?so we really pigged out. The service was impeccable throughout our stay 鈥?from the basics -tea and coffee making facilities in the room and cleanliness - to arranging massages, tours, taxis and, if we needed rupiahs or mangoes, the manageress, Titin, hopped on her scooter. Julia and Helmut -ex-globe trotting CEO, master of the art of entertainment, small talk or serious discussions on any subject, were always around to see to our needs or aches and pains. On the last evening, we mentioned sea food barbeque and before we knew it, someone had gone to buy fresh seafood and it was another night of practicing a happy Singaporean鈥檚 life philosophy at Helmut and Julia鈥檚 best. Hmm. Yummy! Do we really have to leave the next morning? And, oh yes, the birds in this paradise did get their chance to wake us up gently the other mornings. Alexandra had so much fun till late at night, she was back to her normal morning state of comatose 鈥榰nwakeability鈥?鈥?just in time for the start of school.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>R&Rexpert
<Content>Outstanding Service AFter 10 years of living in Jakarta, I have been to Bali countless times and stayed in many places but mainly the expensive large, sea front hotels that cater to masses of people. This last time, on a friend's recommendation, I stayed for 8 restful days in Villa Ixora, Seminyak. I will never again stay in those huge non-personal hotels. Villa Ixora, owned and run by Helmut and Julia, was a delightful experience. The rooms are spacious, tastefully furnished and have a balcony or terrace. Bathrooms are excellent. Helmut says Villa Ixora Is not a restuarant but on the nights I didn't go out, I found the food served to be quite good. It is located close to many of Bali's top restuarants so there is no shortage of night entertainment close by. And the beach is only a short walk away. The property isstill surrounded by padi fields but at the rate villas are being built, this may not be the case for much longer.A highlight for me was the service. Nothing was too much trouble for the staff - or indeed Helmut and Julia. From the complimentary pick up at the airport, to borrowing Helmut's internet connection, to arranging motor bikes for guests or being invited to join the family clelbrations for Helmut's birthday. The service was attentive but unobtrusive. One morning I mentioned I would love to try one of Julia's cakes. For afternoon tea, individual chocolate mousse cakes covered in coconut appeared in the room. Julia has a separate business supplying amazing cakes for hotels, restuarants and weddings. Breakfasts, included in the room rate, were excellent with a variety of home made breads offered. Requests for items not on the menu were always accommodated. And breakfast is served ... whenever you want it. Perfect for holidays! At the risk of making this place too popular, I would highly recommend Villa Ixora for anyone who wants peace and quiet for their vacation but within easy reach of night life.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kecbeans
<Content>best place to chill We have stayed at Villa Ixora a couple of times over the last four years. We first came here as a couple and have recently been there with our baby. The reason we keep coming back is the location itself and the people who work there. It is ideal to just relax at the pool or the nearby beach but also to take it as a sort of base for daytrips or longer trips. The owners have helped us to arrange divetrips, sailtrips and trips to the mountains. There are a lot of hip bars and restaurants near by but still you are staying in the middle of the beautiful rice paddies. Good shopping facilities are just a hop away. The last recent time we went to ixora we took our new baby along. It is a totally diferent kind of holiday but ixora is also ideal with children. The pool, the super friendly staff, fresh fruit,fridge in the room, water cooker, super clean rooms and great facilities such as a baby bed make it easier than somewhere else to combine relaxed holidays and fun with kids!!We can only recommend to come here and enjoy one of the best places in bali.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>_o_Island-Hopper_o_
<Content>Relax - Bali Style Villa Ixora is a great place, a serene environment with lush greenery and typical Balinese architecture. Perfect to relax and charge the battery.The location is also a big advantage as the villa is walking distance to Hu'u Bar which is one of the hippest places in Bali. Bodyworks massage and Kudeta Restaurant are also very close. In addition it is only a short walk to the beach. Villa Ixora has nice, high quality rooms and good facilities. We especially loved the balinese open air living room located next to the pool where the breakfast is served. Great place to chill out. The food is excellent, a variety of German and Indonesian dishes is served. Great home cooking! The German owner, his family and the staff are very helpful and friendly. They gave us great tips for the best shopping places and restaurants.We had a great time there and will definetly go there again.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>ToniPalermo
<Content>The other Bali...       restaurant next to pool  
<Date>Aug 28, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Maxiat
<Content>The place to relax! A wonderful small resort near the beach. Friendly and familiar atmosphere. The German owner does everything to make your trip most pleasant and he is always open to have a nice chat with you.The resort itself has a good pool and the rooms/villas are built with high quality materials. You can access the internet over WiFi.You can talk with the parrot or play with the cute dogs or get a massage or just chill out.All together a very relaxing and quite place. There is only space for about 15 people, which preserves you quite holiday with the opportunity to meet some nice people.Most important for Germans, the good breakfast with dark bread, ham, jam and Nutella. I think hard to find in Bali.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>KurtSchweiz
<Content>Tr盲ume k枚nnen wahr werden...   showReview(14592517, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	2	5	5	5	5	

<Author>StephanieLB
<Content>Un endroit superbe !!!   showReview(8662350, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Knorrelli
<Content>Urlaub total   showReview(6563925, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

