<Author>DJM52
<Content>Luxury in Paris Had a wonderful stay at Jays Hotel. My wife  I booked partly on the basis of it's No. 1 billing with Trip Advisor, and we weren't disappointed.Excellent location close to Eiffel Tower and Arc de Triomphe.We found a huge variety of excellent restaurants close by and used some of the places recommended by the hotel.We were upgraded on arrival (though we didn't realise this at first) to the Asie suite, which was beautiful with a combination of antique furniture and mod cons.The bed was the most comfortable we had ever slept in, with pillows which were beautifully soft and moulded to your head.Although we tended to do our own thing, the staff were extremely helpful - we probably should have used their services more.All in all - an excellent stay - hard to imagine staying anywhere else if we go back to Paris.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JohnRonaldMichael
<Content>A Nonpareil My boyfriend and I stayed here for four days to celebrate his birthday. From beginning to end, it was a delight. Jane, Philippe, and Judy corresponded with us beforehand to help us select rooms, arrange travel from the airport, book restaurant reservations (a must), and to reassure us that same-sex couples were welcome. We stayed in the Louis XVI room, which was immaculately furnished, and already arrayed upon our arrival with flowers, fruits, nuts, and chocolates. Neither of us knows Paris well, so it was a particular comfort to have the invisible-unless-you-needed-them staff pass along tips, maps, and--on one day of unexpected inclement weather--a weather advisory slipped discreetly under our door early in the morning. The bed was extremely comfortable, the bath deep, and the mini-kitchen well stocked with utensils and dishes. The mixture of intimacy and professionalism made this place a nonpareil. We will certainly think of it as our pied 脿 terre in Paris for future visits.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>overseaseducator
<Content>Gem in the 16th After 60+ countries, countless cities, luxury brand hotels, boutiques, chains, 'ole reliables, and some dogs, our experience at Jays' Paris inspired my fiancee and I to give a bit back to Trip Advisor, which has been our saving grace for years.For context, I am 34, my fiancee 27. Both of us travel often for work, had been to Paris once previously, and found ourselves here for 6 nights in late-November 2008 upon the recommendation of a family friend (with very classy taste whom I'd like thank publically). They recommended Jays Paris, I contacted the hotel directly, Jays took over from there and the rest is history....Firstly, Jays is home. In fact, we felt more at home in Jays than we do in our own apartment. With only 5 rooms, the staff has the time, knowledge, training, and courtesty to tend to your every need. They are genunine, kind, and experienced. We could go on and on, but it would be pointless to recite the countless times they went above and beyond. Truly extraordinary.Jays' location is perfect. Smack in the 16th, equi-distant from the Arc/Champs and Eiffel Tower, dozens of brilliant restaurants minutes away, a short walk to the metro....put simply, Jays' location has character, is uber-convenient and perfectly located for accessiblity to virtually anything for which you might be venturing out.You would be hard-pressed to find larger and/or nicer rooms anywhere in Paris. We stayed in Suite Louis XVI. Each of the five suites are gigantic by any city's standards - but even more appreciated in Paris - wonderfully designed, and well-thought out in both design and decoration. Our bed was the most comfortable we have slept on since we've known each other. No hyperbole. Amazing.In sum, this is a gem of a boutique with incredibly gracious service, unbeatable location, and unusually large rooms with heavenly beds. With restaurants at every turn, it is unnecessary for the hotel to have an in-house bar/restaurant, or try to be something it is not. Jays does what it does better than any boutique hotel at which I've previously stayed and I suspect they will continue to do the same. I wholeheartedly and unabashedly recommend Jays as your next hotel in Paris. Nothing is off-limits with their staff and I trust they would do anything to preserve their ever-growing reputation as one of the finest hotels in Paris.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jamdoc
<Content>the best hotel experience!! If there were more than a five star option I would choose that one! My family,( husband and 2 kids) had the extreme pleasure of staying at this hotel, due to Judy being very accomodating!. This is the first time I feel compelled to take the time to write a review! From the first email and the numerous questions that followed, Judy and her staff were professional and prompt and always very helpful. The entire experience from the moment we walked in, to the early morning departure was one of personalized service and warmth. Edwin and Phillipe were the ones to meet us and started our Parisian experience to a fantastic start. Thank you both for your attentiveness and kindness, it really felt like family. We only briefly met Quercy and Garritt but once again their service far surpassed any expectation. Even providing us with breakfast at 5am!! Thank you Garritt and good luck with your future profession!! Phillipe what can we say...above and beyond, you made our stay very memorable. So I've run out of adjectives... but I want anyone looking at this website to have no doubt as to the service, quality of rooms and professionalism that await you...truly like no other, we even had to leave THEM a gift to thank them for all they did. SO BOOK YOUR NEXT STAY HERE!!! (I'll submit pictures later, had a glitch!)  
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SeaPatrol
<Content>Juste Superbe! Jays exceeded all expectations We were just so impressed with Jays. In line with other reviewers, we agree, this was our clear favourite hotel of a 3 week European holiday. Unmatched for comfort, luxury and hospitality! A unique attention to detail and service that one finds in only the Europe's finest hotels. A boutique scale and staff are it's secret. Understated and unpretentious and yet luxuriously refined with style. Each suite is evidently unique and we loved our Suite Asie - from the chaffeur at the airport, champagne and fresh fruit on arrival, Clarins toiletries, effortless bookings at local restaurants and shows, to handmade chocolates delivered daily from Paris' top chocolatiers upon our magical four postered bed - we were spoiled! For an exciting and romantic escapade to Paris, Jays is it. You will find here, as we did, one of Europe best surprises.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>herbie747
<Content>What a great Hotel! This was my 2nd time staying in Jays, and it's simply fantastic. I originally brought my wife here for Valentines Day this year, after reading the great reviews on Trip Advisor, and the hotel just ticks all the boxes! The staff are incredibly polite  accommodating (namely Philippe). During my October stay, there was a Jazz gig I wanted to attend in a local venue - I tried to book some tickets the week before my stay, but I couldn't navigate the ticket website, as it was entirely in French with no English version; and I also couldn't find a phone number to call to make my booking: when I e-mailed Philippe for suggestions on how to purchase the tickets via phone or internet, he went down to a local ticket point on his lunch break  purchased the tickets for me! What a guy!! I mean, who else would do this??? Talk about service!The rooms are very spacious with all amenities, and the d茅cor is very tasteful. It's a boutique hotel, so there are not many rooms, but that just makes the stay all the more personal. Location is fantastic too - just across the road from L'Arc de Triomphe, and 10 mins walk to The Eiffel Tower.Can't recommend enough!  
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	-1	5	5	5	

<Author>USAconcierge
<Content>Fantastic Boutique Hotel My Mother and I live in different parts of the United States, so we don't see each other very often. So every year, we take a trip together to reconnect with each other. This year, we chose Paris. I should mention that I am a hotel concierge in the United States and a member of Les Clefs d'Or, the international association of the world's best concierges. In my job, I'm all about delivering great customer service to my guests every day. So I chose this hotel in large part when I saw the rave reviews they got for their service for their guests. What could I learn from them, this little hotel that got to the No.#1 ranking on Tripadvisor in Paris? I was eager to find out. We stayed for six nights in October of 2008. The first thing to understand about this hotel is that they only have five rooms. So you feel very, very taken care of when you stay here. Anything you need, it's done five minutes ago. Every time a staff member sees you, they jump up and ask what they can do for you. If you stay at a hotel that has 200 rooms, the staff is simply too busy to give you that kind of individual attention. When we'd leave for our adventures in Paris each day, one staff member would be holding the door, the other waiting by the taxi so it wouldn't leave without us, almost like Secret Service Agents waiting for the President. That's actually a very good analogy, because the staff here makes you feel like you are the President of the United States. When you get treated like that, it's hard not to like a place! I first noticed the great customer service in e-mail exchanges with the owner, Judy (who's Australian by the way.) I asked her to recommend a tour guide to take my Mother and I around Paris. The tour guide she recommended did not return my e-mail exchanges, and when I expressed my frustration to her about this, she told me that on her next day off, she would go around to the top five grandest hotels in Paris and ask their concierge staff who they recommended for guides. Wow! I was really impressed. In the end , she found us an excellent guide to show us around. But for me, the staff member who really stood out here was Philippe. This guy was phenomenal---his whole attitude demonstrated a total commitment to the guest. It's not that I thought he was good ----I thought he was extraordinary. I've stayed in boutique hotels all over Europe, and I can tell you that they don't come any better. I asked him about his philosophy and he said that the key is to be proactive---to do always do more than whatever the guests expect. Exactly. Each night, my Mother and I would go to some grand hotel to have a drink and in each place I'd ask the concierges, What's the secret to being a great concierge? The irony was that all I had to do was watch Philippe. When my Mother had to say goodbye to him, she actually choked up---and my Mother just doesn't do that with hotel staff. But she did with Philippe. In the end, the Eiffel Tower was great, but Philippe was unforgettable. As for the other staff, Quercy was a super-nice guy who, while not playing in Philippe's league yet, is well on his way. Edwin, the head of housekeeping,, examplified the sweetness that sums up the spirit of Jays. Jane helped me with a reservation one day---I thought she was fabulous! There's no gym, no restaurant, no bar. If you want all of that, Jays isn't for you. If you want a hot breakfast, there's a great place right across the street (they can do a continenal breakfast at Jays.) You stay here to experience some of the best customer service you'll ever have at a hotel---it's really like staying with family! One other note: we had a tour guide in Paris that was easily the most charming and engaging tour guide I've had anywhere in the world. Her name as Sophie Camier---ask Jays to set you up with her. I can't recommend her highly enough. She was as unforgettable as Philippe! Kevin McQuade Member, Les Clefs dOr Charleston, South Carolina USA kmcquade@princebush.com  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>drdan1001
<Content>Empty nest getaway My wife and I have the 3 kids out of the house!!!Time for a trip. Arrived at Jays about 11 am everything was just the way I wanted it for our first trip to Paris alone since 82. The room, perfect the bath could use a second sink, now I'm getting picky.The neighborhood is quiet but close to really great sights. The staff couldn't be more friendly and helpful. Reservations made were perfect tour of the city was perfect geez the weather was even good(they must have an in). So if you want a place with peace and quiet with lots of space close to everything with a staff second to none this is the place for you. You can pay more but cant get better.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>llmohk1
<Content>Just what we were looking for We spent our 20th wedding anniversary in the Asia room at Jays and loved it. It was just what we were looking for. Unlike a typical Parisian hotel the room and bathroom were spacious, simply yet perfectly decorated with a four posted bed overlooking a small internal atrium garden. It also had with a small kitchenette although there was a communal room where cooking was possible and along with internet access. The service was excellent, Jays looked after us well with restaurant recommendations, shopping suggestions etc they even had, bread, cheese, ham and champagne waiting for us after our long trip from Singapore. it is in a great location being a few minutes walk to the Arc de Triomphe and the Champs d'elise , the Trocedero, a metro station, local cafes and restuarants and Patisserie, and not very far to walk to the Seine and the Eiffel Tower.Definitely recommend this hotel for those who want a good location, good service and a great room but don鈥檛 need all the trimmings that come the larger hotels such as spa, gym, bars etc etc  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>DVS
<Content>Perfect Hotel in Paris After reading the reviews of Jays Paris, I decided to cancel my other hotel reservation and stay at Jays. It was absolutely the correct decision as our stay was amazing. Before we arrived in Paris, we were impressed with Jays attention to detail and service. Every e-mail and request was attended to. We arrived to rainy Paris to a warm and welcoming hotel and staff. We stayed in the Provence Suite which we loved. Comfortable bed, large room, great bathroom and amenities.There was even a small kitchenette with a refriderator and small cooktop. If I were to have it to do again, I would have gone to the store and bought cereals, yogurts, etc. It would have been really convenient as we were sometimes too tired from touring to go out.They arranged several things for us and did a great job.They were always friendly and helpful and I can see why they are rated #1.Loved Jays Paris and we will return soon. Thank you to all the staff at Jays. You helped make my 50th birthday and first trip to Paris perfect.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>youngters
<Content>Delightful Jays I recently stayed at Jays, Paris with my father and 5 year old daughter for 3 nights at the end of a month long tour of Europe. I liked the idea of staying somewhere intimate that could make our short stay in Paris as rewarding as possible. Both the hotel and the Jays team did not dissapoint.In short we had a wonderful stay at Jays. It was the perfect way to finish our trip. Whilst the room and adjacent salon were delightful, peaceful havens to return to after a long day wandering around Paris, it was the personal attention and service from the Jays team that stood out the most. No request was too much and each one was dealt with efficiency and a smile. It was as if we were being welcomed into their home and certainly it was how we felt upon leaving.Our stay unfortunately was far too brief, luckily though I have spoken so much about it to my husband he is very keen to travel to Paris soon so he can see for himself.Judy and the Jays team are a special group of people in an industry that often lacks all the things Jays excels at 鈥搕he human touch!  
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>JimParkRidge_IL
<Content>A Gem Jays is exactly what it's website says it is: a delightful boutique hotel in a relatively quiet neighborhood in Paris.If you require a bar and a restaurant, a spa and a swimming pool at your hotel, then Jays is not for you.But, if a very high level of service, spotless and well furnished accomodations and a certain special ambiance are your cup of tea then this is the place for you.We stayed in Suite Provence, Number 203, for four nights in late September and had a specatcular time. The location is close to both the Eiffel Tower and Arc de Triomphe, with several metro lines nearby. We dined at four restaurants from the suggestions Jay's provided and each was outstanding -- and all within easy walking distance of the hotel.Service was exceptional. Garritt and Phllipe were especially helpful and made us feel at home from the moment we arrived.This is a real gem of a hotel!  
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>DubuqueIowaBogart
<Content>Hi Edwin and Garret !! We found Jay's on Trip Advisor !! It really is special and Quercy, Edwin and Garret were the BEST. Sorry it took me so long to write a review ( we stayed August 8 on...) My sister and I were treated like Princesses. We loved everything about Jay's. The location is perfect, close to the Metro, Eiffel, Champs yet a very non-touristy residential street. Yes, we would stay there again and my niece hopes your engagement, Garret, might not happen ! Just kidding... :-) Loved the rooms, HUGE and bathrooms, HUGE (great Clarins products, too) and the special touches of fruit, chocolate, etc. Edwin is the sweetest manager of housekeeping and the rooms were immaculate. He did everything possible to make our stay wonderful. We were actually choked up when we were leaving to go to the airport as we said our good-byes !  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Tasteforluxury
<Content>Wonderful Experience at Jays Paris was to be part of a very special holiday for us. Being collected (and later dropped off) at the station removed all the stress of trying to find our way to the hotel with heavy bags. Entering the building we were greeted by the first of Judy鈥檚 exemplary staff, the charming Gerrit, who was on duty at night during our stay and made it special by not only his efficiency and helpfulness, but by taking the time to chat to us. Thanks also to Quercy , always available to offer help and information and to Renato the cleaner who left our room looking like a work of art. As for the hotel itself, it was a truly beautiful, elegant space, a haven to return to after a busy day in Paris. We enjoyed the comfort of our huge bedroom and the enormously deep bath in the bathroom. The sitting room on the second floor became an extension of our room where we made hot drinks, used the internet and read or just sipped a glass of wine bought from the nearby wine merchant. Visit Jays, stay as long as you can and let it work it鈥檚 magic on you 鈥?you won鈥檛 want to leave!  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>summer1212_1999
<Content>Absolutely Wonderful!! I booked this hotel using all the reviews on TripAdvisor and I wasn't disappointed. From the moment you arrive you are greeted with nothing but smiles! Prior to my arrival I coordinated with Jays for tickets to The Louvre and Moulin Rouge and everything was set up when I arrived. The staff was also very helpful with directions to the Metro and bus lines. Everything that Jays did had a personalized touch, from the daily delivery of the days weather report to the coordination of day trips. And the rooms are just gorgeous! It's a shame though because the beds are so comfortable to the point that you don't want to get out of it. There were a few days I had to remind myself that I was in Paris and get out of bed because it was just so cozy. I definitely give it an A+ and look forward to going back!  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>arutyunovs
<Content>Jays is Perfection! We have just returned home after having spent 5 amazing days at JAYS.Actually, it is absolutely pointless to compare this lavish residence with other brand high-class hotels since it has been such a unique experience and the approach to clients is totally different. Luxury at Jays hotel is not a cliche. It is exclusive. You have an immediate feeling that everything is being made to meet your own requirements and not just the well-known standards.Its luxurious interiors and charming miniature size add up to the warm feeling that you are staying not at a hotel, but at home. The spacious suites with high ceilings are fully equipped for a comfortable stay, so that the tasteful furniture is not only beautiful, but suprisingly functional.Jays' location is almost perfect. The main Paris sites are within a walking or a short-driving distance, yet it is hidden from the hordes of tourists and horn-honking traffic in a sophisticated, calm part of the 16th arrondissement.Yet, Jays would be a brilliant eye-candy without its charismatic team. We would like to thank Judy, the owner, Philippe and all other team members, who made our stay unforgettable.We can't wait to come back to Jays and will definitely recommend it to our friends.Best wishes,The Arutyunovs.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ECD2407
<Content>An exceptional experience Jays is more than just a room in a hotel - from the moment we arrived we were made to feel extremely welcome and for our whole stay received very attentive service. Jays really does provide an exceptional experience. The service is personal, discreet and tailored to your individual needs and this theme is continued into your hotel room. We stayed in the Asie suite which was sumptuous - the room was a fantastic size and the added features of kitchenette, DVD player, plasma TV made together with the individual styling of the room made us feel extremely comfotable and that we were enjoying a real treat.Over and above the standard checklist of location, room quality, etc (which all ticked the right boxes), Jays staff really made our experience exceptional and we would like to thank them all.We have stayed in many hotels in many different cities and always rate our favourite hotel - Jays is now top of the list and we hope to return soon!A real spoil  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>csuosu
<Content>Outstanding service Stayed at the Jays based on other reviews on Trip Advisor. This place does not disappoint. We have stayed at other top hotels, including many Four Seasons, Mandarin Oriental's and Ritz Carltons. The service at the Jays is the best I have ever seen. Before we even arrived at the hotel, we communicated with Judy, the owner, and her staff to set up museums and a side trip to Versailles. They could not have been more helpful. In fact, when we inquired about a Paris restaurant, Judy said she hadn't eaten there, but that she and her husband would try it out before we got there so they could give us a recommendation. When we arrived they had a booklet waiting for us with the itinerary that we had worked on over the preceding months. Very professional. Before we left, we needed a train to Amsterdam and they went out of their way to assure we had the right train and time. With such great service, it may be easy to forget the room, but we were on a three week tour of Europe, and the room was the biggest one we encountered. It had a large four poster, king sized bed. The mattress was a pillow top. While it may have been a little more pricey than a typical boutique hotel, the level of service that was provided made up for the cost. Absolutely loved the Jays.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SammyG10
<Content>A Perfect STAY Can't wait to return.Kindness and hospitality was more than ever imagined or expected.The feeling was as visiting friends not paying guests.Perfect combination of warmth felt in our own home and luxury of the pampering given by all hotel familyFrom the first day ,through all the planning of restaurants,Normandy trip,shopping ,trains,etc.Everything was done extradorinarily well and most of all everything seemed to arranged as if they were planning for themselves.It was a pleasure to have stayed at JAYS and would never think of going to Paris and not staying there.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>efamily4
<Content>Jays Paris is perfection! Our family just arrived home after spending a magnificent five nights at Jays Paris. From the moment we were met at the airport by the chauffeur, to the moment we were bid adieu by Judy and her staff, we were treated wonderfully and made to feel as though we were staying at our own private pied a terre in Paris. We had the entire top floor (two enormous suites, plus a separate living area/kitchen) to our family of four. The suites were elegantly decorated (in fact, Judy was in the process of selecting new carpets while we were there), very well maintained and very quiet and private. Every time we entered or left the hotel, we were greeted by another wonderful member of the Jays team. Everyone seemed genuinely interested in our plans and did everything to ensure our needs were met. After a long journey to Paris, we were greeted in our room with fresh fruit, baguettes, wonderful cheeses and bottles of water. It was a lovely way to begin our visit. The staff was always ready to assist with restaurant recommendations, reservations, museum tickets, etc. Without hesitation, we would return to Jays, and plan to do so in a few years. Judy and her team should be proud of the special place they have created in one of the most heavenly places on earth, Paris. Thank you for making our stay so special.The Evans Family  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>riprod
<Content>Finest Hotel in Paris We stayed here for our 10th wedding anniversary. The hotel is fairly expensive but worth every penny. We got a great deal for mid-week in a quieter time by contacting the hotel directly. It is quintessential Paris and you could not get a better location. The room was fantastic and the staff were super friendly and helpful. The rooms are huge by European standards. Even arranging to meet us from the airport. I have to laugh at the one review about the large creaking wardrobe. When a building is 160 years old you expect a little creaking which only adds to the character. It is not some cookie-cutter chain, which is precisely what makes it so special. I have to say that this place was truly one of the finest hotels that I have ever stayed in. I have to thank Judy (the owner) for her exceptional attention to detail and making our stay so amazing... right down to the cold champagne waiting in our room.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>mamakinrocks
<Content>An Absolute Gem! We just returned from our 25th anniversary trip to Paris. We decided to stay at Jays based on other reviews. We were not disappointed! The suites/bathrooms are very large and clean. The bathroom is well-stocked with lovely products and a quality hair dryer. The attention to detail is constant. One day we returned to a bowl of beautiful pink roses. Little gifts popped up at different times, such as a small box of chocolates and a nice asst. of Clarins sun products. Every morning, the weather report was slipped under our door to help us plan our day. Everything is of the highest quality (a cashmere throw folded on the bed). We did experience a bit of a snafu which required us switching rooms. The staff was very apologetic (they were trying to accommodate the safety of an elderly guest, as there are quite a few stairs). Of course we were not overly happy about this situation, but they did take care of moving things for us. We were also served a fabulous continental breakfast daily (free of the usual charge) as compensation. We dined in our beautiful room where our breakfast was set up on a lovely table. We had fresh-squeezed OJ, french-pressed coffee, croissants, chocolate au bon pain and baguettes. We were also told to use anythng that we wished from the mini refrigerator (there was an asst. of non-alcoholic drinks as well as some delicious-looking cans of nuts. As much as I could have eaten those nuts, I didn't want to take advantage of the situation!). We were given champagne on several occasions. The location is great and there are many wonderful restaurants that we enjoyed within walking distance. What amazed us more than anything was the service. There are only five suites to my knowledge and we always had a concierge on duty. Philippe, Gerrit, Quercy and Matthieu were all there at some point. There was never a time when they did not greet us upon going out or coming in. They wanted to know what they could do for us, how our day went, etc. They provided us with tickets to anything that we requested and arranged a car service for transportation to and from the airport. Judy, the owner is also a delight. We felt very pampered and well taken care of at Jays. We very much look forward to returning!  
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>RedSouthAfrica
<Content>Dreamlike Luxury at Jays       Jays Entrance  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MBMcCue
<Content>Loved Jays Paris My husband and I just returned from Paris where we had the most incredible stay at Jays, a charming boutique hotel with only five guest rooms centrally located off the Champs d鈥橢lysee and only a five minute walk to the Arc de Triomph. From the moment we arrived every member of the hotel staff made us feel comfortable and right at home. They were warm and friendly and anticipated our every need. The staff treated us as if we were guests in their own very elegant home 鈥?by arranging for excellent room service or calling ahead for dinner reservations at the best restaurants or ensuring that our sightseeing plans were realized.Our room was attractive, spacious and had every amenity that we needed. Upon learning that we were interested in gardens, the staff took extra special care to ensure that the beautifully designed garden outside our window was spruced up for our enjoyment.We were very sad to leave Jays and immediately began planning our next visit. We can鈥檛 thank the staff enough for making our stay at Jays and our visit to Paris so memorable. Until next time,MB McCueSan Francisco  
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>travellingduo88
<Content>Absolute bliss       the sweeping entry  
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Minerva16
<Content>Pleasures of Jays My husband and I recently spent three nights at Jays. What a true gem in the heart of Paris. I think it is very safe to say that you can not, should not stay in Paris without staying at Jays. The property consists of only 5 rooms, so to say you get individual attention is an extreme understatement. Prior to our arrival, I worked with Judy and Philippe to get Louvre and Orsay tickets. They provided a detailed listing of their favorite restaurants, all of which we tried, we loved. They also arranged a horse carriage ride for us.From the moment we arrived, their attention to detail was top notch. The driver was ready and waiting when we arrived at the train station. When we arrived at Jays, Philippe was there to greet us and offered us coffee, wine, anything we wanted. A couple of the evenings, we requested a bottle of wine. They were always super quick and provided nuts, olives, or some other goody to go along with the wine. The best way to sum up the way we felt about Jays, it is easy to say family. We felt very comforted, protected, and well taken care of. They were always more than willing to call a cab, give directions, set up reservations, etc. Because it is such a small property you really feel like you get to know the staff. Before you leave for your afternoon of adventures, whoever is working the reception, comes out to wish you a good day, provide a snack, or to lend a hand. Upon return, they were always interested in how our day was and what we got accomplished. The morning we left, Gerrit called us a taxi, Him and Judy stood at the door waving good bye as our taxi headed off to the airport. I actually felt sad to leave them. Paris was not our favorite place we have ever been. However, I would love to go back just to enjoy in the pleasures of Jays!  
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SJCSharon
<Content>Fantastic property - a true find! I stayed at the Jays hotel April 30 and May 1 - my fourth time at the Jays - so I thought it would be very unfair if I didn't tell you about my favorite Parisian gem! The Jays is an incredible and indulgent hotel - they have thought of literally EVERYTHING. From the unique and elegant decor (each room has a different theme), to the incredibly indulgent amenities: fabulous toiletries, flat screen tv, kitchenette, and get this -- AIR CONDITIONING. This may not sound like a big deal to Americans, but I've stayed at other hotels in the summer, and I can promise you - if you've ever stayed in Paris during the summer, Air Conditioning is a MUST -- yet so few properties bother. And the other biggies -- free WiFi in the room (nearly unheard of), a fabulous espresso machine in the lobby (hot pot for coffee in the room), and top to bottom indulgence (fabulous bedding, towels, etc.). Every detail of this beautiful property is attended to with a sharp eye and great flourish. I have never seen such an amazing staff - truly. They are incredibly helpful when you need them, and extremely discreet when you want to be left on your own.This hotel is a very small property in that they have less than 10 rooms, yet I never ONCE felt I was missing any of the luxuries that a large hotel might offer. Granted, they don't have a restaurant - but they have gone out of their way to make it easy to get anything you need. They will deliver food to your room if you want it, as they've contracted with local cafes, etc. Want some champagne? No problem, they have some on hand. There was literally nothing I could have wanted for that the staff of the Jays wasn't ready to help with.The location is incredibly desirable. It is literally 2 blocks from the Champs-elyse (fantastic shopping and dining), and you can see the Arc de Triomphe and the Eiffel Tower from the corner where the Jays is located! Stunning. Let me be very clear about this - hotels in Paris are EXTREMELY expensive, so this property is not inexpensive. That said, I have stayed at several other hotels in Paris (from the Sofitel to the Hyatt) and I can promise you that you will not find a better deal in this category of hotel. I am counting the days to my next stay at the Jays - I love this hotel and recommend it highly!!!  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Marlzi
<Content>Look No Further! Fantastic I cannot believe there is anywhere better to stay. We have stayed at hotels like The Four Seasons and Ritz-Carlton, and although they are great this hotel matches them pound for pound. On arrival our bags were whisked away by a lovely staff member and taken to our room while we were ushered into a stylish reception area where we offered a drink, tea, coffee or champagne as they checked us in. We were upgraded to a suite, which in Europe means a large room, and may I say wow.The room we had was on the top floor and took my breath away when the door was opened, white and taupe with splashes of pink. The Bathroom was spotless and in white tiles with a most wonderful amenities basket, no need to take your hairdryer this one is powerful enough. The room was supplied with a very useful directory of their restaurant choices in the area, shopping areas as well as guide maps. It also had a mini kitchenet with all could need. Attached to our room was a Salon, in Pale Lemon, with a full kitchen, extra fast internet and sitting area. This is not the best bit 鈥?the Staff makes this hotel. I have never stayed anywhere that the staff have been as friendly or as helpful. At about 6pm on a Friday night we decided to go for an authentic French meal and asked for suggestions and a booking. Two staff members discussed the options, and then phoned around until they found us somewhere spectacular. Another day we mentioned we were off to the Louvre, next thing two passes were placed in our hand with entry through a special gate so we would not have to queue, 鈥渋t can be quite busy at times鈥? The next morning we found in our weather report envelope placed under the door, reviews of another gallery exhibition we had mentioned. We discussed history and art with a lovely young man from Holland and French cuisine with another. I can not say enough to compliment Judy and her staff. Thankyou for such a wonderful time!  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GBetrom
<Content>Gracious living at JAYS in Paris JAYS is everything it says on their website and more. The hotel is elegant and private, and the location is absolutely perfect.Staff members are not only efficient and helpful, they take pride in their work and actually enjoy it! Check-in was made easy and pleasant, as we sat in the comfortable reception lounge with a welcome cup of tea. There is a beautiful period staircase leading to the 2 floors for accommodation and the guest salon. Our suite was light and spacious, almost like a studio appartment with its built-in kitchenette. The bathroom was bright and shiny clean. The bed was really comfortable, and combined with the peaceful atmosphere provided a good night's sleep right in the heart of Paris. There are numerous cafes and restaurants within easy walking distance. We chatted with the reception staff over a complimentary glass of excellent champagne (yes!), and they helped us plan our visits and also booked our restaurants.JAYS is definitely family friendly, would be great for a long stay, and is warmly recommended for those who believe that small is beautiful.  
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Imi1
<Content>Fantastic hotel We have just returned from Jays and we had an absolutely fantastic time! From the second we arrived (with a chaffeur to collect us from the Eurostar arranged by the hotel) we were made to feel extremely welcome. The hotel was beautiful and in a fantastic location - only minutes from the centre. Our room was lovely and incredibly spacious, in fact the weather was beautiful but we still spent time in our room as it was so lovely. One of the best things about this hotel though is the staff. Nothing was too much trouble and everyone was so friendly, in particular Quency. We wanted to go out for dinner but unfortunately several of the restaurants we liked were either closed or fully booked, however Quency went out of his way to find a lovely restaurant for us and then brought champagne to our room before we left which was much appreciated!We enjoyed our stay here so much and I would thoroughly recommend this hotel - we didn't want to leave!  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ERdoc20
<Content>Wish we could have stayed longer My wife and I recently stayed at Jays on our first trip to Paris, and were immediately impressed by the personal attention and friendliness of the staff. After a long trip from Chicago (complicated by missed connections and lost luggage), we were pleased to have a car (arranged by Jays) pick us up at the airport and bring us to the hotel, where we received a warm welcome.With only five suites, Jays is a small, boutique hotel located within the 16th arrondissement, which places it within walking distance of the Eiffel Tower, the Champs Elysees and other attractions. The rooms are spacious, comfortable and quiet. Although Jays does not have a restaurant on site there are several bistros and a market close by. Prior to our arrival, Philippe from concierge services arranged tickets to the Louvre, as well as lunch reservations at the Jules Verne restaurant (which I understand are difficult to obtain on short notice). Whether it was an umbrella, maps, museum recommendations or following up on our lost luggage, no request seemed to be a problem. Each evening when we returned to the hotel, we spent a few minutes telling the staff about our adventures and having a glass of wine in the reception area. Try doing that at one of the big chain hotels!Jays is fairly expensive, but as with most things, you get what you pay for. I contacted the hotel directly by e-mail, and was offered a special rate, which I thought was very reasonable and in line with other luxury hotels where we have stayed. Jays certainly made our first trip to Paris unforgettable. We only wish we could have stayed longer. If you are seeking a truly special place to stay in Paris ... Jays is the place!  
<Date>May 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>suffolk_sage
<Content>short break in Paris Everything you could possibly want for a short stay in Paris. It was great weather so we walked the City and didnt make use of the fantastic facilities. Be great in inclement weather too as you could enjoy the wonderful room and kitchen/lounge facilitys.For the space, comfort and opulence this may look expensive but its 50% less than many leading hotels and we put it at the top of the boutique range.  
<Date>May 10, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rmirt
<Content>perfect!! Just came back from a week in Paris with my wifeThe whole experience at Jays is extremely pleasant!!.it is a boutique hotel, good value for money, best feature is the staff/management service culture.Staff will do anything to make your stay perfect: reservations, tickets, chauffer to/from airport, etc.Porperty is well located, easily accessible from metro, at a walking distance to eiffel tower, triumph arch, there are several cafes, brasseries, restarurants close by.our suite was excellent, beautifully decorated, ample. a real plus: it had a kitchenette.only possible downside, Jays has no restaurant. but we did not mindPS: my wife loved the chocolates/fruits staff leaves in room everynight  
<Date>May 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Baranka
<Content>Great experience! We have just returned from a week at Jays. We found this boutique hotel to be of an exceptional value for its location, accomodation and service. Jays is just a few minutes walk from Champs Elysees and L'Arc de Triomphe. The suite we stayed in was spacious and nicely decorated, equipped with everything needed (from in-room safe to microvave oven). But the highest point of Jays is their service. Just a few examples - Jays concierge contacted us before arrival, offering to provide tickets/reservations for Paris attractions (e.g. Le Louvre), so that we wouldn't have to queue. We arrived quite late and the person who greeted us at the reception (unfortunately I don't remember his name!) had already prepared directions for a few restaurants nearby - just in case we were hungry... Whatever we asked for was immediately arranged. And all that with a personal smile, frendliness and readiness to help - big thanks especially to Quercy and Edwin. A couple of days after our return we were e-mailed again, just to thank us for our stay...No doubts - next time in Paris we will surely stay at Jays!  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AustinOrange
<Content>Jays is the wonderful!! We stayed at Jays for 7 nights in April 2008, and it was a wonderful experience. The rooms are very large by Paris standards and included a very discrete kitchenette (microwave, stove top and mini-fridge). The location is great - on a quiet side street just minutes from the Arc and Eiffel Tower. There are lots of nice restaurants nearby as well as great (upscale) shopping. The best thing, though, is the staff at the hotel. It's like having friends in Paris to help you settle in and navigate the local scene. The ratio of staff to guests is very high and the level of attention is outstanding. If you want a personal experience in Paris, this is the hotel for you.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>SamuelTraveller
<Content>Jays - our Paris favourite - unique understated friendly luxury We had such a wonderful stay at this boutique hotel. Each room is unique and we chose the Asiatique (we think!). We loved waking up in the grand four poster bed and the furniture was lovely with a feature antique wardrobe. The room was the most generous in size of any we had in Europe. The location is absolutely the centre of Paris. The service was without fault, personal, attentive and discrete. I suppose this is not a place for those who like the big 5 star paris hotels (perhaps the review below) and not for those at the budget end. We chose this place based on the opinion of most of the reviewers that given the choice of small rooms that look the same as any hotel in the world, lots of overtrained staff who offer service we never want with careful impersonal smiles, this place is different. The owner seems to have travelled the luxury hotel world and put together everything she loved in a boutique hotel. We share her taste. If you can get a room (they seemed to be booked out most of the month we tried)..the experience is something special... we hope you enjoy it like we did.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>StevenJTodd
<Content>Not the quality expected I agree with the previous comments concerning Jays. More like a really expensive BB than a hotel or even a boutique. Limited in terms of facilities, no bar, no restaurant. Breakfast can be ordered however they source this from a local restaurant and charge *40euros each. Rooms are average size and the view from the bedrooms is limited, i.e. a brick wall. Jays is around 7 mins walk to the Arc De T' so fairly well situated. Would I stay here again, no chance not when you can stay at the Marriott on the Champs eleysees for $100 euros cheaper with all the facilities and centrally located.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>3	1	3	3	3	4	4	3	

<Author>WoodOuses
<Content>Rather expensive for what you get Stayed at the Jays Friday to Sunday and paid over $400 Euros per night. For that I would expect luxury and a few standard offerings, however this wasn't the case. The room was reasonably large with a four poster bed. A large creaking wardrobe and a kettle with a hob unit, fridge and microwave. The tea and coffee were provided however buscuits, snacks and water were extra (much extra) for example the water was $5 Euro's. I would have expected biscuits, water etc to be include in the price, especially at the room rate. The staff were friendly especially Quercy however I wasn't overly impressed.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>drea3304
<Content>Jays Paris- Amazing!       Suite Aise  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>oldsalttexas
<Content>A Very Special Hotel We were guests at Jays from a Friday to a Monday Mid Feb 2008. A long weekend stay coming via London as a break from a business trip from Texas, We arrived via the Eurostar which was very comfortable and very fast just over 2 hrs from London to Paris but had the worst food I have ever had on a plane or a trainboth ways.Jays arranged for a meet and greet pickup at the Gare du Nord Train Station This is well worth the expense especially if you are travelling with a wife and daughter and a large number of bags, it was off the train and to the hotel in about 15 minutes. We had booked the two connecting suites on the top floor for ourselves and our daughter, we were very happy with the rooms one overlooking a nice courtyard the other the street, both were very large and very comfortable.From our arrival we found nothing was a problem for Judy, Phillipe and her Staff we just had to ask and they would arrange whatever we needed.Best memories are of a small local resturant 5 minutes walk from the hotel, Le Table Lauriston, just excellent. A guided night tour of the monuments, no traffic after a 9pm dinner. The Sacr茅-Coeur Basilica at night and during the day and of course the museums, the Mus茅e d'Orsay and the Louvre and the Paris by boat lunch. A very quick trip but very niceThis was the smallest boutique hotel we had ever stayed at however the service and personal attention was first class.My wife lost a special bracelet at the Mus茅e d'Orsay on Sunday, we left on Monday afternoon and could not retrive it as the museum is closed on Mondays, Judy arranged for Jays staff to visit the Museum on Tuesday located the bracelet and had it overnighted it back to our home in Texas.We are experienced travellers and we will recommend Jays as a very personal, very special lodging,something that is very hard to find.We will be returning later this year.Richard Terri and Lauren  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>springboxes
<Content>Jays - a favourite After a holiday in Europe chosing hotels on tripadvisor, we were rarely disappointed. For our last weekend, we needed a special place to spoil ourselves. Jays may have been a Paris best kept secret. Alas no longer and I see we were lucky to get our room.It was just lovely. Understated luxury and everything we wanted for our special stay. We gave it our clear Favourite hotel of the holiday prize and will be back.We agree with others this is truly one of the best boutique hotels in Europe.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>batravn
<Content>Excellent hotel with a laid back discrete luxury We stayed at Jays for 2 nights (without our 3 children - for once...)and it was the best. The staff was very nice and helpfull with everything we asked for, starting off with an excellent limousine-service from the airport. The rooms are spacious and with a touch of discret luxury. The location is also great with 200 meters to the Arch de Triomphe and 500 meters to the Trocadero and still in a very quiet location. Try out the great restaurants in Rue Lariston. We are going back to Jays - with or without children...  
<Date>Nov 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>fh1
<Content>Amazing hotel Amazing hotel, staff were exceptionally helpful. Great location, rooms were beautiful, very relaxing place to stay. Loved having a kitchenette in the room, great idea.Do not hesitate in booking at Jays is the best place in PARIS. We will be going back.The resaturant on the corner is great place to eat.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gellura
<Content>Absolutely Fabulous! This hotel is an absolute gem! It was difficult to leave at the end of my visit. I would love to move in permanently.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TravelBug073
<Content>What a beautiful place! I can't say enough how impressed I was with this boutique hotel from the moment we got in contact with Judy  Philippe to the moment we left. The service is truly exceptional and there are so many thoughtful details, there are even little laundry powder sachets and delicious cashmere blankets that are extremely luxurious to swim in whilst relaxing with a book or watching TV after a long day of walking.We stayed in an absolutely divine room that satisfied all of my expectations for a truly romantic and comfortable stay - it was EVERYTHING I had hoped Paris could be.I was particularly concerned about my trip to Paris because I am a coeliac - which means I need to avoid gluten at all costs. We primarily booked Jays because there is a discreet kitchenette just in case I needed to cook my own meals. Being gluten free in Paris is not easy as there is very little information on the internet about where you can go to eat. I contacted Judy because I had little success and wanted to find one restaurant that we could visit for one meal. I was so amazed when she organised a different restaurant for us to experience every night that we were there! It was such a massive relief and such an adventure! She informed every restaurant about my dietary requirements and all I needed to do was turn up and hand them my information. Needless to say - I never expected to get the chance to enjoy Parisian food of such fantastic quality and of such variety!On our last night there Judy made sure she said goodbye to us - and I am still moved when I remember Philippe standing outside making sure that he waved us off as we drove away. You can't buy that sort of care and generosity of spirit and if I ever go back to Paris Jays will always be my first and only choice.Thank you so much Judy  Philippe!  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Torontomom8
<Content>Wonderful hotel in great location! We stayed at the lovely Jays hotel for 4 nights in August 2007. My husband and I and our two daughters, ages 4 1/2 and 2 years old stayed in the lovely Empire Suite and adjoining room. Judy Braham was there to greet us, and show us to our rooms. We were absolutely charmed when we saw the wonderfu little touches Judy had made to our girls' room. The bed for our older one had a selection of stuffed animals, and the baby cot for our 2 year old had the most charming embroidered sheets and also a few little stuffed animals. The rooms were spacious, beautifully decorated and very comfortable. Kitchenettes are discreetly hidden, and offer a full selection of cutlery and dishes - particularly useful if you're travelling with young kids. Judy and all of her English-speaking staff were extremely helpful and always available. Judy Braham has obviously devoted much care and attention to this hotel and it is clear in all of the nice details - from the decor to bed linens to the well-written hotel manual which includes a wealth of information about what to do and see in Paris as well as information on French etiquette and even some explanation of French politics and history! Judy will also arrange for your airport pick-up and drop-off, which is very convenient and most welcome, particularly if you're travelling with young kids. We had an excellent stay, and would highly, highly recommend Jays Paris and Judy and her terrific staff.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>pjmom45
<Content>Terriffic Hotel We stayed at the Jays hotel 4 nights at the end of June after a 2 week trip thru Italy. This was by far the Best hotel of the entire trip (we stayed at five 3 and 4 star hotels). We are a family of 6, 2 adults and 4 teens/preteens. We stayed in adjoining suites on the 2nd floor. Everything was comparable to a Four Seasons hotel, EXCEPT, the rooms were much LARGER, and it was 1/2 THE PRICE. One room even had a washing machine. Location was great too. It was in a more residential/business area which made you feel as though you were experiencing the real Paris.Good restaurants nearby, especially at Victo Hugo place (5 min. walk) and shopping too. They give you a printout/map when you check in of everthing (even reccommendations) in the area. The Arc de triomphe is 2 blocks away as well as the bus stops. The Eiffel Tower is a nice 10-15 min. walk. Trish and Judy will help you with anything else you could want or need to know. Will recommend this boutique hotel to anyone we know traveling to Paris.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Appreciate_Quality
<Content>Jays Paris is a Great Find We spent 3 nights at Jays in 3 rooms there. Everything about Jays is wonderful, so I won't duplicate the other reviews. I especially liked that they arranged a driver to take us from the train station to the hotel on arrival and to the airport upon departure - adding the cost of the driver onto our hotel bill, which was very convenient. The rooms are huge and perfectly furnished/appointed with excellent temperature controls. Everyone there speaks English well, which was helpful since we are not multi-lingual.We stayed at 5 hotels on our recent trip to Europe, and our 4 daughters ages 9-16 hands-down picked Jays as the best hotel we stayed at, beating even the Milestone in London! Hats off to Jays Paris.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MokaSydney
<Content>Fabulous Stay Having just returned from a long trip through Europe our stay at Jay's rates in our top three hotels.I had prebooked our accommodation via the internet at Jays and was impressed with their service long before our arrival. They responded efficiently to my emails, provided suggestions and arranged restaurant bookings and car services. Nothing was too much trouble and I was grateful for their prompt responses.Jay's is in a great location, their service in the flesh continued to impress and the rooms were extremely well appointed, very generous in size and meticulously clean. We discovered in our travels that a 'boutique hotel does not guarantee a boutique experience. In Jay's case however it did. It was our first trip to Paris and it was made all the more memorable because of our stay here. We will return and we would not hesitate to stay Jay's again, it would feel like coming home.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>senderwood
<Content>fanstastic place!!!!! My family and I stayed for 4 nights. I can not recommend the hotel highly enough. The rooms were just wonderful. We had the 2 inter connecting rooms on the top floor. They were large, luxurious and so very comfortable. There was the added bonus of a lounge next door with a fridge and cooking facilities if you wished to use them.The staff went out of their way to make our stay as joyful as possible. They recommended different local restaurants( all of which were fantastic), local markets and interesting streets to visit.The experience was more like staying at some one's fantastic home in the centre of Paris than a large impersonal hotel.If you don't mind not having the trappings of a 5* hotel like 24 hours room service but just want a really fantastic place run by fantastic people this is the place for you!  
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>MrsCityBreak
<Content>wonderful hotel-wouldn't hesitate to recommend it We agree with the many other excellent reviews JAYS has received. We stayed at JAYS for three nights in June, to celebrate my 40th birthday. We wanted to stay in a luxurious stylish hotel, and yet take our two young daughters with us (aged 7  8). We wanted to avoid the 'sofabed in the room' scenario, too often offered to families.JAYS did not disappoint, and we were offered two suites, with an adjoining door, which suited us perfectly. Both rooms were spacious and clean with beautiful decor.We were very impressed with the service received from JAYS staff. They were prompt in answering our e-mail queries before our stay, and were very helpful in booking a table at a very nice restaurant for us. We were made to feel that nothing would be too much trouble to help us with.In particular, we were not made to feel at any way unwelcome by bringing children to the hotel. Although we know that our children can behave when requested, not all hotels seem to welcome them as paying guests. JAYS were very welcoming to us all. We would not hesitate in staying at JAYS again when we next visit Paris. The location is great too.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Lyntony
<Content>what a find Bright, very clean, LARGE and incredibly comfy rooms.Fabulous and friendly staff.Superbly postioned between the Etoile and the Eiffel towerThis is a small intimate hotel is a real gem.Very Sixteenth.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TammyAussie
<Content>Has to be the best, From the moment I booked jays over the internet I received first class service,they got back to me promply regarding questions I had,when we arrived the rooms were ready and so beautiful and clean Patricia and Judy were so helpful nothing was aproblem and they gave us so much information they were a bundle of knowledge on Paris I will be letting all my friends know about this great place  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>neb
<Content>Amazing Brilliant place. Agree with all other reviews. Highly recommend it. Very close to Arc de Triomph. Lots of great restaurants and shopping nearby. Get all of the conveniences of a LARGE room, without paying for the typical hotel services that you never really need or use.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	3	3	5	

<Author>hazzamataz
<Content>What a place to stay! What a great hotel lthis is. It is modern and close to a plethora or fine dining, shopping and sites. The room we stayed in had magnificiently high ceilings and great design. The bathrooms are truly invigorating and everything was clean and comfortable. The street it is on is quiet but close to one of 3 metro stops. very easy to get to and from. Could not have asked for anything more. The staff were freindly and spoke english fluently and were also very helpful with ideas and directions to help plan the days and nights activities. There is even a selection of DVDs if you feel like a night in. But it is Paris so that is unlikely!  
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Contessa
<Content>A comfortable pied a terre We have just come back from a 4 night at Jays. We found our room Provence on the top floor to be both comfortable and quiet as well as attractive. It is a large airy room but somehow lacked a little in atmosphere.It was very nicely appointed with some thoughtful touches including 2 bed side clocks, lovely linens and lights you control with a hand set!Unfortunately the beautiful flowers in all the rooms were in need of replacing when we arrived and stayed that way until I asked for them to be removed from our room. There was a small kitchenette in a concealed cupboard and use of a full kitchen and sitting area in the Salon, a separate room on the top floor.Our bathroom was large and also well appointed but the steep bath tub might be difficult for some people to access without a handgrip but we enjoyed the luxury of it.The lighting in the bathroom was excellent although the big white towels were not quite fluffy but robes and slippers were supplied.English toiletries were supplied in abundance including many nice touches like lingerie wash, a shaving kit and emergency toothbrush sets !Jays is not for people looking for a true Parisian experience as it is run by people from the UK but it is in a very Parisian area just off Place Victo Hugo which we enjoyed immensely as most people in the bars, cafes and restaurants were Parisian.We found the area to be safe and convenient for getting around Paris. Car parking is provided at a very modest cost of 15 euros a night should you want an excursion.I agree that it is not a boutique hotel more a luxe bed and breakfast  with self catering facilities. Breakfast is extra at a costly 40 euros a couple.When the owners are not present service becomes erratic and ineffective but the service we received when they were present contributed much to the pleasure of our stay.I feel Jays lacks an identity problem, it is not quite sure what it is but when they decide it should be high on your list of considering as a base in Paris.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>annie-lou1
<Content>Gorgeous hotel in the heart of Paris. To say that i enjoyed my time at Jays is an understatement! What a fantastic location; Jay's is right in the heart of Paris and walking distance to all the lovely French cafe's and sights.The rooms were absolutely gorgeous; tastefully decorated and so comfortable.I will be recommending Jays to all of my friends.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelingchairman
<Content>Fabulous home in Paris I stayed at Jays for four days in May following the many recommendations that this was one of Paris's top boutique hotels. It is truly unique for Paris and more than met my expectations. I was given an extremely spacious classical room with a beautiful modern bathroom and with cooking facilities. The room was spotless. I love Jay's bedding. I wanted to take the bed home with me. The staff all spoke English and were extremely helpful and friendly. After two bad nights at another hotel, Jays was like heaven for me. I don't like the grand impersonal 5 star Paris hotels and this is a place that makes you feel you have your very own private place in central Paris with caring staff looking out for you when you need it.I will definitely return.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bryanCalifornia
<Content>extraordinary i have never contributed, but love using trip advisor, so after reading the recently posted negative review of the jay's where we have stayed for two weeks, one week on the way to africa and one week on the way back i felt compelled to set the record straight! if you want room service, a bar scene, elevator or a big hotel, the jays is not for you. if you want a suite twice the size of virtually any room in paris that is immaculate, includes a kitchen, and most important is incredibly quiet in a very noisy city choose the jays. we have stayed at many hotels in europe, and always struggle with small rooms which feel claustrophobic, i have payed twice the price to stay at places like the four seasons, or the ritz only to get a room half the size at twice the price, and am always having to deal with cig smoke. the jays is a boutique oasis, on a quiet street which we will be back to each and every time we come to paris because it is truly special. there are no stains on the carpets and our dishes were cleaned each and every day. in addition to the kitchen in your room there is a large common kitchen downstairs with TV and shower room, just in case you can't sleep and don't want to wake your spouse in the middle of the night. There is absolutely nothing negative about the place, unless you want a big hotel which is thankfully it is not. the location is perfect, a few blocks to the arc triomphe, trocadero, and every other site in paris, and best of all the staff treats you like part of the family. it really can't get any better in paris!  
<Date>Jun 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ShameTheDevil
<Content>Cute but not worth all the hype... I booked this strictly off the reviews of Trip Advisor and I was a little disappointed. To read about it here, it is the best thing ever. To be listed in the top 6 hotels in Paris, well you should be able to expect lots. It fell short in a few ways. But, first I would like to talk about The positives鈥?br/>It is a beautiful space, tastefully decorated with spacious modern rooms. The staff was very friendly and tried to help in any way that they could. It is on a quiet street, close to trains, if you don鈥檛 mind taking them.The negatives鈥?br/>I know that this is my pet peeve, but I can鈥檛 stand stains on the carpet. The room had a very light, cream colored carpet that had several big dark stains in a few places. One of the reasons I stay in expensive hotels is to avoid stains on the carpets and furniture. The room was pretty clean but not the perfection you would expect to read here. Little things like the full length mirror near the toilet had splatter marks on it when we checked in. Silver nick-nacks are a nice touch but not if they are very tarnished, maybe never polished. Get rid of them or keep them clean. I know I鈥檓 picky but when I鈥檓 paying over $500 USD a night I think I get to be.Also, the kitchenette is very convenient. We had wine and strawberry our first of 3 nights. Housekeeping left the dirty dishes in the sink for the remainder of our stay. There was no soap of cleaning supplies there so I could not have cleaned them myself if I had wanted too.There was never any mention of the fact that there is no elevator in the hotel, no on the website or during booking. That would be good to know before you book. People with disabilities would not be able use this hotel. And honestly, after 3 long days of walking around Paris, the last thing I wanted to do and the end of the day was climb 3 flights of stairs.This is a small hotel and in the evenings and early mornings there is only one person there to handle everything. There was some time early Sunday morning that we needed something and there was no one working, or at the front or managing the hotel at all until later in the morning.It would be better to list Jays as a BB because it felt more like one. Then all the charm would be the selling point and the lack of service would be more expected.  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>CyproMike
<Content>Magnifique Took my partner to Paris in May for 4 nights for her birthday and was lucky enough to choose Jays (Le Duo suite). It was superb. Judy and staff could not be more helpful. Amongst helping on other things, they chose Le Don Juan dinner cruise on the Seine for us - although more expensive it was intimate, food excellent - great choice). They CARE about you getting what you want. The room was beautiful, clean (although a little noisy as it was on the roadside). But nothing can take anything away from this chique hotel, close to Trocadero (opp E Tower) and Champs Elysee. Kleibert Metro round the corner takes you quickly to Pont Neuf, Orsee, Louvre etc. Great!  
<Date>May 26, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>richskye
<Content>A jewel in the heart of Paris! My wife and I stayed at Jay's Paris for 1 week in April 2007. We chose this hotel based on all the positive reviews on this site. Everything about Jay's was perfect. We stayed in the Louis Suite and it was more than spacious, clean and well appointed. The bed was a King and the bedding was crisp and clean. The bathroom had a nice deep tub too. The neighbourhood was ideal as well and within easy walking distance of all the sights. The 16th Arrondisement is quiet and much less touristy and more like the real Paris. The owner Judy and her team were an absolute pleasure to deal with and they always went the extra mile. Having stayed in top 5-Star hotels like the Ritz etc we can honestly say that this is so much more intimate, personalised and spacious. Don't waste any more time trying to find a great place to stay in Paris - this is THE one! Richard and Skye.  
<Date>May 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>watsonfargie
<Content>the place to stay I have just returned from a week in Paris with my husband and two teenage sons. Jays was everything we expected and more. Our accomodation was huge. We booked our rooms with Patricia at jays who lisitened to our needs and gave us excellent help in choosing . Our suite the Provence was huge with all the facilities we would need. Large plasma screen TV, small discreetly hidden fridge, microwave, sink and hot plate.Everthing one would need for that early morning breakfast or late night snack. Our bathroom was spotless and believe me I'm really hard to please when it comes to cleaniness. Our two sons had an ajoining suite which was also very large with all facilities. They loved the large plasma and chose some DVD's from the large collection at the reception. Everyone at Jays was so helpful yet were'nt on top of you. The surrounding area was lovely and very safe. We felt as if we had our own luxury apartment in the centre of Paris. When we return to Paris we will definetely stay at Jays.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TheNewMrsMcNeill
<Content>Honeymoon Heaven! We first stayed at Jays before Christmas last year and recently returned to spend a couple of nights there on our honeymoon. On both occasions the service provided by the staff was second to none. The room (Louis XVI) was elegant and spacious and had all the gadgets (remote control lighting etc.) that you could ever wish for! A big thank-you to Patricia for her excellent restaurant recommendations and for making both of our stays truly special. We hope to be back very soon!  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Erpp
<Content>Great Choice!   showReview(6852123, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Pickyworldtraveller
<Content>Finally - the perfect hotel in Paris!   showReview(6748066, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>stoke18
<Content>Lovely hotel   showReview(6724519, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Allen-TRIP
<Content>There are not enough words   showReview(6541204, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sophistravel
<Content>Classy 5-Star Stunner   showReview(6449151, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tj_traveller1
<Content>oasis in paris   showReview(6340105, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 6, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Rakino
<Content>What a Find   showReview(6141433, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

