<Author>MRSBU617
<Content>So happy we had our wedding here! My husband and I had our wedding reception at the Doubletree in August 2007. We lived in the area for years, but had never considered having our reception there despite its proximity to our ceremony location. But then my husband was doing some searching online and found the website. We visited once and booked it right away!Kimberly Findley was our wedding coordinator for a large part of the planning process. The previous wedding coordinator, whom we loved, left about 5 months before our wedding. We were TERRIFIED that everything we had worked out would be lost when someone new came. The catering manager met with us privately to ensure that that would not happen. And he was right! Kimberly was fantastic to work with, honoring every single detail that we had previously established.The hotel was wonderful to work with when planning our room block. When more guests decided to book there than we had initially expected, they contacted US to ask if we would like more rooms blocked for our wedding guests. That initiative was greatly appreciated! Our family absolutely LOVED staying there. They talk frequently about going back for our 5 year anniversary to have a reunion. Everyone's rooms were ready when they arrived. My 2 floor suite was AMAZING! Such a wonderful place to get ready for a wedding.The day of the wedding, the staff at the hotel could not have been more helpful. Even the front desk staff knew about our wedding, addressing us by name whenever saw us! They literally took care of everything! I can't say it any better than that. Our reception was WONDERFUL! Great food, served hot, great bar and wait staff!I cannot imagine having celebrated our wedding reception anywhere else!  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>browneyedblues
<Content>The Doubletree didn't disappoint. For our first venture into Boston, my boyfriend and I chose the Doubletree Guest Suites because we loved the idea of being on the Charles Esplanade, and we figured it wasn't far from all the hot spots.We were sort of right. This Doubletree is closer to Harvard than anything else. Harvard's campus is beautiful, especially in the fall when we visited, but it's a pretty far walk to anything else in the area. If you're looking to experience the actual city of Boston, I'd recommend staying elsewhere.The best thing about this Doubletree, in my opinion, is the complimentary shuttle that goes to various points around Boston. A taxi isn't expensive by any means (we never paid more than $15 to get to and from downtown, Back Bay, and southie), but it's really nice to not have to drive (because Boston traffic was pretty terrible!).When we first checked in, the girl at the desk didn't really seem like she wanted to be there (and didn't care if WE were there, either). Other than this first forgettable encounter, the rest of the staff was really helpful with arranging reservations, taxis, etc. Lots of kudos to the concierge.The rooms are just beautiful - if you can get one with a view of the river, by all means do it! The beds are typical, wonderful Doubletree beds, and the bathrooms are pretty spacious. Absolutely no complains about the status of the room whatsoever.We didn't make it to the jazz club inside because we forgot to make advance reservations, and we overslept the breakfast buffet a couple times. The menus look intriguing though, so we'll probably get to them next time we're in town.It was a good stay overall. Not spectacular, but we would probably go back - as long as we're headed for Harvard.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	2	5	3	4	4	

<Author>Newenglandhome
<Content>Great value Booked this hotel on Priceline for $81.00 a night! The bonus here is the FREE SHUTTLE! Service to Boston Common/Copley Square/Harvard Square/Aquarium. This eliminates the need for the T.Our view overlooked the Charles River directly below and Harvard/MIT.Please note this is not a hotel within walking distance of anything. Take the Shuttle!Rooms were spotless and spacious. Refrig, microwave nice additions.We had a broken remote for the TV and had a replacement in less than 5 minutes!! SUPERIOR SERVICE!! Scullers Jazz Club located within the hotel as well.Parking an additional $25.00 per day. You can keep you vehicle in their lot til 4:30pm the next day without any extra fee as well.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gulig
<Content>Good Hotel for families and business We booked one night at the double tree through Priceline and the second night using rewards. Since we have two young girls, the size of the room was a big plus. The service was great, everyone was friendly and professional. Would return.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cjbutton
<Content>Great for business...and I'll come back with my wife I came for business, and this hotel handled my needs masterfully. We were greeted at the door, and all of the arrangements were handled in an efficient and in very friendly manner. I'll be returning to Boston for a personal visit with my wife and this is where we'll stay. My room had a beautiful view of the rowers on the river at sunrise - what a beautiful way to start the day. My room was large, comfortable and quiet and for the evening, there was a great lounge to relax and unwind in downstairs. The wireless worked great, and I was easily able to print my boarding passes at the business center. I'll definitely come back.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>webstermom
<Content>Can't wait to go back! Spent two nights and three days at the Doubletree Guest Suites in Boston recently and wish we could have stayed longer! Our family of four spread out in the roomy suite, which was equipped with flat screen TVs, a small fridge, microwave and the most comfortable bed I've ever slept in. The staff was so personable, polite, pleasant and professional that nothing we did -- like lock ourselves out of the room right after checking in; call down for a forgotten toothbrush, and make last-minute reservations for a shuttle ride to Harvard Square -- seemed to phase any of them. After the first night, they even greeted us by name (maybe they felt bad about our mishaps). We managed to fit in so much more sightseeing and shopping thanks to the hotel's fabulous location, and convenient (free!) shuttle service to both downtown Boston and Harvard Square. After my husband and oldest son left to see the Celtics play in the Boston Garden, my younger son and I decided to go on a date for hot chocolate in Harvard Square.Even though we only had to wait a few minutes for the shuttle, the front desk clerk was sweet enough to give my 7-year-old a fresh-from-the-oven chocolate chip cookie to enjoy in the beautiful, boutique-y lobby, which looks like it's recently been updated, as do the two restaurants. Several of us enjoyed an evening swim in the toasty indoor pool and the buffet breakfast with made-to-order omelets and waffles was worth every penny.Hope to catch a show at Scullers Jazz Club next time we visit the hotel since there will definitely be a next time.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cityrunner
<Content>Decent hotel, good facilities and big rooms       lounge/tv room  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	3	4	4	3	

<Author>BizRoadWarrior
<Content>Pleasant Stay       Living Room  
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	3	4	4	4	

<Author>NIKOKA
<Content>First-Rate Service I frequently pass through Boston and stay at this Doubletree every time. The service is consistently excellent, the staff always welcoming and professional. The recent renovations in the lobby, the restaurant and the fitness center were executed in a commendable fashion and resulted in a superior lodging experience.Staying at this property always makes my business travel much more pleasurable, and my family always looks forward to our leisure stays here as well.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Princess_Crankypants
<Content>Lovely room, great staff We got a great deal on Priceline, it's a little off the beaten track, but for a few nights its great. There is a free shuttle to and from various places around the city.The rooms are great, plenty of room, after New York it's a mansion!The staff are friendly and helpful. Erica on the front desk went out of her way to find us some information about a few sights we wanted to see in the morning.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jiggs8
<Content>A Place for Our Reunion For the past five years, my college girlfriends and I have stayed at the Doubletree the weekend after Thanksgiving. It is our annual trek to Boston and we wouldn't go anywhere else. The accomodations are great...very clean and comfy. The staff are polite and most helpful and the food is great. The location is terrific as it's a quick taxi ride to Boston and a stone's throw to Harvard Square. I give the Doubletree excellent marks and will continue to come back for our reunions for years to come.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>monini1
<Content>Always a great experience!! Enjoyed another great weekend at the Doubletree in Boston. I've stayed there 3 times in the past 2 years since my family stayed there in Aug 2006 to celebrate my parents 50th wedding anniversary. My parents anniversary weekend was wonderful in large part to the hotel's friendly staff and their thoughtful suggestions for activities that would appeal to the different groups within our large party and for spot-on recommendations for resturants, a church where my parents could renew their vows ( The cathedral in the Southend and the priest that performed the ceremony --both names escape me now-- were perfect) and a local spa for my dad and brothers to wile away the hours while the ladies shopped. Each time I stay there I am impressed with how spacious and clean the rooms are and I am blown away by the incredible views of the city and the Charles River ---At night it's quite romantic. I could go on and on....great location, easy parking, the hotel's resturant where I've enjoyed wonderful brunches, it's cozy jazz club with big time entertainers and the incredible staff make this a great place to stay in Beantown!!!! And the price ain't bad either...paid just 199/night for my room on this last trip.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jesssince83
<Content>spacious room, but a little off the beaten path We stayed here for two nights, at a great rate of $120/night thanks to Priceline. The hotel is a little off the beaten path - in a no-man's land between Boston and Cambridge. The hotel and the staff, however, make up for the location's shortcomings. A complimentary shuttle is available, though we just walked to the Cambridge T stop or took cabs. The room itself was wonderful. The first room had a dining room table, a sofa and a club chair, and a large flat-screen tv. The walkway to the bedroom had a mini-fridge and coffee pot. Bedroom had a great view of the Charles River.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	3	4	5	4	4	

<Author>VTTraveler57
<Content>Just Lovely My husband and I drove from Vermont to see a Red Sox game, and spent one night at the Doubletree Guest Suites. We booked the room on Priceline and were pleased at getting such a good rate. When we arrived at the hotel and went up to our room, we found a beautiful 2-room suite with TWIN BEDS in the bedroom. Priceline had given us no indication of this, of course. Well, this wasn't what we had in mind. I called the front desk, and a very pleasant young man listened to my story. He could not have been more helpful. I've seen that with Priceline reservations, people don't know what type of room they're bidding on. You'll want a different room, of course... let me see what I can find for you... I have a room with a king bed on the 6th floor. Would that be all right? Goodness, yes, I replied; what will the extra charge be? Oh, no extra charge, ma'am, we're happy to accommodate you. Rarely do I see this level of service when I travel. What a pleasure! The hotel itself is beautiful, with a center atrium, 14 floors, glass elevators... beautiful views from the room of rowers sculling on the Charles River in the morning. The hotel's shuttle brought us to within a 15-minute walk of Fenway Park, which was very helpful. The suite itself was roomy, spotless, with plenty of room to sleep, work, relax, snack. Big screen TV in living area, second TV in bedroom. Mini fridge, microwave and coffee maker were very welcome. My ONLY quibble with this hotel, and many others -- in this day and internet age, it's silly to charge ($10/day?) for high-speed internet. It would be like charging for telephone or TV 30 years ago. Lesser hotels all over the country offer internet/WiFi for free; it's time for the Doubletree (and the Boston Four Seasons, for heaven's sake) to do the same. In any case, this hotel would make a wonderful base from which to explore Boston.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>bear2Maine
<Content>Best sleep ever! Just spent 2 nights at the Doubletree guest suites in Boston. Great place! highly recommend it to anyone traveling to Boston. The location is perfectly located just off the Mass Pike for easy access with the Charles River on the other side. Enjoyed watching the scullers from my rooms large window overlooking the river. The hotel looks as though it has been completely renovated. Everything is very modern and up to date from furnishings to art to very elegant glass elevators. I had dinner both nights in the bar area where they offered a full menu and a comfortable place to watch the game. I highly recommend the steak and definitely don't leave without trying the calamari. It's the best I have ever had! Finished watching the game on the new flat screen TV in HD back at the room. Rarely do I sleep threw the night but those two night I did. Very comfortable bed with some sort of pillowing under the sheets. Very nice!  
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hartfordtraveler5
<Content>The Doubletree is great! The Doubletree is in a fabulous location and is VERY easy to get to from the Mass Pike. It is within walking distance to much of Boston. The rooms are clean and spacious with a great view of the Charles River. When traveling with my family it is great to have a suite as we all fit in very nicely. I appreciate the cleanliness of the rooms and the curteous staff, but my kids would tell you the best thing are the warm chocolate chip cookies you get when first checking in!  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>world_in_my_eyes
<Content>Great Value at the Doubletree Suites I stayed at the Doubletree for one night and was very satisfied with the experience. We got a great rate thru Priceline.com so that made it even better. Our room was on an 'executive' floor so I'm not sure what the difference was. Upon entry, you are in the 'living' area which had a pull out bed and a good size flat screen TV. The bathroom was average but featured Neutrogena products and good fluffy towels. The bedroom had a king size bed that was very comfortable with many pillows and nice quality bed linens. The bedroom had a smaller TV. Our room looked out over the Charles River. The room was very clean and bright, with new modern furnishings. The location was excellent for driving in from the airport, very easy to access from the highway. Also, the garage and valet allowed in-and-out parking for one rate. The hotel is a bit removed from the 'action' of Boston, and since we were only there for one night we did not use the shuttle service. Our walk to Harvard Square took about 25 minutes. We had a drink in the sports bar, but otherwise did not dine or use any of the hotels other amenities. I was very happy with the room considering I got what I feel to be a bargain ($98 per night including tax). My stay the previous week in Boston at another hotel was double the price and the room was tiny! Overall, I think the Doubletree is an excellent quality hotel and would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>timpops
<Content>Double Tree: What a versitle property: Three amazing experiences! I am a meeting planner from NY and recently held three seperate events at the Double Tree Cambridge: A meeting for 20, a bachelor party for 25 and a conference with over 60! All functions went splendidly well and I would recommend the hotel to anyone: familys, large groups and even Bachelor Parties.The Double Tree Cambridge, (located in Cambridge obviousely hence the name) and has beautiful views of Harvard and the Charles River. I saw a review where someone wrote the property was isolated- I have no idea why that was written because the hotel is just across the small bridge from shops and restaurants and even provides a free shuttle service to/from atttractions across the city. It seems centrally located to me. Oh, and btw- its an 8 minute ride to Logan airport (do not stay at the airport, YIKES).The property is beautifully maintained and was recently renovated with a modern feel. On the top floor of the hotel are bi-level suites; the space and the views are incredible. The room features floor to ceiling windows (20 feet high) with 2 bathrooms, a kitchen and a loft bedroom. How can you go wrong. The hotel also has other great features: Free business center, full-service restaurant and seperate bar, the world famous Schullers Jazz Club and large meetings spaces for weddings, family reunions and large conferences. The hotel can also host small meeting like mine (15 people) where you are given the same attention as a conference of 200. I would highly recommend this property to anyone- for a weekend getaway or a week long event like mine. The Double Tree became my home away from home and I honestly cannot wait to return for another visiting in the near future.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DavidVermont
<Content>Great Family Stay Love staying at the Doubletree when we come down with the family, perfect in so many ways. It's just off the highway and so easy to find, and we can park right at the hotel so easy to get our bags in and out and access the car if we need to use it. Mostly we use the free shuttle buses or taxi if we need to. The location next to the river is incredible for the views and a bit of morning excercise and the staff is so freindly and helpful. Everyone loves the breakfast buffet, the cookies at checkin, the adjoining rooms with mini fridge and sink, and wireless. On several occasions we have left the kids in the room with a movie after dinner out and my wife and I were able to catch a jazz show downstairs. Other times when we were too tired to go out we all had dinner at the hotel restaurant which was surprisingly good, even when we tried room service. As anyone with a family knows, easy is the key word, and the Doubletree certainly makes it easy.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bearmomSeattle
<Content>Couldn't pay me to stay at Doubletree, Allston One morning we saw a continental breakfast (which seems to be common at most places we've stayed the last few years) set up in the common area where they send you to get internet connectivity. We saw several other guests grab a bite and continue on their way, so figured we had time for a bagel.Numerous hotel staff passed by and said nothing. Finally one little guy came up to us yelling This is set up for a meeting group, we don't want to see you here! GO! Put down the rest of the bagel and LEAVE! We had seen no group, only other hotel guests, and were so embarrassed, and asked if we could just pay for the bagels as it was a misunderstanding, and he just kept yelling you go!At first we were just embarrassed by the misunderstanding, but after seeing how believably rude the employee was, we got angrier and angrier. They should have put up a sign or somehow indicated it was for a specific group, since many hotel guests were making the same mistake, but only we we were yelled at you need to leave! over and over. It was humiliating, and all over a stupid bagel.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	2	3	3	-1	1	

<Author>Patsje
<Content>Great for traveling with small kids!       View from our bedroom  
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jmcmeetings
<Content>Meeting Planner Percpective As a meeting planner, I have the opportunity to view and expereince many hotels but as I recently toured some properties in Boston I was pleasantly surprised at a great hotel located on the Charles River and conveniently located right off off the Mass Pike...The Double Tree Guest Suites-Boston/Cambridge. The Hotel's Decor and spacious Guest rooms were a fubulous blend of Modern yet warm and welcoming atmosphere. The views of the Charles River and the City Sky Line were a great treat to look out at vs. a downtown hotel which you are just looking across at a big building! I had the opportunity to have dinner and catch a Jazz show while there and I was so impressed with the venue, I've already recommended it to many friends and cleints in the area (parking is free if you have dinner!). The Staff and service were great and the Dinner--out of this world-a great surprise  treat for a hotel! If your in Boston and looking for a Hotel that provides great extra space (Suites) for comprable pricing to a basic room Downtown, offeres a great dining and entertainment experience right on property, then One should look no further than the DTGS! As a meeting planner, the meeting space they offer is very user friendly, decorated nicely and many offer windows for natural lighting. They also offer shuttle service to Downtown and Harvard Sq. which is key for many of my cleints so they do not need to try and get around Boston on their own.I would recommend the DTGS again  again to my clients and look forward to returning in the future myself.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	-1	4	4	

<Author>SasquatchPasayten
<Content>Perfect for a family We stay at the Doubletree every time we go to Boston. I love to get up in the morning and run alongside the Charles and the rowers, which we can see from the rooms. The kids like the warm cookies at check-in. (Okay, we like them too). The newly renovated rooms are perfect for a family, the beds are comfortable, and the linens nice. Although the hotel is a quick ride from the airport, and the shuttle service to downtown locations is very conveniet, it is a particularly good place to stay with a car because of the easy parking at the hotel garage. (Note: the hotel is bound by busy arterials, but a pleasant walk along the river on the Cambridge side puts you in the pedestrian-friendly vicinity of Harvard Square).  We have had nothing but good experiences at the Doubletree with its friendly staff. The concierge always has great restaurant recommendations and has dinner reservations ready for us when we arrive. In the morning we like to have a hearty breakfast at the hotel, and then we are off. We enjoy the family-friendly and pet-friendly feel of the hotel.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>SFGuy35
<Content>Doubletree: Good But A Little Isolated I stayed at the Doubletree Boston (Allston) in September, 2008, and found it to be a well-kept, well-equipped facility, especially for a Hotwire rate of under $100. However, its isolation makes it a challenge.The hotel itself was nicer than I expected, with a renovated lobby and a respected local jazz club in the atrium. The small gym was surprisingly well-equipped and just down the hall were two coin-operated washers and dryers--a great idea. Great little salt-water pool and hot tub. Room service menu was extensive and available until 3 am, and the breakfast buffet, while a little pricey at $17, was good. The Hotwire rate is pretty good for expensive Boston, but Hotwire customers may be a little surprised with what they get -- my room, while well-appointed, was the smallest one on the floor, barely half the size of the other suite style rooms. Doubletree are being a little sneaky, giving Hotwire customers the runts of the litter. Thankfully it didn't matter to me as a single traveler, but a couple might find it a bit cramped. While the hotel's location next to the Charles River across from Cambridge makes for lovely views of the river (if you're lucky), it's extremely isolated. Across the river you'll find a Whole Foods and a Rite Aid, and jogging/biking trails line the river, but car-free travelers will have to buck up and learn the bus route to the Red Line, because there is nothing, and I mean nothing, within walking distance, other than some sort of train depot and a Harvard lab building, and lots of multi-lane roads. However, hotels in Boston are crazy expensive, and a budget traveler looking for amenities over location can't do much better -- anything in the price range will be a sketchy BB or something.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	5	3	3	4	

<Author>goodrzy
<Content>Frequent Visitors to the Doubletree We've been staying at the Doubletree at least twice a year for several years, now, and have nothing but good things to say about the hotel. The one time that I was unhappy with a particular staff member, I e-mailed the hotel manager and received a call back from him within an hour.Comments regarding the hotel location are misleading. The hotel is really a stone's throw from a beautiful walk along the Charles. My husband and I enjoy walking into Harvard Square and back at night. We've never been bothered by the location. Our experiences with the shuttle have always been positive, too.On our last visit we decided at the last minute to take the shuttle. When we asked at the desk, it had already left, but the concierge called the driver to come back for us (and we had not made a reservation in advance).Parking is expensive, but this is Boston. You do have unlimited in and out. Hotel breakfast is expensive, but there is coffee available in the lobby in the morning, so you can tank up and go breakfast elsewhere.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>pepsiNy
<Content>Outstanding Hotel!!! I have stayed at this hotel many times over the past few years, and its consistantly outstanding. They recently renovated and now its even more outstanding. The lobby feels like a boutique hotel. The restaurant looks amazing..and as usual the food and the service are wonderful.The staff is excellent. Everyone is friendly and professional, always polite and looking to assist the guests. I ocassionally bring my children to the hotel and they too are always very happy with our stays...additionally the staff goes out of their way to make the kids feel welcome, and special. I highly recommend this hotel to both the busniess and leisure traveler. Its rare that a hotel can serve both well, but this Doubletree really does double duty!Go and stay, you will NOT be sorry!  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jolijowino
<Content>Love the view Had recent three-night stay for Boston sight-seeing and a Red Sox game. Enjoyed the view of Cambridge and Charles River. A hearty breakfast in the am and off for the day -- parking appreciated! The pool was great, particularly for the kids after a day of walking. We didn't see a show at Sculler's (Jazz Club in hotel), but have done so on a previous visit - Harry Connick Jr.The lobby was spacious and inviting, ample space to relax; restaurants and bar good food and drink. Rooms large, beds VERY comfortable, TV, internet, etc. Staff friendly -- complimentary cookies!!Love the hotel! Highly recommend it for families visiting Boston.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Harry08Halifax_NS
<Content>August in Boston I spent 4 nights at the hotel along with our pet dog a little Lhasa Apso. Over all the experience was quite positive. The check in and checkout were both effortless. We advised the hotel that we would be travelling with our little dog and they did not seem to mind at all. We did see 2 other families with medium sized dogs at the hotel while we were there.The room was clean and well presented, the airconditioning worked well, the daily room service clean up was quick and efficient. We did not try the hotel restaurant or the bar as we were quiet literaly spoilt for choice once you left the hotel premises. Downtown Cambridge was not too far away and you could walk to most of the places and take your pick of several ethnic restaurants.We found the shuttle service a bit - iffy on perhaps the only time we planned to use it, however we did not have any trouble driving around in Boston . All you need is a good GPS and a plan of which direction you are heading in. Mind you - you do loose the GPS signal while driving through the tunnels in the city - so be warned. Parking at the hotel lot by yourself is $25.00 per day and its no biggie - go for the top most level you will usually find a spot there.Finding parking in the city was no problem either - if you are willing to walk for say 7 to 10 minutes to a parking lot you can then find parking for $15.00 per day downtown close to the norh end - which is not bad at all. Parking in the inner city parking lots can be steep though- appx $35.00 for the day.There is a good grocery store appx a 5 minute drive from the hotel just across the bridge called 'Whole Foods' along with a pharmacy in the same zone. 2 gas stations just outside the hotel, so you should not have any problems filling up.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>EssexBetty64
<Content>Suited our purpose. We stayed at the Doubletree Suites for three nights Friday to Monday. As a family of four (2 teenages 17 and 14) the suite was perfect. My husband and I slept on the pull out sofa which was very comfortable and kingsize. American hotels obviously don't expect you to eat in the room though they supply fridge but I did know this and took my own plastic plates for cereals etc but had to plead for cutlery. The hotel is bit far from the tourist drag but I knew this after reading other reviews. We got taxis and spent about 拢100 over the weekend but this included our returned trip to the airport. I cannot fault this hotel for cleanliness and value for money.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>debs0712
<Content>Enjoyed this hotel My husband and I went to Boston to see a jazz show at Sculler's Jazz Club. The jazz club is located in this hotel so we decided to stay there. We arrived around 1pm and our room was not ready but they held our luggage and we had lunch in the restaurant. The suite was on the 8th floor and was very well laid out and we enjoyed it. There is a separate bedroom and living/dining room and they are separated by the bathroom and fridge/microwave area. All the suites look out on to the center atrium area and it is a bit noisy but not enough to disturb your sleep. The jazz shows were excellent and we bought the dinner and show package for one of the shows and it was a good value. It was a 3 course meal with an excellent choice for dinner and then great seats for the show.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Sunkissed_Jan
<Content>Doubletree Boston is closer to Cambridge This is a lovely hotel, across the river from Cambridge. The concierge staff was very enthusiastic about making dinner recommendations and reservations for us during Restaurant Week and answering all our direction questions, even when we called from off site. On the other hand, several of the front desk personnel were less than informative and lacked a hospitable attitude.The location is isolated, however, right next to Route 90. You must take the free quick hotel shuttles to the set locations, Aquarium, Copley Square, Harvard Square; walk about a mile to the T, take a taxi or drive into Boston. We enjoyed excellent weather and were good walkers, but it is a factor for future visits. Despite the free chocolate chip cookies on check in, I did feel nickel and dimed, parking was $25/day, $10/day in room internet, $5 each Showtime program. My teenage son refused to buy soda there, it was $1.50. We did not have breakfast or any meals there, again due to the prices, $16.00 for a hot breakfast buffet. We did fine stocking up at the Whole Foods and Trader Joe's across the bridge, using the in room refrigerator and microwave. Excellent coffees and teas were supplied (free). We requested and received a river view room. The bedroom had 2 twin beds, which was okay. The living room couch opened to a fairly comfortable double bed. The decor was excellent, although I could have used a mirror in the bedroom. The HDTV in the living room had a GameBoy controller. The room was very clean, except near the refrigerator. The pool was on the small side, but enjoyed by the young set. The hot tub was fine. Apparently the sauna has not worked for a long time, but it is still on the hotel web site.For the $185/nite I paid (AAA rate) plus parking, plus tax, I felt the hotel was market-appropriate. I needed a suite layout and chose this hotel, despite the location, because of the shuttle and did not mind the proximity to Cambridge. Check out the shuttle schedule- it does not make its hourly runs at 4 or 5 in the afternoon and stops fairly early in the evening.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>4	3	2	2	4	3	4	2	

<Author>Droopydrawrs52
<Content>Amazing views and Jazz Club We spent 3 nights in the above.Our room was very large with a bedroom and lounge.It would of slept 4 people .The views over the River Charles were wonderful .The staff first rate and helpful for such a large hotel.Scullers jazz club was located in the hotel and is a great place to hear live jazz at a reasonable price  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>leisaens
<Content>Miserable choice! This was a disapointment from the moment we stepped into the lobby. Between the dirty carpet and the pungent smell of chlorine in the lobby, it didn't begin well at all. Our room was nicely laid out, but once again - not clean! There was black hair in the tub and on the bathroom floor. When we asked for an additional set of towels and an extra blanket, it took 2.5 hours and three requests, including a trip to the front desk to get it done. The shuttle service was not available all day long: there is no availability between 11:00 am and 3:00 pm! We used it once, but the second time it came late and then took off without even checking to see if everyone knew it had finally arrived and took off without us! So, if you want an unclean hotel with poor customer service, that is located between a chemical plant, a train yard and a freeway onramp, this is the choice for you!  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>1	2	2	1	1	1	2	1	

<Author>mooshai
<Content>Very mixed review Stayed here for one night in July 2008. Very mixed view. The rooms are great, and if you have one with a river view, even better. But the common areas are dated, worn, and in need of upgrading. On-site lounge, allegedly voted Boston's best jazz club, was shut down before 11;30 at night.  Also, the neighborhood is horrible. You are right off the highway, but there is no area to walk around in. Bordered on the expressway on one side, railroad tracks on another, an intersection, and an industrial park. So, you can't walk around outside the perimeter fence.  The property definitely serves a purpose, but you could probably do better. Good value, sure, but I'm not itching to return.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	1	4	4	3	4	

<Author>Button75
<Content>Miserable Service My wife and I traveled to Boston to help our son get settled prior to starting his graduate program at Harvard, and we stayed at the Doubletree Guest Suites from July 21 through 25. We selected this property because of its relative proximity to Harvard taking into consideration what other posters on this site have cited about its isolation. We thought that the hotel鈥檚 shuttle to/from Harvard Square would offset this disadvantage. Certainly one of the hotel鈥檚 assets is its view of the Charles River. Ours was a bi-level suite on the top floor facing the river. We never tired of watching the sculls glide past. This positive, however, could not possibly overcome the host of negatives we encountered with service.It began the moment we arrived with the frosty reception at the front desk. We should have known what was to come when we were greeted more as interlopers than guests. Other dealings with the front desk during our stay were equally borderline rude.Our breakfasts, though, are the source of the biggest horror stories. The restaurant staff enjoys engaging guests, that is, if you consider arguing a form of engagement. The first morning I went to the buffet to order an omelet. After looking at the list of possible ingredients I request a spinach omelet. The cook says he can鈥檛 make one. I point to the list and tell him that it says he can. He argues that I鈥檓 wrong so I walk away sans omelet. Day 2 arrives and I know omelets are a lost cause so I decide they can鈥檛 mess up cereal. I go to the buffet for a box of cereal, but there are no bowls. The hostess is the only staffer I can find so I inform her of my need. She tells me the bowls are on the left-hand side of the buffet. I explain that鈥檚 where I looked, and there are no bowls there. She counters that I did not look hard enough. In a stern tone I said I need a bowl. With a scowl she goes into the back returning with six bowls. What was priceless was her look of utter surprise when she got to the buffet and realized there actually were no bowls.One other thing about breakfast, don鈥檛 expect to get more than one cup of coffee. On Day 1 we were promptly poured a cup when we sat down for breakfast. When we got up from the table 30 minutes later that was still the only cup of coffee we received. Day 2 was even more galling. We had the same waiter as Day 1 (short guy with white hair) so our expectations were tempered when we sat down and got our first cup. After 30 minutes the waiter comes up to our table with a pot, peers down at our empty cups then turns on his heels walking away with the pot. What happened on Day 3? We took a cab to Cambridge for breakfast. Apparently the acute coffee shortage has not struck there allowing us to enjoy several refills.There were other missteps in service, such as the ridiculous shuttle service to Harvard Square, that made this hotel an expensively miserable experience.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>1	1	4	2	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>Melwyjak
<Content>Nice Hotel but they need to change the name to Doubletree Allston/Cambridge       Twin Beds  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>toutingstar
<Content>Great Stay, many conveniences We stayed at the Doubletree Guest Suites from July 6 to July 12. The hotel is nice and clean. The suites are roomy with a fridge and a microwave (our fridge even had a little freezer although the room next door did not have the freezer in their fridge). The pullout couch was actually very comfortable. It's not the kind where you can feel the springs of the bed but it looked like the mattress was three sections of firm foam which folded over into the couch. There was even a little round table with chairs which was nice as we had breakfast in our suite a few of the mornings. There is the cutest little 2 cup Wolfgang Puck coffee maker which made really nice coffee or if you prefer, there is coffee down in the lobby each morning. There's a nice flat screen TV in the living room area and a regular TV in the bedroom. The restaurant, the Green Room, had really good food. We asked for towels twice and the towels arrived at our door within minutes. We had a gorgeous view of the river on the 7th floor. The pool was adequate with large pool towels. Parking is in a covered indoor lot so your car is not scorching hot when you get in. In terms of location, it is really not near to any attractions but really not far from any either. We took the shuttle to the Aquarium one day and it picked us up in the afternoon no problems. We drove to the Children's Museum and into Cambridge and the Museum of Science and it was not too far at all. The thing is that the hotel is close to the highway so if you stay away from peak hours, these attractions are only 20 minutes away. There is a Whole Foods across the bridge so you can easily buy fresh fruits and breakfast stuff for quick and easy breakfasts in the morning. Whole Foods is expensive but alot cheaper than doing the breakfast buffet downstairs every morning (you can even buy breakfast foods by the pound in the prepared meals section). I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>jmjbwolf
<Content>Suite Set-Up Great!       View from window of room 507  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	2	-1	-1	

<Author>fercho29
<Content>Beautiful view of Charles River, a bit out of the way       View from the bedroom  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	2	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Woodstock98
<Content>Big Thumbs Up My family and I loved this hotel. (3 kids ages 12, 13 and 15) True, it is out of the way, but the shuttle service got us everywhere we wanted to go. It was about a 15 minute walk along the river to get to Harvard, and about a 15 minutes walk down the street to the T stop for Central Square. There is a Whole Foods 2 blocks away and we bought our breakfast foods there.The hotel staff were friendly and helpful, and the shuttle service was terrific. We would come home from a day of touring, then hop on the shuttle to go downtown to eat. It was always on time, but you do have to make reservations for it, so plan accordingly. The rooms were spacious and the beds very comfortable. It was a great value for the price, especially in Boston.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dressyd
<Content>Noisy atrium, okay hotel As Hilton Honor members, we stayed on the 15th floor (16 floors in all). The suites have 2 tvs (a tube tv in the bedroom and a flat screen tv in the living room). The bedroom was quiet. If you plan on having on any guests sleep on the sofa bed in the living room, plan to bring some earplugs. You can hear doors slamming and the noise from the atrium. You can also hear guests from the next door room.While we were there, the hotel was replacing the carpeting and drapery in the the rooms so we heard hammering before 8 am. When we left for the breakfast buffet ($12 pp), one of the construction workers asked us if he can go in the room to do some work. Of course, we answered no. We enjoyed the breakfast buffet in one of the restaurants, which consisted of made-to-order omelettes, waffles, pancakes, fresh fruit, bagels, pastries, bacon, sausage, potatoes, cereal, oatmeal, freshly-squeezed orange, juice, pop, coffee and milk.Our room had a nice view of the river. The hair dryer in the bathroom did not work, so we just grabbed another one from one of the rooms that was being renovated. We had to call housekeeping to bring toilet paper since we ran out. The hotel has a swimming pool and good-sized exercise facilities.The location was okay. It was a 20 min. walk from the Central stop (Red LIne train). You can also take the 64 bus, which stops across the street from the hotel, but it runs every 30 min. to 1 hour depending on the time of the day. Make sure you arrive early to take the free hotel shuttle. You are supposed to make reservations but there were people who got on without reservations and some people had to wait for the next shuttle. We found that the easiest way to go to the airport was to take the hotel shuttle to the Aquarium stop and take the Blue Line.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	3	3	4	

<Author>Amylase
<Content>nice hotel The suite was clean and big, and well-facilitated (even with a microwave oven in the room)! Hotel provides shuttle bus service to different local attractions.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>northerndancer
<Content>Just Okay I stayed here for two nights in May at a rate of $169. Can't remember how I booked it. For that price, in Boston, I guess it was a good deal (though parking was another $25 per night). Even though I was an H-Honors member, I got a fifth floor room overlooking a truck lot, but I was too tired to ask to be moved. My son slept in the living room with sofabed and was bothered by the noise from the bars below. My twin bed was comfortable. I booked this for the two rooms, which for a family is a good idea. We were looking forward to a good breakfast but discovered the restaurant charged $14++ for a regular bacon and eggs breakfast...There's nothing else around the hotel so we trooped over to the gas station across the bridge and got some horrible muffins and some frozen cheese pastry thing. The staff was helpful and the shuttle service was good. All in all I don't think I'd stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	2	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>meltay
<Content>Hmm wet carpet, smelt funny, but very comfy bed This hotel was pretty average. Our room overlooked a carpark (who cares really as we were out anyway) but the carpet was damp, clearly clening up something ikky! The room also smelt really odd! But the beds were so comfortable, warm and lovely after much travelling. However would not stay here again.  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	2	3	3	

<Author>nycguestNewYorkCity
<Content>Terrific hotel It is hard to find good service these days, but the staff at the Doubletree was fabulous. I stayed there with my family, including two children, for four nights and was pleasantly surprised by their warmth and hospitality. The suite is perfect for families. And the cookies were delicious!  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>ireland06
<Content>Dont stay anywhere else. Great with young children This is an excellent hotel. I stayed here last Oct 07 with a 22 month old and a 5 month old. The room facilities are great with small kids. I had a travel cot in main bedroom and travel cot in sitting room, so babies didnt wake each other up. There was still masses of room even with 2 travel cots and prams and everything that goes with it. I seriously cant recommend this hotel enough. We left this hotel as arranged on day 3 of trip to move onto the Sheraton in Framingham, what a disappointment as soon as we arrived we rang Doubletree and begged for a room for the rest of our 10 day stay, they accommodated us no problem. Did I already say I cant recommend this place enough!. Seriously dont bother with anywhere else. Ok so its a little outside of Boston Centre but they have a shuttle going regular to anywhere you could want to go. Stay here you wont be disappointed.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>westindan
<Content>Nice Place To Stay My family and I traveled to Boston as I was donating a kidney to someone. We stayed at this property for 10 days. Check in was easy, the suite was nice and clean with a great view of the Charles River. Staff for the most part were great. Room service food was great, but they should bring dinner rolls with entree's in my opinion. The lounge was nice as well. Although we did not use it, they have a very nice indoor pool area. I did have a major problem during checkout regarding a credit card authorization. They charged my debit card as opposed to the card on the auth form. The front desk manager at the time was not very helpful with what was a hotel mistake. The front office manager did call back the next day and was very nice. This hotel is a great place to stay, clean and comfortable. I will stay here when in Boston next month.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>houston_travels
<Content>Very nice hotel; a bit off the beaten track       Courtyard of the Hotel  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	4	4	3	

<Author>NewOrleansLisa
<Content>I LOVE this hotel and will stay there again The Doubletree on Soldiers Field Rd is the perfect place for families. The stylish king suite is spacious and very clean. It can be a little tricky finding the entrance to the hotel. The restaurant was a little pricey, but has excellent views of the Charles River. This location has all the amenities and employees were very helpful.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ms9
<Content>Good hotel but location can take some planning for transit Friday night stay, king bed non smoking, was on 16 of 16 floors with high sided balcony overlooking river and skyline (H-Honors member). Spacious standard chain room. Balcony was fun and helpful as Mars was very visible and got some great shots. Hotel has Jazz bar onsite and bar and food. Location is not the best but there is a free shuttle with scheduled pickups from Harvard station and drop off locations to Quincy Market, Copley, and 2 others. Cabs are very expensive and not recommended. I took the subway to Harvard and got picked up from there. Shuttle drivers seem flexible to drop off anywhere along the standard drop off route. This was the high point, the shuttle due to the northeast location. Get a free cookie for checking in :) Water pressure and noise were no issue. Hotel is recommended if the location is not offputting to you.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Gill87
<Content>Relaxing Stay but in a weird area of the city We stayed here for 1 night before going to New York and despite the fact that it was quite expensive especially since that wasnt including breakfast,we found it very enjoyable. The rooms and bathrooms are spotless and nice. Nothing special but quite reasonable.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	3	5	4	4	4	

<Author>phoenix1481
<Content>Average Stayed the 1st and 2nd of Oct. room was average at best. Torn fabric on chair one bar of soap for 3 days and two nights. Ordered room service and they brought part of the order had to call back and they brought most of the rest but still no dinner rolls and I got charged for soup that never arrived service in the restraunt was almost as bad. Had tickets for free breakfast and after being seated the first day never saw a waitress again and on the second day they didnt bring any coffee or juice until I was almost done. This hotel is out of the way for downtown and certainly not worth staying at if that is what you are looking to do. If you are going to sight see stay downtown. And I am a Hilton Diamond member so if I was getting preferred service I would hate to think what they give to regular guest.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	2	2	3	1	-1	

<Author>momof3maryland
<Content>great stay Spent the night here recently while moving daughter into college. Front desk staff was very friendly and helpful. Room was very comfortable....will stay again! Thanks!  
<Date>Sep 24, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	-1	3	

<Author>bmfc1
<Content>Classy Hotel We stayed at the Doubletree Suites for two nights as our son began college. The one bedroom suite was more than enough for three people. The HDTV in the living room, which has the pull-out couch, is great. (The number of cable channels is very high for a hotel.) There's a second TV in the bedroom. There are telephones everywhere, including the bathroom. The special phone number for Honors guests is a gimmick as it rings to the same place as the help number for every guest. The shuttle to Cambridge was timely in both directions. The concierge is helpful with getting around town. The staff is reserved but polite, ending every conversation with my pleasure. The buffet is outstanding. Make sure you get the cookies!Being 3 miles from Harvard Square, we found the Doubletree to be a strong alternative to the more pricey hotels in Cambridge and recommend it to all travelers.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AtlantaFan
<Content>NIce, but isolated I stayed for three nights on business. Pros: Overall great accommodations, Good Service, big rooms, freshly renovated, maintained and yummy cookies!Cons: Poor air conditioning. No minibar. Tasteless generic in-room coffee. Horrible location. Taxi required to access practically anywhere.Details: First, the hotel should be called 鈥淐ambridge鈥?as it far from major Boston sites, business and areas of interest. Harvard and other parts of Cambridge are much closer -- but still a bit of a hike for the typical traveler. The nearest transit stop is 3/10th of a mile at the 鈥淐entral鈥?stop on redline. To access Backbay and Newberry Street it is a beautiful walk along the banks of the Charles River -- albeit 3 miles away.My room #302 was newly renovated and looked over both the Charles (exterior) and the hotel's 16-story atrium (interior). The room was orderly, contemporary, properly maintained and absolutely huge. I had enough seating for eight guests (too bad I was alone on business). The living room is nice, but I simply did not use. The bed was comfortable and the bathroom average. There is a mini-kitchen with refrigerator and microwave 鈥?but no minibar.I agree that a major downside to the room is the climate control, which does NOT cool the room. I f the windows opened this would not be a problem. The result is a stuffy situation. In my room the air also made a loud rattle noise as it ran.Furthermore, beware of the third floor as some rooms sit directly above the hotel鈥檚 award winning destination jazz club. The club is first class and popular with the locals. My room was exactly atop the club and I could hear the beat of percussion and live horns. Luckily management requires the club to shut down at 10 PM.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	1	5	4	3	4	

<Author>hdblue
<Content>Good Boston Business Hotel Without Location       bed  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	2	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CEHMaryland
<Content>Not clean We checked in for two nights in a suite at this Doubletree hotel. When we went up to the room, there were drink spills on counters, general grime on many things that had not been cleaned in a long time, and the room just was not clean. We returned to the counter and were shown another room. As soon as the bellboy and I entered, we saw a washcloth lying on the floor near the door. I went over to the sink and saw that the remains of food that had been poured into the sink. It went downhill from there. By the time we finished, the night manager was checking rooms with me and we went to six rooms.It turned out that the first room we were assigned was the cleanest of the six. He agreed that none of the rooms were suitable and said that if we kept the original room, he would send a cleaning crew up immediately and we could tell them what we wanted cleaned. We waited for an hour and a half and no cleaning crew arrived. I went back to the counter and he was surprised because he said he sent them right away.No cleaning crew ever arrived and we ended up cleaning the room ourselves enough to sleep in it. The night manager was very apologetic and said that he would satisfy us by making a significant adjustment on our bill. Our bill for two nights came to over $600 - he took off $20 for one night's parking!The restaurant was nice and the hotel has the potential to be nice, but the rooms badly need refurbishing and CLEANING! He said that some of the rooms had been refurbished and showed me one, but the only thing they really did was replace a few items and the walls were still dirty.The air conditioning was also bad in the rooms we saw. It doesn't keep things cool and is noisy.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	3	1	3	2	-1	

<Author>Traveller118
<Content>Fantastic for families A walm welcome from staff and a fresh cookie for all. 3 miles from the city centre but a great view across the Charles river to the city beyond. A free and regular shuttle bus takes you in to the city in a few minutes. An excellent breakfast overlooking the river. A very comfortable suite with a room for the children and one for the parents, I would reccomend this hotel for visiting families who need a two room suite and a good breakfast or evening meal. All in all excellent value and friendly staff.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>fogeo1977
<Content>Great hotel - HORRIBLE BUFFET BREAKFAST!!! For the price of $189/night.....you cannot beat it. Each room is a suite with a separate living area and bedroom area and for that reason alone, I'd stay here again. The bathroom had mildew in the corner of the tub which was gross (Room #722). They should be more aware of that. Their complimentary chocolate chips cookies are too die for. The gym is lacking. No free weights, so bring your own if you care as much as I do. It's a very comfortable hotel overall and if you are with kids, on a budget, or just want to NOT stay in the center of Boston, I'd stay here. It's not far at all from any of the attractions, and you get gorgeous views of the Charles River from your bed!One STRONG warning - DO NOT HAVE THE BUFFET BREAKFAST. IT IS SO DISAPPOINTING AND MADE ME SICK!  
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	2	5	5	5	

<Author>Annikits
<Content>Wonderful hotel We stayed at the hotel from the 13th to the 18th of August. Check in was nice and easy and the cookies we were handed sent my son into raptures of delight. We were pleasently suprised by the size of the rooms and out of the bedroom window we and a lovely view of the Charles River. My son loved the flat panel tv in the lounge. I was tired when we got to the hotel and pulled back the sheets so I could have a lie down. I noticed one of the sheets had a stain on so I called housekeeping. They immediatly sent someone up to change the bed. I then recieved a call from Kalika who was the housekeeping manager. He asked if everything was now ok and offered us a free movie for our inconvienience. He also got our 2 nights parking fee waived. A little later we had a small box of chocolates also delivered to our room with a note of appology. The front desk staff were wonderful with our son. Popping his popcorn as we didn't have a microwave. Warming his leftover burrito from lunch and giving him a good supply of the warm cookies. The concierge was also very helpful as was the bellboy. I wouldn't hesitate to stay at this hotel again. Even though it isn't in the centre of Boston the shuttle bus was very handy and Cambridge Central T station was only a 10 minute walk away. If you don't fancy eating in the hotel restaurant the is a Wholefood market just over the river which sells ready prepared meals.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Justinian54
<Content>Do Not Trust the Hotel Shuttle Nice hotel with great rooms and a convenient location for our college visits. Our only problem was with the shuttle service which failed to pick us up as planned every time we used it.First night the van skipped our scheduled pickup forcing us to wait at the stop another hour. The second night they did not come at all requiring us to take a taxi back to the hotel, but only after several phone calls and another hour plus wait based on their assurances that they would be there in 15 minutes.However, the worst part was that we were blamed for the problems. On the first night the driver said he stopped and no one was there 鈥?the eight of us at the stop before the scheduled pickup time would disagree. On the second night they told us we specified another stop that was different than where we dined and across town. Bottom line, if you are thinking of this hotel because of the shuttle don鈥檛 - or just build in taxi fare.We will not got back to a hotel that does not solve their problems but rather lies about them.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	5	4	4	4	3	1	

<Author>jmpatrick63
<Content>Kids loved it... Join HHonors before you visit...they'll treat you like family! It's nice to be greated by name when you call the desk. The room was clean. Not Hilton-clean...but clean. The suite was quite large. We loved the HiDef widescreen TV in the living room, and the kids loved the video games ($6.95 per hour). The view wasn't much, but no big deal...we were there to sightsee not stare out our hotel window. The free shuttle was fine, just make sure you plan your activites the day before because you need to reserve the shuttle for your destination. Staff very helpful, especially concierge. The warm cookies were yummy, and the kids both received a neat backpack full of activites at check-in. Room service was good, as was both on-site restaurants we sampled. A bit pricey for this middle-income family of four, but nothing unexpected. Sadly, there was no dining choices within walking distance of this hotel that we found. The river borders one side, a large industrial site the other. Walking anywhere was a bit intimidating. Parking was convienent other than not being able to access the 2nd floor of the garage directly from the elevators. You have to return to the lobby and either walk up the stairs or board a second elevator. No big deal, I guess. Very close (1 mile) to Cambridge, wish we could have spent more time there.Bottom line: the kids didn't want to leave but the hotel meal $$ was killin' me!  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>suzyq425
<Content>Loved the Doubletree! I called beforehand regarding the shuttle service. I wanted to save $ in the hotel budget but not having my savings taken up by taxis. The concierge was very knowledgeable and what he said ended up being true! That was great. I think his name is Malik==something like that. Everything was superb==just like a **** star Hilton.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	2	5	4	5	5	

<Author>brandy24
<Content>Noisy hotel We arrived early on a Saturday afternoon. The front desk said there weren't any available rooms so we'd have to wait for one to be made up. I was fine with that because we were early. An hour or so later they checked us into a room on the 3rd floor. The room was fine--it was a suite, but both rooms were rather small and the living area is dark because the only window opens up into the hallway.I could live with the small size, but around 8 or 9 pm our walls started shaking. After a little investigatioh, I discovered the cause--the jazz club was directly below our room. Having two small kids, I was worried they would be woken up. So, I went to front desk and told them the problem. They said , yes the jazz club is right below and that is the problem. No apology. I asked them what they could do about it, because we weren't staying in that room. They got us another room on a higher floor, which solved the jazz club noise. Just our luck, our new neighbors was a family with ~8 people staying in the suite. They kept us up half the night. Can't blame the hotel too much for this, though I'm guessing 8 people is more than the room is supposed to hold.When I asked for another room the next day, they weren't particularly apologetic. Overall, I was disappointed with the attitude at the front desk. They were friendly, but not not particularly compassionate and didn't go out of their way to make our stay nicer than it could have been.The hotel is fine, but I would never stay here on a Saturday night unless I were sure that I had a room on a top floor. The atrium set up allows all the noise from the club to filter up to higher floors and the staff was not particularly helpful in finding us more appropriate accomodations.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>1	2	3	3	4	2	2	-1	

<Author>WetSactraveler
<Content>An excellent choice! I booked this hotel specifically because it has a pullout couch in a separate living room. Much more comfortable for a teenage boy traveling with his mom! I was surprised at how comfortable and spacious the rooms were. The hotel staff was great and filling up on a big breakfast in the restaurant really helped. We only used the free shuttle to downtown twice. Walking to the Central station in Cambridge took us less than 10 minutes and gave me a chance to get one more cup of coffee from great local places along the way. Whole Foods and Trader Joe's are just a few blocks from the hotel. We filled the in-room fridge with sandwich supplies.We arrived late on the first night and walked over the bridge for a pizza at a local place on River Street. It was, hands down, the best meal we had in Boston. And the cheapest!  
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Hyph77
<Content>Pluses outweigh minuses I stayed at the Doubletree over a long weekend. The hotel itself is nice and well layed out. It is very easy to access the Mass. Turnpike (I-90) which helps for arriving and travelling in the city. Unfortunately there isn't any public transportation within a 20 minute walk. The closest option is the red line from either Harvard or Central Square. Both are a hike. The hotel maintains a shuttle service that will take you into the city for site-seeing. I did not use it but other members of my party did and seemed quite satisfied.The room itself was very nice. It was a suite-style room with both a living room and a bedroom. The bathroom was in between and the bedroom had a door, which was nice when I had a coughing fit and could go out into the living room and close the door so as to not wake my wife up. The air conditioning was central rather than unit based which cut down on the noise and made it easier to adjust the temperature. It tended to get a little cold at night but was perfect during the day.There is a problem with the room doors. They are self-closing and seem to be weighted improperly. If you let them close on their own they slam shut. This was at first just slightly embarrassing but when the teenagers in the room next to me repeatadly allowed their door to slam shut beginning at about 5 in the morning it was supremely annoying. They seemed to be checking out so there wasn't really anything the staff could do about it.That was the only real problem though. Otherwise the staff were uniformely helpful and friendly. The price to park ($20 per day) is a little steep but is comparable to lots in the city.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>skatwood
<Content>Great hotel! We just returned from a 7 day stay at the Double Tree Guest Suites Boston. We were very impressed with the property and service.The kids especially loved the hot chocolate chip cookies at check-in. We stayed in a King Suite with a fridge and two TVs. The living area was nice. It had a table with four chairs and a big pullout sleep sofa. It also had a very comfy overstuffed chair and two lamps. My teenagers were impressed with the big LCD TV on the wall. You may request a microwave from the concierge and it was great to have. The beds were super comfy. We had a river view room and enjoyed watching the boats on the river. The shuttle from the hotel to various points around town was very dependable and saved us lots of taxi fares. We had room service several times and the food was excellent. The concierge was very helpful, and the service was great- even though it was full! We couldn't have been more pleased with the hotel.A happy traveler from Texas  
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>barnhok
<Content>Good family hotel but a bit isolated This property was much nicer than I had expected. We were in town the weekend of the marathon and rates in other Boston hotels were astronomical. A Sweet Dreams rate of $189 for our family of 4 seemed downright cheap in comparison. It included a great breakfast buffet for 2 adults and our 11 year old son--our 13 year old daughter was considered an adult for purposes of breakfast, although kids under 18 stay free with parents. Parking was another $20 and, if we wanted wireless, we would have had to pay another $10 per day. However there are computers in the 2nd floor lobby where we could access the internet and that met our needs. The bedroom was large and had a comfortable bed, desk, TV/amoire and a phenomenal view of the Charles river (we were in a corner unit on the 11th floor). The sitting room had a sofa bed (not so great) and room for a rollaway (nice one--$10 night) so it was perfect for our kids. They were excited about the plasma screen TV, but it was on the wall in an odd place given the furniture layout. There was some wear and tear obvious and some older looking fixtures, but anything that could be easily updated had been done (furnishings, linens, etc...). The concierge service varied a great deal; however, William was very helpful. The concierge arranged the shuttle service which we utilized each day because even with a car, we only drove when necessary (such as to the conference I was attending). It took 10-15 minutes to Copley Square and 30+ minutes to the Aquarium--through heavy city traffic. Though technically in the city of Boston, the hotel is much closer to downtown Cambridge than to any of the interesting parts of Boston and on a nice day, it would be a lovely walk to Harvard Square (about a mile). The shuttle also goes to Harvard Square. We didn't mind the location because we had stayed down in the heart of Boston the week before and felt less compelled to stay downtown. Harvard Square is a very interesting area with lots of restaurants and pubs and the Coop--Harvard's great bookstore. All in all, a good family hotel in a beautiful, but somewhat distant location for a visit to Boston.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	3	3	4	3	3	

<Author>GATraveler52
<Content>Great Rooms, Nice Staff Stayed here weekend of April 12-15, 2007. We arrived around 2:00 p.m. and the hotel's restaurants were closed, but we used room service and the food and service were very good. It was a busy marathon weekend. The hotel was crowded, but the staff handled everything well. It is a large hotel, but there are four elevators, so waiting for one was never a problem Our room was cleaned in a timely manner every day. Without asking for a view, we were assigned a beautiful, spacious room overlooking the Charles River where we watched rowing teams from colleges all over the country competing. Our weekend activities centered around Boston University, so it was a great location for us. We were, however, unable to use the hotel shuttle because it leaves for specific destinations on a schedule that never coincided with our needs, and it does not take you to other miscellaneous destinations. We spent a lot of money on taxis since the weekend weather was rainy and cold. There is a Whole Foods and a drugstore within walking distance, but a taxi will be needed for other outings if you don't have your car. I would stay here again depending upon the purpose of my visit to Boston. It was a very enjoyable hotel experience.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Lovetravelpskk
<Content>Great room size but the location... Just spent 4 nights in this hotel. Room is nice and LCD TV in the living room is great. We have 2 kids and they loved the cookie and indoor pools. Location is OK with the shuttle but need more towards late nights. Sunday the shuttle close at 5 PM? Also, internet should be free and parking at $20 is too much.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	-1	4	4	4	

<Author>OldNew-Englander
<Content>Affordable suite in Boston i just spent 4 nights at the Doubletree Suites and enjoyed it thoroughly. Booked a 2-room suite on line at a very good rate. I was given a high floor suite with a view of the river and downtown Boston. As a Mel Brooks fan I thought the High Anxiety atrium and elevators were a hoot! Front desk staff was friendly, courteous and helpful. I enjoy walking and did not mind the location. It is a 0.9 mile stroll to the red line Central Sq T-stop. There is also a terrific Whole Foods market right nearby (less than a 5-minute walk). The suite does not have a kitchen, just a very small refrigerator and sink, but it is usable for keeping drinks, fruit, cheese, etc. The hotel is showing its age a bit around the edges, but the price is right and makes a good base of operations for visiting Boston. (It does help if you know your way around already- you are not downtown.) The only irritants are the extra charges for parking ($20 per day but with unlimited in-and-out) and the $10 per day for wireless access. I can understand the parking charge-it is Boston after all and parking is at a premium. All the on-street parking in the area is resident sticker only. But there is no reason to charge extra for wireless and most hotels do not charge for it anymore. The hotel includes a restaurant, lounge and jazz club that is a destination for jazz buffs in the area, but was not intrusive during my visit except for a brief burst of noise as the show got out on Saturday night. I cannot vouch for the quality of the venues; I was on the go the whole time and did not use any of them. There is a decent fitness room on site which I used once when the snow made it impossible to run along the Charles. The bike/running path is right outside the hotel.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	2	5	5	4	2	

<Author>Americanadian
<Content>Amazing Doubletree! We are a family of 5 with three teen girls. We stayed for 4 nights while we were tourists in Boston. We love this hotel. The service and amnenties were terrific. The suite was spacious and clean. My daughter loved the indoor atrium and we all appreciated the free shuttle back and forth into downtown Boston. My youngest loved the cookies at bedtime and the pool. We would definitely stay again. We also had a lovely view of the St. Charles River.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>EQ3282
<Content>Nice Hotel, Good Rates, 'Expensive' Location Let me start off by saying that the Doubletree was an excellent hotel. Why would I give it a less-than-perfect rating you ask? One word: location.The hotel itself was quite nice. Very clean, accomodating/helpful staff, and welcomed accomodations. The price for the room wasn't as good of a deal as initially thought though. Booked the room in advance for $80/night, compared to a regular $120. However, the special rates apply to non-suites, which are smaller-than-average rooms that are typically near the elevators. Foot traffic wasn't extremely noticeable, but there were random occassions over the extended weekend where we were woken up by people coming back in for the night.Check-in was a breeze, and the staff was helpful. Didn't balk when we arrived a couple of hours before check-in time, and even offered us a room on a higher floor due to a performance at the jazz club that night. Check-out went just a smooth, and the hotel did not mind when we left the car in their garage for a few extra hours.Two other small quips are that the TV was a small set, and housekeeping comes EARLY (8:30am on Saturday morning), so make sure to put the knob hanger out the night before.Now, onto the 'location'. The hotel sits right off an exit from the Mass Pike, which makes it easy enough to get to. That's where the travel ease ends, though. The hotel is not close to any public transportation. The closest T stop is Harvard Square in Cambridge, which is a $7 dollar cab ride away. However, that requires you to travel through Cambridge on the T before you get back into Boston. The hotel does offer a free semi-hourly shuttle to here, and other destinations w/in Boston, but it was rarely on-time and it was hard to line up the schedules with our own. Its service also ends early in the evening (schedule says 9pm, but we found it to be closer to 8-8:30). You can request a shuttle at a specific time within the designated operation hours, but you need to give at least 2 hours advanced notice.In light of all of these issues, cabs become your best friend during the stay, but they get very expensive very quickly. You can get to just about anywhere west of Rt. 93 for $20 or less, but the frequency of needing a cab adds up. The cab drivers are well aware of the hotel's ill-fated location, so there will be a bevy of them sitting in wait in the hotel's circular drive.Parking is also a compound expense, charging $20/night in the garage. A little ridiculous, but actually comparable to most private garages in the city.In all, the hotel does what it can to make its location less of an issue, and otherwise it is a very nice hotel. However, if you are a person who is more budget-aware than most, you may want to keep looking as you consider the 'unstated' expenses of staying here.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	2	5	5	4	3	

<Author>fjnovak1
<Content>Nice place but parking is a ripoff This hotel was not as nice as the Hyatt down the way a bit but still a premium spot. Parking is overpriced as ever and unlike the Hyatt, there didn't seem to be a close alternative. But the beds are comfy, its usually available for well under $80 on priceline, and they do have a nice breakfast buffet that is about $15 i believe. Solid accomodations for Cambridge (but the Hyatt is vastly superior if you have the choice).  
<Date>Jan 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Buchba
<Content>Nice and clean Came to Boston from Providence late at night. Hotel is located south of Boston so that was very convenient for us. Location far away from the city, but we didn't mind, because we had our car. What I looked for was clean and spacious room which this hotel offered. Bathroom was also nice and clean.They had internet access for a fee, which was nice. Also reading other reviews we didn't have breakfast in the hotel, but bought sandwiches at the Au bon pain, which is right in the hotel. That was a good choice.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>notanotherone
<Content>Great hotel if you have a car This is hands down the best hotel I have ever stayed at. I had nothing but good experiences with the hotel, my room, and the staff. I was on the 9th floor with a great view of the river. Hands down, if I had a car with me, this would be my hotel of choice in Boston. Problem was, I had no car.I booked this hotel through Priceline, which I will hesitate to do in the future. This hotel is not in Cambridge, but in Allston, MA. It is a solid 15 minute walk from the nearest T stop (Central), or $7 cab ride. Its a $20 cab ride to downtown. This added up to a significant expense over my trip, and a lot of wasted travel time getting where I wanted to go. Yes, there is a shuttle and the drivers are super nice, but it doesn't run continuously or late. There is a Whole Foods market about 5 minutes away and it was nice to go there and get food, but you do have to cross that intersection that others have mentioned. When I was reading reviews on here before my trip, I was like What's the big deal about crossing a busy intersection? After seeing it, I feel like I could write a book about it! Its the busiest intersection I've ever seen, with multiple highways all converging in one spot. I would look out my window in awe at that intersection. Its not easy to cross either....seriously, I guess you have to see it to believe it. Anyway, none of that should reflect on the hotel. It was a completely positive hotel experience. I have no complaints, just be wary of Priceline if you don't have a car. I would have saved money if i had stayed in town and not spent so much on transportation.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	2	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pickupapenguin
<Content>Good hotel! Stayed here as part of a seven week coast to coast trip in September. Picked because of good reviews on trip advisor. Hotel is nice. We had a room near the top facing the back with a balcony. Fantastic views of the Charles river. Ask if you can get a balcony room, it's worth it. Rooms are a good size and clean. Maid service was good. Scullers jazz club in the hotel lobby is excellent, we saw Deedles and it was one of the highlights of the trip. You can buy a dinner combination ticket for a meal in the restaurant first. This is a good idea as the restaurant is next door and it has good views of the river, although the food was only fair in my opinion. Downsides of the hotel were no airport shuttle or free breakfast, and the breakfast itself is not great. Also the hotel is a couple of miles along the river from town so you'll be getting a lot of cabs which can get expensive, recommend you get a car.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>kathieh724
<Content>Would definitely stay again! Excellent hotel. Check in was very accomodating, did get the cookies this time! We requested a late check out and that wasn't a problem. Not a bad location, views of the Charlse were very cool and rooms had a separate sitting room with pull-out couch. Would stay there again for sure.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	4	4	4	

<Author>gdi
<Content>Very happy Stayed 3 nights at the Doubletree  selected it based on getting a suite; was a little apprehensive after reading some earlier reviews. We were very happy w/our experience. Got a king suite on 7th floor (pd $189 booked thru hotel directly)Room very clean (was told it had been refurbished) - did not see any of the construction previously mentioned. AND, the shuttle service was excellent! Used it in AM  PM,  it was right on schedule, which is published. Pick-up/drop-off sites include Copley Sq  Acquarium. As long as they keep up the excellent shuttle service, I would not hesitate to stay again. (PS - since it's free, a tip for the drivers is a nice thing to do if you're also pleased w/the service.)  
<Date>Sep 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	3	4	4	4	2	

<Author>PrinceRaider
<Content>Huge room and convenient to downtown! My wife and I stayed for three days, September 9th - 11th and had a great stay. The most amazing thing about the hotel was the huge suite that we had. We have traveled all over the world but had never stayed in a place that felt like an apartment with a separate living room and bedroom - it was just excellent. During our stay, the hotel was full of Clemson University fans who were playing Boston College in football. The bar was completely full of fans after their game, but the staff handled each and every customer in a timely and courteous fashion. We also appreciated the friendliness of the staff. The shuttle mentioned frequently in these reviews was very helpful; we were dropped off on separate days at Faneuil Hall and in Havard Square and promptly picked up when reaquested. The one time that we did not take the shuttle back to the hotel, we rode the T Red Line getting off at the stop between Havard and MIT - Central I think. We then took a cab back to the hotel for a little over $5.00. I would strongly recommend staying at this hotel as the price was right and was really first class in every way with a concierge that was a big help with directions. (He furnished us with maps for Boston and how to get to Lexington/Concorde.) A great place in everyway and as a benefit, chocolate chip everyday in the lobby!  
<Date>Sep 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>RJGutierrez
<Content>Labor Day Weekend 2006 Stayed at the hotel on September 2nd for one night. Nice hotel, but very noisy. A lot of foot traffic, a wedding, and one of the reasons I chose the hotel - Scullers Jazz Club - was closed due to the wedding.The rooms are spacious with a separate area with pull out sofa and television, but the furniture and carpet are dated. There are areas of the hotel that need repainting and updating and just plain cleaning.The hotel location is very isolated - on a highway - but we had our car so this was not a problem. We had a very drunk bridesmaid on the elevator on our way back to our room, who screamed at us when we would not give her jazz fingers. It was very embarssing for the boyfriend and a bit unsettling for us.It is not a hotel I would consider on my next trip - as the Radisson in Boston was cleaner, newer, more modern and with a more knowledgable concierge - all for the same price PLUS breakfast and parking.Good luck!  
<Date>Sep 6, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	1	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>PennFamily
<Content>Very Nice Hotel Off The Beaten Path       Rowing outside our hotel! Bonus view!  
<Date>Aug 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	2	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>mdccy9900
<Content>Great Experience My husband and I stayed at this hotel for one night and absolutely loved our stay. We were in town for our first Red Sox game and weren't very familiar with the city. The concierge was very very helpful and extremely knowledgable about the city. We arrived early at the hotel and unfortunately our room wasn't ready for an early check-in which we had been advised. The concierge helped us by taking our bags for us and keeping them there until we returned later that evening and were able to check in. That night, we checked in and were given warm chocolate chip cookies that are amazing! The staff was very friendly and welcoming. Our room was very very clean. The space was quite large for the two of us and the bed was extremely comfortable. We had a beautiful view overlooking the Charles River which was very beautiful to wake up to that next morning.The next day, we took the hotels shuttle to Copley center and then were able to pick it back up later that afternoon. The shuttle did break down in the middle of Boston, but the entire staff quickly sent another shuttle and handled the entire situation very well. We had no problems whatsoever getting to our destination. I would highly reccomend this hotel for a small family, a romantic evening out, or for a business traveler. The downside is that the hotel really isn't near any T-Station and a taxi is pretty much the only option. Other than that, we would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>diamondgirl100
<Content>Very nice hotel Just stayed here for a long weekend in Boston. I was very pleasantly surprised by this hotel -- atmosphere, cleanliness, location, and quality of rooms.The front desk was very helpful and gave the kids doubletree knapsacks with kiddie playthings inside. Kids also loved the cookies. I just found the atmosphere to be very pleasant. The room was a spacious 2 room suite with a very comfortable king bed and very firm, comfortable sofa bed. Nice sparkling views of the Charles River and Boston city skyline at night. The rooms opened up to overlook the spacious center lobby -- reminded me of the Wilderness Lodge in Disney -- very attractive. Some sort of Jazz club was on the premises and looked very nice. Hotel was just busy enough to make you feel like you're not in the middle of nowhere but not at all crazy and bustling.Even though they offered shuttle service to several points in downtown Boston, we used our car. Hotel Parking $20 a day is no fun but is to be expected in such close proximity to a major city. Downtown was minutes away by car. Very nice!!!  
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>tippytripper
<Content>Definately would return For a truly nice hotel you cannnot beat their price. BUT ... it is a little off the beaten track ... if you cringe at the thought of walking along sidewalks on high traffic roads and taking public transit or dishing out for cabs, or paying $20 per day for the honor of a parking space, this is not your hotel. Shuttle service worked fantastic for going to Harvard square where we took the subway, but we never were able to take the shuttle directly downtown. It was always booked or full. Hotel was very clean, staff extremely friendly and informative -- as was all of Boston in our Chicago-esqe perspective. It is in a very safe area. We know because we took public transit or walked. Pool area was hot, but if you wear your suit and get in, the pool temp was just fine. Hot tub was very large and fantastic for relaxing with family and friends and soaking those tired tootsies from sightseeing. We didn't try the restaurant as it was too pricey for us, but there were fantastic places to eat in Harvard square (again, you need to take the shuttle or a cab). To my knowledge, there is no restaurant, or convenience store less that 6-8 blocks away. Hotel was also fine with having food delivered and provided a stack of take out menus for us to use! Drinks were about $8 each from the bar (they were always ample size and most refreshing), bottled softdrinks and water were $1.50 each. Your room has a fridge and there are liquor stores in Harvard square and also a Whole Foods grocer about 6 blocks away. Housekeeping was top-notch and friendly. We made special requests to housekeeping on two nights and all were accomodated with smiles within a 1/2 hour.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ZiggyNZ
<Content>Great service and facilities Stayed here on business for 4 nights. Great facilities and service. Suite is large with nice living / dining area, large well equipped bathroom and large bed. Nice views over the rivier, free shuttle bus into Boston centre and breakfast service good (can't comment on dinner as never dined in the restuarant).  
<Date>Jul 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>klpopp
<Content>Nice Place - Good Cookie! We had three families stay, each family included 2 adults  2 kids and the place was nearly perfect. Price was good, rooms were excellent, front desk  concierge service impeccable.Only negatives: location made shuttle absolutely imperative, road noise for west and north facing rooms was surprising (even on 8th floor), morning heat on west side (best view) was intense  we had to call down everyday, save one, for enough towels  lack of ventilation fan in bathroom causes moisture buildupRemember to ask each evening for your cookie!  
<Date>Jul 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great beds! Even though our stay at the Doubletree Suites was a quick one, I must tell you that the beds are awesome! We did not get to the hotel until late evening, but were greeted by very friendly and helpful front desk staff. Our short but sweet experience would make us inclined to stay there the next time we get a chance to go to Boston. What a great city! Just remember to leave your car at the hotel and take the shuttle into the city!!  
<Date>Jun 30, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place for family Stayed in Hotel for 5 days on 2 different occassions during trip from Australia.Found the staff to be efficient and courteous. Concierge service was exceptional.rooms were huge and could get child into seperate room so everyone got a good nights sleep Renovations on at moment but cause little inconvenience.Shuttle service very convenient into Boston and had no trouble booking this.great place Great stay save your money on expensive hotels and enjoy the space and the view of the Charles.  
<Date>May 29, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Family friendly I highly recommend this hotel to families. The staff is very nice and very attentative. The rooms are big enough for a whole family with plenty of space for all the kid's toys. We'll stay there again when we travel to Boston.  
<Date>May 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Hotel!       view from suite  
<Date>May 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>HelloNewJersey
<Content>Good Place to Stay Great place to stay, just a few minutes by car from Copley Square. Free shuttle to Copley Place, Aquarium and Boston Commons, but you need to reserve ahead of time. Newer hotel, well maintained. Good place for families. Would stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nbsandman
<Content>Great....But We stayed in this hotel as a result of a Priceline search....and were aware that it was difficult to access and was not a place to stay if you wanted to walk or use public transportation...like the T. All that was true.However, the rooms are great...ours had a view of the Charles River and all the rowing crews...a nighclub featuring Jazz...and a good if somewhat overpriced restaurant.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Hotel As I read some of these reviews I wonder if the travelers understood that Boston was walking town.Yes, the hotel is a little walk form the T station. It's not far nor a hard walk. We even walked at night with no worries. The staff was exceptional form the time I booked the suites to the time we left. Yes, the pool was cold but my DD swam in it. Not a big deal and not worth paying $$ more. The hotel is right on the Charles river. We watched the Harvard crew team practice in the am and the sun set in the PM. There are no rest. really close by. But the shuttle took us wherever we needed to go. Too late to walk back, I just picked up my cell and they sent someone to pick us up. That shuttle was really great to beat the morning rush hour. Now, we travel with 2 kids.They don't like to walk for long but we never had a problem. We will most deffinately recommend this hotel to friends. In Boston save your money for the food and entertainment and really enjoy your stay at the Double Tree Boston. We did !  
<Date>Mar 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Friendly and Homely We have just returned from a week at the Doubletree Guest Suites. The staff were very friendly and attentive. Nothing was too much trouble for them. The furniture in our room on the 6th floor was a bit tired, but a renovation programme is under way which should put things right. The breakfast buffet is excellent, especially the hot 'do it yourself' waffles. The hotel shuttle bus provides an excellent service to various points in downtown Boston and to Harvard. Overall a first class Hotel with first class staff.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sunnydi
<Content>Great for the money! We stayed at the Doubletree for 2 nights in Feb. We had a tour of Berklee college of music scheduled and we wanted to be in the city or close by. The hotels in the city were very expensive, this hotel was not only reasonable, but it was clean and convienant. It is right off I-90 and it is very easy to get into the heart of the city. The food at the bar was good. We arrived late and ate in the bar. The only thing I would say that is a downfall is the parking, even self parking is $20.00. Other than that, the hotel staff was nice, the rooms were clean, and the bed was comfortable. There is a shuttle to take into the city if you want. I would stay here again and take advantage of the shuttle. If cleanliness and value is important this is a great hotel. If you dont mind staying outside the city (only 10 mins) this is the place to stay!  
<Date>Feb 19, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent value Like the reviewer below, we were here from 28 Jan, for a week. Yes, the pool was beyond cold, but the jacuzzi was working - it's a dial on the wall you have to turn, just a shame there's no signage to indicate this.In terms of square feet per dollar, the hotel is execllent value. We booked early, through Doubletree's own website, and got a two room suite overlooking the Charles for $95 a night. We'd have got perhaps a shoebox downtown for that.The complimentary shuttle bus to Harvard, Copley Place, the Common, the Aquarium and Fanueil Hall is excellent. It doesn't take long to plan your day around the timetable and prebook your return trip, or spend 50 cents on a phonecall to request a pick up. Otherwise, it's a $15 taxi journey from Downtown Crossing. Not really a hard choice to make!The Terrace Lounge is a great place for a drink or casual meal, while the Boathouse Grille offered fine dining. Both were good.There's free internet access in the business centre, although be warned it is a teeny tiny room. Drink and ice machines on each floor are useful, and there's a Trader Joes supermarket across the river, about a 12 minute walk away, should you want to stock up on anything else.If I had a complaint, apart from the pool, I'd say that the towels are a tad skimpy for a hotel of this calibre. Not bad, really, for a week's stay if all I can complain about is that.All the staff we encountered were nothing but friendly. We're unlikely to stay anywhere but here on a return to Boston.Be warned, they're spending $15million on a refurb over the next few months, so you may want to enquire about possible disruption if you're planning a visit.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>GlenRockNJ
<Content>Cold The location and the atmosphere are nice. The complimentary shuttle to Copley Place was very helpful and generally convenient. The suites were comfortable and spacious. Hotel dining was extremely expensive as is their overnight parking fee. It is an extremely expensive hotel but it is in Boston. The hotel corridors were cold and the pool was frigid (literally). I asked the front desk why it wasn't heated as advertised and they said it was. Additionally, the jacuzzi jets weren't working the entire three days we were there. It's a decent hotel but for the price they charge they need to do a better job.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2006
<Rating>3	2	5	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>ChubbyDaddy
<Content>Best Xmas Value in Boston Pluses: The hotel was only a 15 minute taxi ride from Logan Airport, the suites were VERY spacious, comfortable and well appointed, including a fridge, sink unit, coffee perculator and televisions in both living room and bedroom. The staff were very efficient and helpful, particularly the Concierge and the Shuttle Bus drivers who offered valuable insights about Harvard and Boston.Minuses; The hotel is a mile or more from the nearest underground station so you really do need to book the complimentary Shuttle Buses to prevent paying $70 approx. in taxi fares over 5 days. This requires only a few hours forward planning as the Concierge and drivers are very flexible and helpful and it is only a short ride to Harvard Square, Boston Common or Copley Square.The spa jets did not work during our visit but the swimming pool, spa and sauna areas were ultra-clean, quiet and very relaxing after a hard day's Xmas shopping.As a family of two adults and two teenagers, we found this hotel excellent value for money and would certainly recommend it.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Foxden
<Content>$20 to Park at the Doubletree Hotel in Boston!! Skuller's Jazz Club is located right at the Doubletree hotel (owned by Hilton) so we did their dine/tickets/stayover package. We were charged $20 to park at the hotel overnight!!! I couldn't believe after paying that much for the package....$286, we were charged a parking fee!! This was not mentioned on the website either. Even though the show and hotel were good, I wouldn't do it again because of the parking fee.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bigandy1022
<Content>Great Hotel This really is a great hotel. The staff could not have been more helpfull. The rooms were large and comfortable. You can hear some of the music in your room when the jazz club is busy and the jets in the spa did not work for our entire stay (8 days). Over all though it was a great place to stay and I would go back again in a heart beat.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ABD119
<Content>Simple and Perfect Stayed there for five times and never disappointed. Rooms are extremely spacious. Location is comfortable if you use a car, both to Boston and Cambridge. Nothing luxurious but a great value.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very nice hotel Very nice rooms and with 2 children the suites were nice. Made our reservations through Priceline at a price of $70.00 which I thought was a reasonable price. Did not like the $20.00 parking per night but I think that is common for that area. Would definitely stay there again if we are in that area.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>IsWarren1
<Content>a definite repeat This hotel is perfect for a weekend or a quick overnight trip to boston. The rooms are very comfortable... clean and spacious. I would only recommend staying in this hotel if you have a car or don't mind taking a cab into the city, because it is not in walking distance. However i enjoyed being removed from the center of the city and being able to see the chalres river from my window. I went with my family and we rented one suite. My husband and I stayed in the bedroom and my two kids stayed on the pull out couch, so it was a great deal and still had lots of room!  
<Date>Jul 25, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Quiet, comfortable, clean, safe and elegant. Great Hotel. Superior Services. Parking was Pricey. I would definately stay there again. The hotel is not in town, but they have a free shuttle service that takes you to the main attractions for shopping and sightseeing. It's very easy to get where you want to go. The shuttle leaves every half hour throughout the day and evening. You do have to make reservations for the shuttle. I like this hotel. I was traveling on my own with two children and I felt very safe. Our room was a King suite that allowed me to shut a door between me and the kids when they wanted to stay up at night. I like it.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>fluffymichou
<Content>comfortable stay, though out of the way We stayed at the Doubletree Suites after getting a great deal on Priceline for $50 a night. The hotel itself is well decorated. All the rooms in this hotel are suites and have a lot of space, with a separate living room with sofa, desk, chair and TV, and a mini-fridge area. However, the rooms do show their age, with slightly worn carpet and wallpaper, and the bathroom needs some updating. But the rooms were clean and staff was courteous and helpful. The hotel also has dining and bar areas which is convenient, though we never dined there. Also, the doubletree greets all their guests with freshly baked, warm cookies which were really delicious. I am trying to find their recipe! The only minus is that this hotel location is a little out of the way. To get to cambridge, you have to walk about 1 mile, and cross a bridge. To get to places of interest in Boston, you would definitely have to take the public transportation. We had a rental car, which i recommend if you stay here.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kdglobal
<Content>Spend the extra $$ and stay in town We stayed 1 night in this DoubleTree that is billed as being slightly outside of Boston from July 3-4. (It is tecnically in Cambridge, I think.)Ups: Yes, the cookies are very good and the staff was knowledgeable but this doesn't make up for all of the hassle of the hotel in general. Downs: 1. Shuttle service--this was worthless. We were only able to use it once to get to Harvard Square (we could have walked there) and then the hotel ran a normal Sunday schedule--i.e. the shuttle stopped running @ 4pm-- despite the fact that it was a holiday weekend. Then, on Monday, you had to reserve a space (which was near impossible) until noon but then after 12 you did not. What a mess.We instead ended up taking the T (the nearest station is 3/4 mile away) and for the cost of 4 people taking the T 6 times, it would have made more sense to stay in town. We did get our exercise though. I just wouldn't want to do this in the winter--and cabs are pricey. We were quoted $20 for a 5 minute ride into city center!2. Room--not impressed. Perhaps they have better rooms in this hotel, but ours could have used some serious grout cleaner. On top of that, someone had very sloppily resealed the sinktop at the joint where it meets the backsplash with white caulk on a red marble. (I am not usually picky about these things (particularly for 1 night), but perhaps since we have been remodeling bathrooms, I get a little oversensitive. :)) Also, the door on the tv cabinet was broken and could not be slid into the cabinet. Not that you are there to watch a bunch of tv, but still it was annoying. And yes even on the 16th floor you can hear the road noise since the hotel sits at the juncture of a highway off-ramp  a 4-lane city thoroughfare. And the train yard behind the hotel is also quite fetching. The photo online was quite a misrepresentation of seeing the river.3. Elevators: one broken and one that decided it liked the 10th floor and stayed there instead of proceeding to the lobby.4. Jazz Club: was closed for rennovations for a few weeks.This is not one of the better DoubleTrees out there--stay in town. It might be slightly more expensive but Boston is such a walkable city, it won't be a problem and you'll save on taxis and T-fares.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TankMan347
<Content>The Doubletree was fantastic I took my wife to Boston for the first time last weekend and we stayed at the Doubletree on Soldiers Field Road - it was fantastic. I stayed at three different Hilton properties in Boston on business before deciding on this one as the perfect place for a weekend getaway. Forget about the comments that it's not downtown, it's a $5 cab ride and they're always available. The staff was excellent; the room was awesome; and dinner in the Boathouse Grille was as good as our dinner on Saturday at the Capital Grille. I would highly recommend this place to anyone and I'll be back...  
<Date>Jun 18, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sooz2
<Content>This was perfect for us! We wanted to stay near, but not IN Boston, and this was great. I had read on Trip Advisor that the hotel had a shuttle, which we needed. It worked GREAT for us, both in going to Boston Common, and to Harvard Square. We used the shuttle only, and not our car.The rooms were nice, the restaurants very good, the staff terrific, the beds comfortable, the room quiet, and we had a nice view of the Charles River. We would definitely stay there again. Boston was thrilling and we're glad to have taken the Trolley tour; great meals at Legal Seafood in Boston, and Sandrine's at Harvard Square.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ojaigal
<Content>Wonderful Stay! Our three-night stay was great! The staff are incredible; friendly, so helpful, and went above and beyond the call in every regard. We had a death in the family and had to suddenly change our plans, and the hotel staff took excellent care of us. The shuttle service is very convenient. One note: we were initially given a room that smelled of cigarette smoke. When asked, the hotel moved us to an ugraded room that was smoke-free, and had a beautiful view. We will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jen198
<Content>Excellent facilities, great service, but pricy parking Especially for the price (we paid through Priceline), the hotel was gorgeous, clean, and had excellent service. Close to Harvard Square (driving, not walking) and Harvard Business School. Nice view of Charles River from the room. There is some kind of chemical plant behind the hotel, but does not appear to affect the hotel in any way (e.g., view, odor, etc). Highly recommend this hotel. Great indoor pool and jacuzzi, beautiful lobby, comfortable beds, and great price. Only real negative aspect is the pricy parking ($20/night), which really adds to the overall cost.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Piece of cake Great view, great service, and getting where we wanted to go was a piece of cake. The shuttle service has three drops in downtown Boston and from there just jump on the T to anywhere you would like to go. Clean room, nice and quiet and we saved some $ from the downtown hotels. Nice job Doubletree!  
<Date>Jan 1, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>SABL
<Content>I'd go back again and again! My husband, daughter, son-in-law and 2 young grandsons just spent 7 nights at the Doubletree when we went to Boston for a family event. It was the perfect place! My grandsons slept on the sofa bed in the living room so their parents had a room all to themselves. My husband and I found our 2 room suite extremely comfortable, cozy, and spacious with all the amenities. It even had a great view of the Charles River. Everyone on the staff was very friendly and helpful. The entire ambience of the hotel was much more upscale than we had expected. An added bonus: the Doubletree has a great jazz venue, and we were able to see one of my son-in-law's favorite groupsthe second night of our stay. Other bonuses:warm chocolate chip cookies when we arrived, the health club, and indoor pool. All this and the price was very reasonable! If you don't need to stay in the heart of Boston, it's a perfect location. I wouldn't consider any other hotel in the area.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sands
<Content>Doubletree is the Best! My husband and I just returned from our first trip to Boston, and we spent two nights at the Doubletree. We were both extremely impressed! It is a beautiful hotel, and the staff is extremely helpful. Our suite overlooked the Charles River, which was packed with crew teams from the area colleges every morning and evening, and we could even see Fenway Park when the stadium's lights were on. The hotel is right off the highway, and is very convenient if you're planning to drive downtown. We didn't use the shuttle at all, since we planned to stay in the city later than their shuttles ran (last pickup was 9:30 pm), but it was nice to have that option. We didn't mind the $20 for parking, since we knew our vehicle was safe. The down comforter and piles of pillows on the bed are a nice touch... as are the delicious chocolate chip cookies when you check in! We would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Oct 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NJGIRL
<Content>Mixed report! First of all, the name is misleading -- it's NOT in Cambridge. It's in Allston on the Boston side of the Charles -- very convenient to BU and the river but not anywhere close to downtown Boston or Cambridge. Also, they charge $20 per night for self parking which is a bit high given the location.Like most suite hotels, the rooms are large and well equipped. But we booked through priceline and when we got there, despite the fact that the hotel was less than 1/2 full, we were given a smoking room after having requested non-smoking. When we asked to change (we were staying three nights), we were told that since we booked via priceline, we were not entitled to a non-smoking room. The room reeked and the hotel did nothing to try to mitigate the odor or provide us with a habitable room. As we had prepaid, we had no choice but to stay but boy, were we unhappy. Overall, the hotel is a good value but be careful if you're booking via a discounted service!!  
<Date>Oct 13, 2004
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This is an Outstanding hotel! My family spent four nights at the Doubletree. It was our first trip to Boston and I cannot rave enough about this hotel. It is a beautiful place witha gorgeous lobby; the rooms were spacious and pleasant, with a little refrigerator, a cupboard with plates and cups, and two televisions, one on the bedroom and one in the sitting room. The view from our bedroom was spectacular - a stunning view of the Charles River. The hotel is not close to any public transportation but the shuttle runs regularly and we never had any problem getting on it. The staff was great, especially Frederick the concierge, who got us Duck Tour tickets when I thought they were sold out!You can not go wrong at this hotel - outstanding value and comfort. We loved our stay there and would go back in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pretty nice place We just got back from a week long stay at this hotel, which happened to be our honeymoon. We had to change our original Florida plans due to the hurricanes. Neither of us had any major complaints. The staff was excellent as was our room. We were on the 8th floor overlooking the Charles River. The suites have ample space and the beds are perfect! Once you climbed into the down comforters and pillows it was difficult to get out. The concierge would do anything for us and was well prepared to dish out any information concerning the local area. Among the things we didnt like were the 20$ per day parking fee. I thought this was a little steep for a paying guest at the hotel. The only other complaint I have is the entrance/exit to the hotel. If you drive to the hotel you will curse entering or exiting the property. We rented a car for the week but after being there one day we found it completely unnecessary. The hotel offers free shuttles to areas of interest and cab fare to other places is reasonable. Plus you dont have to deal with the insanely packed streets of Boston.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great hotel Stayed at the hotel for the last two nights of our holiday in USA.On arrival we were very impressed with reception who were very polite and checked us in very quickly.The room was ready even though we arrived at 13.40 and check in was 3pm!. Bell services brought our 4 very heavy bags up and even apologised for taking so long (just under 5 mins!!!) shuttle gets booked very quickly so make sure you put your name down early as the nearest T stop is a bit of a hike with kids.Rooms were very clean and spacious 2 televisions in the suite.Beds very comfortable even the sofa beds.Our room overlooked the river and the road there was some noise from the road but other than that it was the quietiest hotel we had.Would recommend to everyone  
<Date>Aug 13, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mteaches
<Content>Positively fantastic We stayed over Valentines weekend this year and could not have been more pleased. We booked through priceline and had roundtrip airfair (from Philadelphia) and two nights at the Doubltree for $140 a person. That's DIRT CHEAP. Even at that price this is one of the best hotels I've ever stayed in.The lobby and common areas are gorgeous. The suites are well appointed, comfortable, and roomy. The pool, spa, and other features are fantastic.The hotel is within a 15 minute walk of the subway station. On the walk you pass a number of grocery stores, drug stores, etc. The hotel also has a shuttle which will take you to a number of dowtown spots. It runs around every hour. Reservations are required, but we were able to get them at our choosen time each and every time we wanted to ride, and even when we called the concierge just minutes before the shuttle left.The staff was attentive and helpful. We were pleased with the quality and speed of room service. We can't wait to stay here again!  
<Date>Feb 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great for families Our family of 4 stayed here earlier this week on a trip to see the Nutcracker. We got a great rate, and were more than happy with our stay. The kids in particular loved the pool and having their own room (mom and dad liked that part, too). The glass elevators - and, of course, the cookies - also were a big hit. We took advantage of the free shuttle service, which took us to within a couple of blocks of the Wang Center. The rooms weren't luxurious, but they were nice and quite clean; besides, on this trip luxury wasn't what we were looking for: we were looking for family-friendly, and definitely found it.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>very nice place!!!! I stayed in this hotel in September 20th for one night. This hotel had many positives the rooms were very nice, the atrium and the hotel lobby were both incredible. This hotel offer a shuttle service to downtown which I made a reservation. It is tough to get on the shuttle without reservations. I also found the front desk staff extremely friendly. We arrived very early and were immediately given room without any problems. The only negative was the living smelled like smoke and I requested non smoking. That is the only thing that keeps me from giving this hotel a 5.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Dizzyelmo
<Content>Amazing!   showReview(1148026, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 24, 2003
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Non smoking room was smoking and close to nothing   showReview(1132783, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 9, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Save Yourself and Stay Away   showReview(1127984, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 4, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lots of room for improvement   showReview(986284, 'full');   
<Date>May 1, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>don't stay here , lousy service..   showReview(984701, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 28, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Extraordinarily unhelpful   showReview(984425, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 28, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Saunders
<Content>We'd do it again!   showReview(982349, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 24, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>excellent reception staff   showReview(827899, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 26, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>amazing elevator, ok location   showReview(698242, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 17, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I'd stay here again!   showReview(697565, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 14, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>elhthp
<Content>Excellent rapport qualit茅 prix pour visiter Boston en tout confort avec des ados   showReview(19808653, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	4	5	3	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel ok!   showReview(20552197, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Lo consiglio...   showReview(19648188, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ein Hotel-Traum   showReview(19648186, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un buon Hotel   showReview(16590087, 'full');   
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(14737387, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>sbixsbix
<Content>Valido, un po' lontano dall'aeroporto ma valido   showReview(7998584, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	3	

