<Author>WilMiRe
<Content>Excellent -- beyond expectations I was very impressed with this hotel. Not only was everything fabulous (it was also a real bargain), it was obvious that they really, really care about keeping their clients happy. As an example, when I arrived and asked about the indoor pool for my two young children, I was very disappointed to find out that it is only for the use of those over 16. Without my prompting, the receptionist took it upon herself to find a public pool nearby, called to get the opening times and prices, and printed out a map for me. (It was only about five minutes away, and is a very nice, clean facility.)The room itself was very comfortable, and everything was clean and in good shape. The breakfast was very good, with an excellent view of the city. I also ate their for dinner, and the cuisine was absolute top quality. There is also another very good restaurant right next door (Club Paella Peixenet (sp?)), which I highly recommend.The only potential drawbacks I see are the following. 1.Location: it is somewhat far from the center, and those visiting Barcelona for the first time might prefer to be closer to the Barri Gotic/La Rambla, etc. I did not mind the location, however, which is not far from the Placa Espanya, and right between two metro stops. 2. Noise: one reviewer recommended taking a less expensive room on a lower floor, since the view from the restaurant is what is most impressive. However, I actually got upgraded to an executive room, which was on a lower (sixth) floor, which can be pretty noisy at night time. This didn't bother me too much, but might be a problem for light sleepers.Highly recommended.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>RHBCumbria
<Content>Fantastic staff Stayed for 6 nights over Christmas. The staff were really friendly and helpful. Views from the Hotel are fantastic. The room was spacious with an excellent bathroom. Very handy for Sants Station, but the hotel is not in the Centre. I communicated with the Hotel by email and found the whole experience most enjoyable. The breakfast was of a high order and the views from the top floor magnificent.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>judith-fran
<Content>Great Hotel We stayed in this hotel for 5 nights and thought it was great. Here are some key points- It is so easy to get to from airport just get train directly to Barcelona Sants and its just opposite the station-Its 6 metro stops on the green line into Placa Catalunya the main area in Barcelona- Its very quiet at the hotel only noise as mentioned was the odd ambulance- We walked one day into La Ramblas which only took 30 mins and is a nice stroll.- Pay the extra for the executive suite the view is amazing we were on the 18th floor- Don't bother getting breakfast every morning ite expensive just go one morning to appreciate the view.-The room itself is big the bathroom is fab and the beds are very comfortable.If you stay here you'll enjoy it the price is so good for what you get.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>tesoroSpain
<Content>Great hotel! Would go back. Our group of 4 (two teenagers plus my niece and myself) rented 2 rooms on the 15th floor of this great hotel on December 28. Super-sized non-smoking rooms, wonderful bathroom, great sheets, towels, bathrobes and slippers. We had a view of the Tibidabo from our rooms.The 10 euro breakfast on the top floor with fantastic views of Barcelona was well worth the money. The rooms were 100 euros/night (plus taxes and extras) which I thought was reasonable.Helpful and polite staff. Offered maps and directions to my favorite tapas places (Cafeteria Catalu帽a and Ciudad Condal )No noise at night except for the odd ambulance or police car.  I was hesitant to book so far from the Ramblas/Gotico area, but then decided that if what I could afford was out of the Ramblas area, then it might as well be well-communicated via train or metro, hence the choice near the Sants station.We liked it so much that we went back to the hotel for their 13 euro, three course menu del dia in the lounge on the ground floor before leaving town.Great for travelers arriving by train, just a short walk across the plaza, but also good for those arriving by car from southern points as you just have to turn right off of Diagonal onto Numancia and go down a few blocks. No getting trapped in busy Barcelona traffic. The parking lot is under the hotel and there is a hefty daily fee, but that is normal in all hotels I called in Barcelona.This is a large, contemporary hotel, so if you are looking for quaint, typically Spanish style, you might try elsewhere. It was perfect for us!  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Austin1976
<Content>A Quality Hotel in Great Location My wife and I stayed here February 2008 for 4 nights. After arriving at the Airport we got a train to Sants station. This was very cheap and takes about 15 mins. On exiting the station we could see the hotel straight in front of us so this was very handy. You cannot miss it as there is a large neon Sony sign at the top. The hotel staff were very friendly and courteous and we were given a very large, comfortable and clean room. The best part about the hotel is getting breakfast on the top floor. The views of Barcelona were amazing and we got many good pictures. Food was great with lots of variety. Being right next to the train station meant that getting around was easy. We used the Metro as our main means of transport. There were also city tour buses that frequently stopped outside the hotel and I would highly recommend doing the city tour as soon as possible after you arrive. My wife and I had a wonderful stay here and I would highly recommend the hotel.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MichaelMorrison
<Content>Great Choice in Barcelona       Breakfast Buffet (just part of it)  
<Date>Nov 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Edna27
<Content>Excellent 4* value We had never been to Barcelona before so were really taking 'pot luck' when choosing a hotel. My research indicated that Barcelona hotels tended to the higher price range and I would normally have restricted my choice to the 3* hotels which I have always found more than adequate for a short sight-seeing holiday (after all we only sleep and have breakfast in them).In this case my return flight from Reus airport was early morning which meant that we had to be on the 0615 train to arrive in time. As I wanted to avoid travelling across Barcelona this early in the morning and risk missing the train I restricted my choice to hotels close to the Sants train station.The Gran Torre Catalunya is right on the station's doorstep and after visiting their website I took the plunge and booked into this 4* hotel, especially as the room rates were noticeably lower than the other Barcelona 4* hotels we viewed. We were not disappointed - it was everything the website implies. The staff were wonderful, the views over the City breathtaking and our standard room was extremely spacious and quite luxurious. The breakfast was absolutely amazing - held in the top floor panaromic restaurant and providing the widest choice of self-service food (cereals / English  /European breakfast / savouries) than any other European hotel we have stayed at. After breakfast we didn't even think about another meal until early evening!Despite the disastrous 拢 / euro exchange rate, the hotel was worth every penny and we would definitely use it again when we return to Barcelona in the future.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SweTraveller27
<Content>New favorite in BCN A new favourite hotel in Barcelona. Got a pretty good deal through the hotel website, an executive room, breakfast included for a total of EUR 147. Was happily surprised when I was upgraded to a Junior Suite (unfortunately only one night's stay there). Room on the 19th floor was spacious, had a big bathroom with separate shower, bath and double sinks. Separate work area, and living room area with a couch (possible to convert into an extra bed), TV and music center. And of course a fabulous view of the Montj眉ic mountain and Plaza Espanya.Breakfast was served on the 23rd floor and the food could easily match the views. A rich breakfast buffe with lots of cold cuts, fruits, hot items as well as all the necessities in a breakfast buffet.Staff courteous, helpful, and polite. Only downside was that internet did not work in my room (cable). Was offered another room but declined, used the wireless service in the lobby and business center instead. Got some coupons (1 hr free internet, complimentary drink, discount on spa treatments and parking) due to the fact that I had booked on the hotel website.Airport bus leaves every 10 minutes and stops outside of the hotel, a good choice (depending on time of day as traffic can be a bore in Barcelona). Barcelona Sants station is served by both long-distance trains as well as buses and metro. Recommend the metro, on time, clean and cool (the walks in the tunnels to the metro platforms are considerably hotter and can be looong).All in all, a very nice hotel which I will surely use next time in BCN.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>delaneyPortsmouth
<Content>Torre catalunya Just returned from three days spent in Barcelona at the Hotel Torre Catalunya. We booked an executive room which included robes, slippers and teas made, safe mine bar. The room and bathroom was lovely if I had one small criticism is that the room was a bit on the small side but the view from our room was superb. Transport links to the hotel were good just three stops from the airport to Barcelona Sants and as you left the station the hotel was right in front of you. The hotel could not have been easier to find. Transport links into Barcelona were good and I did not find it a disadvantage staying outside Barcelona. The bus touristic stop is not far away from the hotel. We purchased a T10 ticket which enables you to go on 10 journeys.We did not sample breakfast at the hotel we ate at the supermarket downstairs. Although we did venture up to the top floor to look round one night and it was very nice up there a wonderful view.All in all I enjoyed my time at Barcelona and would love to come back again and would not hesitate to stay at this hotel. Just one word I would not recommend the Barcelona Stadium tour unless you are a real fan. I thought it was rather expensive for what it was.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>kkerr
<Content>Ideal for a city break We booked this hotel at very short notice for a weekend break in Barcelona. It was easy to reach from the airport as there is a direct rail link from the airport to the railway/metro station just across the road from the hotel costing 2Euro70. It is also ideally situated for easy access into the centre/main tourist areas (5 mins by metro day or night). No hire car needed!The check in was efficient and friendly. The reception team also had some invaluable recommendations about which sites to see and good places to dine.Our room was clean, had a separate shower and bath with twin sinks. It was airconditioned and offered the usual TV, minibar, safe (free), CD/radio and ironing board. Robes and slippers were availabe on request.The higher rooms have better views although only 3rd floor rooms had balconies.The swimming pool was more of a spa pool - small and a little disappointing although still a nice way to relax tired legs after a day exploring.Breakfast is a buffet on the top floor of the hotel - great views so try to do it once during your stay. It costs 16euros but if you book the night before at reception it will only cost 10. If you are on a budget then there is a cafe in the station or at the supermarket to the left of the hotel which serves coffee/pastries etc. We did not have dinner in the hotel prefering to eat out. Note the restaurant operates a no jeans policy in the evening.Overall we were impressed with this hotel and would recommend it. Clean, friendly, efficient and ideally located.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Golod1
<Content>Just okay I vacationed in Barcelona for 4 days and stayed at the Gran Torre Catalunya. Most of the reviews are fairly accurate. The hotel is close to a metro, clean, friendly staff, etc. However, please keep in mind the hotel is not unique and has no character whatsoever. The walls are very thin and inside the room can be very noisy. Most of the disturbance is caused by the cleaning staff which makes it difficult to sleep in. The hotel is also close to one of the major train stations so there is also a lot of traffic noise, sirens, etc. which one can hear from the room 22 stories high. Price makes this hotel attractive and one of the main reasons it's ranked so high on tripadvisor. However, I think you can do better as far as location. I would recommend staying in Barri Gothic region of the City. Front desk is very knowledgeable and gives great suggestions on tapas bars, siteseeing and shopping. I strongly would suggest staying this hotel as a 2nd choice.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FartFinder
<Content>great rooms Great hotel fantastic views if you book exec upgrade(well worth it) and the room size is fantastic only minus is the bed was very hard.The reception was the most helpful I have ever experienced in Spain.Very nice bathroom and breakfast was very good with superb views all over the city as on the top floor.Gettting about great as bus touristic stops close by and only 4 stops on the metro to the RamblasONE BIG TIP when you visit sagrade la familier(sorry my spelling s a bit off) dont Q for an hour at the first lift you come to, to go up high there is another lift at the back where there is never more than a 5 minute Q  
<Date>Oct 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Melissajane8
<Content>Good hotel, wonderful views, great staff. Stayed here for three nights last weekend. Lovely hotel with very helpful staff. Were upgraded to superior room on 19th floor. Views were amazing. Turn down service included. Easy access to all local attractions from nearby station, metro efficient and seemed safe. Breakfast was lovely in fantastic resturaunt with 360o view of Barcelona. Menu del Dias in lower floor bar was good value, three courses at 13.50 euros including bread and wine. Used the airport bus which runs every 6 mins to and from airport, to right outside hotel which was 4 euros each, little more expensive than the train, but a great tour of Barcelona. Would also thouroughly recommend the open top Bus Touristica, 20 euros each for one day, 26 for two, hop on hop off. Great for seeing everything when you don't have much time.Saved someone from pickpockets in an outside bar near the port, felt that street crime rate was high, and very little police presence. Not targeted ourselves, but we were extremely careful at all times. People we spoke to had been robbed in the streets or bars during our stay.Beautiful city, super hotel, but policing needs to be sorted if Barcelona wants to continue having as many tourists.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>disappointed96
<Content>Disappointed with misinformation We have just returned from our stay at the Gran Hotel Torre Catalunya in Barcelona. We chose this hotel based on information we read in Frommer's Barcelona 2nd edition. Frommer's stated that this hotel had added extras such as turn-down service, chocolates on the pillows and free parking and an indoor pool. The reality is that the hotel offered none of these services (and claimed they never had offered these extras) except for the indoor pool which Frommer's neglected to say was in their sister hotel next door. The hotel does not have a concierge but the front desk or business office will try to help you if they are not too busy. We gave them info about hiking in a town about 30 miles outside Barcelona and asked if they could contact the organization to help us set up this side trip. We wanted to do this on a Sunday. We were told that it was closed on Sunday but we could arrange it for Monday. Later we were told it was NOT open on Monday and also there was no way to get to this town (previously we were told we could take the train). It is one thing to not offer help in arranging activities but it is another thing to give out false, and at best, misleading information. Needless to say we were not pleased with the service provided by this highly recommended Frommer's hotel.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	3	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>Amanda041
<Content>We were surprised at the quality We looked at a few 5 star hotels but took Trip Advisor comments as our guide and chose this hotel instead. Same price for 3 nights here as one in our original 5 star choice! We booked an executive room which had absolutely everything we needed and more. Room was spotless, as were the sheets. Staff were always extremely helpful. Only niggle would be that the bar food badly let them down. The top floor restaurant views were incredible and the food was lovely. I would say that their menu is a little over the top (the chef's imagination can be a little strange) and you never quite know whether you will get a plate with very little food on it, or quite a lot. There are also a lot of little extras which can be confusing, but you do feel like you are special guests.Location was very central which we needed and it was a safe area too (we were originally concerned as it was near the station).All in all I would highly recommend it and would definitely go back there. Best example of a 4 star hotel we have ever been to.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JohnKIreland
<Content>Great Hotel and Location I recently stayed at the Torre Catalunya Hotel for 7 nights and would highly recommend it. The Hotel is located just to the left of the emain entrance to Sants Train Station. Hotel staff were very polite and helpful. The Ramblas is only 5 metro stops away from the hotel. Although breakfast was not included in my deal, there is a well stocked supermarket located under the hotel. Camp Nuo football station is also very close by. My room was large, well air conditioned and offered panoramic views of the city.Would have no problems staying here in the future.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>oscarmauricio
<Content>Great Hotel This hotel was great. We stayed for 3 days. The hotel is close to the Sans metro station and you can get to Las Ramblas, Downtown, Sagrada Familia, Barcelona FC stadium, etc within 15 minutes. Plaza Espa帽a/Olympic Stadiums are a 10-15 minute walk. Airport is about 20 minutes away and taxi will cost about 25-30EUR. The Executive room was excellent. The breakfast was included in the rate, good variety and quallity of food. (Room w/o breakfast was 13 EUR cheaper but for 2 people is well worth it to get the Room+Breakfast Plan). Access to the internet in the room for a fee but in the business center is free for 15 minutes. Spa services are additional. We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Perpetual_tourist
<Content>Everything that you need in a city hotel We booked this hotel for a 4 night city break at very late notice. We had never been to Barcelona before and were a little nervous of trying to find the hotel, but it couldn't have been easier! We came out of Sants station (also called Barcelona Sants) and the hotel was on one side of the square in front of us. The station offers Metro and trains, so the hotel is really well located for getting out and about in the city.The staff in the hotel were polite and friendly from the start. They gave us some excellent recommendations for restaurants (including a tapas bar round the corner when we were feeling lazy one night) and also attractions in the city.We had booked an executive room and I think that it was worth the few extra euros per night. Our room was on the 18th floor (executive rooms are 6th floor or higher I think) with great views over the city. The room was spacious, clean and modern with a huge en-suite bathroom with bath and separate shower. During the week we had a turn-down service with a chocolate - a nice touch to come back to after a long day in the city. The room also had air con, a stereo system, TV and all the usual bits and pieces.The only thing to note is that breakfast is not included. You can buy a deal for your stay at 10 euros per day (rather than 16 in the restaurant) but we tended to grab something from the cafe in the station on our way out in the mornings. If your room is lower down in the hotel then it might be worth having breakfast up there at least once for the view (the restaurant is on the 23rd floor and has panoramic views). In the evening the restaurant is smart dress only (i.e. no jeans).Overall this hotel ticked all of our boxes and I would definitely stay there again if we go back to the city.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>marie943
<Content>Luxurious,Wondeful Staff,Fab transport links,A Proper Supermarket-heaven! I booked this last minute and was not getting left with many choices,I was really starting to panic.This isn't even the sort of hotel I would normally look at as we go for small.traditional hotels.I found this through Expedia,and as I booked only 3 days before,I had been watching the price drop. We also booked it through a well-known uk cashback site and got an additional 7 and a half percent off!! I think it worked out about 拢72 per night in the end,then,reading other reviews we decided to upgrade to an executive room,and paid a little more.Had a poor experience initially with Expedia who wanted to charge me 拢15 because I had changed my booking to an executive room!!I politely pointed out that i would upgrade when I arrived in that case,at which point they wisely dropped the charge!!I say luxurious  in my title,obviously this is a 4 star hotel,so don't take that too literally,but there is a nice air of comfort to the room,for the money,I think the lovely light wood panels and matching wooden furniture units create this.If you get an executive room,you get tea and coffee making facilities,which you don't get with a Standard room,I think.I also think that you don't get a bath robe with a standard room,but it says in the hotel brochure that you can request one.Soundproofing was one of the best bits,as this is a very busy city,but apart fom the usual police sirens,nothing to complain about. Unlike some hotels,NO sound o f slamming doors or noisy guests-loved it!!There is an ice bucket in the room and an ice machine on each floor.BREAKFAST ON ROOM SERVICE-had this the first day and all I can say is,if you HAVE to,have the continental!! Even better go and get yourself some orange juice and ensaimadas from the supermarket and eat in your room (there is also a cafe at the supermarket). I have to make allowances for the fact that we ordered it too late (they still very kindly let us have it though! )and the scrambled egg was in a pool of water and the bacon and sausages bore NO resemblance to food usually supplied in a traditional english breakfast-bacon was very thin and greasy more like ham,and sausages oozed with red oil.(think tapas) ps i love tapas but this was a Spanish version of an english meal-didn't work. I know that makes me a whingeing pom-you are right. Sorry,but I had to warn you!!Also tried the hotel RESTAURANT-they have a japanese chef (first time i have tried this type of food) and it was very nouvelle cuisine-tiny,tiny portions,not for those who like a reasonably sized plate of food,and was quite expensive, (拢110 euros for two), though lovely views at night.I think this hotel has a lot of rooms,so is able to offer them at a good price if they don't all get filled up.This was a very,very well priced stay,enjoy. Central points on the metro line univesitat to canyelles are placa catalunya (well known square with dept store with great cafe views).top of ramblasPobel sec (station for poble espanya-the spanish village)Drassanes (bottom of ramblas) Liceue-stop for gothic quarter, and half way down ramblas, and market hall (very special)go to the left a bit futher down between macdonalds and kentucky for gothic quarter.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>krawimi
<Content>Liked it a lot       part of the room  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	-1	3	

<Author>jdinsf
<Content>Perfect stay on Honeymoon Although not even close to the most expensive, The Hotel Torre Catalunya was by far the best hotel we stayed in during our 15 day honeymoon in Spain. From exceptional restaurant recommendations to public transit tips, the level of service from all staff members was exceptional. Additionally, most, if not all, are multi-lingual; patient with those wishing to use Spanish, no matter how imperfect, but able to speak in visitor's native tongue. The facilities are modern in design, larger in size and scope than many European hotels and well maintained. The rooms offer sweeping views of the city, the hills and the ocean. We stayed in an executive room and it was large even by US standards. Comfortable beds, separate bath and shower, plasma tv, cd player and in room coffee and tea service. The hardwood floors are clean and sleek. All the amenities that we took advantage of were to our liking: the spa (with turkish bath, hydrotherapy and sauna) for 6 Euro is relaxing, if not quite as glamorous as it looked in the brochure. The lounge, for drinks or meals, is excellent. Try the Menu Del Dia for 12 euro and enjoy 3 courses and a glass of wine. We did not use the adjoined rooftop pool as it was overcast, but it's available. Visual Lounge is excellent for a drink in the evening. Location cannot be beat : A few steps from the Metro and a stones throw from the train station. Very safe area.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Pixie_Thunder
<Content>A Gem of Hotel in Barcelona! I stayed here with my Partner for a short break in May 2008. We booked through lastminute.com, which was about 拢100 cheaper per person than rival websites, with flights!When we arrived we jumped straight on the Train from Barcelona Airport, got a free train ticket to town, Jumped off at Sants walked out the door, debated about which way the hotel would be...but looked up and there it was...Couldnt have been simpler!When we arrived at the hotel the front desk staff were very friendly and helpful. They upgraded our room free of charge, and so we were on the 12 floor. The porter took our bags up, and was very pleasant when explaining to us how things worked in the room, and also pointed out some of the views from our window, which was amazing (even if only of a busy city!)We wanted to watch the Champions League football whilst there (only on the TV) so we asked at the man at the front desk of any local bars that would show it. He searched the internet for us, and found a nice little Irish bar right next to 'La sagrada familia'. we had to get the metro there, but that wasnt too hard being on te door step of one!He also recommended a lovely little restaurant for a Tapas, and it was so reasonably priced too, although we didnt ake advantage of this till the following day.We walked absolutely everywhere, it was about a 30min walk into town, but the weather was amazing, and I never once felt unsafe. You get to see so much more when you're not crammed on a metro...We also took in the tour of the Camp Nou (Nou Camp!) Again we walked here from the hotel. It saved on the metro fair, and is good exercise! It took us 20mins. And was worth the walk for any football fan out there. We werent disappointed.The shop just near the hotel is also good for stocking up on refreshments, and over half the price of the hotel minibar it is worth it. Also, there are so many sights within easy distance of the Hotel, like the Olympic Village. Have a look at your travel book, and see whats around!Wherever you go, you will always see the hotel so you'll never get lost!! It towers above everything else, and at night you will see the neon sign on the roof! It was always fun to spot!All in all, the hotel was great. I regret not heading upto the hotel restaurant on the top floor, but we were just so busy with everything else that we just didnt have time. But I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a good base to explore Barcelona, far enough away from the hustle and bustle of Las Ramblas to let you see that its not just a tourist destination. It has so much more to offer.On the way back to the Airport, ask a little man at the gate how to get to the Airport (act like a tourist)...they'll normal give you a free ticket again...saves 3 Euros!!! (every little helps!!)Extra Tip:(If you get the chance and you like books...The Shadow of the Wind, Carlos Ruiz Zaf贸n, It is set in post- Spanish Civil War Barcelona, and mentions many of the places you may visit as a tourist...probably more of a chicks novel, but nevertheless an interesting read about a fascinating city...Barcelona!)  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Kaiser_Amir
<Content>It deserves 5 stars not 4!       Our room with a flat screen and a stereo  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>charlotte0884
<Content>Loved the Torre Catalunya! Have just got back from a 5 night stay at this brilliant hotel. As previous reviews mentioned the staff are extremely friendly and helpful. As soon as we checked in they had a map out showing us where we were located and pointed out the things that we should see! When we checked in I was slightly disappointed that we were given a room on the 3rd floor (especially when the reviews had been marvelling about the spetacular views) When we requested a room higher up we where told it would be an extra 12 euros per night between us. So we decided to upgrade and got a lovely room on the 18th floor with an amazing view over barcelona.Apparently any room above the 11th floor encounters the extra 12 euro a night, so if you want a great view be prepared to pay the extra! The room itself was immaculate and very stylish. It had everything you could need including mini-bar, huge t.v, tea making facilities, hairdryer, loads of storage space, a safe and loads more! The bathroom was amazing with two sinks, a large bath and then a seperate walk in shower and a separate toilet! Plus all the toiletries you could think of!I cannot comment on the hotels othere facilities as we only really slept there as there is so much to see and do in barcelona.Don't be put of by the fact that there is not outdoor pool as for no extra cost you can use the hotels next door rooftop pool for no extra cost plus they provide you with towels.Although the hotel is situated slightly outside the city centre an excellant metro sevice gets you there in 10 mins! The metro station is located two mins walk from hotel. We used the metro for all our journeys as it was cheap and efficient. The T10 ticket provides you with 10 journeys for 7 euros and you can use the ticket between yourself and whoever your travelling with. And unlike the london underground the tubes are air conditioned and feel a lot safer! We were often on the tube at midnight and never encountered any problems.Also close to the hotel is barcelona's main train station where you can travel all over spain and the best bit is that you can travel to and from the airport. We booked the hotel and flight ourself so did not get tranfers included so we got the train to and from the hotel and it cost peanuts! You can actually use your t10 ticket for this journey so it cost not even two pound each for our return journey! These trains run every 30 mins and only takes half an hour to reach hotel from airport!Overall this was a fab hotel and if I go back to this wonderful city then I will be staying here again!  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>narnia61
<Content>friendly people everywhere I stayed here for six nights in June. It was my first stop of my five weeks in Spain and this hotel got me onto a great start. The people working here were all very sincere in wanting to help with anything I needed. Reception, business center, housekeeping and the restaurant were all efficient and easy to work with. I booked an executive room on the upper floors and was given a great room with a terrific view. It was worth the extra money! I also ate at the restaurant on the top floor one night and the food, service and view were quite good. I live in Manhattan so service and food is a big deal to me and they delivered at this restaurant. I would definitely stay here again if I return to Barcelona.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Telfordsmama
<Content>Loved the view!       View from restaurant - day  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>EmzAllan
<Content>Great Hotel Stayed for 4 nights in this hotel and really enjoyed it. Great service, when arrived had friendly greeting, with staff making helpful suggestions of local attractions and offering a choice of rooms, our room wasn't all that high up but the views were still amazing and the room was lovely- marble floors and lovely large bathroom.If you stay at this hotel it is definately worth getting some t-10 tickets (10 journeys for 7.20 euros) for the metro system. There is a direct train from the airport to sants station which is right next to the hotel, and this journey is covered by your t-10 ticket. The station is on more than one metro line and although it is slightly out of the centre of town it is no trouble to use the air conditioned metro system to go a few stops to get to other areas.The bus turistic was also worthwhile although rather steep at 20 euros a day or 26 for 2 days but it is a very thorough hop on hop off system and it takes at least a day to go around all the 3 routes which the ticket covers. The bus stops right next to the hotel as well which again was really useful.Didn't find too many restaurants near the hotel, but there are shops and a couple of hypermarkets within a 2 min walk, and a big shopping centre a longer walk away.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>KentTraveller1
<Content>Great Hotel for a short break I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights. For a 3 night break I thought it was a great location. Coming from Barcelona airport we took the train to Sants station which was approx. 20 mins journey. Coming out of Sants station the hotel is directly opposite the station, about a 5 mins walk.Daniel at reception checked us in and he was very polite, informative and gave us a map and highlighted all the main attractions of the city. We were a bit disappointed when we found out that the pool was part of the spa therefore to use its facilities it came at a cost of 6 euros, which wasn't highlighted when the booking was made. The plus side to this was that the hotel around the corner Epox Hotel had an outdoor pool on the roof, free of charge to Torre Catalyuna guests. This was great as we could sunbathe and use the pool with the benefits of a spa in the hotel, even though we had to pay for it. We did use the spa which I would recommend as it was lovely and great to relax for a couple of hours after a days of city sightseeing.We took a Barcelona sightseeing bus which was behind the train station and we also spent a day at the beach which is about 25 mins by metro. Las Ramblas by metro is also about 15 mins away. For a short stay in Barcelona and if you looking to do a variety of things I thought the location was ideal.In general the area is relatively quiet, but there are quite a few major building works going on in the area. We were woken up one morning by some works, but on the whole it didn't affect our stay in the hotel. There are also a handful of restaurants in the area. Rooms were clean, spacious and modern. There wasn't a kettle in the room but we were offered the choice of upgrading our rooms to the 21st floor, with slippers, bathrobes and tea and cofffee facilties at the cost of 6 euros a night. I did think this was a bit outrageous as for a 4 star hotel I would have thought that these basic items came in each room.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>bonscottIreland
<Content>its ok -the reviiews in tripadviser give it way too much credit i booked this after reading loads of great reviews in tripadviser it aint that great.expect to pay over 25 euro if u get taxi to hotel from airport a bit expensive in my opinion.'u get to hotel and u have to give more ids than u do at the airport!!!room is small with a view of a carpark!the best thing in the room is the television a wide screen t v with skynews and bbc plus spanish channels.bathroom is average whatever u do dont taake anything from the minibar 5.5o euro for 1 can of cola !!its near the metro so you can get anywhere in barce-shops are across the road in sans train sstation.it is a nice area no dodgy characters around staff are pleasant-overall average  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>DazBucks
<Content>Great location, great serive We spent 5 nights at the Gran Torre Catalunya in Barcelona in early June. The location of the hotel is perfect for transport connections. Next to Barcelona-Sants station it's just 20 minutes on the train to the airport. You have train and metro connections and a good selection of buses just outside the hotel.It's also just a 10-15 minute walk to Placa Espagna, where there are again good transport connections.The room was clean and reasonably spacious. A large TV and separate sinks in the bathroom. The staff very really friendly and helpful. We asked for their help every day and were never disappointed. Breakfast was not included in the room price, which was a shame. At 16 euros, per person, it's a little expensive, though the view, from the 23rd floor is great. There was an alternative buffet breakfast for 6 euros on the ground floor, though we did not try this. There's plenty of cafe's and bakeries close by if you wanted to venture out  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>JKM808
<Content>NOT so Grand! I depended very much on the TripAdvisor reviews when I booked this hotel for me and my wife. The reviews were so ecstatic, I was positive that this would be the perfect hotel for our trip to Barcelona. Our experience was pretty far from perfect. I feel that I need to write a review that will balance out the glowing reviews that this hotel has been receiving as a fair warning to my fellow travelers who also depend on and love TripAdvisor.In the three nights we stayed at the Gran Hotel Torre Catalunya, we had a poor overall experience.Firstly, the standard rooms are average. Barely 4 stars, I found the standard room dark, stuffy and pretty grim. While indeed close to a train/subway station, the hotel's location also felt far from much of Barcelona's cultural attractions. Be prepared for a five-seven minute walk to the station plus a 15-20 minute ride to get to any major attraction. Prior to our third day at the hotel (covered here in just a bit) the staff members were fine. Not overly helpful or friendly, the service they provided met, but did not exceed expectations for the prices we paid.Our trip happened to coincide with Holy Week 2008 and our last day was Good Friday, a pretty major holiday in Barcelona. Not knowing what sites might have limited hours on Good Friday, we planned an early start to our day. We asked the hotel for a 7:30 am wake up call on Friday morning. We received no call. Instead, a bellhop knocked on our door at 9:40 am as a wake up call. He explained that he was sent because there was no answer to a call to our room at 7:30 am. Our first thought was that we definitely did not miss a call at 7:30 because the phones were extra loud. Our second thought was, Why, if we were supposed to receive a 7:30 call, was the bellhop now standing at our door at 9:40? Not wanting to take it out on the messenger, I thanked the bellhop and told him I would be taking it up with the hotel management.At the lobby we explained the situation to the manager in charge. She initially seemed dubious of our story, perhaps believing that we really did miss a 7:30am call. Because we persisted, she eventually called the person responsible for the wake up calls. They admitted to her, she explained, that they simply forgot to call us. Needless to explain further, this was a frustrating situation having already lost a good few hours in our last full day in Barcelona.To make up for the issue, the manager offered to upgrade our room for the last night. They did follow through with this gesture which we are appreciative of. However, I can't help but feel let-down by my overall experience at the Gran Hotel Torre Catalunya.  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	2	3	3	2	3	

<Author>Angela077
<Content>Great service Spent 3 nights at this Hotel, very friendly and helpful English speaking staff, room ready when we arrived at 12md. Three of us staying in the room but still plenty of space. Safe in room very useful. Every thing kept very clean. Good shower and toilet facilities. Great breakfast with efficient staff, and serving hot coffee. View from restaurant 23 floor wonderful, also had good evening meal in restaurant although a little pricey. Great links to public transport, main line train station and metro within in yards of Hotel, easy to use. Would recomend this Hotel to anybody visiting Barcelona.  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>MikeJM-NYC
<Content>Great Hotel away from the crowds of downtown       Closer shot of hotel entrance  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Amanda032
<Content>Everything you would want and more! First trip to Barcelona for a 3 night trip with my mum. Barcelona is a fantastic city and one I would certainly like to return to with husband and kids in tow.As stated in previous reviews the journey from the airport into Sants estacio is free, (they give you the ticket as you get to the train barrier and then again at Sants for your return) very quick (3 stops away)and easy. The hotel is right by the station but make sure you come out of the right exit! Very straightforward check-in with polite and informative staff. We had taken the advice from reviewers and booked an executive room and were on the 17th floor with the great views everyone talks about. Bathroom was great with bath, separate shower and double sinks - bath robes and slippers are provided too. My only slight critism (and really only when looking hard) was that the air con was not very powerful and the room could be very hot when you first come in despite it only being May. We made use of the free safe after reading and hearing from friends about the risk of pickpockets and this was good advice, though we felt entirely safe throughout our stay. The locals are friendly and helpful and the metro system is a joy - simple to use, cheap (buy the 10 tickets at the station machines and share), and gets you to anywhere you would want. However, we had booked the tourist bus additionally and this was probably easier to reach the admission free Gaudi park and generally get your bearings - again better to buy on line. There appear to be two separate companies and we had booked with the seemingly less well known, Barcelona tours,(orange buses rather than multi-coloured) after some initial difficulties finding the stop near the hotel (turn right as you leave the hotel), this seemed like a good company which takes you close to all the main sights and if you don't want to go into some of the Gaudi buildings you can at least see the outside from the bus which are amazing. However, we did go inside the cathedral, which is good value for money, I think. We also visited the Picasso museum and if you are an art lover it is a lovely place to go - the building is beautiful and there are many of his works. Nearby the museum is the area to find various tapas and also the Gothic church.Eating wise there is so much choice - I would recommend Los Caracoles but get there early (7.30) as it is as busy as the equally famous 5 Cats in Place Real. The snails are fab and then spit roast chicken to name only a couple of the choices but the atmosphere seems very authentic. If you are seated downstairs, make sure you go to the toilet as the place is much larger than you expect and has some very interesting decoration and twists and turns, so I nearly got lost!We also pre-booked a dinner and flamenco show, (just off la Ramblas) which was an excellent recommendation by the hotel staff, who also booked on our behalf,. 60 euros for both a wonderful and extensive buffet, including drinks, paella and various seafood and salad dishes. The falamenco took my breath away and as it is a fairly small venue it feels intimate and not too touristy - in fact there were many Spanish and few British except for us.We had the breakfast at the hotel on the final morning - which had a vast choices, fantastic views and service, and was very convenient for our midday departure.All in all, I would highly recommend a trip to Barcelona, any sort of group (shame even the hen weekends have got here , though not too overwhelming). I would also recommend the hotel, though we didn't use the spa, we may have for a longer stay and if the rest of the hotel is anything to go by, I am sure it is great.  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Cathie Jepson
<Content>A really enjoyable stay We stayed in a superior room at this hotel and as all the other reviews say the view is fantastic. The room was spotless and well appointed with a kettle, ironing board, robes, aircon and a fantastic bathroom with a huge walk in shower plus twin washbasins. The staff are lovely (in all areas) and really helpful. The location we liked - the city centre was absolutely packed, so in a way it was nice to get away from it (even though we invariably headed back that way to a restaurant in the evening). There is a locals bar/restaurant just 5 mins walk from the hotel(either full menu or tapas, which we had) if you're too tired to head back into town. The food was nice but the place is brightly lit (so not the place for a romantic evening!). We didn't have dinner at the hotel but the breakfast was excellent. I thought at first it was expensive, but the selection was amazing and all really fresh. Transport links from the hotel are good with the train station so close, with the metro, which is frequent and clean. There is also a taxi rank outside the station - and they are not too expensive for heading into town at night (approx 鈧?). Also one of the tourist hop on hop off bus routes stops outside the station.  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Busmantoo
<Content>A good 4* hotel offering tranquility and 5* friendly service It might seem to be a long way from the action but it is a lovely hotel to return to at the end of a hectic day and if you're flying into the city you can travel FREE by rail from the airport (until they finish renovation work which would appear to be MONTHS away!) to Barcelona Sants station right next door to the hotel! It's well served by the Metro and you can be in the thick of it in minutes. The Metro is VERY good.The hotel offers 4* value for money but the food (breakfast  dinner) is 5*. All the staff are well-trained and friendly and the restaurant offers the best views and some of the best fusion tastes in the city. Dining is NOT cheap but the overall experience MUST be tried at least once.You will read other recommendations about getting an upgrade to your room. It cost us 鈧?2 more but it's worth it for the views on the higher floors. If you can get a deal - then GO! Stay here and enjoy!  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Cleggy
<Content>Loved it Really clean hotel with nice spacious air conditioned rooms. Large bathroom. Although there is nothing in the area near the hotel it is right beside the metro stop and main train station. We used metro on our stay in Barcelona and found it great to use at nights too. Really good value for the money  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>ratul
<Content>Fantastic stay Fantastic stay. Why?1. The view2. The staff3. The Location. The view is incredible. We had a 19th floor room overlooking all of Barcelona. I can assure you there is nothing better than waking up to an outstanding view of the city. It really makes the trip quite pleasurable. Upgrade for the extra 8 euros a night. It is definitely worth it. The staff is welcoming and incredibly helpful. This is comforting and useful as they know about the best restaurants and bars in the city, as well as places to avoid. Can't say anything better about them. The location is great. Close to the city centre by metro (which is so convenient) and away from the sketchy parts of the city. It's very nice to have this place as your base .The room is great, price is fantastic, and the staff will make you feel welcome. Any negatives? Not particularly no.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Serval
<Content>Nice hotel, but location could be better This is a nice hotel with excellent service and large bathrooms. The front desk staff were always extremely helpful and friendly. The metro is close to the hotel as well as a train station. There are no restaurants near the hotel. The hotel's restaurant on the top floor is good with a great view of the city, but has a limited menu. I was in Barcelona for just 3 nights and would have preferred a hotel within walking distance to restaurants and sights.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>jgatsby
<Content>An excellent hotel! We have just returned from our second stay at this great city hotel. Situated next to the main Sants station in Barcelona we think the Torre Catalunya must have a great recruitment programme for it's staff are a major strength. Nothing is too much trouble and everyone makes you feel like a valued guest from the Reception to the cleaning staff, from the Lounge Bar to the lovely top floor restaurant. Pay the extra 9 Euros per night for an executive room and you get a wonderful view of the city, a spacious room with all the frills - robes, slippers, large TV and CD player and a bathroom that is clean and fitted with every amenity you could wish for. Breakfast is one of those occasions that could last all morning which is probably why they finish at 10 on a weekday and 11 at the weekend. The top floor restaurant gives you the views and provides an imaginative menu. It is expensive and if you stay for several days it may be a last night treat. The bar provides a cheaper option with pizza, pasta and a really good burger on offer. Being a city centre hotel there is no outside space to relax in but there is a park next to the hotel. Also the structure features a lot of glass and the strong sun can make the room hot as the air con is not brilliant. Parking is underground but you do not need a car in Barcelona as the public transport is brilliant. A T10 card will give you ten journeys by Metro, bus, local train or tram for less than 1 Euro per journey. We would thoroughly recommend this hotel and will return.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RosieFlynn
<Content>Great spacious hotel! I've stayed here twice and have been really pleased with both stays.The staff have always been very friendly and helpful and rooms are a great size. The bathrooms are what do it for me, they are really lovely (remind me of the Hyatt ones) large walk in shower and seperate bath tub, with a good selection of amenites.There is is small workout area that I've used a lot but have never seem any one else in there, the pool area is nice too, great to relax after all the sightseeing.There's a great restaurant on one of the top floors, providing amazing views of the city. I've only ever eaten breakfast here, which was great, a big selection of fruits, bread, pastries, hot food (eggs, meats etc) with tea  coffee served to you.My only gripe is that it's not in the center of all the action, and there are very few places to eat within walking distance (not that I've discovered anyway!)...but taxis are always availble and very reasonable too.I'll be back in Barcelona later this month and am deciding if I should stay here again, If I find nothing else closer to the city I'll be pleased to book here.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>mshel21
<Content>Great base to explore barcelona       View from left in room 1806  
<Date>Mar 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>pinkprincess50
<Content>fantastic hotel my boyfriend and i have just come back from an excellent weekend break, friday until monday.we stayed in the Gran Torre Catalunya Barcelona.The hotel was fantastic, it was immaculate and spacious. The staff were so friendly and helpful, explaining where to go and what there was to see.We asked for more blankets and they were sent up at once. The hotel was in an excellent location, we were right across the road form the metro station, and from the open top bus tour, which is great value for money. I would highy recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MDFE
<Content>Terrific Hotel Great hotel, next to Estatio Sants station, accessed via train or aircoach from the airport. You cannot miss the 23 storey new hotel building as you exit the station It has a massive SONY radio aerial on the roof. The hotel is very new so the owners may have built it to be ready for the extra visitors when the new high speed train from Madrid arrives. That is the reason for the building work at the station. We visited in Nov 07 and the work did not affect us at all. Terrific cheap buffet in the station restaurant which we used prior to departing on the way home. We booked flights via EasyJet and the hotel via 鈥榚Xcape with us鈥?which gave us a good deal for four nights. However, I tried for hours on the internet to seek a phone number for the hotel so I could ring and make sure our booking was on their system (which I always do).Reading the other reviews I came across the fact that the old 6 storey Expo hotel next door was in the same group. Typed in expo hotels and voila! - a telephone number - which is [--]. The website is 鈥榚xpogrupo.com鈥?(and they own the fabulous Mare Nostrum resort in Tenerife). When we arrived all the reception staff spoke excellent English and very really helpful. We had booked a standard room because the eXcape site did not give the option of a superior room. Reception told us standard rooms are up to floor 9, and superior room floors 10-16. Floors 17-22 are more expensive and I think some are suites. We chose floor 16 with panoramic views and paid 8 euros each per night extra, which matched what others were offering on the web.Other reviews are accurate re the excellent facilities and restaurants so I will not repeat them here but instead give a little feedback on the city.Barcelona is very much bigger than we envisaged but if you like walking you can see so much. We walked in to the centre by different routes every day and in the evening came home by taxi for 拢5. There are three open topped bus tour routes, which if you did them all back to back would take a whole day. However they are worth it especially the two day 鈥榟op-on, hop-off鈥?ticket which we used. There is a lot to see so get a cheap guide book and plan your visit. Sagrada Familia is architecturally, simply stunning. The maritime museum shows how Spain was able to navigate the world centuries ago. There is a model of the Armada鈥檚 flagship - what must have been an awesome sight coming across the English Channel. Regarding security, If you are sensible Barcelona is no more dangerous than London, Manchester, Leeds etc. I wear Rohan or Meyer trousers both of which have zipped security pockets inside a front pocket, where I keep some money for the day. I have sewn an internal security pocket (拢3 John Lewis) inside the waist band where I keep passports and remainder of euros for the holiday. My wife always wears her Eagle Creek secure handbag across her shoulder with zips closed. Any self respecting pickpocket will go for the back pocket wallets and the open handbags which are in abundance. Some people simply do not think - until it is too late and the wallet or purse has gone.The hotel was always a nice place to return to in the evening, for a drink or meal in the bar or a nice relaxing bath. For Barcelona, we recommend the Gran Hotel Torre Cataluna.Hope this is helpful. MF Wakefield  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>broadbean
<Content>fantastic hotel I booked this hotel to celebrate my boyfriend's 30th - including taking him to the football. I wanted something quite special with a good base for getting around and also that was quite near to Nou Camp.I was not disappointed. The hotel was fabulous. We landed quite early in the day so went with regard to ask what time we would be able to check in - this wasn't a problem, they checked us in straight away. As the receptionist checked us in, she told us all about the facilities and then gave us a map of Barcelona, marking places to go and the easiest metro stops to use.We got to our room and it was of a very high standard. We had a twin room on the 10th floor. There was a double sink, bath, seperate walk in shower and toilet enclosed by another door. It's all modernly decorated and clean.We also ate in the hotel bar as we needed to eat quite late due to the 7pm football kick off. the food was excellent, quite expensive but worth it for ease and good food.Overall, this hotel is one of the best i have ever stayed in. the staff were fantastic and spoke excellent english. I highly recommend this hotel  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Dreamer1980
<Content>Loved it, loved it, loved it! Went a couple of years ago to watch the Barca -v- Real Madrid game with partner.Room - absolutely wonderful! Can't remember which floor but quite high up, with a great view and as they gave us a corner room, the windows went right the way around. Huge widescreen tv, massive bed, lovely linen, spacious, clean, modern.Bathroom - probably the best i've seen in a hotel, walk in shower room, plus a big bath. Loo had a frosted door though which made me a bit conscious! But very clean, and modern.Staff - absolutely lovely. One of the guys who helped us with our luggage found out it was our first time and immediately took us to the restaurant on the top floor to show us the spectacular views, even thought the restaurant was shut at that time. Most spoke decent English too. Very polite and welcoming. Also gave us advice on where to go etc.Location - not bad, we hired a car as Barcelona is so much bigger than we realised, woth so much to see and do. There was a train station outside but didn't use it.Dining - didn't get to eat there unfortunately but looked amazing. I called to book the night before but they were fully booked for 2 days!Would I stay again - definately.Good for - any reason really!  
<Date>Jan 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>manutwo
<Content>A great hotel in a wonderful city       View from our room  
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>JQ25
<Content>Great Hotel       Views From Our Room  
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ram_murdock
<Content>best hotel i've ever stayed in This hotel is gorgeous. the view is wonder and the hotel is close to the city, the station is accross the road from the hotel - a 7 euro ticket provided me and my boyfriend with travel for two days and to the airport on the way home. taxi's are quite expensive- it cost us 30 euro to get to the hotel originally.Rooms are clean, large and cleaned daily. breakfast is gorgous and a continuous supply of food is available. this hotel is luxurious - i loved the way they brought the ice up to the room and delivered cocktails at no added cost. room service is additional is you want food. both restuarants are lovely although the 23rd floor one is rather expensive. the pool facilities are quite small but any time we were there - no one else was!! so plenty of room for two!! at the pool robes and slippers are provided.we also received chocolates on our bed and on arrival an english speaking receptionist showed us places to visit and how to get there which was extremely useful! i give this hotel 10/10 - i will definately be going back!  
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>WhyFlyBy
<Content>Decent But Nothing Special We stayed at this hotel for 3 days during Dec 2007. The hotel is located across the parking lot from the Estacio Sants, which is a major train station. Getting from the airport to the hotel was simple and inexpensive. Actually, it was free; the 20 minute train ride from the airport to the Sants station was free in both directions when we were there Christmas week.This hotel has about 20 floor and felt more like a business travelers hotel than one for vacationers. The checkin staff was very nice and always willing to help with suggestions or directions. All staffers we met spoke English sufficiently well. We were told we got a courtesy upgrade to a premium room. The room was large and had a desk, a couple of chairs and a spacious bathroom. We wanted a queen or king size bed. What we got was two, not particularly comfortable, single beds pushed together. Nobody like sleeping in the crack between the beds. We had just come from Madrid, where we stayed at the ME Madrid, which had a very comfortable mattress. By comparison, these beds felt like a big step down.The bathroom was clean and large, sporting terrazzo marble. It contained a deep tub, huge walk-in shower, toilet, and bidet. There was an in-room safe which supposedly cost 3 euros a day but we never got charged for using it.The hotel offers wired Internet in the room which can be rented by the hour or day. They also have a business center where they'll let you check email for 5 minute for free. The hotel location was decent. It's not in the center of town but its easy to get around by metro, and there's a stop within a block or so of the hotel. Given the trade offs between quality, price, and location, this felt like a good pick.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	5	4	4	

<Author>sombochris
<Content>Safe Hotel in easy to get to location Not having been to Barcelona in several years, I managed to get a cheap flight and boked this hotel very cheaply on the internet. Having paid through the nose in the past and stayed in some scary locations, I was somewhat apprehensive about returning to Barcelona. My wife however likes to shop and practice her spanish, and I would go anywhere rather than work! Enough drivel. The hotel is beside Saints train station. The train was free to and from the airport (only costs E2.50 anyway). The hotel has a metro nearby. Staff are very efficient. The hotel is of a good standard and worth travelling out of the centre of the town to. We found a good cafe/bar opposite the metro, which was really cheap, but really good, much better than stuffy hotel breakfasts. The bar has a wide range of drinks, but gave us cava rather than champaigne, yet charged the full price. On our second night there the station was having renovation work done. Builders worked throughout the night, VERY NOiSLY. Thank god I was'nt staying longer. I would definately go back once the building work was complete. Whilst it wasen't the hotels fault it is impossible to sleep through. Surely the locals can put a stop to this. Give it a month or two and it should be fine.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BermyBye
<Content>Beautiful Hotel in Great City Stayed here with friends after a transatlantic voyage for a few days in Barcelona.Very sleek, stylish hotel located near the train station, north in the city. Very friendly and helpful staff chekced us in very efficiently before we were escorted to our rooms.Very modern rooms with flat screen TV with multi language cable stations, remote control stereo system, two single beds (can be pushed together), lots of storage and massive bathroom (shower and toilet separated).Excellent view of city from room and from the restaurant on the very top floor. Excellent food selection for breakfast, lunch and dinner.A small bar and brasserie off the lobby offers lighter meals from lunch until late in the evening. Very comfortable chairs, popular with some locals too.The metro station nearby gave quick access to all of Barcelona and there is a convienence store nearby (2 min walk) for anything you may need.Overall an excellent stay, to be repeated.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cornwalls-hunny
<Content>great staff only stayed for one night, very clean, staff very helpful and can speak english well! Hotel in Ideal situation literally across the road from main Train station- Sants Barcelona, also Aerobus stops right outside this! Mini bar in room just No hot drink making facilities availble in rooms.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hildadajos
<Content>excellent on all counts very nice hotel - super friendly and helpfull staff from the minute we arrived - did everything they could to make the stay nice. rooms great, breakfast fabulous, we eat kosher and managed great with juices , fresh fruit platters (loads of pineapple), smoked salmon galore, cereals yogurts everything - lots of ham etc if you want it. Position one minute walk from metro, with a four minute ride into the centre (or anywhere else!)HIGHLY RECOMMENDED  
<Date>Dec 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>scooterguy
<Content>Very Nice Hotel We had booked a standard room, but being concerned about the ongoing construction at the Sants station directly across the street, we paid an extra 24Euros/night for a deluxe room on the 21st floor. We still could hear some noise but not enough to disturb our sleep. Our room was spacious, by European standards, clean and modern. We had a safe and a mini-bar. We did not use any of the dining facilities, The bathroom was very nice. Although not located near the tourist attractions, we found getting around to be relatively easy using the subway and also the Tuistic Bus one day. There is a supermarket located beneath the hotel (looking at the front of the hotel, it is on the right). We were very pleased with the Gran Hotel Torre Catalunya.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>BriandVee
<Content>Great city. Great Hotel. Situated 200yds from Barcelona's Sants Estacio central train station the Gran Torre Catalunya stands impressively tall in the Barcelona skyline and is visible from most of the city. We received a very warm welcome at reception and the girl on duty was only too eager to advise us on the best places to visit whilst in town. Every staff member we came in contact with had good English and like reception were friendly and helpful at all times.At 23 storeys the hotel offers exceptional views of the city especially from the top floor Visual Restaurant where breakfast and dinner is served. The restaurant is pricey but the views of the city and unlimited supply of high quality fare on offer at the breakfast buffet set you up for a day of sightseeing. It's worth it at least once during your stay.Our room was on the 12th floor overlooking the construction work on the station below but we were never disturbed by the noise. Our comfortable Executive room was air-conditioned, equipped with a large-screen TV; Mini-bar; stereo system and the essential room-safe. The Bathroom was a delight with marble floors and walls combination Bath/shower; twin sinks and separate partitioned area with toilet and bidet.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>NJtraveler48
<Content>Modern, Well-Run Hotel This hotel is conveniently situated within short walking distance of the Barcelona Sants railway station offering direct service from the BCN Airport. The hotel is a modern high-rise, with large contemporary rooms, efficient, helpful staff; and the included breakfast in a beautiful 23rd floor setting was among the best we have experienced in extensive European travels. Highly recommended for reasonable cost lodging in an expensive, beautiful city.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Mrs_TBristol
<Content>Lovely Hotel! Just returned from a 4 night break in Barcelona, staying at Torre Catalunya. Very difficult to fault the hotel at all - every member of staff we came into contact with was polite, helpful and very friendly; the hotel is very modern (without feeling cold) and spotlessly clean; the views from the windows are pretty incredible. Our only complaint would be concerning the restaurant on the 23rd floor - fantastic views over Barcelona (especially at night) but the meal we had there on our first night was very expensive for what it was - and dare I say rather pretentious? The steaks we asked for well done were all very underdone and full of gristle - practically inedible! The desserts were OK, but one was served on a badly cracked dish - when we complained, they readily offered not to charge for any of the three desserts. Maybe we were just unfortunate to experience this, but we did not eat in the restaurant again during out stay. However, that said, the Lounge Bar on the ground floor serves a very good choice of meals at lunch and in the evening, and each meal we had there was delicious (and much cheaper!). Breakfasts (on 23rd floor) are great - everything you could possible want, from beautiful fresh fruits to bacon; pastries to cereals.The hotel may be a little too far away from the centre and the Port area for some, but it makes for a pleasant walk during the day - or an interesting ride on the Tourist bus (good value).  
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>blonder_ambitions
<Content>Nice features at the Gran Torre Catalunya After some considerable time trying to locate a good hotel in Barcelona, I settled on the Gran Hotel. I was attracted by the spa and other facilities, location and, of course, the price!Whilst central (it's right by the main train station (Sants) in Barcelona) and about a 10 minute walk to Placa Espana and a few stops on the metro to Sagrada Familia or Las Ramblas, it is not within walking distance to the main touristy area. However, if you don't mind travelling a bit then this is a nice hotel. An added plus is that one of the tourist tour buses stops near the hotel (but get to the bus stop early as that gets busy - goodness knows what it's like at peak times in the summer months!)Back to the hotel. Upon arrival, we were greated by a friendly welcome and given some useful information about the area and where to get food etc. Note that if you're not booked in for breakfast but want to be, it's cheaper to sign up for breakfasts when you check in than turning up each morning at breakfast. We were disappointed to learn that to use the gym/spa etc we would have to pay locally. This was not mentioned on the website we booked with, nor on the hotel website. Had we known this, this could have influenced our decision to stay there.We had paid for an executive room and had a nice room on the 12th floor. We couldn't really fault the room at all - clean, well presented and modern. Tea and Coffee etc were provided (an added plus in Europe!) and the shower/bathroom was to die for. Perhaps a small grumble was the lack of a proper second pillow for each of us (there was a large cushion) but this may have been able to be resolved by a quick call to housekeeping (we were too lazy to bother!).We weren't too adventurous on our first night, and went to the top floor hotel restaurant for dinner. Whilst expensive, the food was good (although of the no vegetables with main meals variety) and the views spectacular. Service was excellent until we wanted to pay. We would recommend this for a special occasion.Breakfast in the morning was what others on this site have described - plenty of variety to suit all tastes, possibly expensive (but convenient) however as previously stated, the hot food was cold. However, service was good and everything was replaced quickly. The view from that floor in the daytime is also good. Even if you decide not to go for breakfast/dinner, definitely wander on up to admire the view from that floor.A good feature of the hotel is that you don't have to pay for internet access for the first 5 minutes of use. This means you can use the computers to check in for free.In the end, we didn't use the spa facilities (I objected to paying extra for them), but they seemed ok. The gym was quite small (as was the pool) but everything appeared to be in order.Generally we have no substantive complaints about this hotel. Service was good. The location was convenient (the metro is literally across the road from the hotel) and we could travel to everywhere we wanted too without any problems. As mentioned, we were disappointed to have to pay for the gym/spa but perhaps we should have expected this. We would probably return to the hotel.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>urbanelectron
<Content>REALLY convient-completely recommed this hotel This is a very modern, safe, pleasant hotel. It is located SO near the Sants (Saints?) train station you could throw a tennis ball over to it and hit it (RIGHT across the street). There is major construction right out front and across the street on the train station, but unless you are very near the bottom floors on the west end you'd never know it--i must admit we were there on a weekend tho, maybe is it loud on weekdays. We stayed on the 10th floor. The free breakfast was insanely good: a ginormous buffet with tons of everything: all kinds of juices, pastries, meats, coffee, cereal, yadda, yadda and vegetarian friendly. And the view from the restaurant is gorgeous, just make sure to get there early and grab a window seat and a free paper!). It is very clean and the bathrooms are really killer too: marble with frosted glass doors. You have to stick your key in the inside light switch to make it turn on (odd, esp since we arrived at night and had no clue), so get an extra key if you have to hang out alone with and wish to have lights on. There are a bunch of English channels, mostly news and sports. The hotel staff was exceptionally polite and very helpful too. And there are the subway stops right across the street making the trip to the Ramblas/Borne area about 10-15 minutes away total time. No free WIFI. Did not use spa or eat in restaurant in hotel. This is very, very good hotel!  
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>taroun7
<Content>perfect view the room was perfectvery big and with breathtaking viewthe restaurant was also lovely  
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	4	3	

<Author>AndyShelleyHoliday
<Content>Amazing views and lovely rooms- great for couples       The hotel  
<Date>Oct 5, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>ian_ok
<Content>Good hotel but noisy We stayed in the Torre for 4 nights at the end of Sept 2007 and it was a mixed experience.The location was fine - we knew it was a little way out of the centre but with the proximity of Sants station and the metro it was fine. We also knew there was building work nearby so knew there might be some building noise.Barcelona was very busy, due to various conferences etc and The Police concert on 27 Sept which we went to (and fabulous it was too!). It meant the first night was expensive (260 Euros) but the following nights were about 160 euros per night. To add insult to injury the hotel charges 6 Euros per person per visit to the Spa, which might not be much but it鈥檚 the principle鈥?Our first problem was they didn鈥檛 have our reservation when we arrived, despite using a well known website and paying in full in advance, after about 20 mins at the reception desk this was resolved and they 鈥渇ound鈥?our reservation. The next problem was with internet access as my husband wanted to make an internet conference call on the Friday. He was advised wireless connection would work in our room but when it didn鈥檛 he contacted Reception and was told wireless only worked on the first two floors of the hotel. They didn鈥檛 send anyone for about 45 mins by which time he鈥檇 missed the start of his call鈥?Later on that day we couldn鈥檛 get access to the internet again and that time had to wait for over an hour for anyone to come to our room. On check out we had to argue our case to get them to wave their connection charge.On the Friday night we wanted a relatively early night following a day鈥檚 sight seeing and we were kept awake by noisy neighbours 鈥減artying鈥?in the corridor from about 3am until 7am. We called reception and they sent someone to speak to the other guests. The noise was partly as the room doors don鈥檛 have a slow close mechanism and therefore are quite noisy when they close and also the floors are marble 鈥?both in the corridors and rooms, so you can hear everyone walking around as well as not having soft furnishings to absorb some of the noise.After such a disturbed night the hotel staff agreed to move us to a much higher floor and they did so the following morning and in fact we were also given a room upgrade, so they handled that complaint well. To be honest we were so tired we鈥檇 have checked out and gone elsewhere if it wasn鈥檛 for the fact our four nights were already paid for.Check out on the Sunday was also very slow. Perhaps we suffered from a particularly busy time for the hotel and they certainly didn鈥檛 have enough staff to deal with guests although they did try to resolve problems. We are back in Barcelona before Christmas but won鈥檛 be staying there again.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>2	3	4	4	4	2	2	1	

<Author>busywhizzy
<Content>Perfect Hotel -You must stay here! We have just returned from a 4 night break to celebrate our wedding anniversary at this lovely hotel. After reading other travellers reviews we were aware that there was some building work going on outside and the general advice was to ask for a room as high as possible, not only for the views but because of the noise! When we arrived we were told that we had only booked and paid for a standard room which would only get us a room as high as the 6th floor, however we were given the option to upgrade an extra 12 euro's a night upto 15 floor (I think), then extra 24 euro's upto 20 floor then even more to get higher and a suite. We opted for an extra 12 euro's to get a room on the 15 floor. We were a little early checking in so left our cases and hopped on a tourist bus, when we returned we were delighted to find that the kind receptionist had given us a double bed executive room on the 20th floor with the most amazing views! and we couldn't hear the building work. Just remember to be kind and considerate when asking and you might be as lucky as us! the room was always left clean with complimentary chocolates every day. The bed was huge and really comfortable and the room had the TV sound linked into the bathroom. Our package included breakfast and we'd certainly recommend you try and get breakfast included as it was an extra 20 euros each a day otherwise. The breakfast selection was huge and of good quality including a health section with a fresh smoothie every morning. You are able help yourself to as much as you like including smoked salmon, pastries, traditional english, continential. Even chilled bottles of bubbly are on ice.Recommend you treat yourself to a session in the spa for only 6 euro's each. the hydro massages in the pool are just what you need after a day walking in the city! All the staff that we came into contact with always had a smile.As the hotel is in the financial district we used the metro to visit all the other parts of the city. We recommend you buy a T10 ticket from the ticket machines in the stations, it's only 6.90 euro's, we brought ourselves a couple, great value for money as we could also use this to get to and from the airport. Be careful your not ripped off when visiting The Rambles, best to eat and drink just off one of the side street as you can pay as much as 7 euros for a pint of beer! steer clear of Mickys. However we recommend the salads in Moka just at the top of The Rambles. We would certainly recommend this hotel to friends and will hopefully return soon.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Krissue
<Content>Fantastic views and a great location We have just returned from a three-night break at the Torre Catalunya and are full of praise for its ideal location, being adjacent to the mainline rail station 'Estacio Barcelona Sants' which links straight to the airport and sandwiched between the two Metro stations of 'Sants Estacio' and 'Tarragona' ,both of which are on green Line 3 giving direct access to Las Ramblas.I'd recommend you try to get a room at the front on a high floor (we were on the 10th) and go for a 'twin room' if possible rather than a 'double'. Our two teen sons (17 and 15) had a 'twin room' and were totally gobsmacked by the huge walk-in shower room, acres of space and panoramic views of the mountains. My wife and I had a 'double', which although beautifully equipped, was considerably smaller, with just an over bath type shower. Be warned that there is considerable construction work going on at the front of the hotel for extension work to the railway station, so there is some noise, even at night!! Hence the need for a high floor. All the staff at the hotel were very friendly.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>babette62
<Content>Excellent rooms and great location Great location : easy to get to the cityHotel rooms (standard double bed) were perfect, huge beds and the usual: TV, bath, bidet (perfect for cooling cava bottles), hairdryer. We were offered to upgrade but we didnt. We were on the 3rd floor (1st floor of rooms), view wasnt great but since we were out mst of the day didnt matter much. View from the 23rd floor is amazing , although we didnt eat there (student budget). We had breakfast in our rooms having bought previously things from the supermarket at the bottom of the Hotel.We used the SPA facilities, and would definitly recommend them. It was quite quiet ( we went round 6pm) and they are clean , no real pool so wouldnt recommend the Hotel for a family with small children if a swimming pool is a necessity. there is a small heated pool however in the SPA area which is nice to relax in.Staff was reasonably nice but have to agree with a previous review about the lack of character, slightly cold.. It did seem very buissiness and professional but again being out most of the day , was ok.We ordered food through room service, although a little dear , the food was very nice and service excellent as well.To sum it up: excellent hotel recommend it for couples, buissness men/women, for a relaxing weekend..Only annoying thing was the noise from the builders outside , but should be soon ended.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	4	4	5	3	

<Author>RconTipperary
<Content>Thoroughly enjoyed it Stayed in Gran Torre after reading reviews. We were not disappointed. The staff were so helpful. I learned a lot about Barcelona after reading through forums. It made my trip much more enjoyable and knew where to go and what to see. Don't forget to go to Placa Espana [ just a ten minute walk from hotel] and enjoy the wonderful display of the water fountain with the vibrant colours and wonderful music.THe hotel is so well situated as it is a short journey on metro to centre and is a pleasure to return to a quiet restful room.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tina236
<Content>Brilliant hotel and great location Brilliant hotel across the road from the main Sants station and just a couple of stops from the centre. Dont miss breakfast on the 23rd floor restaurant the view is fantastic. When going out to eat go through the station and cross over the road at the front and go a few hundred yards up the straight and you will come to very reasonable Spanish Restaurants which do not rip you off they are not the tourist filled places but full of locals. Use the metro to get in to Sants station from the Airport get a 10 trip ticket if you are staying for a few days and this also covers your trip to and from the Airport. A 10 minute walk takes you to the Barcelona Fountains dont miss this free brilliant fountain show. Nightly during summer and weekends rest of the year.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>bam49
<Content>excellent hotel!       breakfast anyone??  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>grs
<Content>Not bad hotel Ok hotel, rooms not bad, but the views we had were of the bus station, we choose to have breakfast one day which was very nice and worth doing at least one day of your stay, in my opinion there was not much around the hotel so we ventured into Las Ramblas.The staff were ok, but the hotel did seem quite cold with no character, however the good points the bed was comfortable and enjoyed a nice sleep. Supermarket only next door so could get your bottles of bottle at reasonable price.We decided to come via Girona aiport which is about 1hr 10mins to barcelona city centre, arc de tromph the metro is not far from the bus station, the metro will take about 20mins. Be careful on the metro for pickpockets.When we come back to barcelona again we will try and get a flight direct to barcelona's main airport as there is more connections to get into barcelona.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	3	-1	3	

<Author>phworld
<Content>New Modern, Spacious Rooms We decided to stay at the Gran Torre after a bad experience with the Barcelo Sants. It was night and day between the hotels. Gran Torre is also conveniently located across the street from the main station (Sants Estacio) with the same rates as Barcelo but is a couple of classes better. This hotel was modern with spacious rooms and full service spa including gym and saunas. The hotel staff was also very courteous and helpful with all of our questions.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AnAmericanTourist
<Content>Nice Hotel for European Standards, but with Problems This hotel was very nice. The room we received was very large even for American standards and two walls were windows so we had a great view. The bathroom was sizable as well. There was a bathroom with lots of amenities and separate shower. There were large closets, two tables, two chairs, large TV, and even a radio. The only problem was that when I had switched on a light, the circuit blew and we ended up sitting in the dark, along with our next door neighbors. The hotel staff came in and tried to fix the lights, but they could not. They gave us another room. That room was equally large. However, the bathroom wreaked of sewage. It was disgusting. The room also faced Sants Station, which was another negative. After going through the fiasco of packing up and moving late at night to the 2nd room, we found that the construction was still going on and would keep us up, if the smell of the bathroom did not. We went back down and asked for another room. This time, we got a smaller one, but at least the bathroom did not smell and we weren't facing the construction. However, by the time we went to bed, it was quite late.All in all, even though we had to go through this fiasco of changing rooms, the staff was accommodating. The location of the hotel was convenient. Sants Station was just around the corner and you could get anywhere form there. The train from the airport went straight here as well. There was a supermarket next door to obtain any necessities or food that was desired. It was convenient overall.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	3	4	3	

<Author>weenzie
<Content>Geat Hotel if you get it on a deal price We got a good deal on this hotel through laterooms.com. We payed 拢530.00 and stayed for 5 nights. We paid the extra amount for the room on the higher floor, which was well worth it for the brilliant night views of the city. It was a great hotel in a handy location. It is not in the centre of Barcelona but is right beside both the underground and the train station. The rooms were a lovely size with a nice big bathroom, clean and fully equiped. The staff were lovely and very helpful. There is internet access on the basement floor, free for the first half hour! You could have wi fi access for 24 hours for about 鈧?0. This is very handy if, like us , you travel with the lap top. The restaurant on the top floor is worth checking out. Its a bit pricey, but worth splashing out on for one night for the fab. views over the city. The food was good and some nice wines. There is a free bottle of cava with the voucher they give you on check in, but you have to be seated before a certain time. I didn't eat in the hotel for anything else. Breakfast for us was in the cafe which is in the supermarket under the hotel, again very handy. This is a great hotel in a handy location. I highly recommend both the hotel and Barcelona which is an amazing city with so much to see and do. We are planning to return with our toddler son soon and will be checking out the Gran Hotel Torre Catalunya for our next good deal.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>DublinTourist78
<Content>Great City, Great Hotel! Just back from 5 nights in Barcelona which has now become my most favourite city ever visited. What an amazing place! It had everything - culture, great food and wine, amazing shopping, friendly people, lovely weather, fantastic beaches(so close to city) and a brilliant transport system(so easy to get around).Stayed at the Gran Hotel Torre Catalunya after checking out reviews on Trip Advisor and other websites. Booked hotel through hotels.com. Paid 鈧?80 for an executive room for 5 nights. (I only booked a week in advance) It was right opposite Sants Station and only 5 stops on metro into the Ramblas (Drassanes station). As I mentioned, we were in an executive room. Standard room was obviously cheaper but having read the reviews which mentioned that there was building work going on at the station and that the executive rooms were higher up with less noise I booked the executive room. There was indeed building work going on at station and while you could kind of hear it early in the morning, it didn't disturb us or put us off. Our room was very large and as many reviews mention - the bathroom is amazing. I want the bathroom in my house to look like that! Marbled floors thoughout the room and the bathroom was marbled from floor to ceiling. There were his and her sinks, lovely bath with shower but then there was separate glass door in bathroom leading to toilet and bidet and then another seperate glass door leading to large shower room! Bathroom had phone and speakers in ceiling with whatever was on TV coming though to bathroom. Also great toiletries left in bathroom. Apart from the usual shampoo/conditioner/shower gel/ shower cap there was also a dental kit, shaving kit and comb!!!!!The bedroom had all you would need - including a CD player (so remember to bring CD's with you!), large TV, minibar and Tea and Coffee making facilites and internet access. The air-conditioning and black-out curtains were also greatly appreciated!! There is a safe in the room. I thought I read in some reviews that you had to pay a daily rate for the safe - you don't. The hotel itself is lovely. We were checked in promptly. The staff couldn't have been more helpful or friendly. On the first night we booked dinner in the restaurant on the 24th floor!!! What amazing views. Such an atmosphere. Free bottle of Cava if you eat between 8pm and 8-30pm. In Spain dinner is usually eaten a lot later than at home! The dinner was an experience in itself. Service fantastic. We both had 3 course dinner with one glass of the nicest red wine I have ever tasted and coffee too! The bill came to 鈧?30 which is steep but it was a lovely experience and atmosphere for our first night in Barcelona. Complimentary olives, aperatif and bread were served with the dinner. The menu might not be to everybodys liking. Found it difficult to choose a starter and in the end chose Rose Canneloni with turnip and mushroom consomm茅!!! It was actually rose petals inside canneloni style shavings of turnip in a clear mushroom soup!!!! The most bizarre thing I have ever eaten in my life. My mother had mushroom risotto with quail which was lovely. We both had the seabass for maincourse but don't expect any carbohydrates with that. It said served with green beans and mussles. I'd say there was one green bean on the plate sliced into the tiniest strips and 3 tiny mussles on the plate!!!!! I would say go up and check the restaurant and menu out and deside for yourself. Nice chilled out bar on the top floor too.Breakfast was not included in our room price. Couldn't find a deal on net for this hotel with breakfast included. Breakfast was I think 鈧?6 euro per person. As other reviewers said - you can grab breakfast in cafe across the road at cafe in station. We actually got cereal, milk, yoghurts and pastries at supermarket next door and had in our room!!!There is a spa in hotel as well as pool, sauna, steam room, gym and computers with internet access at 鈧?.20 for half an hour (or 10 minutes is free!) downstairs in basement. There is a daily rate of 鈧? if you want to use the pool/sauna/steam room and obviously spa treatments are seperate. Would defintiely recommend this hotel and will definitely stay in this hotel if I visit Barcelona again (which hopefully will be again soon!Had such a great time in this city. I know people have mentioned pick pocketers and wallets being stolen but I have to say I felt totally safe in Barcelona and didn't see any eveidence of this. Everybody is so relaxed in this city. There seems to be no trafffic, no rushing for trains or the underground and people wait for the green man even when the road is clear as far as you can see!!!!!! Anyone interested in great shopping - here are some great places: There is a shopping centre down at the bottom of the Ramblas near Aquarium and Imax called Magnummare and the L'Illa shopping centre is great too and is located on Avinguda Diagonal - metro to Maria Cristina station and 10 min walk down to centre or get tram(check out all the food places on the lower level), Roca Outlet Village(www.larocavillage.com) is great too for some designer bargains - you can get return bus for 鈧?0 (hotel can organise it......it's around 50 minutes outside Barcelona), We got train and courtesy bus from station to the village, also check out Passeig de Gracia, Placa Catalunya and Av. Portal d'Angel for some great shops.Beach is great and there are some nice places to eat and Casino as well. Get off at Barceloneta or Ciutadella i Vila Olimpica stops on Metro.Some great restaurants serving Spanish food but also ate some great Japanese food at an all you can eat carousel buffet (鈧?3.90 p.p at Japanese Restaurant on Gran Via De Les Corts (very close to hotel) and some amazing arabaic food at arabaic restaurant downstairs in L'Illa shopping centre.If you go to Barcelona in warm season make sure you go up to Tibadabo. It's high above city with a great church with statue of Jesus with arms outstretched looking down over whole city and Mediteranean. There is also a great theme park up there too with lots of rides that let you look down over the whole city. Amazing. To get there you need to get metro to Catalunya, then train to Av. Tibidabo and then tram and cable car up. The views are unbelievable! Great atmosphere up there too.As you can see, I absolutely loved Barcelona. I haven't mentioned the art museums etc as my mother who accompanied me is not interested in them whatso ever!!!! I will hopefully return again soon and check them out for myself. I have visited the Dali museum north of Barcelona which is a day trip you can do. Well worth a visit. I was there on school tour many years ago and it really got me interested in art. I would definitely recommend it if you have a day to spare.If you haven't been to Barcelona - you really don't know what you're missing. This city has everything!!!  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Carole17
<Content>Great staff - good location We flew into Barcelona and wanted to spend some time there before picking up a hire car and driving up to France. Location was perfect for that - express airport bus stops outside the hotel and train station is two minutes. Booked through alpha rooms at a great rate. Standard room on 10th floor - but it was fine - had everything we wanted. Great air con which was needed! Breakfast was included and was good, view was fabulous from 23rd floor restaurant. Best bit was the concierge Hugo. He was so helpful, advised us what to do, where to pick up the transport etc. He's also an expert on Scottish football! Didn't even have to ask - they offered to store our luggage until we came to pick it up later. All the staff were very friendly and helpful.Location might not suit on a city break as it's not in the hub - but suited us perfectly, and we really enjoyed the walk home from La Rambla. would stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>matho13
<Content>Great Hotel We just returned from three nights in Barcelona and loved our time at the Hotel Torre Catalunya. The rooms were first rate and buffet breakfast catered for all tastes. The only criticism would be that we did end up spending a bit of time on the Metro getting from place to place. The hotel is easily accessible form the airport. Just get the airport train to Barecelona Sants and the hotel is right out the front. Ticket people at the station will assit you in buying a ticket. We got a T-10 ticket which allows ten trips on the Zone 1 services.Overall a great stay.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kingcone
<Content>Great room My wife and I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights at the beginning of June 07. We were very impressed with the room, the spaciousness, the bathroom complete with seperate toilet/bidet and seperate shower cubicle and the large tv and cd system.The views from the twenty third floor restaurant over the city are stunning, the food is excellent for a continental breakfast, with plenty of different bread, fresh fruit, smoked salmon, and sparkling wine. The English breakfast is not so good by comparison.The main train and tube station is opposite the hotel which creates a little noise as there is building work continually at the station site. Buy a T10 ticket for 6.95 euro and you can have 10 trips on the tube network which is excellent for reliability and frequency. We caught the main train from the hotel station to the airport which run every 30 minutes and take 15 minutes for 5 euro each.The hotel has an indoor pool and spa but we used the sister hotel pool across the road which is on the roof and they provide the towels.To sum up,an excellent value hotel although a little way out but if you are willing to use the tube a very good base.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>anthony77
<Content>Nice bathrooms       View from 10th floor, facing West  
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>Gremio
<Content>Wow hotel!!       Nightview  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	3	-1	-1	

<Author>azsummer
<Content>Waste of money!  We are, in fact STILL here. We cannot wait to check out! Here麓s the scoop. The hotel itself is clean, modern and the rooms are spacious. That麓s as good as it gets. I booked my reservations through a travel agent in Scottsdale, Arizona and well, I should have done it myself because it would have been about the tenth of the cost and maybe it wouldn麓t suck so much....Fisrt of all, if you speak English, they have people who speakit rather well. HOWEVER -- the people who work here do not like Brits, Americans, etc and will automatically give you the crappiest room available. Our room (along with any other English speaking patron) gets the WORST view amaginable. OVER THE CONSTRUCTION DUMP! We are on the tenth floor and haven麓t slept a wink. The walls are paper thin, the windows might as well be open -- it麓s THAT loud. There are teenage skaters all over the front of the hotel and they are dirty and they WILL steal your wallet! The person next to us had his taken out of his pocket!This hotel is SO far away from everything -- unless you have business to do right around here, you ar wasting your money staying here. You will spend the majority of your time on the train. Forget staying out late becuase the trains don麓t run past midnight -- however, everything starts after midnight! The area the hotel is in is dirty, and very poor area of town. There is NOTHING to do hee and it wil take FOREVER to get to where you want to go. If I could give you one piece of advice -- either pay more for a hotel closer to where you will actually be doing things, or come back at another time. Staying in this part of town is an absolute complete waste of money.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>1	3	5	1	5	1	3	5	

<Author>ScotinEnglandRgf
<Content>Great Hotel My husband and I booked this hotel after reading the reviews on tripadvisor. We stayed for 5 nights. Upon arrival, our bags were immediately taken from the taxi for us and this was the standard of service we received throughout the stay. Although you are not specifically in the centre of the city, Sants station is just across the road and the metro is very simple to use, air conditioned, clean and cheap, the hotel informed us of the T10 ticket. Also, you are a 10 minute walk from the 'magic fountains', which were amazing, a must see.Our room was more than adequate, very modern and clean, with a CD player, which we appreciated. The bed may have been a little too firm, but I am 6 months pregnant and find it hard to get comfortable at the moment! We ate in the lounge a few times and the menu is very good, they serve pizza, salads and other light meals. The staff there were very nice and one girl regularly asked how my baby was, which was sweet!We did not include breakfast in our booking. However, on the first morning, we opted for the breakfast, which is served on the 23rd floor. It was wonderful to see the view of the city and the range of types of breakfast on offer was vast, but the quality did not reflect the price and we opted for breakfast in the cafe in Sants station for the rest of the time, perfect if you're looking for coffee and a pastry.On our final evening, we ate in the restaurant on the 23rd floor, The menu was a fusion style, which was definitely worth trying and I thoroughly enjoyed it, though it was a little pricey, but you are paying for the view and the service was very good. My husband is a keen photographer and was itching to ask if he could come back later to take some pictures, but when we sat down, we realised that the windows were filthy! What a shame, such a lovely view and any decent picture you want to take will have dirty smears on it! However, it is still possible to take a snap to have as a memento of the view.Overall, a great hotel, one I would stay in again and recommend to others.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sibh22
<Content>Would recommend this hotel       The Hotel  
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	2	3	4	

<Author>mandi2doors
<Content>Excellent staff! We booked this hotel last-minute and really didn't know much about it except that Hotels.com gave it 4 stars. We were blown away by how great the staff was! During our trip, our real estate agent was closing on the sale of our home back in the States and the front desk was able to coordinate us overnighting the paperwork back to them without any problems. They handed us maps (without us requesting them) and circled major attractions and told us about the 10 trip Metro card that we could buy (and share). Our room was gorgeous with a wonderful view (19th floor). I would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>donovanSY
<Content>good service We are a Singaporean family with a young one.Barcelona  this hotel was the first and last stop on our spain trip with Madrid sandwiched inbetween.1st 3days were in a double room on the 3rd floor  there was nothing to shout about. But when we compared the rates with the madrid hotel which was centrally located, this hotel's rates are much higher. Located on 3rd floor and faced the constructrion work to the front of the hotel. Fears of noise from this did not materialise as there seems to be little activities from the site when we are in.Upgraded the last 2 days to a superior room with a top up fee. The differences was apparent. Larger toilet, sofa area etc...view at 10th floor was towards another hotel. not scenic but ok.A must try is the resturant Visual on the top floor with a stunning view of that area of barcelona and great food and service.Location is not walking distance to the centre of barcelona, plaza catalunya but its accessible by metro after some 15-20min ride on the train. A plus point is the location of the train station(same location as metro)for day trips outside barcelona like to stiges or to the airport which is 3 stops away.Only down side we feel are the rates for a location not at the centre. Should be more competitive.Don  
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>lucawoolf
<Content>Sleek, modern hotel This hotel is quite modern, with a full panoply of ammenities. The rooms are quite large--our bathroom had both a shower and separate bathtub and was lovely. The decor is minimalist. The staff are quite friendly and willing to go to lengths to book you dinner and dance clubs as required. A concierge desk would be a nice feature. Be aware that there is a 6 euro charge to use the spa and pool. The fitness room was free and had decent equipment for a hotel gym. The hotel is located in quite business district, but is easily accessible to two metro stations. I would definitely stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>modernmiss
<Content>Excellent service and value for money I found the hotel on Tripadvisor and agreed very much with the overall tone of the previous reviewers. This is a high quality hotel with top class service and stunning views over the city. We had a very spacious bedroom and the bathroom was big enough for half a dozen people to get ready together - with two wash basins, toilet, bidet, vast shower cubicle and a bath with a shower over it. We were lucky enough to have a 12th floor room with a view, but all the guests can admire the Barcelona skyline at breakfast from the top floor restaurant. This was exceptionally high quality for the price we paid. Ideally this hotel would be located in the main tourist area just off the Ramblas but it is very convenient for the subway and it's only a few stops to the main attractions. Very highly recommended.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mulder1966
<Content>A great choice Fantastic Hotel in the heart of Barcelona. A strategic choice for business trips, very close to the metro and a few stops from the ramblas. The room was very clean, with all the facilities and the staff has always been very kind. A spectacular view from the restaurant at the top of the tower complete this lovely hotel. I'll use it again. Recommended.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2007
<Rating>4	5	-1	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>wizbud
<Content>Great hotel We went to Barcelona for a long weekend ...I had stayed in the Sants area before so knew there was a convenient bus turistic stop nearby...we used it all weekend to get to the sights we wanted to see. Yes there are building works going on but they didn't affect us at allWe arrived at 11 am and our room wasn't ready so very helpful receptionist said we could check in, leave our bags and return later for our room on the 14th floor. We walked into the centre of town Placa Catalunya and La Rambla..it took about 25 minutes and was good to stretch our legs after the flight.We returned at 5 and were immediately given our room. What an amazing view ..the room was well equipped and furnished although they could leave an iron with the ironing board (which is already in the room) so that you don't have to get housekeeping to bring one and the remove it next day !!!!!.The bed was comfortable and the bathroom was of a high standard.As it was our anniversary we decided to treat ourselves to dinnerat the hotel...what a great decision..the view from floor 23 was unbelievable , the setting sun and the food were fantastic. We ate dishes which were so inventive and delicious and the cheese trolley was second to none. The bill was pretty steep but it was one of the best meals we have ever had. The breakfast buffet was good but get there early as they don't seem to replace items when they have run out !!The downside of the hotel was the hallways..although they look very impressive ..all marble..the echoing of peoples' voices , their footsteps and slamming of doors was disturbing at times and one the final night at about 12.20 there was very loud music coming from the room above (we think) ..it lasted about 15 minutes and just as we were going to phone reception it stopped abruptly. We asked at reception next morning but the staff hadn't heard anything about it but were concerned that we had been disturbed.Overall a great place to stay with a good level of comfort and some really great touches.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>iulawr
<Content>Good Hotel but bothered by the worksite The hotel is conveniently located and is very near the Sants Station stop of the Blue Line of the Bus Turistic (i.e. the hop on and hop off tourist bus) which we spent most of the time in sightseeing in Barcelona. However, one will have to take the subway to Placa de Catalunya or a taxi to a nearby transfer point at Francesc Marcia-Diagonal in order to take the Red Line.The breakfast is a buffet style with lots of food; the smoke salmon is even better than what we have in the cruise ship which we have just left. The magnificent view of Barcelona one can enjoy during breakfast is beyond comparison.The staff is polite and friendly. The bellboy is particularly helpful. He explained the various switches of the room when he delivered our luggage to us.The hotel should have been a very good hotel but for the work site situated right in front of it. We arrived the hotel after leaving the cruise ship early in the morning and arrived at the hotel some time after 9 a.m.. Despite my request to have a room at a higher floor, the girl at the front desk said I could only check into a room on the 3rd floor immediately, or I would have to wait until 12 noon, the regular check in/out time. for another room on the 8th floor. There was also a condition that I would not be able to change my room once I had checked into the 3rd floor room. Since I have only 2 days in Barcelona, I wanted to settle down as soon as possible so that I could start my sightseeing earlier, I decided to accept the 3rd floor room and was fully prepared to take this as a room without a view. However, we had overlooked one thing or had we been alerted at all, i.e. it faced the worksite in front of the hotel. At 4 o鈥檆lock in the morning, workmen started talking loudly outside the worksite and heavy machines were clanking up and it was just impossible to continue with our sleep. We did not negotiate with the hotel for a change of room because we would have to get up at 3 a.m. to catch a flight home on the second morning. I wonder whether the hotel will allow us to change our room even if we asked. Another problem is the partition between the bathroom and the living area. Part of the partition is made of translucent glass. When I had to use the bathroom during the night, light came out through the glass partition and shone directly on the face of my wife and this woke her up. I cannot understand the rational of using the glass partition nor its location. If the designer wanted something translucent to create an ambient or what not, he should, say, use a translucent glass door, which faced the closet.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Gupta7
<Content>Very friendly Stayed at this hotel for anniversary for 3 nights. Booked executive room. The staff were from the start very friendly and all spoke good english and always gave good advice on places to see. The hotel is right beside Sants station and so it is very easy to get to and from the airport. DO NOT TAKE TAXI TO or FROM airport as the train is much much cheaper.HOWEVER, THERE IS A LOT OF WORK GOING ON AT THIS STATION SO BE WARNED...ALTHOUGH YOU CANNOT HEAR MUCH FROM THE BEDROOM.Get a T 10 card for the metro which gives you and your partner 5 trips each. It is very cheap. (The metro line required for the main tourist areas is a bit of a trek so wear trainers !!!)The hotel exec room that we booked was a good size, with a good view and a lovely bathroom. The staff were very helpful.The only downside is that there are not many restaurants near the hotel so make sure you eat before you get back to the hotel. Then you can relax in the spa which is quite good.Breakfast was the only area where they could have improved. Lots of breads and fruits. The scrambled egg did not look very nice and thereis no veggie hot option.Barcelona itself is very, very beautiful with lots of places to see.When you go to places like this you do wander what an absolute mess London is !!!  
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ceadmile
<Content>Hiccups..but excellent hotel! Stayed at this hotel with my partner for a birthday treat in March. We paid 鈧?70.00 for 2 nights on Soosh.com Arrived late at night and had a few problems with the room as no-one could get the hotel safe to work. Eventually got moved at 3am!! At this stage we had to order room service and it cost 鈧?9.00 for 2 toasted sandwiches. The next morning we headed to breakfast on the 23rd floor. The view was amazing, the sun was shining and you had a panoramic view of Barcelona. The selection at breakfast was excellent. We headed out for a day sightseeing knowing that we had to move rooms again when we came back as management needed the room. On our return we were given a much larger room with a fantastic view of Font Magica. Having seen both rooms I would advise anyone booking this hotel to pay the upgrade for the rooms on the higher floors. From memory it is not very much difference financially (鈧?0 approx) but the difference is enormous. The rooms have a fantastic bathroom with walk in shower and a bath. Tiled floors run throughout and the overall feeling is modern and pristine. We actually changed our flights to return on the Sunday rather than the Saturday but as there was a football match on we had to book into a nearby hotel. Although this hotel may seem a bit further out than the usual La Rambla or more central locations it is actually very handy to get into the city from here. The Sants Estacio station is just across the road, and from behind the station you can get the Bus Turistic (鈧?8 for one day pass or 鈧?4 for a two day pass). This is a hop on hop off service and is a great way to see all the sites in a short time. After a troublesome start to the weekend I would still highly recommend this hotel. If you want to get away from the bustling La Rambla at night or prefer better quality for money I think that this is a great choice as many of the more central hotels are overpriced for the standard compared to the Torre Cataunya. Even with the problems we encountered I would stay in this hotel again.  
<Date>May 24, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>UKLondonLondon
<Content>Great choice for Barcelona Stayed at this hotel for 3 nights at the beginning of May. Had read good reviews and the hotel did live up to expectations. Very easy to get to the hotel on the train from the airport and equally easy to get to the La Rambla on the efficient metro. Open-top tour buses (which are a must but get very busy) stop just outside the hotel too. The staff are very friendly and helpful and the rooms very good. Lovely marble bathrooms and amazing views from the hotel. Worth paying for an Executive room to get a room on the higher floors. Tried the buffet breakfast one day. My view is that it was OK but not amazing. Good choice but typical of a buffet style breakfast. Worth going up to the retaurant just to see the view.Internet access is 鈧?0 per day and they provide you with an ethernet cable. Helpful business center staff.  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>VinSErith
<Content>Pleasant Hotel Superb location My wife and myself just came back from 4 days trip to Barcelona. Booked the room thru Hotelsclick.com with good deal. We asked for an upgrade to Superior Double at 20th floor before arrival and the view is fantastic. Very clean condition throughout bedroom, bath/shower. Hotel staffs are v. pleasant and helpful with fluent English speaking. They are really proffesional in serving.Great location and easy access to city area within 10-15 mintues by metro. Breakfast is wonderful with nice view at 23rd flr. If you dont fancy a sea-view, then, this is the best inland hotel which overlook the entire Barcelona city. We are very please in general but unfortunately our camera got stolen at Parc Guell the next day. (Be aware of local middle age ladies-work in pair). Directed by hotel staff to Police station (English-OK) inside Sants station.Tips: Buy T-10 metro tickets and you can share with yr partner (Strange but it works). Tarragona metro is safer for night return. Plaza Espanya is just 12 mins walk down with lots of nice shops and visit the musical fountain nearby (at 8.45pm) and you wont be dissapointed. Put all vital things eg. passport in hotel safe-box and only bring minimum stuff. Buy 7 Musuem Entry ticket for 20 Euro at Picasso Musuem if you intend to see most of the Musuem at Barcelona. Try the Flemengo dance show for 35 euro/p (ask staff) but make sure you get a front seat to see the dancing steps. finally, If this is yr 1st visit, try Seafood Paella and Sangria but make sure you drink slowly wihout using a straw, otherwise you get so drunk before u even know it since it 's very taste drink. ha ha ha.. Have a nice trip in Barcelona. Vincent and Sumiko, UK  
<Date>May 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>nitadolly
<Content>GREAT FOR A BABY!!! We have just returned from staying in this hotel with our 11 month old baby. The staff were fantastic and baby cot really nice but you may want to bring your own fitted sheet. Has a mini bar for storing milk and baby food!! SANTS station is undergoing major renovations and it was a bit dusty outside but not really much noise. this hotel is not really in central Barcelona and if you are travelling with a baby, not all metro stations have lifts so alot of stairs to climb!!! Overall a great hotel but a bit way out from the centre and sights. Also no nice restaurants in the local area so you have to go on train for something nice to eat. the lounge bar in the hotel is great and so is the spa. GREAT HOTEL lovely rooms!!! Also a supermarket below so great for stocking UP!!!  
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	2	4	5	4	4	

<Author>AshbourneDublin
<Content>very close to metro but restaurant dissappointing hi Just returned from bank holiday weekend in Barcelona , fabulous city, picked this hotel following reviews on trip advisor.hotel very clean, and rooms spacious, if yoiu like modern you will love it, very conveinent right beside metro/train station, now has tea coffee facilities in room and generally good only dissappointment was the visual restaurant very pricey and very small portions, I went for a take away following dinner ( not good for vegetarians, my portion of pasta was smaller than a starter portion in Ireland) Dublin Ireland  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>gilmorehill
<Content>Excellent location       View from breakfast  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>GlobetrotterHasselt
<Content>Just perfect!!! Sorry for my bad englisch, I'm used to speak dutch, but I just had to write this: this hotel is really excellent!!!! Very big spotless rooms, very friendly personel, super breakfast on the 23掳 floor, train, metro and bus touristic just a few passes away... If you ever go to this beatifull city, be sure to sleep at hotel Torre Catalunya!!!!  
<Date>May 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>thomassmith200
<Content>As good as it gets This was a great hotel, the location is excellent for transport being right opposite Sants Station which makes it great for thise traveling from the airport or by train.The service was good and the rooms were large with a high level of furnishing with an especially nice bathroom.The deal that we recieved also included breakfast which was served in the 23rd floor breakfast room which gave some of the best views over barcelona.Tom, London  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jensta
<Content>Absolutely excellent - touch of luxury!       one of the views from the hotel restaurant  
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sh29
<Content>great hotel We have just returned from a 4 night stay at this hotel. The hotel itself is very nice, great rooms, spacious, clean and maid service every day, towels and bed linen was changed daily. The staff are the most helpful that I have ever come across. We were really pleased with our room untill 4.30am on the first night of our stay when we realised there was going to be no let up in the amount of lorries and work that was being carried out right next to the hotel, after speaking to a member of staff we were quickly found another room to sleep in, Work is continous 24hrs so if you are unforunate enough to get a room next to the building ask to be moved. Frustrating times for the staff as well. ideal for getting around as right next to train and metro lines. Great restaurant around corner that does pizza and pasta, great prices too. If you do visit la Rambla dont eat on the main strip as its very pricey, good food and good prices at restaurants just off the side roads. All in all a good time, just a shame about the building work that can spoil the hotel if you get the wrong room.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jacarama
<Content>A cut above the norm We have just returned from a two night stay at this wonderful hotel. We were able to get a very good rate of 拢90 per night per room including breakfast for two people, and this was very good value for money.The overpriced mini bar, wasnt good value for money though - 4.50EUR for a can of coke is difficult to justify.I enjoyed the wide variety available from the breakfast buffet on the top floor of the hotel. My only criticism is the building work being done out the front of the hotel at the Sants Station. It goes on late into the night, and if you are a light sleeper may cause you some problems.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	-1	3	5	5	

<Author>raavani
<Content>fantastic room size          shower area  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PaulRuk
<Content>Torre Catalunya A nice place to stay Plus points.Nice bedroom great bathroom and very clean, helpful receptionist who checked us in early and explained the train system etc. Great view of the city from the restaurant. Good breakfast. Tube stations close.Minus points.Sants station building works, listening to jack hammers one morning at 2am nice. Would not recomend stopping here until the works is complete which looks like will take a long time. Not many nice places to eat in the vicinity.If you want good food go to the Attic near the top end of the Ramblers. If you're looking for a great meal out in a modern, chic setting, this is the place for you.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MajorVoid
<Content>great value, good quality Although it's in the Sants business district rather than bang in the centre of town, this hotel is one of the most efficient and comfortable places to stay I've ever been in Barcelona. It always seems to be busy but the staff are friendly and efficient. Rooms are spacious and comfortable - bathrooms in particular are great with big showers and separate bathing areas. For not much extra money you can upgrade to an 'executive' room which I think gives you a bit more space and some good amenities eg CD player, coffee maker etc. Has a smallish spa in the basement and good business facilities. Views from the restaurant at the top are totally stunning - you can see the city laid out - it must be one of the tallest buildings in Barcelona and breakfast, which is plentiful but not exceptional (terrible coffee!) sets you up for a great day out in the city.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>arararar
<Content>Lovely hotel Lovely hotel, really worth staying here. Stayed on 21st flood, had amazing views of the City. Staff very helpful. So handy for getting anywhere as so close to Sants station. Would recommend to anyway  
<Date>Apr 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kat_storrier
<Content>what a great hotel! We have not long returned from an amaizing trip to Barcelona (party of 4),were we stayed in the Grand hotel Torre Catalonia for 5 nights. I just have to slip this in, well in Barcelona we went to a football game and after it we were lucky enough to meet some of the football team including the man him self Mr Ronaldinhio! Now as if that wasn鈥檛 enough we stayed in the most amazing hotel. The rooms were great and very clean with beautiful views over Barcelona, the bathrooms were gorgeous! The staffs were very helpful and friendly and the beauticians are excellent, the gym and the health spa are also very good. I have to say the best thing about this hotel was definitely the beautiful breakfast on the 42 floor (which is the very top), the food is great! And the views over the whole city are spectacular! The breakfast is free for all guests! They also do evening meals up there at night; these aren鈥檛 free and are extremely expensive a meal for 2 set us back 拢90! Although we were glad we tried it as it was a really nice experience.Although this hotel is not in the very centre of Barcelona it is definitely worth the 5mins tube ride! There is a subway station right outside! I would highly recommend this hotel to everyone! We enjoyed it that much we have booked to go again for September!  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>WANDERERUK37
<Content>3 Days of Madness Had a very good 3 day stay here for a recent england football match. Good location very close to estacio sants. Our room was on the 4th floor did'nt have a problem with traffic noise or the building work thats going on at the station. Restaurant is very good with superb views of the city would recommend it for a stay in Barcelona.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>funkycrumply
<Content>Gorgeous Fantastic hotel! The receptionist was so helpful, and straight away advised us of the best places to go, by the best possible routes, etc. She actually marked it all out on a map for us too! The restaurant upstiars is a bit pricey, very al a carte, which we hadn't realised till we sat down, but again it was fantastic! We also tried the lounge restaurant, lovely pizza!  The room was just gorgeous, marble floors and bathroom, topped up minibar, fab view! It really was a dream for us, we felt so posh! Would recommend definetely! Again as with other reviews, get a travel pass(barcelona card), as you don't have to keep paying to get around, it just gets u everywhere! If you do get this card when you book your holiday, and you have to collect it, you can only get it from the tourisme in barcelona town, or the airport. don't try and get it on a bank holiday day at 3 in the afternoon, it won't happen! get the card straight away at the airport, so you don't have to spend money getting to the tourist building! you also get a discount book for many things, so it may be better to wait till you get that before pre-booking!Also, went to flamenco dancing show at Flamenco's. also fantastic! In a lovely setting, courtyard not far from hotel.Barcelona stadium also a good day out!Not many places in town speak english, so be warned, its not that easy to eat out!No faults to hotel. oh, also the spa is nice aswell, small but not busy and nice and private!  
<Date>Mar 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Blackout
<Content>Genuine 4* Hotel Just returned from 3 nights at the Gran Torre Catalunya in Barcelona. Had booked this hotel on the basis of many very strong reviews here on Tripadvisor. Location - hotel occupies the south side of Placa dela Paisos Catalana. The main train station Sants Estacion is on the west side of the square (the pick-up/drop-off for Ryanair's Reus coaches). The hotel is an Ideal base for exploring Barcelona, just a few minutes on the Metro from the hustle and bustle of Rambla. A number of the main Barcelona attractions are within easy walking distance of the hotel including the Placa d'Espana.  Reception - Dario and Jennifer were professional and very welcoming while Miquel looked after the bags (if you arrive early or are departing late the hotel will hold your bags).Had booked a standard room with American Breakfast included. Reception advised standard room was on 6th floor but offered an upgrade to a superior room on 17th floor for Eur12 a night extra. A no brainer. The superior room was huge with a magnificent view southwards towards Palau Nacional and Montjuic. King bed, separate soft seating area, desk, two coffee tables and chairs. The bathroom was bigger than many hotel rooms I have been in. Complementary tea/coffee, large TV in-room safe and mini-bar (prices reasonable eg. Eur5 for quarter bottle of wine). The room was spotless, cleaned every day with a turn down service in the evening. Breakfast Room/Dining Room - Restaurant Visual on the 23rd floor with panoramic view of the city. A friendly greeting from Kelly every morning. Buffet breakfast was a feast, Cava included - and when in Spain :-). Can't comment on the hot food as did not partake but juices, cereals, fresh fruits, cold cheese/meats/smoked salmon platters and breads were in plentiful supply and the coffee was excellent. Food piers were patrolled and replenished frequently. Breakfast by 8:30am to avoid the rush and for window seating.We had A-La-Carte dinner in the restaurant on one night. Apparently very popular with couples at weekends so reservations are necessary particularly if you want a window table. There is a local food and wine tasting menu on offer for Eur40 a head which seemed to be drawing a lot of interest at other tables. We opted for local specialities. 4 courses, a bottle of wine and some Grappa for me, for Eur90, including tip. The food, presentation and service was excellent however hearty appetities may need a pre-dinner burger and fries in the nearby MacD's. Worth noting the range of wines on the list in the Eur12-20 bracket. Didn't use the spa or fitness room. Large supermarket in building below hotel.Overall, hotel worthy of 4* rating and excellent value-for-money. Would highly recommend. Downside - Placa dela Paisos Catalana is currently a building site. The square is the subject of major rejuvination works and Bob-the-Builder looks set to be on-site for some months yet. Many potential guests may be put off by the works, construction noise at 7am on weekdays etc. Personally, it did not interfere at all with our enjoyment of the hotel. If you exit the hotel and turn right onto Tarragona, the Metro station is 100 meters down the street so you can avoid the whole Sants Estacion area.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>kickingkingNIreland
<Content>fantastic We have just returned after spending six nights at The Gran Torre.Staff were excellent so helpful and friendly.Whatever i asked for at reception was delivered to our room promptly and then we recieved a call from reception to ensure the request had been honoured.We did not encounter any noise in the hotel at all. Very relaxing stay.The restaurant on 23rd floor is spectacular however the food is slightly overpriced but again the staff are so efficient and the whole experience memorable......for that special occassion.The lounge bar stood out for me,the staff were excellent, again very efficient but had time for a chat, the atmosphere was great.The metro is right beside the hotel and takes you to the centre very quickly, also the tourist bus passes the hotel and you can start your two or one day tour pass from the bus turistic stop beside the hotel, hopping on and off the bus whenever you wish and visitng whatever attractions you wish to see.We had a fantastic time and staying in the Gran Torrre made the whole stay 100%.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mesl27
<Content>Perfect Hotel       Hi Fi  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Antonia1982
<Content>Great place to stay We stayed at the Torre Catalunya for three days and had a terrific time. The hotel was amazing and had everything you could have wished for. It was totally spotless, everyone who worked there was extremely polite and it was in a good location.The hotel is situated literally a stones throw away from the station and metro that can take you into town and takes about 5 to 10 mins. We took a tour bus for two of the days and that was great and the stops were right outside the hotel. It's great that the station was so close as we didnt have to rush in the morning of our flight, we just walked a few seconds to the station, got on the train and the third stop was the airport and was so quick and easy to get to!This is a gorgeous hotel to stay in. You even have a computer suite with internet access, a lovely beauty parlour with swimming pool and beauty room and also an amazing restaurant on the top floor of the hotel with amazing panoramic views across the whole of Barcelona! Definately 10 out of 10!  
<Date>Mar 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>grrrl_friday
<Content>Excellent - highly recommended Booked the hotel through Lastminute and got a good deal. Having read a number of reviews on trip advisor we were concerned about the noise but this wasn't an issue as we were on the 10th floor. Hotel was excellent, staff were friendly and helpful, rooms very clean and the spa was an added bonus after a long day sightseeing. The only negative in our whole stay was when we went to the lounge bar for dinner one evening. Although buzzing with staff they were a little disorganised and a number of diners sent food back to the kitchen. Would highly recommend the hotel but suggest giving the bar a miss.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dukesy
<Content>Classy Hotel, Good Location       Room View  
<Date>Mar 8, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>penny29
<Content>Too noisy Nice hotel but the work going on at the train station goes on right through the night.Staff very helpful and moved us to back of hotel but this did not help.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>senoritatraviesa
<Content>Excellent I stayed here for 1 night on 20 Feb 07 whilst on business. Although outside is not particularly special my twin bedded room was excellent. Spotlessly clean and large, with seperate power shower, bath and loo with bidet. All staff were extremely welcoming and polite, especially the English 'bellboy' working 7-15h. I would stay there again whether for pleasure or on business. I agree with the reviewer who styed on 16 Feb 07.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>xtradel
<Content>classy  we stayed here for our honeymoon and we were very happy with our choice. we were greeted at reception by a very nice englishman who straight away started to tell us how to make the most of our stay. the rooms were very clean and modern even if they were a bit on the small side but from reading reviews about other hotels in barcelona this seems to be the norm. the bathroom was spotless, large and came supplied with plenty of toiletries and towels. the restaurant should be classed as an attraction because of the amazing views from the 23rd floor. breakfast was plentiful with a great variety. the main train station is just across the road and as long as you get used to the metro system, the centre of barcelona is just 10 mins away. my only gripe with the hotel would be the bar is very limited in its range of alcohol and seems to be unstaffed most of the time.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HampshireDiamond
<Content>excellent hotel  Stayed here on a business trip  what a hotel! my room was wonderful  the view out the large glass windows was amazing. If u are not frightened of heights go higher!  please take your camera.If you are reading my review dont waste anymore time book!! u will not be disappointed  I recommend that you have breakfast in the restaurant on the top floor over looking the city.Well situated with a train station very close byBreakfast - they cater for everyone  the food is hot  they have cooked breakfasts, fruits, everything  for those with sweet tooths there's lots of tasty pastries!  plenty of coffee..My room was something else! I felt like royalty. Shame I was on a business trip... will deffiantly have to go back with the family.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nicku
<Content>Best Ever Hotel Around, Loved It, The Min I Got There This hotel, is one the best hotel, I have ever stayed in, we with a group of 4 people, 2 couples, and the service was incredible, I would call it 5 star hotel, myself, rooms were clean, comfortable, breakfast, plenty to eat, more, your on the 23rd floor eating your breakfast in the morning, not to far from the las rambles, only a taxi ride away, cost about 7 euros, most of the staff in the hotel, spoke English, very helpful. The only downside to the hotel was the pool area, on the ground floor, where they charge 7 euros per person, to use the spa, pool, Jacuzzi, and steam rooms. If your into blonde, there is 2 gorgeous blonde, who work in the business area, I can not fault this hotel at all, plenty of bathroom supplies, walking distance to a shopping centre, only about 20 mins walk, I would 100% stay at this hotel again, if I ever went to Barcelona.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bwfcManchester
<Content>Met all expectations Me and my boyfriend stayed here for a long weekend during February and found it fantastic.ROOM - We opted for an executive room, as the site we booked it through offered this as only 10euro more than a standard. The room was beautiful, with modern furniture, electrical equipment (TV/cd player) to a high standard. It was exactly how the pictures described. The bathroom in particular was gorgeous, set out in marble with a double sink. The jet showers were fantastic, and all was remarkably clean. Of a weekend of 4 days, we spent many mornings resting in the room as it was of such high standard and so relaxing.I would advise to request a room as high up as possible, as the views are breathtaking. We were on the 16th floor of 23 and could see a great deal of Barcelona, including the Nou Camp stadium. However, if you dont get a great room, when you go up for breakfast/evening meal, you can get a 360 view of the whole city.HOTEL - We had the buffet breakfast every morning. Plenty of cold foods (cereal/fruit/ham etc) and toast, but not too much in the way of cooked foods. However, there was some sausage, egg, bacon. Didnt stay for evening meal as was quite expensive so cant comment. Mini bar v expensive as always, but room service relatively inexpensive. Hotel lobby, reception beautiful. You pay 6euros for the use of gym/sauna/steam room/pool so this is good value as it is all very beauftil, but be careful as opening hours are restricted. Particularly if you are only staying for a short weekend as we did, find out the opening hours as soon as possible, as we didnt get chance to go in because we left it last minute and it was closed. Masssages are offered at 32euro half hour and 57euro full hour. Not that much cheaper than England. All staff speak good english we found and were very friendly, allowing us to check out late for no extra fee.LOCATION - Takes about 40minutes to walk into the heart of town (Ramblas) but the metro is very accessible, as the hotel is 200m from Sants Station. There are buses aswell, but I would say that it is easier to get the metro. Around a 30 minute walk to the Nou Camp stadium, or again you can get a train. This was perfect for us as we visited Barcelona to go to both the Nou Camp and into town. However, could be a little out of the way if the football is not of great importance to you.Overall, although not quite a 5* hotel, this is definitely a sound 4* hotel. All was modern and clean and met all expectations. Barcelona is beautiful and this hotel contributed in large part to a lovely weekend.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ashley_Knight
<Content>Lovely hotel. Convenient location. I am a 23 year old male and I went to this hotel with my boyfriend who is 25. The hotel is beautiful and very clean. The rooms are really clean and moder and they have the most perfect shower system. (Very nice to wake up to) I have to say the staff are amongst the most helpful I have ever come across. They are willing to go out of their way to help you with anything you need. They are lovely and polite. It is however a little business orientated with it's layout but this definately does not effect your stay. If you are there to see the city then it is great although you will have to get the train into the centre as it is too far to walk so bare that in mind. The train station is literally directly next to the hotel which is just perfect for those hoping to visit Sitges (which you have to see!). Sitges is 20 mins by train costing about 3 uk pounds. It is like the Spanish version of St Tropez I suppose and is full of beautiful people, lovely restaurants and shops and a row of different beaches. I say different because there is some nudest beaches and gay beaches. It caters for all tastes. A great place to visit! The hotel will tell you all you need to know. I would have preferred to stay nearer the centre slightly as there is not much to see around the hotel but the centre is only one stop on the train and is not much of a bother. The only annoying thing was when we wanted to eat locallu there was not much around. The trains there are amazing - they go everywhere in Barcelona. The food in the hotel is a little pricey but no more than any other. The pool and spa treatment is wonderful. They have the internet at a cheap price as well. Overall I highly reccomend this hotel but if you are looking for somewhere very near the city and the clubs then this one may not be for you. You could get a little closer BUT you will not be dissapointed with this hotel I guarantee you.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>yasmarie98
<Content>Great Stay!!!!! If I go back to Barcelona, will stay here again       standard room  
<Date>Jan 21, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Ms247
<Content>Great Hotel and great location We had a 3 night stay at the hotel for a wedding present. The hotel is very nice and the service was incredible. The hotel is right next to the metro and train station we were able to get around very easy. The Restaurants was amazing as its right at the top of the hotel and the view is amazing. The room was clean and very modern :) Location great and there is a hypermarket right next door so you can stock up on food and drink ideal if you are travelling with children.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Gill247
<Content>Fabulous Hotel If you are deciding whether to stay at this hotel or not then please book - you will not be dissapointed! Location - If arriving by air then take airport train to Sants station (approx 20 mins). The hotel is located directly across the road so is easy to find and you dont need to walk far with luggage. To get to the city centre the Metro station is 2 mins across the square and its only a few stops to the main sight seeing areas. The View - BREATHTAKING!! The restaurant is located on the top floor (23rd) and from here you have panoramic views from the mountains down to the sea. You can even see Sagrada Familia from here. Rooms - very well decorated, clean and modern. Marble bathroom with double sink and walk in shower which is huge. Very reasonable mini bar prices. Food - did not have dinner in the hotel but the breakfasts were lovely. Hot food on offer was poor but the selection of breads, cakes, cereals, fruits etc made up for this. Excellent coffee. Staff - very helpfull, on arrival the receptionist provided us with a map of the city and guided us to the best metro stop etc. Also gave us coupons for free cocktails in the hotel bar which was a nice touch. Restaurant staff were very friendly and allowed people to sit on after the 10am closing time. This is one of the best hotels I have stayed in and I cannot fault it in any way. I would recommend it to anyone visiting Barcelona in the future.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>MSG-UK9
<Content>Hmm........ not Bad Very Clean smart Hotel. People and staff very nice and helpful. Pool needs some attention. Restaurant for dinner and breakfast is very expensive for what you get, apart from the view. My Advice is to eat out.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>MagicDougal
<Content>Great Hotel, Great City! We stayed here in between Christmas and New Year and had a great time. The hotel is easy to get to from the airport, just 3 stops on the RENFE trainline and costs about 4 euros each way. We paid extra for an executive room and were really pleased with our 16th floor corner bedroom, the bathroom is huge with a walk-in shower and a heated mirror that my boyfriend loved! The spa is 6 euros per person for one visit and is worth visiting for a lazy afternoon, I had a treatment and found it good value for money. The 23rd floor restaurant boasts excellent views of the city, but as we are both vegetarian we didn't eat there, as there were limited veggie options. One downside to the hotel is that there are hardly any restaurants close by - we found one called 'La Tagliatella' serving mediteranean inspired cuisine (veggie, fish and meat dishes) in huge portions, which was excellent value for money and had friendly english speaking staff. Walk down 'Av. Josep Tarradellas' at a right diagonal from the front of the hotel and the restaurant is on your right hand side, just before you get to the intersection with 'Av. De Sarria'.We bought a five day travel card for 20 euros from Sants station that gave us unlimited travel on the metro and buses and we easily got everywhere we wanted to go, even late at night. The highlight of the trip was a visit to Gaudi's Sagrada Famillia, but get there early to avoid the crowds and start queuing for the lift to go up one of the spires straight away, then explore the rest later. We were also very impressed with La Pedrera, one of Gaudi's finest apartment buildings and they offer a guided audio tour included in the admission. The best views were fom the Montjuic Castle, accesssed via the 'funicular' and bus (included in your travel card) and we enjoyed wandering around the harbour. At night we walked to the fountain at the Palau Nacional made famous in Freddie Mercury  Monserrat Caballe's 'Barcelona' music video. Between about 7pm and 9pm (check times locally) the fountain dances to a spectacular light and music show. La Rambla is over-priced and touristy, they sell animals kept in poor conditions and make sure you have your wallet and valuables well hidden.On the whole a great break and superb hotel, would definitely recommend both.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Laboy75063
<Content>A beautiful Hotel An absolutely beautiful hotel with breathtaking views. It's one of the tallest buildings in Barcelona so it overlooks the entire city. The restaurant is located on the top floor with 360 degree views of the city. When I return to Barcelona, this is definitely the hotel I will book again. The subway line is across the street. The tour buses pick you up there as well. It's several blocks from the sea but well worth the stay. You will not be disappointed.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>TravellersTune
<Content>Excellent Hotel with Brilliant Views of Barcelona We (my fiance and I) stayed at Hotel Torre Catalunya for three nights/four days and had a wonderful time from the moment we arrived until the moment we left. Every aspect of the hotel and service was 1st class and I wouldn not hesitate to stay here again.Checking in was efficient and straight forward, no problems in this area. We were apparantly allocated a room on the 5th floor (I suppose they say this to everyone lol) and were asked if we would like to upgrade to a higher floor for an extra 10 euros per night. We were offered a room on the 19th floor, we upgraded. The views we had over the city were worth every euro! The room was excellent, spacious, modern and very well kept as was the bathroom. The bathroom had a huge bath, seperate toilet area, twin marble sink and a brilliant power shower in a large marble enclosure. Loved the shower! The bed was kingsize whilst the room had the extra's you would associate with a 4* hotel. Mini bar (very reasonable prices), complimentary drinks, in room safe (six digit coded), tv, phone and so on. No complaints at all with the room or any aspect to do with the hotel.We stayed on a bed and breakfast basis. The foods available for breakfast were varied and well presented on the 23rd floor which provide super views over Barcelona.There is a lounge bar on the ground floor that provides you with the 1st drink of your stay free, a nice touch. Food is also available, which was of a good quality.On the lower floor there is a spa area with additional beauty treatments including massages if you desire. Obviously, these are for an additional fee.The hotel is a little way of La Rambla and other tourist attractions but believe me this is not a problem when you have a public travel set up as good as Barcelona. Sants station is right next door, metro stops are plentiful, buses are available, taxi's are cheap and last but not least the fantastic BUS TOURISTICO! We paid for a two day ticket that cost 22 euro's each. If you want to get around the sights, use the bus touristico it's great. If you fancy a stroll, you can be at La Rambla in 30 minutes.A final point about Barcelona, football lovers get yourself to the Camp Nou and do the stadium and museum tour and if you can get to a match. Fantastic.Tourists, do not miss the Sagrada Familia! Exceptional! Pay your eight or so euros to gain entry and help fund the building of this great Gaudi cathedral.There is so much to do in this multicultural city, it's great and we will be back and will have Hotel Torre Catalunya as our base.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mssee
<Content>Great Hotel We ,meaning myself, husband, son  daughter-in-law ,had two rooms @ the hotel booked for after our cruise. We checked in early in the morning as we had private tours booked with Rabbies Tours of Barcelona, who were WONDERFUL!! But that's another review, if you want a tour book them!! I highly recommend them. Anyway back to the hotel. We were just going to leave our luggage there, but they were so nice, that they gave us one room, they said they would have the other room ready when we returned from our tour  transport the bags from our room to the other.Which they did. The front desk spoke English very well,  they were very friendly. The rooms were on the upper floors with beautiful views of the mountains  city. The rooms were spacious  clean. We had no problems with the bathrooms or showers, they even had a large soaking bathtub. Everyone makes a big deal about the lights, but it's really easy, just put your room key in the slot, no big deal. The restaurant on the top floor  was very good although pricey. We had dinner there  also the breakfast one morning. They have a breakfast buffet, but you can get a continental breakfast in the hotel lobby for much less. That was also very good. We had coffee  croissant. The hotel is a little out of the way. Although, it is right near the Sant station, that takes you anywhere you want to go. I know some other reviews complained of noise, I am a very light sleeper  heard nothing! For us this hotel was great ,as we had private tours booked with Rabbies for both days. We were picked up @ 9am  brought back after 6pm, so it didn't matter where we were. This hotel was great,  the staff was friendly. We requested a van cab to pick us up on our departure morning @ 9:30am  the front desk made sure the cab was waiting for us. They called in the mornings with a wake-up call  even asked if we wanted a call back in 10-15 minutes. WONDERFUL!!  
<Date>Nov 9, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>itchybasil
<Content>Wow!! We booked the hotel fairly last minute so got a reasonable price, which is always good in my books!! The hotel is central, its minutes away from some bars and restaurants, and a cheap taxi ride to tourist spots like La Ramblas, Nou Camp and the Sagrada Familiar. Although, we found it quite fun just wandering around though!! The room was spacious, clean and comfortable with a nice bathroom and a balcony. The minibar was well stocked and reasonably priced (for a minibar!!)We took advantage of the hotels business facilities even though we werent there on business, but we just used the computers for a quick email check.I also took advantage of the spa and went for a nice anti stress massage, which i recommend, but they have a whole load of treatments on offer.The restaurant on the top floor is very nice with amazing views over the city. We didnt eat there but we had cocktails on the top floor (i recommend their 'sex on the beach' or the 'cosmopolitan') and admired the views. the lounge bar next to reception is also a nice place to go for a drink, as a resident your first drink is free for your stay! Yay!I recommend this hotel to everyone, and hope that you have just as enjoyable a stay as we did!  
<Date>Nov 5, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Wollace
<Content>Nice hotel Stayed for 2 nights in late Oct, 2006. Found it to be a nice hotel in a reasonable area to stay in. Convenient to the subway, rooms were nice and of reasonable size. Staff friendly and we had no problems whatsoever. I would stay there again, although it is a bit expensive.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	4	4	

<Author>holidayqueen99
<Content>Beware - this hotel overbooks - you may not get your room! We made our booking for 2 rooms for 4 elderly pensioners (one 83 years old) arriving in the middle of the night through HotelTravel.com. It was CONFIRMED in May for 2 nights in September and FULLY PAID by credit card. Imagine our horror to arrive at 3.00am (having notified our late arrival at the time of booking) to find NO ROOMS available. The hotel staff didn't seem at all concerned saying they overbook all the time. They said as there was an exhibition on we would be lucky to get 2 rooms together but would try. At first they tried to seperate our party of 4 and put us in a hotel just for one night. Only after we made a fuss did we manage to get a hotel for the 2 nights together. To add insult to injury a Spanish customer arrived after us and checked in normally and given a room! We didn't get to our rooms at the other hotel until 6.00am and we were on the opposite side of Barcelona away from other members of our group. We spent most of the next day in bed recovering from the ordeal and the 2 day break was ruined.HotelTravel.com has told us the hotel refuses to take any action or responsibilty and they can only offer credit points of 40 euros off our next booking with them. We are disgusted with both HotelTravel.com  the Torre Catalunya Hotel.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	-1	

<Author>kevrod79
<Content>Excellent Hotel Superb hotel with friendly, helpful staff. Rooms very modern and well serviced. Restaurant is good but a little over priced. Easy to get to from the Airport, easy to get anywhere in Barcelona, two tube stations within 2 minutes walk from hotel.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Kip1
<Content>Great Value, Fantastic! Wonderful Hotel. Staff was excellent, rooms were modern and clean. Engligh well spoken. Restaurant was nice although a little pricy for breakfast but the view was worth it. Don鈥檛 go for the 6Euro breakfast, as it鈥檚 a bunch of dry bread. Shell out the 14Euros or go to a caf茅. One nice touch is that they call you personally for the wake up, and ask you if you would like a call back in 15 min. Also, once we left the phone off the hook and the front desk staff actually came to our room to wake us. Very nice. Highly recommended. Spa was ok.. Us the pool next door for free if you would like some sun. Also ask for a room with a view.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Rebecca333
<Content>Absolutely Fantastic My boyfriend and I stayed here for 4 nights last month and I really cannot fault anything at all. Our room was located on the 19th floor and boasted breathtaking views across the impressive city. The room was spacious, modern and impeccably clean, and the bed was huge and very comfortable. I have to say, the staff at this hotel are the best I've ever encountered and went out of their way to assisst in any way that they could (one porter actually walked off into the city and came back in a taxi for us to use). Also, the restaurant on the 23rd floor is magnificent, and again, the views are quite simply spectacular. Initially, I was a bit worried about the hotels location, and wondered whether it would be too far out from the main attractions. I needn't have been concerned. There is a Metro station located about 200 yards from the hotel entrance (Sants Estacio) and it's less than ten minutes to The Ramblas (about 4 or 5 short stops). The underground rail network is astonishingly efficient and so we waited no more than two minutes (literally) for a train to arrive. And, at just over one Euro per trip it is extremely good value for money. However, if you're wary about travelling on the underground (you needn't be) then there are thousands of taxi's around the city and you'll wait no more than a couple of minutes outside the hotel.The city is tremendous, with a vibrant atmosphere and there is almost too much to do. This hotel is located in a very quiet district and so you'lll be far away enough to avoid the hustle and bustle, but close enough to access it within minutes. If we ever go back to Barcelona I would have absolutely no reservations about staying in this wonderful hotel.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>casjrg
<Content>Outstanding What an escape from the hustle and stress of the kids and work. Fantastic view from our room on the 21st floor as we watched the Magic Fountain and accross the mountain slopes and accross the sea and accross the City :) It was outstanding for comfort and service. Breakfast buffet was superb and the staff would'nt rest until you were satisfied. Would we stay again? YOU BET. Right next to the Metro and the train station so access to the City was SO SO easy. We thoroughly enjoyed the stay.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>redsox
<Content>great choice My wife and I stayed at this hotel after returning from a cruise. It was about half an hour drive from the port near the railway station. It is a very nice hotel and would recommend it to others. The staff at the desk were very friendly and accommodating and when we found ourselves there before check-in time, they gave us an upgrade to a suite as they did not have a regular room available at the time! We stayed there for 2 nights and the rate was less than for lesser accommodation in Venice. The Turista bus was only a block away which was great. We did not have any meals at this hotel because the dinner required formal dress and during the day we were sightseeing. We found this to be a good stay and would recommend it to friends.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Dvir_s
<Content>Great , Don't Miss It !!! Great Hotel.Clean, Quiet, Superb Service.Big rooms, and shower.I think it's not a lie to say it is a 5 STARS hotel and not 4.Book it ,You want regret.Me and my GF enjoyd every single moment inside this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>rmb48
<Content>Positive lodgings in Barcelona I stayed there for two nights, and it was a positive experience. The most pleasing aspect of the hotel was the quality of the room. It was extremely modern, comfortable and spotlessly clean. What was pehaps less promising was the external look of the hotel and the reception area (which was purely functional). However, the business centre on the lower floor was useful for internet connection, etc. The location of the hotel is good, depending on your priorities. It is close to Sants station, which makes it convenient for travelling by train to and from the airport. It's also easy to travel into the centre of Barcelona with the metro. The hotel, however, is not really in the centre of town, although it's well within the city limits. It's also quite a busy and noisy area, which might not be to everyone's taste.Overall, I would recommend the hotel, particularly for a comfortable business stay. It's a solid 4 star hotel, which represents an excellent Barcelona choice if you can get a room at a reasonable rate.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	3	3	4	

<Author>MARCOSTorres
<Content>Do not accept to move to Expo Hotel !!! Well...I should start by the booking process...Booked a night through a last minute website. Booking was confirmed at the hotel. Surprise arriving at the Hotel.. As many other messages , hotel claims that Torre Catalunya is overbooked and we should move to sister Hotel next door , EXPO HOTEL. Simply have a look on the review of Expo Hotel ( which I did before coming ) and see the difference. I said to the recepcionist that this was not negotiable , that I had a booking there , and would stay there.She went 3 times to see the manager , and at the end.. Magic..A room appear to me and my 5 years old son. Not a room..a choice of smoking , no smoking , doubles , twins..etc..I am a Hotel owner , and the strategy is simple. Sell the Hotel Torre with inviting promotions and last minute prices , and place guests at the next door hotel.Their ratings are bad , so people will be more tempted to try Torre. Once guests arrive at the reception , they try to put you next door. The Torre hotel is nice , modern and trendy. Although some lack of details on the room. The amenities choice are the poorest I have seen in a hotel 4*. On the bathroom , there is a telephone , which is chic and nice. But what is the point having a phone where the phone cable measures 25 feet... Yes , that amount of cable hanging beside the bowl and the bidet !!!And 2 wholes on the middle of the marble on the shower area..We were on the 3rd floor...facing the station...noisy...very noisy..So bad sound proofing there..Views of breakfast are breathtaking , but the buffet choice is not from a 4*....Again , it is nice , but not for the hotel classification. I pai a promotional price of 150 euros for the night...Normal price would be 200 euros... To be honest...expensive..Above all...DO NOT ACCEPT GOING NEXT DOOR..FIRST : BAD RATINGSSECOND : NOT SAME QUALITYTHIRD : SHOULD NOT BE THE SAME PRICE FOUR : IT IS AN ATTEMP TO FOOL PEOPLE  
<Date>Sep 4, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>RisingZen
<Content>Nice place, a little off tourist tracks       View from my room  
<Date>Aug 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	3	5	5	4	

<Author>Wekiva
<Content>Clean, modern hotel with a great view We stayed at the Gran Hotel Torre Catalunya in May 2006. This was the last hotel we stayed at on a 2 week cross Europe trip and it suited our needs perfectly. This was by no means a charming European hotel with lots of local charm, it was more like a clean, modern, business hotel in the middle of any large city. We had heard that traffic noise could be an issue so we asked for and were given rooms on the 15th floor where we could barely hear the sounds of car horns if we strained our ears. The staff were very professional and certainly a step above from the hotels I usually stay in, even here in the states. The room was very modern with lots of stone and wood surfaces. The outside wall of the room was completely glass which gave a really neat view of the city at night. The hotel is a ways from the typical touristy sites but with a metro stop and major bus hub a block away it is still minutes from everything. After the many hotels we stayed in during our trip this hotel was exactly what we needed as we got ready to come home.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mentalmags
<Content>Great Hotel Stayed for one week from 18th August. Great hotel excellent service staff very helpful and friendly. The views from the higher floor rooms are terrific as are the views from the restaurant. Breakfast wasn't included in our package but we did try it. We felt the cold buffet was good but don't expect fresh hot food as ours was cold and certainly tasted as if it had been cooked hours before! That said it was the only disappointment we found in the hotel. The hotel is so easily accessable from the station, metro and the bus! Although not central it was quite nice to get away from the buzz of the city and we did this very easily. Loved Barcelona and will be back one day. Would certainly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>pennypoptart
<Content>Truly excellent hotel. We had a fantastic stay at this hotel. We arrived very late in the evening as our flight was delayed. The hotel had sold out of our requested room type, so upgraded us to a junior suite for no extra cost.The room had an amazing view of Barcelona. The bed was huge and comfy, and the bathroom clean, sleek and stylish.The breakfast was an extra cost, but well worth it. Super spread of meats, cheeses, cooked breakfast foods, croissants, and fruit! All fresh and a great way to set up the day!The location of this hotel is actually superb. Out of the noise and hecticness of Las Ramblas, and in a perfect position for getting on the metro. All tourist sites are within a very easy to use metro ride away.All in all, this hotel was great. The staff were very friendly, the room super, and the food top notch. A real gem. If you get the chance, stay here!  
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Victoria_Jon.
<Content>Excellent This hotel is excellent, I have stayed at this hotel twice now and it will not be long until I return again. The rooms are second to none with a massive bathroom and excellent views of the city. The staff are friendly and happy to recommend restaraunts and places to see.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Vacation_Girl29
<Content>Fantastic Hotel We stayed at this hotel for one night before our cruise and loved it! The hotel is beautiful and we received a corner room that had two walls of windows. At night - the view of the city was spectacular. All of the workers were great - and they spoke perfect English. Our favorite part was that the wake up call was an actual person - who wanted to know if she should call back in 15 minutes. Imagine a personal snooze service! The bathroom was spacious and the room was very clean.The hotel itself is in walking distance to many nice attractions and you could always find it because it is one of the tallest hotels in Barcelona.One fun fact was that 800 numbers had no charge! We were shocked when we were not charged the normal $1 rate that we see in the US.I would highly recommend this hotel to any travelor!  
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sparkylee
<Content>Beautiful, relaxing, great service. Loved the hotel...flew into Barcelona with my 5 year old daughter and stayed here our first 3 nights. After renting a car and heading out on a road trip of northern spain decided to book our last night here as well. My daughter was thrilled to be able to use the pool at the neighboring hotel - that she could see from our window. That hotel was much busier and we were thankful that although our hotel was geared more towards business folks that we felt very comfortable. Internet service is available on the bottom floor.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>skendizc
<Content>above average I spent 2 nights in July. My kids stayed in superior room and me and my wife stayed in standard room. I would advice you to book superior room which is much spacer. Bear in mind that no rooms have balcony and if you want that I sugest you to book sister hotel next door Expo. Hotel is very clean, employess very helpfull and extremly polite.Dining room is at a top floor with a milion dollar view.Wellness center is not worth visitng as it very small but clean.I would recomend renting a bike from the reception and riding it through Barcelona. It is the best way to see all major atractions as well as other areas.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>unionmaid
<Content>Great Service, Swanky Digs We arrived at the Hotel around noon, after dropping off a rental car at the Estacio Sants right next door. Told that our room wasn't ready yet, we dropped our bags with the front desk and set off to the Raval for lunch. Just as we were leaving, I asked the front desk clerk to get us a room on a higher floor, if possible. When we returned barely two hours later, we were taken to a beautiful room on the 22nd floor (right below the restaurant on the top floor!) with a panoramic view of the city out to Mount Tibidado ( I've probably spelled that wrong), even though we were on a super cheap Priceline rate, on a relatively busy-seeming Saturday night. After that, they could do no wrong. For us location wasn't a big deal, we were stopping back through Barcelona for just one night before flying back to the states, and if you don't mind a little walking, it's probably about a thirty or forty minute walk to the Ciutat Vella, not bad on a nice summer day.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Danielle1700
<Content>Pleasant Stay The key to staying at this hotel is your room. The first room we were assigned was on a corner of the building on the 12th floor. The first thing I noticed was that a piece of the wall paneling had been pulled away and the room was tiny. I ignored that and went to take a shower and discovered the bathroom door was warped and did not close. Could live with that, but the bathtub drain was stuck down and the little piece that pulls it out was broken off. It had to pried up with a screwdriver. So I called down and they moved us to a much larger room on the same floor (a suite I think, as it had a third pull out bed). Spacewise it was a great improvement--huge bathroom with separate shower and much larger room. There were still a few little things broken in the bathroom, but nothing that mattered much to us. The service was good, although inconsistent. If you want to sleep past 7:30 am on a weekday, though--forget it. They are doing work on the train station next door and we were woken every morning by an extremely loud metal clanging construction noise. I think if you are high enough up, or even on the other side of the building, you may not hear it. Excellent business center with access to the Internet. The location was fine, although I found the train station itself and the metro system to be dirty and disorganized compared to other cities we visited. Getting the subway to the Ramblas area from that station was a maze of going up and down stairs--the likes of which I have never seen. The Bus Turistic is is an excellent way to get oriented and was actually a more pleasant, though slower, way to get around the city.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Cherry16
<Content>Fantastic I booked this hotel for a surprise anniversary trip for my husband and I. We absolutely loved it - the restaurant was second to none and that is not even taking the views into consideration. My only grievance would be the fact that I booked an executive room - with guidance from the website's pictures. Upon arrival an executive room is actually a standard room except it is above the 10th floor. I was not impressed and asked for a room that I had seen on the website purporting to be an executive room - this is in actual fact a suite - so beware the pictures are misleading. But hey no problem the reception staff were aware of this and quickly swapped our rooms.This hotel is ideal for all the sites etc - we could see the magic fountain at night from our window!I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Patte_p
<Content>Big rooms, good service but noisy Stayed here for two nights in july 2006. On our first night we stayed in a suite on the 21th floor. It consisted of one badroom, one livingroom with two soffas, one lavatory and one bathroom. The suite also had two minibars, two widescreen TVs and one espresso machine. Overall very nice. The view over the city were spectacular from our corner room, however the outside traffic is a bit noisy and so is the hotels airconditioning.On our second night we stayed in a executive room on the 22th floor. It consisted of one big room and a big bathroom. Over all very nice but a bit noisy, both from outside traffic and from the ac.In our opion this hotel is well spend money, just make sure you get a room high up in the building. However, it is a bit far off, both from all main tourist attractions and the Barcelona beaches.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	5	4	2	

<Author>Timden
<Content>Fantastic Hotel We booked a 3 night stay at this hotel, it is placed very well for the station and also for the underground, which is excellent.We had booked a room on the 3rd floor, this was changed to the 11th floor with no problem.The staff were brilliant and offered us more info on Barcelona than we could take in, our room was enormous with a gorgeous bathroom and breathtaking views over the city.It was clean and nobody objected to us emptying the mini bar and filling it with our own stuff.We used the spa once after a long day, this was excellant and the staff there could not have been nicer.We did not eat in the hotel, but a visit to the restaurant floor is a must to look at the view.One bit of advice, take the old travel kettle as there are no tea making facilities in the room.If you want to walk out of your door and find bars and restaurants then this is not for you, but the metro is superb and a T10 ticket is only 6.60 euros.(we went through 3) you are in the tourist areas in minutes speedily and in airconditioned comfort.If we return we will definately stay at this hotel and I have recommended it to all my friends.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>hasmann
<Content>Fantastic Hotel Me and my wife stayed at the Torre Catalunya Hotel in late May for a weekend break in Barcelona. The hotel is located very close to the Metro station which makes it easy to travel to any part of Barcelona (the metro system in the city is exceptional).The lobby is pleasant and the check-in proved a very simple and efficient process with plenty of information provided.We stayed in a standard room on the 17th floor (originally we were on the 5th floor but they changed our request without any problems).The room was spotless with delightful views of the City. The double bed was huge and the furniture and decor excellent.The service was generally very good, with one minor problem regarding the hot water which was fixed after a little persistence. The restaurant on the 23rd floor boasts magnificent views (although we only ate breakfast there). Breakfast was lovely with a variety of choice consisting of both hot and cold food with a selection of juices and fresh fruit.I cannot comment on the food as we ate out most of the time and ordered room service (which was excellent quality and portion sizes).We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the hotel and would highly recommend it as a cheaper alternative to the City hotels on Las Ramblas. The metro system is cheap and quick which, in my opinion, makes this a better option.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Could not have been any better! We stayed at the Hotel Torre Catalunya before and after are cruise vacation. We took 2 rooms (we were a party of seven than included 3 children), that were nothing short of spectacular. The panomaric view from our room was breathtaking. The rooms are exceptionally clean, with modern decor, and all marble floors and bath. Our family room had both a bath and a separate enclosed shower, which works great when you have kids. The staff is exceptional. I have never felt so welcomed in any hotel or resort. They truly go out of their way to please the guests. Breakfast was included in our hotel rate and it was a terrific start to our day. Finally, this hotel is a five minute walk from the Sants train station which gives you easy access to the metro and the Spanish rail system, RENFE. I can't wait to return to this beautiful city, and I will defininately stay at the Hotel Torre Catalunya.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Maximilliane
<Content>Excellent hotel-seek no more My husband andI stayed at Gran Torre Catalunya for 7 nights, and we really enjoyed every moment of our stay. We had a corner room on the 21st floor with spectacular views marble bath, marble floorings which I find very unique, marble floorings are more hygienic than carpeted ones in my opinion. We had dinner at their restaurant VISUAL, although it's a bit pricey but it was really worth the money you paid. We had breakfast at their restaurant every morning served on the 23rd floor with view of the whole city and the breakfast buffet is quiet good. I had 1 x facial treatment and 4 xmassages at their SPA and I highly recomment it, the SPA therapist Ms. Carmen is indeed very competent! If you prefer to stay in a place where you can have spotless rooms, quiet slumber, excellent service, seek no more, this is the hotel!! The windows are double glazed which keep the outside noise to a minimun. There are lots of nice restaurants around the hotel which are very reasonable. One of them is located at the Carrer Terragona, around 4 minutes walk, it's called Restaurant Peking, the food is excellent and not pricey. The hop-on hop-off bus Bus Turistik stops at the train station Sants Estacio (few mintues walk), ideal way to get to know Barcelona leisurely, by the way, tickets for the Bus Turistik can be bought just right on the bus. The metro station is accessible through the train station as well, perfect way to travel. The metro station is clean and modern. There is a Tourist Information booth right in the train station where you can buy your tickets, they all speak good English and give concrete explanations as to where to go or how to find your way. We are very impressed with the city and the hotel, we'll be back very soon.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MariaSF2006
<Content>Excellent Hotel, will stay again!       View from our room  
<Date>Jun 1, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Nice Hotel  My wife and I have just returned from a beautiful weekend in Barcelona 18-22 of May stayed at the Torre Catalunia hotel. our superior room was at the 20th' floor, very nice,clean and speacios the view was fantastic. After reading the reviews at Tripadvisor we have decided to pay some more and have the 'superior' room, it was worth it.The hotel is near the Sants station but still it is a bit far from the center so we had to use the underground at list twice a day from, and to, the hotel . if you are looking for a beautiful view, very nice room and you don' t mind to use the Underground has mentioned above take the Torre Catalunia, otherwise choose one of the hotel's at the La Ramblas located in the hurt of the center.  
<Date>May 22, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Gordon2112
<Content>Lives up to high expectations       Outside view from Sants Metro station  
<Date>May 21, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Aman2000
<Content>Excellent.. I stayed here for 4 nights and have to say that it was an excellent choice. Our executive room was not ready upon arrival, they therefore upgraded us to a superior room which was fantastic. Clean room, bright and airy, luxurious and fantastic service. Sants station across the road, touirst bus stop around the corner, what more do you want!!! I paid 拢70 per night- very good value indeed.  
<Date>May 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>nubianlaydeetee
<Content>Just as good 2nd time around! This is the 2nd time that I have stayed at the Gran Torre Catalunya (the first being in Sept / Oct 05). It was just as good this time!I stayed from 28th-30th April and had a room on the 9th Floor - facing the Hotel Expo. I have previously stayed on the 15th floor but facing the square -The rooms to the back facing the Expo and the garden are MUCH quieter!I didn't use the Spa or use the Restuarant for dinner (I did that last time) but did use the room service - the menus are excellent!The staff are friendly , helpful, polite and I had the most enjoyable stay.I would recommend the GTC to anyone looking for a modern clean efficient Hotel to stay at in Barcelona. It's a little way away from the main Touristy bits (Metro access is good to everywhere - I used the 3 day Travelcard) but there is more to Barcelona than Las Ramblas! Needless to say I will be back!Just a note - If you go the the Francesc Maci脿 roundabout on Ave. Diagonal in the evening and look down the view is stunning and you can see the neon sign of the hotel!  
<Date>May 9, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Paula083
<Content>Excellent Hotel, highly recommended Me and my boyfriend stayed at the Gran Hotel Torre Catalunya for 5 nights at the beginning of May. My overall impression of the hotel was A*.We stayed in a standard room which we were very pleased with. It was very clean and spacious with a lovely bathroom. Everything was there that we needed for a break in Barcelona. Our room was situated on the 10th floor and although facing the Expo hotel we still had a nice view of the park which is situated close to the hotel. I didn't feel that the view was a problem at all as other people have stated and we never experienced any excess noise due to traffic or other people staying at the hotel.Although the hotel was further out of the center of Barcelona it is situated right next to Barcelona Sants station, which is the city's main train station. From here you can get the metro, train and buses into and around the city or further afield. We took advantage of the 2-day Bus Turistic pass which is the tourist bus that takes you all around the city on three different routes where you can hop on and off the bus. It is value for money at 22 euros for an unlimited two day use. One of the routes also picks up at the Barcelona Sants station and you can hop between the routes. Also if you are coming from Barcelona Airport there is a train or bus service that runs to Barcelona Sants at very good rates, although it isn't too far by taxi either.The only downfall on location is there aren't many bars and restaurants around the area where the hotel is. This wasn't a problem for us as we still ventured in to the center on an evening and also used the hotel amenities which were excellent.I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone going to Barcelona, the staff were both helpful and accomodating throughout our stay, our room was clean and spacious, location is brilliant if you want to see both Barcelona and further and it is excellent value for money for the standard of hotel that you receive.  
<Date>May 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would stay elsewhere.... We booked the Torre Catalunya for 3 nights in early May having read the reviews here in TripAdvisor. It's certainly nice to see your hotel right in front of you after arriving in Barcelona Sants station, especially after a long days travelling. And, as other posters already said, because of its location beside the station, it is ideal for getting around Barcelona or for day trips to regions around Barcelona. However, it is away from the main tourist areas around La Ramblas so we found ourselves making the trek in and out to our hotel to these areas at least twice a day which became cumbersome. If I was to go again, I think I would book somewhere closer to La Ramblas where you could stroll back late at night and wake up in the morning and be in the middle of all the action again. The hotel itself was clean and the staff were friendly. On checking in, I asked for a room high up but the only room available was on the 3rd floor. The room was large and clean. The bathroom was again clean with plenty of space. But our 'double bed' was two single beds pushed together..and I hate that. Our room had absolutely no view. In fact, our balcony had a wall around it with spikes on top that almost made us feel we were locked in! But I must emphasis that we were unlucky with our room. But if you get a room on the 3rd floor facing the Hotel Expo this is what you'll get.The restaurant on the 23rd floor is outstanding. Even if you decide not to stay here, I would recommend their restaurant. It's a little bit pricey but the panoramic views of Barcelona are simply outstanding. and the food wasn't bad either!  
<Date>May 6, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel but needs to repair some features       Broken Table  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>tdog18
<Content>Nice hotel, less-than-ideal location We just got back from spending the Easter weekend at Hotel Torre Catalunya. The only real negative thing I can say about the hotel is that it can be very noisy ... not noise from the outside traffic, noise from the INSIDE. It's all marble floors, and you hear everything. We slept the worst we've ever slept in a hotel our first night. BUT other than that, it was a very nice hotel with big rooms and great views. If you are traveling often on the train to other regions, the location is ideal. If you feel you will primarily be in the Ramblas area, you may want to consider something more central. The metro is very convenient and cheap (we bought 2 T-10 passes + 4 single rides, so we used it to get everywhere) but it does mean you have to make long trips back. We like to make pit-stops to leave bags, use the bathroom, etc, and we really couldn't. Given that, I think we would try to stay at Hotel Banys Oriental if we go back. We had tried to get a room based on friends' recommendations, but they were fully booked.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2006
<Rating>3	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointing A business type hotel close to Sants station, convenient for access to the airport and the metro station for Barcelona's tourist spots. The rooms were spacious, clean and well kept. For breakfast there was a wide choice of food available but the organisation was dreadful and on the Saturday it descended into the farcical with guests queueing for upwards of 30 mins to get into the dining area. One further point, check your credit card bill carefully, I found 40+ euros were charged to my credit card after we had checked out.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2006
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>ssouthall6
<Content>Wow What a hotel! More of a conference style hotel given that the rooms are geared up for businessmen, but even so the room I shared with my other half for a weekend getaway was ideal for us, with a fantastic view of Barcelona from the window even on the third floor.The hotel reminded me of the Metropolitan in London, very similar rooms and layout. On arrival the staff were very friendly and helpful. There is a chap with a goatee beard who works as a porter there who went to great lengths to ensure we got to see everything we wanted to in Barcelona, providing us with maps and discussing timeframes of certain locations. We didn't use the spa facilities but they seemed excellent and we were disappointed in the end we weren't staying a bit longer to give them a go.Breakfast was superb and the relatively expensive cost was offset by the sensational panoramic view of Barcelona you get while tucking into your morning pastry.The bathroom was great, the only complaint being the shower which although sunk into the floor did seem to be designed for people 5ft and under!The room was a little noisy too, although this is to be expected in such a large hotel. The people next to us seemed to enjoy dragging the chairs in the room backwards and forwards but I suppose the likelihood of this happening again is fairly slim.Otherwise the stay was great. The hotels location, a minute walk from Barcelona-Sants, is perfect for exploring the city. The metro station is two stops from the Nou Camp and around 5 stops from Las Ramblas, and Passeig de Gracia and Barceloneta are nearby as well. The metro and train systems are outstanding in Barcelona and are a great inexpensive way to get round the city.If I go back to Barcelona I will certainly stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>couf
<Content>Excellent location and Lovely hotel Hotel is 2 minute walk from the train station. The 2 major tour buses stop 5 minutes from the hotel. You can get to any major destination (city center / waterfront) in about 15 min on train. The room was beautiful. Large bed, large bath, seperate shower, 2 sinks, huge open windows for a view of the city (from 17th floor for us). After hours room service was limited, but the 23rd floor restaurant was very nice and posh. The breakfast wasn`t included in the price, but it was worth it with a nice morning selection. The hotel also had a spa area that cost 6 EUR a day. The hotel was also very clean, and the staff was polite and helpful. Would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>belwill
<Content>Great hotel but not sure about the restaurant The hotel is located in a great area to access public transport. Literally, next door to Sans train station and the Metro. Reception staff where friendly and very helpful. The room was very modern and well designed. Apart from paint splashed windows and 'not so' good view of the expo hotel next door, the room was excellent. Fantastic views of Barcelona from the restaurant on the 23rd Floor. The restaurant we found very disappointing in terms of food and service. We felt hurried into ordering. A veal dish was returned as the underside was raw. It took over 20 minutes before they returned with the dish. By which time I had eaten my meal and my partner had cancelled her food as she was tired of waiting for her food. No apologises for the uncooked food or the fact that they had forgotten us!!!It spoilt an otherwise great stay.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>What2DoNext
<Content>The best hotel I have stayed at in Europe... The Gran Hotel Torre Catalunya is the best hotel I have been at in Europe. I am certain that there are probably other 4 to 5* hotels which are probably just as good but the Gran Hotel Torre Catalunya is great value for money. I ordered an executive room but the hotel did not have any with a double bed so they upgraded me immediately. I had a room on the 21st floor and the views from my corner suite was to die for. No other hotel could have those views. The hotel is easily one of the highest points in the city. It is also at a great location near the Sants train and metro. The service at the hotel is to die for (I did not even have to push the button on the lift) and the staff are extremely helpful. I would definitely go there again. Since I was working there, I did not have time to visit the facilities like the pool and spa. The only thing I missed was Internet in my room but this was not a major problem. There is a Internet cafe in the hotel. Also the room service is really good as is the breakfast.The best place I had dinner was Les Quinze Nits on Placa Reial (off Las Ramblas) with English menus. This restaurant opens at 8.30pm and you don't make reservations so people generally go there and queue from 8.15pm. There is almost always a long line to get in but it is worth it. There is also a really good vegetarian place called the Organic.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>alienhead
<Content>excellent hotel! great price like always, i made sure to check trip advisor before booking a hotel in barcelona.i realy liked the sound of this place, and the views from the massive windows were spectacular, i remember one tripadvisor recomending to ask for a room on a high floor, which we got no problem. during the high season, it might be best to ask before hand though.the room was massive, cd player, large tv, lots of storage space, we were only there for a weekend, but if you have a lot of gear, you're sorted.the bathroom was also hugh, walk in shower, seperate bath, walk in toilet and b'day and his and her's sink, nice touch.i found the staff very nice, without being too in your face.the loaction is great, 3 min walk to the metro, and main train station.fantasic city, fantasic hotel.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>cherrypye
<Content>Perfect,Fantastic,Look no further Stayed at the torre catalunya during the barcelona v chelsea match. From start to finish they looked after us. We had the most perfect corner suite with almost floor to ceiling windows, the biggest bed i have ever seen and panoramic views of the whole city. Slept with all the curtains open (19th floor) and the sunrise on our first morning is something that everybody should see before they shuffle off this mortal coil. Barcelona has the best underground ever! Even i could understand it and with a Barcelona card you can travel as much as you want for pennies. Only fault was that we were only there for 3 days and didn't get to see half of what we wanted... Oh,Dear! Going to have to go back! Mmmm. Wonder where we will stay!  
<Date>Mar 11, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chris036
<Content>Could this be THE best view from a Hotel in Barcelona??       Interior Hallways  
<Date>Mar 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Emielou
<Content>Ok, but could have tried harder Myself and my boyfriend booked this hotel based on other reviews and also the internet deal that we got (BB for 拢200 for 3 nights). We flew to Reus airport which is an hour away from the city and got the bus provided for 18 euros return (I thought this was a bit pricey). If we went again I will book with Easyjet and fly to one of the nearer airports. The hotel is right next to the Sants station (where the bus drops you). It is ideal for getting the metro to anywhere in the city. If you get a T-10 it works out very cheap and you can hop on and off when you need. It took us 5-10 minutes to get to Las Rambles and anywhere else. The metro feels safe and is incredibly efficient (Britain could learn a thing or two) and it runs until at least midnight.We were allocated a non-smoking room on the 10th floor with a double bed. The room was lovely with a big marble bathroom and it even speakers in the bathroom. Don't use the mini bar, go next door to the 'hipermercat' and get wine, beer and snacks for a fraction of the price. The breakfast was good if not a bit disorganised and there didn't seem to be enough tables for the number of guests that they accomodate. We didn't use the restaurant at night as we were on a budget and wanted to venture out but when we asked the staff for recommendations they weren't too forthcoming. I would suggest using the timeout guide as they seemed to have it spot on. Make reservations at Octubre early! We ate in Tapa Tapa (english menu that was a god send as I was terrified of ordered rabbit or squid) and a few other little places we came across. The best by far was Les Quinze Nits on Placa Reial for quality and price, although the queue was huge when it opened at 8.30 we were seated in 5 mintues. It was 40 euros for both of us to have starers, mains and dessert, a litre of wine and mineral water. Also there is a place just round the corner called Crema Canela (or something like that) that is yummy! Try the superchocolate dessert it's amazing. There seemed to be some nice places down by the Fountains which are 10 minutes from the hotel but we didn't end up eating down there.The hotel looks further from the centre on a map than it actually is. For the price and convience of the metro and bus station it was a good choice. We didn't have time to use the spa so I can't comment on that. The staff were friendly enough and spoke English but I felt that you had to push for information or help and having worked in a 2/3* hotel for 4 years they certainly could have tried harder in view of their 4* rating. The one incident that did hugely annoy me was that on our final day we were due to leave at 6.45am, 15 minutes before the start of breakfast and although we had paid for it we were told by reception that they could not get us even a glass of juice or water let alone anything to eat and that we should buy breakfast from elsewhere.When we visit Barcelona again we would consider this hotel if we could get a 'barginous' deal but otherwise there are plenty of other hotels around.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Warning there is one thing wrong with this hotel !! My partner and I recently stayed at this hotel as a late valentines weekend. We booked direct through the hotels website and got a great deal and were lucky enough to be in a corner room on the 19th floor with amazing views, the room was massive and spotless. Breakfast on the 23rd is great and really is worth it, one of the best hotel breakfast I've ever had, the location to the train and metro make it perfect for exploring this fantastic city.The hotel staff are wonderful, we even had a massage in the health club as part of our trip which was very relaxing. I would recommend this hotel to anyone and have even booked my parents in for later next month.So I guess you're asking what is wrong.... The problem is that this hotel is so good and the levels of service so great that you will come away wondering why all hotels can't be like this...  
<Date>Mar 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointing Chose this hotel based on the rave reviews from previous guests. Requested 2 double rooms on high floors as previous reviews stated lower floors are noisy due to traffic. Checked in early afternoon for a 3 night stay and were given 2 twin rooms on 6th floor. Asked to be moved to a higher floor with doubles (as per bookig form) but apparently the hotel was full (not that I ever saw that many people about) and they were unable to move us. The first night we had little or no sleep because of the traffic noise - again complained to the reception desk the next morning. Many guests were checking out at the time but again they refused to move us and asked me to come back about 2 o'clock to check room availability then!!! One thing was for certain I wouldn't be back at 2pm to sort out their incompetence as we had a full day planned out and about. The sleep situation didn't get much better fort he rest of the stay.The spa is (supposedly) open from 7.30am however when my husband went to use the facilities one morning it was closed and not opening until 2pm even though he'd checked with the receptionist the night before who confirmed it would be open at 7.30am. This was out 4th trip to Barcelona - great city lots to see and do but next time I would use one of the many excellent hotels around the Eixapmle/Gracia area.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great hotel and excellent staff Stayed with my girlfriend 3 nights and cannot speak highly enough of the spotless rooms and marble bathroom. The view from the restaurant is superb and the breakfasts of a high standard. The reception, bar, room and restaurant staff are fantastic. We had lunch and a quick drink in the bar shortly after arrival and the bar manager brought us a map and explained where all the sights were and how much it would cost to get there. Sants Station is 2 minutes walk (you can't miss it!) and the metro is only 1.20 euro for a trip and the train is every 3 minutes. Get the RENFE train to Stiges which is 40 minutes away and costs 2.40 euro its fantastic. The magic fountain is less than 10 minutes walk and its a must!!!! We saw the 8.30pm show with the 1812 overture, Sting, Madonna and Beyonce! All round and excellent place to stay  
<Date>Feb 27, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cypriatvisitor
<Content>Nice hotel and places to visit Very good hotel. We chose this hotel based on other reviews on this website. We booked an executive room and stayed on the 16th floor. The hotel has 22 floors in all with the 23rd dedicated to the restaurant. The room was nice and clean with all the amenities like TV, kettle, mini bar, safe, bathroom with twin basin, power shower etc. etc. The hotel is also very conveniently located next to the Sants Estacio metro about 2 minutes walk from the hotel. There is a supermarket just outside the hotel also which is good for your daily supplies like bottled water, naranja, snacks etc. We did not eat at the hotel restaurant, only because it was quite pricy for our budget but the view is lovely from the top floor. Also the spa in the hotel costs $6 euros per person and is well worth it after a long day site seeing. The hotel rooms either face inland with the mountain view or outwards with the sea view. We got the one facing inland with the mountain view which was nice but if you are to put in a request for a room then opt for the sea view as this is nicer. In terms of places to eat, we basically ate fast food during the day and had a decent meal in the evening. Good restaurants are, i) Pizza Marzano on Las Ramblas (equivalent to Pizza Express in UK both in terms of food and price), ii) Restaurante Chino Internacional on C. Fernando just off Las Ramblas (decor is run of the mill but the food and service are both very good), iii) La Fonda on Escudellers just off Placa Reial near Las Ramblas (good atmosphere, food was OK) iv) Baha Beach Club on the coast near the Olympic Port (we had lunch there and the food and view were good). The place to avoid is the Attic on Las Ramblas. From the outside the Attic looks very inviting and we were snarred by this complete tourist trap. They only offered the wine list and had no drinks menu (probably to hide the high prices) and offered us bread rolls which were rock hard and then put them on the bill at 1.45 Euros each. We did most of the sites in Barcelona in 3 days and decided to venture into Sitges and Monserrat. Sitges is a nice sleepy town on the coast. Has a carnival during the last week of February. Sitges can be reached by train from Sants Estacio train station in 45 minutes and the return ticket is 4.80 Euros. Monserrat is good for the view from the mountains. Make sure therefore to go there on a good sunny day. Trains go from Placa Espanyal every hour and take approx. 1hour. We did the return train and all the funiculars package for 18.40 Euros each. There is also another package including dinner at $30 Euros but we found a cafe there which did a decent lunch for approx. $6 Euros each. There is a desk at the Placa Espanyal train station dedicated for visitors to Monserrat, they will explain you the various prices and also help you with the tickets purchase and get you onto the right platform for the train so no need to worry about pre-planning this trip. All in all a good holiday and great hotel. Best to visit during the last week of February if you want to visit the carnival in Sitges also.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect Perfect Perfect!!!!! This Hotel was perfect. I chose this hotel because of all the other reviews and i was very happy. You will not be dissapointed. The only thing is the distance from the major sites which is really not a problem at all since the metro station is literally diagnol to the hotel, 2 minute walk. The rooms are a nice size for a European hotel. They are actually the same size as the American hotels. View is superb. I cant say enough great things about this hotel.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Gran Torre - very pleasant stay I stayed at the Gran Torre for 3 nights in Aug 2005. I booked it over the internet and, as there was a special deal that week, I managed to get a double room for the price of a single room. I hadn't been to Spain before and I went on my own (single woman) so I wanted to make sure I stayed somewhere decent. And I wasn't disappointed. The room was beautiful; the bathroom was huge and, as I had a corner room I could see for literally miles around. (Make sure you request a room above the 11th floor for the best views.) Even though the hotel is across the road from Sants station, it wasn't noisy. The staff were very pleasant. The one thing that I didn't like was the pool but I wouldn't let that put me off staying here again. I bought a 10-journey metro pass and visited Barceloneta beach every day. Brill!  
<Date>Feb 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Really nice hotel! I spent 3 nights here between 9th and 11th February and on the whole it was really nice! The room was a good size with a tv, stereo, mini bar and lovely marble bathroom. My only slight complaint was that we requested a non-smoking double room and were given a smoking one, although as another reviewer has said, the smell in the room wasn't very noticeable. The hotel is quite well placed, being a minutes walk from the main train/metro station in Barcelona. One thing I found very useful was the Barcelona Card we got - you can buy cards for varying lengths of time and you get free metro, train and tram travel and also discounts to most of the major attractions - definitely worthwhile having!  
<Date>Feb 13, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Boniedarling
<Content>Loved it ! I took my daughter in early Dec as a 21st birthday present we had just 4 nights but we had a wonderful time and the hotel was just great everything was lovely especially the breakfast which was included. the english porter was so friendly and so helpful and would not take a tip the only problem we had was when my daughter went for a massage they were doing alterations to the pool room and the drilling was defening.but it has to be done sometime, I do agree with everyone that the higher you go the better as the views are great also great for getting every where as the metro is opposite the hotel and is so cheap especially if you buy a multiticket and as it is a main station it goes everywhere  
<Date>Feb 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Paddy_on_tour
<Content>Excellent value and quality We stayed here for 3 nights 26th - 29th Jan and were very pleasantly surprised at the great quality of everything in this hotel. Everything is spotless and well maintained and the staff are very helpful.The thing that shocked us most was how reasonable the prices were for this standard of hotel. Dublin and the Costas in Spain could learn a thing or two about ripping people off. The room service menu and minibar charges are excellent. 3 euro for a beer/vodka and 8 euro for a deluxe burger with all the trimmings delivered to your room! I call that value! The room was very stylish and a good size with a very comfortable bed! Hi Fi and large screen TV, bathrobes and slippers all very nice quality. Great bathroom with twin sinks and a speaker from whichever device you have on in the bedroom. All in all the nicest hotel I have stayed in and at 拢65 BB a steal. As Arnie says I`ll be back!  
<Date>Feb 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>First class Despite the rain, myself and my partner spent a super weekend in Barcelona. The hotel was second to none, the staff were most helpful upgrading us immediately to a double room as there were some available, and we only had a twin...didn't even need to ask. The views over the city from the restaurant were excellent, just unfortunate it was murky while we stayed.We took the opportunity to get a massage. Masseur was excellent.The hotel was a stones throw away from the Sants railway/metro station from which you can get anywhere in the city in 25 mins.Nou camp stadium which is well worth a visit, is just a 20 min walk away.Sagrada Familia, 10 mins on metro, is worth a look from outside, although 8.50 euros a piece to get inside to see scaffolding and not much else is worth thinking twice about.All in all, we will certainly be going back to Barcelona again, and will have no decision to make about where to stay. We will be straight back to this hotel.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TDWG
<Content>Something Special! My partner and I stayed here for a fantastic long romantic weekend in Barcelona in July 2005 during which we became engaged!This is an impressive, contemporary hotel in a handy location very close to one of the main train\metro stations from the airport, with breathtaking views across barcelona from most of the rooms. We had an executive room on one of the mid floors on a last minute deal which I would probably recommend over a standard room if you are going to stay in this type of hotel.The rooms are contemporary, clean, tranquil  classy with marble and wood and there are lots of nice little touches such as a hi-fi\CD player, twin sinks, robes, slippers and ice machines on every floor.Staff seem very able, efficient and friendly, in fact everything ran so smoothly you hardly noticed they were there.I very much recommend one (lazy) night having an evening meal at the hotel restaurant\bar located at the top of the building. We had a window seat and the views are even more amazing than the room. The service was efficient but unhurried and the food was of a very high standard indeed.I know from reading past reviews on the web some of the floors were due for a refit which was evident when we explored some of the lower floors. But it was clear that our floor and many others had been renovated to an excellent standard but do check with the hotel before you book.Overall, very very good if your looking for something a little special on your weekend away in Barcelona. We would recommend this and we will stay again if we visit Barcelona in the future.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Hotel Stayed in this hotel for 4 nights it was amazing couldnt fault it or its staff, they were all most helpfull and the restaurant visual was outstanding!!!anyone who is thinking of staying here go for it you wont be dissapointed!  
<Date>Jan 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Breathtaking views We stayed at this hotel for a short break between Christmas and New Year as a birthday present for my boyfriend. We stayed in a suite on the 17th floor and the views were absolutely breathtaking. Watching the Barcelona sunrise was wonderful. The hotel was really nice, clean, and staff were friendly. The only disappointment was the restaurant. The food was sparce and very expensive and the waiter spilt a tray of drinks over us! Food in the lounge bar was much better.We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Joe_78
<Content>excellent choice This is an excellent hotel and a great value for money. We stayed for a week around New Year's; paid $123/night for an executive room but were upgraded to a suite. It had a great lineup of amenities (two flat TVs and minibars, bathtub and shower with a heated mirror in the bathroom, stylish interior with leather upholstery, night chocolates etc.) and manificent views. Service was laudable even if inconsistent at times. The hotel is not right in the center but is quite conveniently located anyway. In-room internet is not free (10 euros+tax per 24 hours) - it wasn't promised to be included in the price but in this hotel range it really should be.There's so much to see and do in Barcelona but be prepared to be treated to a noticeable lack of organization and service. Absolutely nothing was organized for the New Year's eve (there were like 10,000 people waiting in Placa Catalunya and we didn't even know when the midnight was) and even the decorative lights were turned off at 1AM (night illumination of buildings goes off even earlier, starting already at 10PM, which is irritating and just perfectly pointless). Some sights have erratic hours about which you will not be able to get to know at the 'tourist info' centers and at most sights you will be charged an easy 10-15 euros then handed a boring subjective audio guide lacking any actual information. Many restaurants were closed for a solid 2-3 weeks around Christmas. (Now how stupid is that?) We walked around Montjuic for over an hour looking for Poble Espanyol because there were no signs posted anywhere. And then we were conveniently ripped off on our way to the airport - the taxi driver turned on the higher fare (it was Monday mid-day) and declined to explain why.If you are willing to put up with this general mentality to explore and enjoy all that this great city has to offer, then I say seriously consider Torre Catalunya - if I go back, it will be my choice again.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lucyamartin
<Content>OK but not great I guess I will say this was above average because it was pretty cheap, about $88 per night and the rooms were nice. I was irritated however, by the fact that they advertised a sauna and Turkish bath on their web site and it is currently under renovation. This was a big disappointment. I liked the little gym area though.I was also annoyed by the fact that they didn't have coffee or tea in the room-- although you could order it from room service for 6 euros!!Unlike some other reviewers, we had a pretty disgusting view of apartment buildings and the train station. This hotel may have nice views from some angles but it is not in a nice part of town. it is very convenient for buses, trains and metros but not in an attractive location. I would recommend staying in the old city for a more charming Barcelona experience although this place certainly is good value and on the metro it is not at all difficult to get to the old city.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved this Hotel!! My friend and I went to Barcelona for our Birthdays. We chose this hotel and were not disappointed!! It was really nice, very clean and luxurious! The best hotel I had ever stayed in!In the evening, we went to their restaurant on the 23rd floor (called Visual) and enjoyed a superb meal with stunning night views of Barcelona! I would advise you to book your meal as soon as you check in as we tried to go there the following night and it was fully booked! If you can't go there at night, the breakfast is served in the same restaurant, so you'll be able to see the nice views in daylight...We ordered room service and the meals were excellent and we had plenty of food on our plates! It was reasonably priced too...I would certainly recommend this hotel and we are hoping to revisit Barcelona this year... and I know that I will be staying at this hotel again!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kymsy
<Content>Fab Hotel Spent 3 nights here in December. Our second stay stayed last year also. Had a very nice suite the first time on the 18th floor grate views over the city. Booked a executive room this time but when we got there the room was very small and not in my view an executive room. After contacting reception we were moved to a much nicer room on the 19th floor.Had dinner in the restuarant on the 23rd floor our last night. Views were better than the food, and quite expensive. But would stay here again if visiting Barcelona again.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The most romantic break in the most romantic city When we think of romantic getaways, we immediately conjure up mental images of the Eiffel Tower in Paris, a gentle walk along a Caribbean beach at Sunset or even ice skating on the rink in Central Park. Never had I thought that Barcelona would be the place to give your heart - whether it is to the city or another person. Last weekend I gave mine to both.My boyfriend and I checked into the Gran Hotel Torre Catalunya on Friday 16th December for a weekend getaway. Despite lastminute not delivering their promise of upgarding us to an executive suite, the hotel ensured we still got our suite on the 18th floor, and even allowed us to check in two hours before the given time.Our room (1817) overlooked some of the most beautiful aspects of the city, and being 18 floors up we witnessed some of the most wonderful views as the sunlight hit different parts of buildings at different times of the day. At night we could see the Magic Fountain in the distance, along with the port, the Olympic Stadium and the Christopher Columbus statue.The room itself was luxurious, although not as big as I had perhaps expected. A CD player, mini-bar, robes and slippers, heated mirror in the bathroom which didn't steam up when the shower was on, chocolates on the pillows and a doorbell to the room were all little extras that led us to feeling that extra bit special and pampered.The restaurant in the hotel is situated on the 23rd floor, with amazing panoramic views of the city. The breakfast is wonderful and with the ability to eat as much as you like, it definitely sets you up for the day. However we were unable to eat there during the evening as there wasn't a vegetarian option. The lounge bar is also a lovely place to stop for a drink before you embark upon the city, and is by no means expensive.The city itself offers something different depending on what you want from it. It's the sort of city that is very sure of itself and doesn't need to try to win you over... it simply does. Must see sites include Camp Nou Stadium tour, the Sagrada Familia, Las Ramblas (but watch out for over priced restaurants), the Harbour and the open top tour bus which is freezing in December but gives you a much wider perspective on the varying elements the city has to offer. But the most wondrous, magical, romantic surprise of the weekend was the Magic Fountatin which is situated next to the Espanol metro station. Buzzing with activity and noise, the avenue leading up to the magic fountain is decorated with tens of fountains lining the road. The fountain itself is a multitude of colours and is choreograophed to music. This to me was by far the most romantic experience of my life, the sheer force of the water and the occasion making it difficult to fight back the tears.All in all I would recommend Barcelona to everyone as there is something to satisfy all tastes and needs. There is certainly plenty for us to do when we return and I am sure we will visit some old favourites too.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>NorthWestUKDayo
<Content>Look no further - stay here!! We found this hotel via trip advisor.We where not dissappointed, it is simply a great hotel with very friendly staff and great facilities. Rooms are excellent and well appointed as you would expect from a 4 star hotel. We paid 65 Euro a night for a double room which was an absolute bargain. To relax, have a drink or meal from the 23rd floor restaurant - views are breathtaking over the whole of Barcelona, especially at sunset.My only very minor gripe, the pool area looks great but the water is not heated, so for us was too cold to use.The location is perfect for the excellent Barcelona metro system, with the Sants-Estacio trian station within 200 metres of the front door. (A useful tip to save you some walking, directly opposite the entrance of the hotel, next to the Panns restaurant is an Elevator to the metro. Once you have bought your 3/5/7 day all in metro  bus pass (12 Euro for the 3 day pass) from the tourist info at the station, just use this elevator. It will save your legs as they will certainly be used exploring the rest of Barcelona). As for sights around Barcelona, the Nou Camp is impressive, as is the Ramblas, the Port area and the great variety of restaurants and bars. We thought the Sagarda Familia was a waste of money, 8 Euros each to go in, and with all the building works - you may as well view it from the outside (it is an impressive building). You can also see it from the Hotel viewing deck.I had heard comments before about pick pockets etc in Barcelona, I would say don't be alarmed just be sensible with your property and keep your wits about you. I did not perceive it to be any worse than most major cities. (Don't let this stop you from visiting a great city).Enjoy Barcelona and specifically this hotel, I hope you find our comments useful.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>G&HMLondon
<Content>Luxury and location The only bad thing I can say about the hotel was that the room service breakfast was cold by the time it got to our room. Other than that the hotel was excellent. A very comfortable bed, walk in shower and within spitting distance of Sants metro station for exploring the city.Must see's are the Sagrada Familia, Park Gueil and Casa Botjo - all Gaudi creations and all beautiful. The Mercat de St Josep was also incredible.To ensure you don't end up having an argument, make sure taxi drivers start the meter when you get in and keep your wits about you in tourist-centric areas to avoid becoming a victim of bag snatchers.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>MarkGL2
<Content>Good modern hotel Stayed just 1 night but had an excellent corner room on 8th floor. The hotel was quiet, not too hot (makes a change), the room was large with 2 wardrobes and big bathroom with a shower big enough for 6, separate bath and double basins. The room also had a CD player and large flat screen TV with Sky News. Breakfast on 23rd floor was good too with the views a nice bonus in the morning. In my opinion, above average for Spain and good value through Octopus. Right across from the Sants station makes it easy to get to from the airport. The only downside is that there is a limited restaurant selection in the immediate vicinity but that is easily cured by taking the subway or a 10 minute walk.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>MariahandFamily
<Content>Amazing!! This hotel was beautiful. We stayed in an Executive Double for around $80 a night! We had a corner room with an amazing view. I could not believe how huge this room was, and it had two bathrooms with a separate living room. The restaurant was very expensive, because you were paying for the view; we decided to order room service (burgers). Funny, but we got our breakfast from the train station every day. There were a ton of shops and all had great food and prices.The underground station was just across the street and was so easy to use. You could get all over the city this way and in just min. I would recommend seeing every site on the map especially G眉ell Park (if you do not like walking then take a taxi or bus to this park)! I would also recommend swimming on the beach and then walking up Las Ramblas in the evening for entertainment and Tapas.We will definitely stay here again when we come back!  
<Date>Nov 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Hotel to match the city. Having just spent 4 days in the amazing city of Barcelona using the Torree Catulunya hotel as a base tops it off the location is oposite the santos station which gives you accsess to every part of the city and tourist attractions, 12 euros for a 3 day unlimited metro and bus pass was excellent value. The magic fountain which is located just behind the hotel is well worth a visit on a Friday or Saturday night for a stunning display done to music. The hotel caters for your every need wewere lucky enough to have had a room on the 19th floor with stunning views over the city the decor was very simple and modern making great use of soft lighting and mirrors along with a huge bathroom with a walk in shower room and big bath the room was cleaned twice a day and was spotless. The panoramic resturant on the 23rd floor really does blow your mind with the view overlooking many of the citys landmarks. The evening menu will not be to everyones taste and probably won't fill you but well worth a try for a night. we found ourselves eating around the ramblas which is only a few stops along the metro line.The spa area in the hotel is small but offers everything from saunas and steam rooms to a dip pool with hydro massage but note that children are excluded from this area. If you are looking for a city break with excellent accomodation this is it.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Untrustworthy Very disappointed having selected and booked the Hotel Torre Catalunya from reviews by Tripadvisor members about three weeks ago, to turn up and be told that they were transferring us due to a 'computer problem' causing overbooking.Discovered that we weren't the only ones shifted to accomdate a 150 person booking they received, and that this practice had occurred to other tripadvisor members also sent elsewhere previously from this hotel.Would strongly suggest confirming with them in advance that your internet booking will be honoured, or there's no point in travelling to them and being sent to an unsuitable hotel of their choosing...  
<Date>Nov 4, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sinoko896
<Content>the best no complaints. large rooms  bathrooms. best service. value for money!  
<Date>Oct 31, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous Hotel! We have just returned from a 3 night stay at the Torre Catalunya and had a great time. The views from the 23rd floor have to be seen to be believed. The service and friendliness, professionalism and helpfulness of staff was beyond expectations. We were on the 8th floor but were not disturbed by traffic noise at night, even though it was quite heavy. (We were also on the front where the traffic was!). The spa, pool etc was lovely (as someone said before, believe the photos). We would definitely go back to this hotel. It was first-class. Although the district was not too pretty and there were no restaurants around that we could find, it is so convenient for getting around by train, metro, bus or taxi. We ate in the restaurant one evening and enjoyed the meal, however, it was pricey - seems that you paid for presentation rather than quantity. You can eat in the bar though if you prefer. Very good choice at breakfast which was included in our deal. We have never stayed in such a good hotel before and were impressed.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>nowonmai
<Content>Great location for a great city situated literally across the road from Sants station which is a mere 15-20mins train ride from the airport. It's only about a 10 minute metro ride from all the attractions. Hotel is clean and has great views of the city from it's 23rd floor restaurant. Not much else in the vicinity though it would still have scored top marks but for 2 minor things - we had to wait nearly 15 minutes at check-in to be allocated a room because they didn't have the non-smoking double that we had booked. They then said we cold either have a non-smoking twin or a smoking double so we took the double but it was fine and didn't smell anyway. We then discovered the air conditioning didn't work. To be fair, an engineer turned up and fixed it 10 minutes after we reported it. On the whole, I would still recommend this hotel and use it again  
<Date>Oct 28, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jenna5
<Content>Good value, nice rooms, convenient location My friends and I stayed for four nights in this hotel during the festival weekend in September 2005. The hotel is conveniently located near the train/metro station, though I wouldn't say the area is the safest at night. Keep to the well lit street and you should be fine.The hotel decor is beautiful with its modern look, clean, and we found our beds to be very comfy. Though we were on a low floor (4), we got a great rate at 154 Euros/night considering we were booking during the festival weekend.Yes, it's not near old town where all the action is. But the subway ride is less than 15 minutes away to old town and Plaza Espayna is about 15 minutes walking distance away.End of the day - would I recommend this hotel to my friends? Definitely.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very nice hotel in a wonderful city Good modern hotel 2 minute walk from Sants railway station (3 stops from airport). Room was upgraded from std to a suite on the 22nd floor as there was a problem with our booked room. Fantastic views towards the olympic stadium and sea. bar was OK and Gym facilities were good.Tourist bus pickup point was close by. Staff service was good and they spoke good English. Would stay again.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>gabsterUK
<Content>Excellent! Excellent hotel, large rooms, fantastic retsaurant, convenient location. Best hotel I've stayed in for years (I spend approx 50 nights/year in hotel) Highly reccomended. Ask for a room on higher floors to get away from traffic. All hotels in Barcelona suffer from traffic noise - this one was very good by comparison. Buffet breakfast 14 euros - average price for the city - usual food. Taxi about 5 euros to Ramblas. Hotel is yards from Sants railway station (direct bus  train link to airport). Managed to get an autumn deal of 78 GBP per night.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Hotel in Great City + PointsExcellent location - great for the tourist bus, trains to Porta Ventura theme park, the Nou Camp and the Olympic Park.Fantastic Rooms - the rooms are big and clean. The bathrooms are ernormous.Great Views - go to the top floor for panoramic views of Barcelona. Staff - very friendly and helpful. They also all spoke English.- Points.Noise - if your room is located lower than floor 10 of this hotel, it's going to be noisy, especially at the weekends. Don't let it put you off - just take ear plugs.La Ramblas - Not really to do with the hotel but never the less, avoid it, it's not nice and feels very unsafe!!  
<Date>Sep 19, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay here when in Barcelona We decided to stay here whilst on holiday in Barcelona. So many good reviews were written about the hotel and i must admit they were all right. The hotel is quite central ( Sants train station across the road). It is clean, modern and the staff are very helpful.Breakfast in the morning was a buffet style but the views on the 23rd floor were breathtaking. We decided to have dinner on the last night in the restaurant (slightly pricey) just to take in the views of the city alone.If you are going to Barcelona don't pass this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>KevinBlackman
<Content>Wonderful Hotel with Great views We have just returned back from and 4 night break in Barcelona staying at the Torre Catalunya. The hotel was very clean as you would expect from a 4 star hotel, the breakfast was good with a massive selection. (The cooked breakfasts are slightly cold!) We also asked for a room above the 14th floor and had one on the 20th - it avoided all the noise from the traffic and also gave you fantastic views over the city.I would definately recommend this hotel to anyone. It is slightly out of the main tourist area, but if you are prepared to walk or catch the tourist bus route which stops a stones throw away it will take you around all the major sights and you can get on and off as you wish.The hotel staff were extremely helpful. We had an excellent meal on our last night in the resturant on the top floor with fantastic views.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>SCabrera
<Content>do not believe any bad reviews, this hotel is excellent! We stayed here last weekend and will not stay anywhere else when we return to Barcelona. Close to the main Sants station (you can get tourist buses from outside this station to take you all around barcelona 17 euros for one day, 21 euros for 2 days - this is worth it because there are 3 buses (red,blue and green) that have a set route to stop at all of the main tourist and non-touristy attractions). We stayed on the 16th floor: breathtaking view of the city, one whole double bed (not 2 like some rooms), big bathroom, minifridge with drinks (you will have to pay for these of course), 32 tv with some english/american news channels and a music video channel, laptop access points, couple chairs and a table. Very lovely decor all around the hotel. Clean! which is one of our main priorities. The restaurant on the 23rd floor is supreme even if it may be a bit pricey (avg 20-30 euros a meal): loved the ambience, the light background music and even though the meal portions were small, they were delightful and actually filled me. However if you're someone who eats big meals, there are loads of wonderful spanish restaurants about (Avenida Diagonal, downtown or just ask the staff - they are very, very helpful). They run a buffet breakfast every morning which is varied and tasty. I was not let down. Taxis run right outside the hotel. The hotel is suitable for couples, families, large groups but above all business travellers. Internet access and a bar and spa/pool is available downstairs. For the price we paid (拢220 each - flight, hotel - bed + breakfast) my husband and I found this hotel very good value for money.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>fantastic, money well spent if people can complain about this hotel they must be searching for something cause any complaints regarding this hotel have to be minor - what do people want for their money ??? the hotel is situated right next to the main train station making it simple to commute around. the hotel itself boasts great rooms, great bathrooms (huge) and a small but well equipped and very clean spa area. the staff are very friendly and cant seem to do enough. we asked for a room above the 10th floor as suggested by other visitors and got a room on the 18th (what great views) ok so the air con was alittle noisy, ok so there were 2 seperate beds (but there was room for 2 in the bath and the shower) for this money you would get a b+b break in a travel inn in the uk and maybe have a tenner spare in your pocket. dont be a fool and ignore this great hotel. barcelona is a great city there is so much to see and do, i will definatley go back and i wouldnt consider staying anywhere else.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MissLALondon
<Content>Fantastic views of the city and great loaction!!!! I stayed in the Gran Torre Catalunya hotel for five days in August with my boyfriend and we chose this hotel on the basis of reading other reviews on tripadvisor.Good PointsWe had a fantastic time at the hotel, the room was clean, sleek and modern with a 'to die for' marble bathroom with a bath big enough for two and him and hers matching sinks!!! The bed was huge and comfy and the views from our 10th floor windows were brilliant!!We paid for our breakfast as part of our package and the choice was very impressive, fresh meats, cheese, pastries, yogurt, fruit juice and pancakes (served with a choice of sauces, my favourite was chocolate!!!) They also served the usual scambled eggs, bacon, baked beans, toast!The views from the hotel restuarant on the 23rd floor are fantastic and not to be missed, this is the major selling point of the hotel and many of the city's attractions such as Sagrada Familia, Montjuic and the Olympic Stadium can be viewed from here.The staff were friendly and helpful, even the maids would say good morning when we passed them in the hall. The hotel boasts a spa area but we were so busy we did not get the chance to use it! The other guest were really quite and there were no rowdy groups of people making a racket at night time.The hotel is a great base for exploring Barcelona, Monjuic is within walking distance and the metro is across the road and so easy to use it makes sense to see the sights using this method of transport.Bad pointsAir conditioning! It is a saviour in some respects but it is a nuisance at night time and made us feel really cold, you can control the temperature but you can't turn it off, it also made a bit of noise so if you're a light sleeper you may fine your sleep disturbed.Traffic! The hotel is in a busy area on a busy stretch of road so traffic noise is to be expected!!! Plus the windows are not double glazed so you may find it annoying at night time!Finally, some of the reviews stated they had robes and slippers in their hotel room, we did not have this so don't bank on it! Also some reviews have complained about having two single beds pushed together to make a double. My advice would be to request a double bed when you check in and also request a room higher than the tenth floor to great great views and reduced traffic noise - with that said I would definately stay at the Gran Torre again and will be recommending it to friends!!!  
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Winewing
<Content>My Birthday meal I havnt stayed at this hotel but while staying in Barcelona my wife took me to the Torres for a meal on my birthday. The views are astounding and we were given a table with excellent views of the Magic Fountains which started performing at 21.00 hrs and the show was spectacular. The food was excellent and the staff were extremely helpfull and also very knowledgeable about the menus, wine and food. I am a qualifed Chef and my wife and I have eaten in some of the best restaurants in the world including what is listed as THE best restaurant in the world at the moment by renowned Chefs, The Fat Duck in Bray, UK and found the food and service in The Torres to be of an extremely high standard. This hotel is NOT situated in a run-down area of Barcelona as a previous reviewer has stated.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>U2fanatic
<Content>I was impressed!       Our room  
<Date>Aug 15, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DeanoFromLeeds
<Content>Fine for a short break, and take ear-plugs just in case! I stayed 8 days at the Torre Catalunya. It is a business-oriented hotel in a major city, on a busy main road, 200 yds from the main railway station, so the scenery and traffic noise are those of the city. NOTE: the area is NOT run-down or vanadalised, as suggested by another reviewer.My 'internet bargain' room was on the 3rd floor, so the traffic noise was bad, but I went prepared - wax ear-protectors did the trick. Wardrobe (closet) space OK for short stays - just 6 coat-hangers! King size bed firm but comfortable, foam rubber pillows not so good. Big wide-screen TV, 36 channels, with just Sky News and CNN for us Brits. Excellent air-con. Free mini-safe in room. Except for the irritable youth in charge of the small basement Spa, I found all the staff friendly. A few words of Spanish always help to 'break the ice'.Forget breakfast at 14 euros (+ tax) unless you want to pig out. The supermarket next door has a cafe and the friendly staff speak some English.I would recommend this hotel but only for short breaks. For luxury at little extra cost, try the Fira Palace when it has special offers.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Debs18
<Content>A great base for seeing Barcelona! My husband, myself and our teenage daughter stayed here for one night whist on a short taster visit to Barcelona. We were actually holidaying down the Spanish coast but took a train to Barcelona and booked this hotel overnight so that we could stay for 2 days of sightseeing.The hotel isn't located in the prettiest part of the city, I have to admit, but it is extremely convenient for anyone arriving at Barcelona-Sants station - the hotel is immediately across the road as you leave the station.The hotel entrance/foyer/bar area is pleasant and what I expect of a typical 4 star hotel.I had booked 2 rooms and asked for them to be close together (the hotel didn't seem to accommodate 3 people in one room so I booked a separate room for our daughter) which the hotel managed to arrange without any problems. The rooms were both on the 8th floor and, even though they looked out over a main road and towards the train station, none of us were disturbed by any noise from traffic (or anywhere else for that matter!).The rooms were well furnished, even though I was a little surprised to find twin beds in what I understood to be double rooms (usually with double beds?) - but this was not too much of a problem. The rooms had all the usual 4 star attributes - TV, mini bar, desk, air conditioning (which was very quiet compared to some systems we have had to endure!), etc. and were also equipped with the most spectacular bathrooms! Lots of frosted glass, beautiful tiles, a huge walk-in shower as well as an over-the-bath shower and even a telephone and a speaker in the bathroom so there was no excuse at all to miss out on anything!Breakfast was included in our 拢65 per room per night rate and, again, was pretty much standard 4 star fare with cereals, fruit, pastries and a decent range of hot food - bacon, sausages, eggs, beans, etc. However, even though breakfast was very good it was pretty much overshadowed by the fantastic views over Barcelona from the restaurant which is based on the 23rd floor!We enjoyed our brief sightseeing visit to Barcelona and found the hotel very easy to get back to using the metro underground service which stops at the train station directly across the road.We will be heading back to Barcelona soon for a more in-depth visit and will definitely book this hotel again.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>edengarden123
<Content>Nothing spectacular I too booked this hotel because of the favourable reviews it got.The hotel is easy to find but not in a great location the advantage is the main train station is right opposite it.Our room was nice but saw no sign of slippers, bathrobes as mentioned in previous reviews. One of the nights we went to the 'fabulous' restaurant upstairs - a disappointing experience. The views aren't worth the money and the meal was so disappointing and the portions were so small!There are not many decent restaurant or shops around the surrounding area.The hotel is clean and new but I would have preferred somewhere more central as it is very tiring always using the metro system to get to the sights!  
<Date>Aug 2, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awful area/noisy/bad food/dont believe the other reviews This was an awful experience I will never repeat. I actually checked tripfinder before I went and all the reviews were positive, shame noone told the truth about some factors which were definetely not unique to my stay only. I feel dutybound to stop you frOm making this mistake. Firstly the area of this hotel is disgusting. It is accesible from the airport BUT it is a rundown/dirty/vandalized part of town. The hotel is completely out of place to its surroundings. My heart sank.My room faced the disgusting EXPO hotel, so my view consisted of them sunbathing on the rooftop (also awful) of the EXPO.I asked to be moved and they moved me to floor 6.they donwgraded my room without telling me. I later realised that my new room had no teamaking facilities or slippers etc. My room was so noisy at night as it now faced the main busy at all times road. it was impossible to sleep. the windows must have been paper thin. i was so upset that i asked to be moved again. This time my room was next door to the noisy laundry room and above a room with a balcony, so i heard the drunken yobs below (word for word) conversation until 5a.m.In between all of this I tried the restaurant. The view is ok, but the food is not good at all. the people writing the other reviews have obviosuly not tasted good quality food as this wasnt even average. Let me also tell you that the room service was slow.The pizza's tasted like rubber. Dont use the lounge downstairs, they dont serve you for hours. Clearly customer service is not a strong priority.bREAKFAST IS not included in price. DONT PAY FOR THIS. It is far too expensive and the range is completely minimal. jsut cant believe it was a cold breakfast.The management did move me to different rooms on 3 occasions, thats one move per night since i began my stay.its a shame they didnt value my custom enough to consider moving me to a slightly less noisy room. thats all i asked for.I ended up losing money on ,my flight coz i returned home early, i booked out on 3rd night and went back to uk.This was the worst 4 star ever. Dont book it. It is a complete waste. I relied on trip finder reviews. None of them mentuioned the awful area and bad service and food. I have stayed in many hotels worldwide and this was the worst. I hardly ever complain and they brought out the worst in me. In short - unless you book a very high room (floor 23) you hear the yraffic noise. The higher rooms costs more. For the price and area they should include breakfast at least. Nosiy/bad service/bad area/bad staff.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2005
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous accommodations and service This is the only hotel for me in Barcelona. Me and my wife stayed here the night before our Mediterranean cruise. Because of earlier reviews I read suggested staying on floors 17 and above for the views, I requested just that and received a no cost no hassle upgrade to a suite on the 23rd floor with a view of the Olympic Park. The attendant explained that they wanted us to stay with them again in the future. With that kind of service, I鈥檒l stay nowhere else.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>traveller83
<Content>FANTASTIC FANTASTIC FANTASTIC!!! After travelling around for the past 12 months, and staying in some pretty dodgy places, I have become pretty fussy when it comes to booking hotels. This hotel lived up to every bit of my expectations...plus more!The location is fantastic, its so simple and quick to get to from the airport on the train. It took I think around 10 minutes, no changing, and when you leave the station (provided you walk out to right exit), the hotel can be seen right accross the road. The rooms themselves were absolutely massive. They were so modern and clean, (no ugly carpet to match the curtains) with a huge flat screen tv.The bathroom was more than good enough (and large), with all the added little extras like razor kits, toothbrush, shampoo ect. Even had bath robes and slippers just to make you feel that much more comfortable. Seperate shower/bath, little room inside the bathroom itself for the toilet. The breakfast is also well worth the effort, if not just for the view as the restaurant is on one of the top floors that overlooks the city. The food was constantly being brought out fresh, with pastries/cereals/cheeses/breads/hot foods/cold salmon and meats. (the fruit slices were just gorgeous!)The staff were more than friendly and helpful - and spoke perfect english to make it easier.The location, although a little out of the city area, still isnt too far away. If you have time, check out all the little backstreets surrounding the hotel and Sants station. Also, the hop on open top bus tour leaves from Sants station, right outside the hotel! So if your there for sightseeing, this will also return you back there...very handy!Id most deffinantly stay there again! Its going to be hard to find another hotel in this price range to match up to this on my further travels through europe!  
<Date>Jul 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nice place to stay My husband and I were there for business and pleasure. You will find the hotel very modern and very comfortable. The staff eager to please. Everyone speaks English. The room was very clean. They do not give you wash cloths. The restaurant was elegant with an incredible view of Barcelona. The food was quite good. Unfortunately, the location of the hotel, is away from most of the tourist sites. You can take a metro, ugg, or a cab or walk a great deal. There are hardly any restaurants in the area, just Tapas places with a lot of fried food, which did not interest us at all. The weather is very hot and you need to buy water to keep hydrated. The hotel is located about a half block away from the Sants train station which is a hub if you expect to travel or use the metro. My recommendation is to go on the tourist bus which stops outside the Sants train station and cost about 18 euros and get a good tour of the area. you can get off the bus at any time and switch for other tourist buses and get to see all of Barcelona. The bus is not air conditioned but you can sit on the top , which is open to the air and get a breeze unless you get stuck in traffic. The tourist bus has a guide that tell you about the places at each stop.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>sbonke
<Content>Good 4-star quality My husband and I booked the hotel through Alpharooms in mid-June, 2005. The hotel has a nice location right opposite Barcelona's main railway station (Sants), so the trip from the airport to the hotel is super easy (only takes 20 minutes by train). There is a hipermercat (huge supermarket) right by the hotel. The hotel looks a bit dated on the outside, but the indoor decor is new. The rooms are very clean. According to European standards, they are also quite spacious. We stayed on the 8th floor, so we had no problems with street noise, but I must say that the noise from the hallway during Friday night got quite intolerable. Drunken people knocking on doors and shouting to each other was not all that wonderful to listen to. However, we did not hear any noise from adjacent rooms.The marble bathroom is spacious, with a separate area for a toilet, a shower and a bathtub. There are two sinks which makes it easy for two people to share the bathroom.There are not all that many English TV channels to choose from (mostly just news channels), and no pay-tv -option. There is a CD player... nice to listen to while taking a relaxing bath after a day out.We enjoyed the hotel's top-floor restaurant with amazing panoramic views on two occasions - for an extended, delicious (!) buffet breakfast and a romantic dinner in the evening. The food was awesome and the views are really worth seeing after dark as well. The restaurant staff is very courteous and attentive.It takes only 10 minutes to the center of Barcelona by metro (from Sants), so the location is quite ideal. It is worth buying a travel card with unlimited metro, train and bus rides - convenient and inexpensive.All in all, I would recommend this hotel to anyone hoping for a pleasant stay at a convenient location in Barcelona. We'd definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic! This is a fantastic deal. The hotel is brand new, and the rooms are crisp and clean with marble floors and STUNNING state-of-the-art bathrooms. The restaurant on the roof has great, great food and priceless views of the city. The service is impeccable.When you stay here, you will be right next to the main train station (Estacio Sants) which will take you to the airport (15 minutes) or into central Barcelona (5 minutes). The trains are VERY easy to navigate and use. The hotels in Barcelona central that are the same price range as Torre Catalunya are mostly old, non-renovated, small hotels -- you will be paying for the convenience of being central, but nothing else. We have stayed in other hotels in Barcelona (central), so we have a real basis for comparison.Torre Catalunya is by far our favorite.The gym and spa at Torre Catalunya are good (treadmill, elliptical, bike, a few free weights, two universal machines), but the pool is relatively small. There is a nice steam room - the entire spa facilities are coated in marble and there are servants available to help you at all times. The spa and gym are very clean and modern too. The business center is fantastic - so you can easily check your email from the building (not expensive - I think it was 1 or 2 euros per hour, or something nominal like that).I will only stay at this hotel whenever I travel to Barcelona. It is really A+.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>petepool
<Content>whatever else coulld you want We were very lucky - but if you believe that then- we were upgraded to a suite at no extra charge 5 nights. I would stay there again tonight if I could!We were on the 19th floor and with a corner suite overklooking magic fountain to the S West and the sangrda familia to the south(excuse spelling please). PS if you like a beer the hypermarket next door sells the same brand as the minibar at 50cents a can not 3 eurosTop tip -ask for a high floor - dont settle for anything below 17 18?  
<Date>Jun 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome hotel!!! My husband and I stayed for 3 nights at this hotel and absolutely loved it. We had a corner room on the 21st floor and had a wonderful panoramic view of the city. The room was very modern, clean and very comfortable. The hotel was located right next to the Sants station, so getting onto the metro was super easy. We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great experience! We visited Barcelona in May 2005 and spend 4 nights in Torre Catalunya. Hotel was very clean and modern, service was excellent, staff friendly and views from 18th floor hotel room spectacular over the the city. Nice breakfast was served in the 23rd floor of the hotel and it gave a good start for the day. There are gym, sauna and a swimming pool as well as beauty saloon downstairs. It was very easy to get around the city with the subway (10 tickets 6,30 euros) and the station next to the hotel was clean and safe. All in all, perfect hotel for the weekend getaway!  
<Date>Jun 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ritter-Writer
<Content>What a restaurant! Whilst the hotel rooms are a matter of individual taste - very modern, a little impersonal, exterior noise despite double glazing and earplugs - the restaurant is definitely a matter of good taste - superb! This is a four star hotel with a five star restaurant. So don't drag yourselves to the old town to eat; stay and treat yourself to elegantly presented, gourmet food in the panoramic, top floor restaurant. Difficult to better anywhere in Barcelona.  
<Date>May 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel! My wife and I stayed at the Torre Catalunya for one night post cruise in May. We paid $145 including breakfast, and got the room at alpharooms. We had a room on the 14th floor with a great view of Montjuic. Breakfast was OK, not great, but is served on the 23rd floor with magnificent panoramic views. The rooms are large, with wonderful TVs and stereos in the room. There is a speaker in the bathroom so you can listen while showering or washing up. The bathrobes and slippers are great too. This used to be an office building and was recently converted into a hotel.The staff was friendly and accommodating.The hotel is right across the street from the Sants Station which is a 20 minute train ride from the airport. A taxi to the airport will run you about 25 Euros.  
<Date>May 23, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel The hotel room was amazing!!! marble floors large shower (room for two) I will be returning!  
<Date>May 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>AGarner-Scott
<Content>Excellent for a last minute deal. We stayed for 4 nights in April and really enjoyed our stay. There were a few minor niggles but they did not spoil our time there.Our room, on the 16th floor was large, clean and had everything we needed, although we did find that the airconditioning was pretty ineffectual. The other thing that we did find was missing was basic information about the hotel (check out times etc) and the area. There was also no mention of fire escapes anywhere.Breakfasts were good and varied, and the 23rd floor restaurant where it is served has fantastic views. However, it does get very busy and they often ran out of some items, and getting coffee could be a long process.The hotel is not in the nicest area, but it felt safe, and was very handy to get to from the airport, and with the Metro virtually on the doorstep it was very easy to get to anywhere else in the city.One last point, don't ask the hotel for a recommendation for somewhere to eat. We were sent to a place (Restaurant Orotava) that was expensive and very ordinary in its cooking. We had far better meals elsewhere in nicer restaurants for half the price.Even though we have highlighted the problems, we would certainly go back, and would be happy to recommend the hotel to others.  
<Date>May 2, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Value! Great Location! My boyfriend and I have just returned from 4 days in Barcelona, staying at the Torre Catalunya.The location of the hotel is great. Just catch the train at Barcelona airport and in 15 minutes you arrive at Sants station. The hotel is only 50 mtrs across from the station and only 2 miles from the famous Las Ramblas.You can also catch the metro from just across from the hotel to anywhere in the city. It's really easy to navigate and is really good value for money.The hotel itself is fabulous. Very modern and very clean. Our room was on the 8th floor and had everything you would expect in a 4-star hotel.We had a lovely meal in the hotel restaurant which is on the 23rd (top) floor and has magnificent panoramic views of the city. The only disappointment was the breakfast. Not great value for money. A better bet is to have a continental breakfast delivered to your room. mmmmlovely!We got a really good deal through Hotels and would definetly return to this hotel in the future :)  
<Date>Apr 28, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel We had a great time staying at the Torre Catalunya over Easter and would recommend it to anyone who wants a good 4* hotel in Barcelona. The breakfast room on the top floor was spectacular and there was a good selection of food. We arrived at midnight after another hilarious flight on easyJet and were put on the third floor. Nice room actually with a very artistic illuminated frosted glass panel in front of the shower. However the traffic noise was loud so we asked to be moved. No problem and they put us on the 9th floor. Big rooms for a hotel and, again, the bathroom was good - this time it was the toilet and bidet behind the frosted glass. Another highlight is the spa area. Nice steam room, two saunas, a stand-up jet thing that feels like you are in a car wash and a gym with good equipment that I don't think has ever been used. Pool small but hey. Nice robes, slippers, towels etc that you would normally expect in a 5*. The only slight downside was when we asked for a kettle to sterilise the baby stuff. Jordi on reception said that our room wasn't entitled to a kettle and would not give us one! The hotel is in a square that skaterboys use with Sants train and underground station right next to it. Train to airport is 17 minutes and costs 2 euros. Taxi on arrival was 25 euros and takes the same amount of time. There is a supermarket in the same complex. Everyone but everyone warned us about the Ramblas. I walked down it one day, gripping my wallet and camera strap for dear life, watching all the street entertainers. Suddenly a tap on the shoulder and I presumed I was going to get robbed. Actually it was a women who had been running after me as I had dropped the camera case. Perhaps not everyone on the Ramblas is a thief. We were going to go on the tourist bus around town but it was 17 euros each. So we just took the bus and tube and ten journeys cost 6 euros on a card.The Expo hotel is right behind the Catalunya and doesn't look as nice. There are not a lot of restaurants in that part of the city and the hotel restuarant looks expensive. Enjoy Barcelona and the Torre Catalunya is a safe bet if you want to make sure you get a 4* hotel for the money.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Hotel Stayed in this Hotel from 9th March to 12th March 2005. Hotel Food and Staff were excellent.Enjoyed Breakfast in the morning in the Restaurant on the 23rd Floor which gave you an excellent panaromic view over Barcelona.Would definitely recommend this Hotel.G Shephard J Shields EMcGuckin Armagh City N. Ireland  
<Date>Mar 15, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Brilliant My Husband  I stayed here for his 30th. We had never been to Barcelona before  we weren't too sure about what part of the city to stay in but we found this hotel brilliant!The rooms were lovely with all your needs catered for  the bathroom was heaven! Our only criticism was the food in the restaurant for dinner. Fine cuisine, looks very nice but not everyone's cup of tea. Very nice chinese restaurant just round the corner.Good location if you don't mind travelling, Metro is very easy to use  the open top bus tour is great for seeing everything.Loved Barcelona  hope to return very soon.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent!!! I stayed in this hotel in Jan 2005 and absoultly loved it! Some of the hotels in La Ramblas are quite expensive, and so if you want a top quality hotel, at a reasonable price then this is a great option. Although it is not within walking distance of the main sights, just hop on the underground opposite the hotel and in 5 mins on a direct line you are in Catalyuna square, or the Nou Camp, or the Gaudi area and a 2 day ticket for unlimited journeys on the underground is only 8.80 euros.The hotel is also brilliant to reach, when you arrive at the aiport, get on the train to Sants station, and when you come out of the station it is litrally 50yds to the hotel. The staff are very friendly, and keen to take your bags up to your room. We had a room on the 14th floor, and the views were amazing over the city, we had a view straight to the Nou Camp.We didn't have breakfast in the hotel, but the meal at night in the panoramic restuaurant was exceptional. The food was excellent, and the staff could not do more to assist you, they were top class. The rooms themselves were very spacious with a huge bathroom, and lots of free toiletories. If you did go out of the hotel at night then a taxi back from the centre is a about 5 euros, not bad! and we did use the underground on the sat night and it wasnt scary at all. I would definatly recomend this hotel to any one going to Barcelona, and can't wait to go back one day myself.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>delta123
<Content>Nearly there!! We've just returned from a 3 night break at the Gran Torre Catalunya which we booked via Expedia. The hotel was really easy to find, straight out of the station and across the road - you can't miss the giant Sony sign on the roof, visible from all over the city so you can always get your bearings. We arrived just after 12 noon and our room wasn't ready, we were asked to come back in about an hour. We were able to leave our bags and go for a wander in the local area. On returning we were given our key for a room on 7th floor, which although very nice, in hinesight I wish I'd asked for a higher floor because the view was obstructed by the hotel next door. Saying that, couldn't fault the room, very clean, lovely bathroom, large TV and CD player, well stocked mini-bar, room safe etc. The hotel is very conveniently located close to the station, metro and tourist bus stops. I'd definitely recommend the tourist bus as it lets you have a good look around the city and decide which attractions you really want to visit. There are also some good local restaurants in the street behind the hotel (where the Expo is), and a handy supermarket nearby. We found the staff in the hotel, along with all the people in Barcelona, very friendly and helpful. On our last night we enjoyed a meal in the Visual restaurant on 23rd floor of the hotel. The meal was fantastic, brilliant food, amazing setting looking out across the city and excellent staff - this was a perfect way to end our weekend. One of the main reasons we booked this hotel was because of the indoor pool and spa so it was a bit of a disappointment that the pool was not ready, however I don't think we'd have had time to use it even if it had have been open. All in all, this is a clean modern hotel with excellent facilities - just needs the finishing touches and it'll be near enough perfect. I would definitely stay here again!!  
<Date>Feb 22, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Gran Torre wins our vote hands down. So sorry to read some of the negative comments abour the Gran Torre Cataluyna Hotel.We stayed for three nights in Febuary 05(over valentines night)and found this hotel to be of excellent quality.The initial room allocated to us did have an odour of smoke but when we requested a move this was arranged promptly and the room we stayed for the first two nights had the most amazing view over the whole city.Breakfast was a veritable feast with prompt service and a selection of cooked food (eggs sausages bacon stuffed tomatoes)and cold meats and cheeses with beautiful bread and as much tea and coffee as you could drink with a breath taking view that we found hard to drag ourselves away from.Staff were courteous and helpful willing to help and spoke good english.We hired a car as we were going to Andorra for two nights also but the Sants station was opposite the hotel and we used the Metro several times to get around to good effect and cheap also.The hotel in Andorra did not compare well to the Torre Catalyuna,no kettle or tea/coffee making facilities,no complimentry slippers and bath robes no stunning views so we stayed our final night back at the Torre Catalyuna and whilst this was a bit more expensive due to not having booked this in advance it was well worth it and the room service that night was excellent and much cheaper than the restaraunt that night as it was Valentines night.We ate at the Visual restataunt on a previous night on the 23rd floor and the food was excellent with attentive waitress service that i have never experienced in the UK or Ireland.There were some negatives but not much,the pool advertised was not yet ready,but the sauna,steam,and gym were and were spotless as was the whole hotel.I do take the point outlined by some of the other reviews that some of the rooms in the lower part of the hotel do not have the same views and may be offered as room only rooms,and i think that people smoke in all the rooms and its pot luck as there does not seem to be a non smoking policy.(Spain and Portugal in my opinion have too many smokers and there seems to be a 'culture of smoking' everywhere even inside and outside service stations where there is high exposure to petrol and diesel)Barcelona is a vibrant city with a lot to offer in terms of sight seeing and the incredible works of Gaudi.People are not money grabbing and everything is affordable.You get the impression that the Spanish are proud of what they have in Barcelona and want you to experience it with them without fleecing you for money at the same time.All in all a fantastic visit to the city, I will be definately be going back as we didnt get to Tibidabo(tram and venicular was not going)and to see the monastry on the hill also which is open to the public.I will be requesting a room on the 18th 19th or higher floors of the Torre Catalyna with the superb views over looking the glittering traffic at night or watching the sun alight the terracotta buildings in the morning as it arises....ahhhhhhhh the memory of it all cant wait to go back.........check out the cheap deals from Monarch airlines we got flights for 拢4.00 (less taxes)single.What an incentive to go!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Get yourself out there.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>michellejane
<Content>Great Views This Hotel is lovely. Stayed from the 14th Jan 05 for 3 nights. Lovely big bathrooms  a good sized room. Huge TV but only a few english channels. The breakfast in the morning is great, eat and drink as much as you like, although I didn't try the cooked food. The view from up on the 23rd floor covered just about every inch fof Barcelona. Its right near the Sants Metro and only one stop anyway from the city centre. I recommend taking the bus tour which stops right outside the station. You will get to see everything from here. Had a very busy 3 days and did enjoy it. The only negative points about the Hotel is when we went, they were decorating and hadn't finished the Swimming pool, so we didnt get to use those facilities and if you plan to go into town late at night then I recommend staying in a hotel closer as the taxi men don't speak good English and I personally wouldn't use the Metro late at night. But for what we paid, for the 3 nights in the hotel, I think it was a bargain. Barcelona is a good place to visit but be reminded that in the winter, although its usually dry and sunny, it still is very cold.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Superb Hotel! My husband and I had been looking forward to our 3 day stay in Barcelona for weeks. We took the metro directly from the Airport to the Sants Estacion station - the hotel is directly in front of the station and we were highly impressed. When we entered our room on the 17th floor we were truly gobsmacked. The room was nothing sort of luxurious - tiled from ceiling to floor and the most amazing bathroom. We had separate cubicles for the shower and toilet and a bath that was bigger than any we had ever seen. The view from the room and the restaurant on the 23rd floor was breathtaking. Dinner was tasty - gourmet style (don't go there when ravenous) and worth the try. To say having a metro in front of your hotel will only draw unsavoury people is exaggerating. You will always get unsavoury people no matter where you go and the station only eases the task of finding transport to explore this wonderful city further. Would throughly recommend this hotel to anyone. (There are lots of quality local restaurants hidden in the streets behind the hotel).  
<Date>Jan 13, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Barcelona or do I mean Farcelona We had been looking forward to our three night stay in Barcelona for weeks - it was meant to be a 40th birthday treat. On arrival at Hotel Torre Catalunya we found a not so friendly hotel receptionist who told us to go to a room on the 7th floor. The room was a bit disappointing - not like the photographs posted on the website and the stench coming from the bathroom was atrocious - and over the 3 nights it just got worse. The hotel is situated in a seedy run down area of Barcelona where upon leaving the hotel you are met with numerous beggars and cagey looking people. You need to be on your guard every second as the place is rife with pick-pockets . A warning to people who may use the telephones outside the hotel - be very aware of people asking you to change money for them or posing as undercover policemen - they threaten to arrest you and then rob you before you realise what has happened!! The hotel is seven metro stops away from the city centre. Although Barcelona is renowned for its architecture we would not be in a hurry to revisit. This was the worst break we have ever been on.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved everything about this hotel My partner  I stayed here 6th-9th October. I was absolutely gobsmacked by the decor of the room bathroom. We got the train from the Airport, 4Euros 25. Our room was on the 21st floor with amazing views over Barcelona. We arrived the day before the grand opening  although everyone was busy, nothing was any bother. The restaurant was closed  there was a limited menu, but we got to eat there on our last night. The 360 degree view was awesome  the ambience was delightful. Recommended it to my friend who is going this week 9th December. She won't be disappointed!  
<Date>Dec 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Ups and Downs Visited this Hotel last weekend which I booked through the internet for a birthday treat for my wife, I asked for a room on a high floor with a nice view.On arrival the hotel said that they did not have a reservation for us but they did have rooms available after 3.00pm. Our room was on the 11th floor, had a large double bed, ok view, Sat.TV, mini-bar and a nice bathroom (or so we thought). In fact the stench from our bathroom drainage system became virtually unbearable and although we informed the hotel, whatever they did or didn't do did not make any difference. Also on the down side was the dirty windows, (that's why the view was only ok), the bar closes at 11.00pm even to residents, and there wasn't a hotel information book in the room - so no restaurant timings, mini bar prices etc. (apparently they are working on it). On the upside - we loved the location of the Hotel, the train from the airport goes into Sants Station opposite hotel (costs 2 euros 25 cents). Did not have to get a cab once as the metro is so convenient and cheap to use (1 euro 10 cents to go anywhere on the system). The hotel staff are friendly, the Visual Restaurant views are terrific, and the fantastic continental/ cooked buffet breakfast (14 euros) should not be missed. We would stay at this hotel again, providing we had a guarantee of a room on a higher floor as the previous reviewers didn't seem to encounter the problems we did. Oh yes and Barcelona is a stunning city.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>shelly-ann
<Content>absolutely gorgeous   showReview(2771185, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 21, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>roberph
<Content>Disappointed   showReview(2760010, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 20, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great City , Great Hotel   showReview(2701165, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pickytraveler08
<Content>Great Stay!   showReview(2695689, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>perfect ... with some drawbacks   showReview(2609374, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JBee
<Content>Enjoy the view!!   showReview(2576947, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 15, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>donajulianna
<Content>great!!!   showReview(2576722, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stunning Rooms !!!!   showReview(2525602, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sica_40
<Content>Perfect!   showReview(2513888, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lazen
<Content>Hotel Gran Torre Cataluyna   showReview(2502697, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel tr猫s sympa, avec des...   showReview(22769929, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>蹇仼銈广儐銈?#x201d;   showReview(21745456, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>锛絹锝掞綊锝忥綆
<Content>椐呫亱銈夎繎銇忋仸渚垮埄銇犮仯銇?#x201d;   showReview(20545006, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>jederzeit wieder buchen   showReview(20551383, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>lo consiglio vivamente   showReview(20551380, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Envie d'y retourner !   showReview(20551381, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>che bella barcellona!   showReview(20551384, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>das war super   showReview(19633785, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ottima qualit脿 e prezzo interessante   showReview(19633784, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bel hotel   showReview(19633783, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nous y retournons   showReview(19633782, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Che fantastico hotel   showReview(19633779, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ottimo   showReview(19633778, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bella struttura anche se non comodissima   showReview(19633777, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nous y retournons d猫s que possible   showReview(19633775, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ein super beeindruckendes Hotel mit guter Verkehrsanbindung   showReview(19633771, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>ameliotta
<Content>Che fantastico hotel !   showReview(19103119, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr茅s bel hotel   showReview(19633781, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Demain dans le m锚me h么tel sans probl猫me   showReview(19633766, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo Hotel....ma....   showReview(19633765, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr sch枚ner Aufenthalt, netter Empfang, guter Service   showReview(19633774, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>assez satisfaisant   showReview(19633770, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉涖儐銉€€銉堛儍銉€€銈偪銉兗銉?#x201d;   showReview(19914738, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tout bien pour l hotel mais.....   showReview(19633769, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ein komfortables Hotel mit guten Anbindungen   showReview(18527082, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>moderno e bello!   showReview(18527078, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>蹇仼銇偣銉嗐偆銇с仐銇?#x201d;   showReview(19172894, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Top-Lage   showReview(18527077, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Pietro55
<Content>Hotel molto confortevole e staff gentile e disponibile   showReview(18099308, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr gerne wieder......   showReview(18527084, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(18527083, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍙ｃ偝銉熼€氥倞銇倛銇勩儧銉嗐儷   showReview(19172715, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Le top !   showReview(18527079, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder.   showReview(18527081, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Komfortabel aber etwas laut   showReview(18527076, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ottimo   showReview(18527068, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Alles Super Gerne Wieder!   showReview(17427911, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sehr zufrieden   showReview(17427909, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jampi10
<Content>Excelente calidad precio servicio   showReview(17054636, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>zentral gelegen und empfehlenswert   showReview(17427907, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Top   showReview(17427902, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ottimo albergo   showReview(17427899, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel empfehlenswert   showReview(17427900, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>je compte y retourner   showReview(16589101, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr gut gelegen - sauber und komfortabel   showReview(16589100, 'full');   
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>baklaw
<Content>A recommander!   showReview(16432305, 'full');   
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un peu d茅莽u   showReview(16589099, 'full');   
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	5	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(16589098, 'full');   
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(16589088, 'full');   
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ein Hotel das man getrost empfehlen kann   showReview(16589087, 'full');   
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>nous y retournerons d猫s que possible   showReview(16589086, 'full');   
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tres tres bien   showReview(16589089, 'full');   
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>F眉r Kurzurlaub empfehlenswert   showReview(16589085, 'full');   
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇亱銇亱鑹亜銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(19170797, 'full');   
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>j'y retournerai sans aucun doute lors d'un passage 脿 barcelone   showReview(15561244, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Qualit茅 de service   showReview(15561243, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Grandioser Ausblick   showReview(15561242, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>super Hotel mit tollem Ausblick   showReview(15561240, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(15561236, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un peu d茅莽u   showReview(15561237, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bon rapport qualit茅 prix   showReview(15561239, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Molto molto gradevole. Un...   showReview(16728336, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tolles Preis/Leistungsverh盲ltnis   showReview(15561223, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>One of the best!   showReview(15561224, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>correct   showReview(15561219, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Toller Blick vom 23 Stock (Restaurant) preis-leistung sehr gut   showReview(15561222, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Barcelone dans un grand confort   showReview(15561238, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(15561218, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr sch枚nes Hotel! Sehr zuvorkommendes Personal!   showReview(15561221, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(15561220, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Klasse Hotel    showReview(15561217, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Barbara63
<Content>Hervorragendes Hotel mit toller Lage!       Badezimmer  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(14728231, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent   showReview(14728232, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon rapport qualit茅 prix   showReview(14728230, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Eine Reise wert!   showReview(14728229, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr gerne wieder   showReview(14728226, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>DECADIZ
<Content>Buen hotel   showReview(14240685, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>une vue magnifique sur tout barcelone !!!   showReview(14728228, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Edili
<Content>Perfecto   showReview(14228845, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nous lui redonnerons sa chance...   showReview(14728225, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Trop de lumi猫re nuit   showReview(14728227, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>spandiv
<Content>Confortable, mais ennuyeux       chambre  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	4	5	-1	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>GRADEVOLE!!   showReview(14728224, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇嬨仾銈娿兓銉?#x201d;   showReview(19169194, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un bel h么tel mais un petit manque de charme   showReview(13977657, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent H么tel mais a c么t茅 un peu chers   showReview(13977656, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Recommand茅 脿 100% !!   showReview(13977654, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr猫s bel h么tel en plein centre du quartiers des affaires   showReview(13977653, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>pippolicchio
<Content>Semplicemente perfetto !!!   showReview(13450975, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Guter Ausgangspunkt f眉r Besichtigungen   showReview(13977652, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Au脽er Spesen nichts gewesen   showReview(13977650, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>DjamelGex
<Content>Superbe H么tel (rien 脿 redire !!!)   showReview(12520349, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>non mi ha convinto   showReview(13191915, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	1	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tolle Aussicht   showReview(13191916, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>nous y retournons d猫s que possible   showReview(13191917, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鐝句唬鐨勩仾銇勩亜鎰熴仒銇儧銉嗐儷銇с仐銇熴€?#x201d;   showReview(19167646, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>adresse 脿 conserver   showReview(13191914, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr empfehlenswert!!   showReview(13191911, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bon hotel   showReview(13191912, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tres agreablement surpris   showReview(13191921, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>biermannfreund
<Content>Sehr sauber, gepflegt, gute Verkehrsanbindung und toller Service!       Zimmer 1  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gran Hotel Torre Catalunya   showReview(11303238, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon h么tel... sauf le bruit   showReview(11303237, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bonnes prestations   showReview(11303235, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>rv13011
<Content>bon hotel       fa莽ade de l'hotel  
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gerne wieder   showReview(11303236, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel tr猫s confortable id茅alement situ茅 dans Barcelone   showReview(11658180, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sofort wieder   showReview(11303234, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11658183, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Lage   showReview(11658185, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gutes Hotel   showReview(11658182, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Der Gast im Zentrum des Interesses   showReview(11658184, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gerne wieder   showReview(11658181, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>molto valido   showReview(11658178, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ucubi
<Content>Excelente relaci贸n calidad-precio   showReview(10035482, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	3	5	3	

<Author>Carlos4578
<Content>Excelente hotel urbano   showReview(10015568, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon h么tel   showReview(11658179, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Ausblick   showReview(11658177, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gute Verkehrsanbindung, gerne wieder   showReview(11658176, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 21, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gerne wieder in eines der sch脽枚nsten hotels barcelona mit einem traum blick   showReview(11441374, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lorena33
<Content>No me parece un 4 est sup   showReview(8472088, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	2	3	4	4	2	

<Author>00815
<Content>Der beste Fr眉hst眉cksraum   showReview(8457273, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	4	2	3	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Service! Sehr freundliche und zuvorkommende Menschen!   showReview(11441366, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bien Situ茅   showReview(11441348, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Alles in allem - ok   showReview(11441349, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Splendide hotel   showReview(11441368, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lulutoulon
<Content>merveilleux hotel   showReview(8354111, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Hotel   showReview(11441347, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Alles in einem ganz okey!   showReview(11441344, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bion   showReview(11441363, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bien mais...   showReview(11441350, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Gapou
<Content>Grand luxe   showReview(8050684, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel excentr茅 mais confortable   showReview(11491780, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Panoramablick   showReview(11491779, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Barcelona einmal ist nicht genug   showReview(11422241, 'full');   
<Date>May 26, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>TRES BIEN   showReview(11422240, 'full');   
<Date>May 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hilfsbereit und freundlich   showReview(11422228, 'full');   
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gerne wieder   showReview(11422227, 'full');   
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Empfehlenswertes Stadthotel   showReview(11422226, 'full');   
<Date>May 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr empfehlenswertes Hotel   showReview(11422225, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un hotel tr猫s confortable et bien situ茅   showReview(11422224, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇俱仧娉娿伨銈娿仧銇?#x201d;   showReview(19161057, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottima struttura, posizione comoda per i mezzi ma non centrale   showReview(11422223, 'full');   
<Date>May 3, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr zu empfehlen, gut erreichbar   showReview(11422222, 'full');   
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gerne wieder   showReview(11422221, 'full');   
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11404962, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 29, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Naja   showReview(11404957, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr empfehlenswertes Hotel   showReview(11404956, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>MrksRck
<Content>Insgesamt gutes Hotel   showReview(7417401, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Mit Einschr盲nkungen   showReview(11404955, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 21, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Grande vista   showReview(11404954, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un tr猫s bon rapport qualit茅 prix   showReview(11398724, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>eccellente il servizio ed il confort   showReview(11398723, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon rapport qualit茅 prix   showReview(11389825, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 31, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>week end 脿 Barcelone   showReview(11374052, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 22, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr猫s bonnes prestations   showReview(11374051, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>D茅jeuner avec une vue panoramique sur la ville   showReview(11368121, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 20, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11368120, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sehr gutes Hotel, zentrale Lage   showReview(11347846, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Top Aussicht   showReview(11347845, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr gutes Hotel in zentraler Lage   showReview(11347844, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon endroit, tres confortable et bien situ茅   showReview(11347842, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 6, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tres bon, belle vue   showReview(11347841, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un bel h么tel.   showReview(11333788, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon h么tel...   showReview(11347840, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>4 茅toiles en face de la gare barcelona sants   showReview(11347839, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>J'y retournerai d猫s que possible !   showReview(11333778, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>il migliore   showReview(11333777, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 2, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Pas d茅莽us du tout...   showReview(11332396, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 22, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇婅枽銈併伄銉涖儐銉仹銇欍€?#x201d;   showReview(19158131, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 10, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Moderne acceuillant et proche du centre   showReview(11329834, 'full');   
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉愩儷銈汇儹銉娿仹绉诲嫊鏅傘伄...   showReview(21800773, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 10, 2006
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

