<Author>ignatiousno
<Content>reservation = rip off + attitude My girlfriend and I decided to go to New Orleans for New Year's. We thought the location was decent (by the way, stay closer to the Quarter), and the price was very reasonable. FIRST PROBLEM: Booking goes through a third party company which became very, very evident when I went to check-in and there was no room for us. Apparently they had us arriving the night before, so our reservation was canceled and there was no room available for us, It gets worse. The front desk women informed me of this and they very unsympathetically blamed it on ME and said it wasn't their problem and I could take it up with their booking agency. They didn't flinch when they told me that we had nowhere to stay and didn't even try to help us find somewhere else to stay [it's NEW YEARS EVE in New Orleans at 5pm, not to mention the Sugar Bowl was in town]. They took ZERO responsibility. SECOND PROBLEM: They said they would be charging me for the night we didn't even book. THEY ENDED UP CHARGING MY CREDIT CARD $695, whereas that one night they said they were going to charge me would have been $85. This hotel will rip you off without even thinking about it.Bottom Line is.....I'm not looking for super luxury, I just want a place to stay on New years since I booked it, but when a business screws up, I'd expect them to take responsibility and AT LEAST not be dismissive. P.S. 2 Valet guys said this had happened to other people that day.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	1	

<Author>nunezjorge88
<Content>Loved the Ambassador, but.. Unfriendly Staff       Clean Bathroom  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	2	1	

<Author>SaintsfanArkansas
<Content>Don't Let the Bad Reviews Fool You We booked three rooms last March for a Family getaway. We normally stay at the St Pierre when its just the wife and I. But with three rooms we were looking for an inexpensive spot close to the Quarter. I was scared after reading the reviews, but our stay was Great. This was a great value.... Nice rooms, Nice employees, clean and safe, and close to the Quarter, Riverwalk, Aquarium and such. Even with the $26 Parking and $6 phone/internet charge, this was a great deal. If your looking for that 5 star luxury hotel, there are several in New Orleans and you'll pay for it $$$$$$. If you're looking for a Nice, Clean, Convienant, inexpensive Hotel I reccomend this one.....  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>cp48chef
<Content>False advertising When the room at The Ambassdor hotel in new Orleans La. was book, Hotels.com advertised free valet parking. When we checked out the ambassador hotel charged us $26 a night for parking!!!!!! When we showed them the onlline print out stating that it was free parking, the so called manager rudely said you will have to take that up with hotels.com, the parking here is $26 a night, but you aren't the first person to tell us that. 6 different employees told us that a lot of people complained of that very thing and the hotel would do nothing about it!!! So this hotel knowingly allows hotels.com to advertise free parking and then turns right around and charges people $26 a night. The staff was tired, overworked and undermaned, the assistant manager was very rude, the rooms were old and the entire experience was bad. DO NOT STAY AT THIS RIP OFF HOTEL!!!  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lilemoevie
<Content>Customer Service Failure at it's best! What a nightmare! The hotel itself looks very nice from the outside. The rooms really weren't even that bad...the exposed brick IS a nice touch as well as the wood floors HOWEVER...the people that work here have turned me off from returning here EVER again. Multiple incidents occured during my three night stay which upset me GREATLY!!!I arrived into New Orleans late/early in the morning due to many delays (snow storms out east) and of course, I can't win because their shuttle just left and they won't send another one out, not to mention my luggage is lost. When I arrived at the hotel I let the desk know that my luggage would be arriving after me sometime the following day. I asked them to add my name to the room (since it was booked in my friends name who was travelling with me) to avoid confusion. Since the hotel did NOT add my name I waited TWO DAYS for my luggage since it was delivered TWICE and the hotel turned it away. I honestly called the airlines and hotel repeatedly to get my bags but the hotel would NOT handle it. this was the LEAST of my worries.I was there for New Orleans Marathon so after the race I get back to the hotel to shower and rest up and while I'm in the middle of this housekeeping burst into the room laughing and hollering, without knocking at all! I was shocked and asked them to leave and they barely even gave me the time of day and walked out. I didn't even think to complain about it since it seemed to be an honest mistake but still...you have to KNOCK...the situation could have been much worse!So...the topper, when I went to pack up my belongings and my souvenirs and new clothing purchases (since my luggage was riding around New Orleans for days) I realized that my Gap bag of clothes and souvenirs was missing! One of the housekeepers actually took my bag of belongings and threw it away! They thought it was garbage they said. When I went down to the desk to talk to the manager she said they were all going through the garbage now and that I should be grateful. They did find my bag but how they could throw out my bags and demand gratefulness is beyond me! At this point I mentioned the housekeeping incident and the manager admits that she was the one who did it! I do NOT reccommend going to this hotel. Eating in the adjacent restaurant is reccommended but his hotel makes my skin crawl!  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	3	1	2	1	1	

<Author>chelle0227
<Content>Not so charming It was nice that the hotel had an old charm feeling but underneath it all it was run down and dirty. The girls staying next to me found cochroaches in their bathroom. Our room did look into a small bricked in hallway that was a bit strange. I had to have my door card reactivated every time I came into the hotel for 5 days straight which became very annoying.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	3	2	1	

<Author>sambeauxjangles
<Content>Charming and nice... for the price Disclaimer: We only stayed one night, so I can't speak to all of the amenities. First off, the valet was prompt and took our car as soon as we pulled up. The desk clerk when we checked in was friendly, but seemed preoccupied with something else. However, the attitude is typical of every hotel we've stayed at from the Monteleone to the Royal Sonesta, and others. I hate to say it, but southern hospitality seems to have vanished from the local hotel business.Our room was nice, looked just like the photos, and pretty clean. The wireless internet worked great (you have to pay the $6.95 whether you use it or not).Remember, this is an old warehouse and some of the rustic characteristics gives it its charm. If you want fancy, stay at the Royal Sonesta or Hotel Monteleone.We paid only $57 plus taxes  the mandatory $6.95 phone/internet charge, and it came with free valet parking. I would stay again for a similar price, but wouldn't pay much more than that.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	4	3	3	3	4	

<Author>tazmaniac930
<Content>Great Vintage Hotel!! If you love and want to feel the ambiance of an Old Classic Hotel, The Ambassador has it, and it's in a great location!!!It was just across the street from the Harrah's Casino, steps away from the Original Mother's restaurant. And it's walking distance to the Hard Rock Cafe, the French Quarter, Canal St, and Cafe DuMonde. The architecture of the room when we walked in was just amazing!! The lobby was nice, and the people were very friendly.The price couldn't be beaten, either. I would stay here again!  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>destiny36
<Content>"Nightmare on Tchoupitoulas Street" My family and I contacted the property after seeing the ad on Orbitz, the lady who booked the property agreed to match Orbitz.com advertisement. We book a room with two double beds to accomodate 4 people. When we arrived to the hotel, we waited on the bellman, but to our surprise, my parents who are seniors and myself had to tug our heavy luggage upstairs. There was no escort to help, staff was not even friendly. We were also notified that it was $26/day to valet park. We were tired from our long trip and went to our room in hopes of bathing and getting to sleep. We got up to the floor and it was a huge maze in the hallway. I almost slipped on the hardwood floor, it was slippery for some reason right at the doorway. The room that we got had no windows. There were not enough towels in the bathroom. The sink in the bathroom was obviously old and appeared to be coming off the wall. The toliet was leaking from the lid and there was water on the floor from the leaky toliet bowl. The toliet ran all night. Staff were informed of the situation about the room and had a non chalant attitude. The shower curtain had mildew, as if they have not changed the curtains in awhile. ****Note, there is a Walmart less than five minutes from the hotel where they can buy shower curtains.**** During the night, the air condition went out. The next morning, we woke up to begin our journey. As advertised, there was no continental breakfast, but there was coffee. We waited about twenty minutes for the one valet on duty for the morning. The valet told us to retain our ticket to get our car when we come back. We left the hotel for the day, and came back that night. To our amazement, we were told that the parking lot was full, so we could not valet park. We were told that it is not the hotel's responsibilty to hold a spot for the car. We attempted to explain that we paid for valet parking for the two nights we would be there. The desk clerk stated that the hotel will reimburse our money, but the lot had benn full since 5:00pm that evening and we returned after 8:30 pm that night. We immediately went accross the street to park in the lot that was $25 for a 24 hour period. We asked for a manager, but was told there was no manager on duty. The only people available was the man who valet park the cars, and a lady who sat behind her desk not attentive to the guest's needs. When we got back to our room, the air condition was fixed, but water was now leaking from the vents. The only good thing that came of the hotel stay was that it was in a good location. I am a native of the city and was attempting to bring revenue back home, because I live out of the city. I travel to New Orleans frequently, but not recommend anyone who is coming to the city to this hotel. Service is poor: there is noone to greet guest. There is no manager on duty, at least that is what guest is told. Housekeeping is awful! If one is in a crunch and just have to be at this hotel, park at the lot across the street after parking for the night. At least you don't have to wait 20 minutes to get your car. You can walk straight to your car. This was an unbelieveable experience. I am glad I know the city, because this would be a more horrible experience for a first time tourist.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	4	2	1	1	3	

<Author>memboy
<Content>Worst Hotel Service Ever I have never been treated so badly by any staff at any hotel. I booked the trip through Orbitz which offered a great rate with complimentary valet parking.While waiting in line at the front desk on Saturday afternoon, 8/2/08, I noticed that the clerk seemed to have a lazy attitude. When it was my turn to check in she tried to charge me for the parking. I pointed out that it was complimentary through Orbitz. She got surly with me and told me that her records did not indicate that. I advised her to call Orbitz. She refused and told me that was my responsibility. I asked to speak to the manager. She refused. I had to get really loud before she would even begin to help me. She finally accepted the documentation I had and waived the parking fees. She was extremely rude and had no business working in a customer service capacity. Then when I checked out, there was a different desk clerk who was apparently serving as both desk clerk and valet! I was left standing at the counter for 20 minutes while he got my car! By that time there was a long line of people waiting. As for the room itself, it doesn't matter. When service is this bad, you really should look elsewhere.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	2	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>shesays
<Content>Awful Rooms The rooms at the ambassador were awful - our room has a single window that looked out to the hallway (No natural light). Also the room had a stale kind of smell, and the bathroom was ancient. Walked passed some rooms with windows that received natural light which bore reality to the Ambassador's website. The woman who booked tours was helpful, but the rest of the staff were not overly polite or helpful. Always a long wait for the bellhop/valet. Watch out for the $6.95 per night communications charge. On the plus side, the hotel felt safe and was quiet, and within walking distance of the French Quarter. I would not stay again or recommend anyone stay here - you could get the same deal online from Sheraton, Marriot etc.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	3	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>ATXCruiser
<Content>A totally utilitarian hotel During the Summer months (Low Season) many hotels in New Orleans give discounts. On a tourism webpage I found this hotel as advertising $99 for 2 nights plus free valet. It worked out perfect for me and my girlfriend as we were going to just walk around and party a bit. The catch is that you have to call the 800 number on the tourism website and let them book. Don't forget to verify the free parking, ask them to put a note on the reservation about it. I waited a couple days and called the hotel directly for reservation verification. All was fine and they verified free parking. We arrived and staff was pleasant, bill was around $115 because of tax but parking was free. The room is totally utilitarian, four walls, no view, hot water, and cold AC. It was very noisy because hard wood floors and 15ft ceilings do carry the slightest sound. Bed was kinda gross but we brought our own sheets and when it comes down to it we really didn't care after a night out on Bourbon Street. I recommend this place for college kids and low maintenance people. The price was right and we slept soundly.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	2	3	3	3	

<Author>theladym
<Content>Do NOT give this hotel your business I stayed at the Ambassador Hotel this past weekend. I have never, ever experienced such poor customer service. Let's just start at the beginning... upon arriving to the hotel, I was informed that they did not have a reservation in my name. I booked my room directly through the hotel's website, so this did not make much sense to me. The manager then advised me that I needed to show proof of my reservation. I pulled up my email account from my BlackBerry and allowed the manager to read the message. It then took another 15 minutes for the staff to verify my information. During this time, I witnessed the hotel manager snatch keys from another patron's hands and tell the patron to get out of my face. After finally getting to my room, there were several other issues. The room smelled like a sewer, the air conditioning did not work, the room had three windows that all looked out into the hallway, the toilet would not stop running, and the bathroom lights did not work. When I returned to the front desk to ask for another room, the desk person was rude about moving me. When I got to my second room, the key card did not work. The same rude manager told me that it must be me and sent me back upstairs to try again. Of course the key card still did not work. So I had to go back downstairs again to have it reprogrammed. The hotel's website also quotes valet parking at $26/day. When you check in to the hotel, valet is quoted at $40/day. The hotel staff refused to honor the advertised price on the site. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone for any reason. The staff is rude and housekeeping is sloppy.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	1	1	1	

<Author>poolblue
<Content>Unfortunate Disappointment My husband and I decided to save some money and experience staying at an independent hotel, rather than a large chain. We thought the hotel pictures and many hotel reviews would lead to a pleasant and affordable stay. We figured since we are city explorers, we wouldnt be spending much time there anyways. I called the hotel directly and reserved a room for three nights after seeing the Summer Sizzler promotion the hotel was offering. We requested a room with a view of the front street and 1 king size bed, which was noted when making the reservation. Upon our arrival at 10:30pm, the hotel stated that our reservation had been cancelled. We were dumbfounded at how this could be possible. The staff did nothing to accommodate our stay until we insisted that they find us a room. The manager was not available to speak to. We finally got a room that was a maze to get to. The uneven floors did not bother us, neither did the maze...it was quite comedic and gave us some lighthearted fun. The room was ok, although a bit dusty on the floors, a dinky window in the corner of the room without a view and ability to be a natural light source...in addition to not one, but TWO kingsize beds. Throughout our stay, we had to call to have the safe replaced/fixed and ended up with a dirty iron, which left black tar on my husband's dress shirt for the suit he brought to wear to the wedding we were in town for. The tar melted on the sleeve of he shirt, and he was unable to wear it. The housekeeping service did not give us clean coffee cups or refresh our coffee supply. It was headache after headache, and we do not plan on staying at this hotel if we return to New Orleans. We did mention the shirt/iron incident to the manager when we were leaving the hotel and after breifly making excuses that they were not responsible, he agreed to have it laundered and sent back home to us. Just today (a month and a half after our stay) we have not received the shirt of a phone call from the manager. I called him today and reminded him of the incident, so he is now crediting our credit card for the expense of the shirt. If you want some piece of mind and enjoy your stay, I suggest looking elsewhere and finding a hotel/flight bundle on expedia or similar site...we learned the hard way! (p.s. Do NOT go to Mother's for food either. The hotel suggested it, and it was absolutely horrible. go to the art district, a wonderful spot called Cafe Beignet...it's definately worth the walk!)  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>ChicagoTraveler2008
<Content>Cool warehouse conversion hotel! Recently I stayed at the Ambassador in New Orleans. I have been to New Orleans several times after Katrina. This hotel is very unique. The staff were GREAT! I was greeted every time. The front desk and valet were very nice. I mention this because I stayed at another hotel owned by the same company and the customer service wasn't all that great. The huge room was very unique with high ceilings, exposed brick walls and 2 HUGE beds. Only downside is that our 1st floor room had a tiny window, which means there was NO DAY LIGHT. This warehouse conversoin has lots of rooms with HUGE windows. I stayed in the room and overslept several times. Request another room if they try to stick you in the dark room.The room had wood floors and wood furniture. It needs some updating but it wasn't horrific. The room was very clean. The bathroom appeared to be several years old with some mold and an old shower curtain. I mention this because with all the products on the market today, there shouldn't be mold. I personally think it was only my room that seemed dated. I'm sure there are much nicer rooms in this hotel. I will try another stay here because of its uniqueness and GREAT staff.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>DallasNO
<Content>ROACHES My wife and I chose this hotel based on the website pictures, and the close proximity to the action. When we arrived, we were given a first floor room with a brick wall just inches from the window. The ground outside the window (ground within the hotel complex) was covered with garbage from previous guests.When I complained, I was moved to another first floor room. This room was smaller, and it also had a brick wall outside the window. I had decided to surrender to the fact that the wall was going to be there no matter what room was offered.Then came our unexpected guest. Kenny the Cockroach! He was about three inches long. I killed him. Then I complained that there are roaches in my room. The housekeeping director said that it is an old building, so I have to expect some cockroaches. I asked for another room, and was shown a room with a rolling air conditioning unit, with its intake tube hanging out of the window. I decided to hope that Kenny was the only uninvited guest in my room.My wife tried to talk to the manager, he said that nothing could be done to adjust our rate or to find a cleaner room. He told her to take it or leave it. While she was in the lobby having this conversation, I killed Kenny's brother, Archie.By then, my wife returned to the room, shocked at the poor customer service, to find that I had already repacked our bags. We moved to a hotel right across Poydras St. and had a wonderful weekend in a clean hotel room.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	1	

<Author>Bogwart
<Content>Don't believe their false promises My husband and I decided to go to New Orleans to celebrate our anniversary. The pictures on the hotel website showed a beautiful romantic room with exposed brick and a 4-poster bed. We were thrilled and decided this would be the perfect place to stay. Instead of booking online, we called to book so that we could request one of these rooms specifically. We were told that it would not be a problem, and that everything would be done to make our stay memorable. When we showed up, we found that we were actually booked to a handicap room--which had a pitiful wand sprayer for a shower--which broke on the second day, and no tub. When we told them that there must have been a mistake, they claimed that there was nothing that could be done and they were very rude. The room did not have any of the amenities that we had requested, there was no remote to the tv, and it was impossible to shower without getting the entire bathroom floor soaking wet. The staff remained rude throughout the entire stay. When we asked if there was anyone that we could speak to regarding our concerns, they just pointed to the comment cards at the end of the desk and told us to fill it out. I recommend that visitors to New Orleans should avoid this hotel, it almost ruined our stay. Go to the Royal St. Charles, one of their sister hotels. The rooms are still a little small, but the staff is excellent and they are much more accomadating.  
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	3	2	3	1	1	

<Author>fgbhfg
<Content>Not for the family When arriving in the beautiful Ambassador Hotel we expected greatness. Then we entered our rooms. On this trip, there is a large group of people. Families consist of 3 or more people. In the rooms that we reserved 6 MONTHS EARLIER there was one full sized bed and no room for even a small cot. The management when bothered didn't do much to help this situation and did not do anything to put these families to rest. It was a horrible experience and I'm sure to never come here again. I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PLACE IF YOU HAVE A FAMILY/CHILDREN YOU ARE TRAVELLING WITH.  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>LouisianaSummer
<Content>Worst hotel ever This is the worst hotel i've ever stayed in my life, this includes hotels I've stayed in third world countries. The rooms are dirty and there are many places in the hard wood floors where termites are eating away. Hard wood floors may sound nice in a hotel but these are digusting with holes everywhere. The walls are paper thin so you can hear EVERYTHING going on in the rooms above and next door. My husband and I agree life is too short to waste a night in this hotel.  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	3	-1	-1	

<Author>NOLA126
<Content>So Pleasantly Surprised I had to book 3 rooms for a group coming in to town and it happened to also be Jazzfest weekend. Everything in town was booked or rediculously priced. Although the Ambassador was still high priced (just for this peak weekend) if was a good location and deal for what we needed. After booking I started to read the reviews of the hotel and got very worried about our stay. I couldn't cancel our reservations and later found out that when you booked through a third party (hotels.com, expedia, etc) your bed preference was noted, but not guaranteed. People complained about rude staff, dirty rooms, uncomfortable beds, etc. I spoke directly with someone at the hotel who said they were under new management and made a note of my concerns and my need for two beds in each room. It was absolutley smooth sailing from then on out. The staff knew my needs exactly when I checked in, and were beyond helpful in getting rooms for our group that were close together. The roms were beautiful and very clean. We didn't have a window with a view, but no hotel guarantees that. I think that most of the people who post bad comments about this hotel did not do enough research on it prior to booking. We knew going in that there was no room service, there was a $7 mandatory fee that covered phone calls and internet usage, and that not all rooms had outside views. Who spends a lot of time in their hotel in New Orleans anyway? Our rooms were very clean, the beds were very comfortable, if I wanted to spend all day there, it would have been perfect, too. The bar downstairs is great, and has doors that open up right to the street. I think that if you do your research and look for the amenities you want, you can always find the right hotel. The Ambassador is definitely taking their review seriously and has worked to fix many of the previous problems posted in people's reviews. I also heard from those reviews that the walls were paper thin but never experienced a problem with that either. I think as long as you communicate your needs to the hotel staff they are more than happy to meet them. They were very kind and available. My only needs improvement would be the Valet. Sometimes you couldn't find a valet for over 15 minutes, but the front desk attendant was more than happy to get our keys for us, as we could see where our car was parked. Also, a bellman or two might be a nice addition to the hotel services. Overall it was a great stay, we walked everywhere we needed to go, and only two blocks from Harrahs! I would stay here again, especially because when it isn't a holiday weekend, the hotel price is a great deal.  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>yojaaax
<Content>screwed While we didn't get to stay at the ambassador, I do think anyone planning to should hear my story. My wife booked a room on Mar. 2nd for 4 nights, May 1st thru 4th. This was our 20th anniversary, and we were going to celebrate it at Jazzfest. We got a rate of $169 per night, bought airfare, jazzfest tickets, and made restaurant reservations. On Monday, April 28th, I came home from work about 6:30 pm and found my wife hysterically crying on the sofa. Listen to the message on the phone, she sobbed. It was a personality-less male voice saying our reservations had been cancelled because our credit card was denied, and if there was a problem, call them. My wife had tried, but was told the same thing. It turns out we had been the victim of identity theft and our credit limit on that particular card had been reduced, unbeknownst to us, via a credit report from Experian. Needless to say, once the facts were known, our original credit line was reinstated - the very next day. The ambassador refused to let us use another card, and said they had no more rooms, anyway. They didn't even aknowledge that this was not our fault and could have been solved easily. They just GAVE our room away, for $369 now, by the way, without the slightest bit of sensitivity or concern. We wound up getting one of the last hotel rooms in New Orleans, for alot more money, and still hope to have a good vacation. Despite repeated attempts to contact management, no one has returned my phone calls. I did get emotional in my initial phone call to the hotel, and I have to believe that's one reason. I yelled, so now it's my fault, I guess their thinking goes. This did not have to turn out this way. A simple  call us back, there's a problem with your card could have remedied it. Identity theft is commonplace these days, and that should have been a factor to be considered..  Did I mention they got $369 for our $169 room? Hmmmmmm.................. makes you wonder.  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bzdchris
<Content>Better than I expected! After seeing the reviews of this hotel here and at hotels.com, I had a lot of misgivings. But we went ahead and stayed there for French Quarter Festival and it all worked out great. The room was charming, with two comfortable queen beds, plenty of pillows, a desk and an armoire for the TV and our clothes. It was relatively clean, and the staff was good about making our beds and supplying us with towels. The only glitch was coordinating four key cards, but the staff was good about that too (although they should really check IDs before resetting key cards). We found out on our last day that we could have requested a refrigerator in the room, so there are amenities that are not apparent and the staff is not necessarily forthcoming. There were no unexpected charges (we did not bring or rent a car), and had no problem getting to the festival stages or the French Quarter either by cab or foot. All in all, it was convenient and nice. All four of us in our party would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>adate2
<Content>not so great we were there for 5 nights in april 2008. when we booked the hotel the website said it had free parking. when we got there thay said there wasnt any free paking. so we had to pay a 100 dollars for 5 nights. they have a resort fee of 7 dollars a night which is ridiculous. also in the room there is nothing but 2 beds and a TV. the satff was not friendsly at all. valet parking was pathetic. one time the valet parking made us walk to the parking lot to get the car.!! take that!! dont stay here.. please!  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>aymhigh
<Content>Not The Ritz, but nice We enjoyed our stay. The rooms were very cute. Our room was huge. my friends rooms were average hotel size, but with no windows. It served its purpose as a comfortable, reasonablly priced place to stay. The staff was nice, although not the fastest when you ask for extra towels or something. Like I said its not the ritz, so if your used to 5 star hotel, this is not the hotel for you. If you are easy to please and not to picky, then this hotel would be great. I read a comment about parking, We parked across the street and paid $12 a day per car(not person), you can come and go as you please. the downfall is the time is up at 6 am, so we had to pay a full for a day the day of check out.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>winddancer43
<Content>Evasive on billing procedures! The hotel is okay, in and of itself. The location was ideal for the convention that I was attending as well as being within walking distance of the French Quarters. The staff was civil but not exceedingly courteous. They were not forthcoming about policies upon checkout with me, which caused me some irritation upon checking my checking account balance. When I checked in I told the front desk that I would be checking out a day early, and asked if there was a penalty or anything and the lady said no. When I checked out, they billed my debit card for the length of my actual stay. A few days later they billed my checking account for an additional day of charges. When I contacted the front desk about it, she said that it must be an early checkout penalty. I told her I was not informed of it and she stated that it is one the registration that you sign. Not being a seasoned travelor, I did not see any penalty clause. I don't know if what they did is legal or not, but I don't think they need to worry about my business again.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	2	1	2	

<Author>zintastikcowbell
<Content>Hello? Customer Service?? Like the city of New Orleans, itself, on the surface, the hotel seems great, but if you look a bit closer, you'll discover it's a rip-off.The architecture is very charming, and the price seems right... until they tell you that you'll be paying PER PERSON for parking (not per car), plus $7 just in case you will use the phone (how many local people do they expect you to call?) and/or wireless internet. The Parking Lot is a few blocks away (someone will escort you there), and is enclosed by a chain-link fence. They only serve coffee, seemingly, on Saturdays (maybe Sundays), and I guess they had pastries, because I saw butter and jam, but they didn't replenish those when they replenished the coffee.The bedspreads are stained (we called one the placenta bag, cuz it looked like it had blood stains on the underside), and have holes in them, as do some of the mattress covers. The bathtub is very slippery to step into, and was oddly curved (not flat) on the bottom, so that standing seemed awkward. Also, after a few days, the AC proved finicky/unpredictable, and the windows were totally sealed shut.The staff (especailly the desk clerks) are, indeed, notoriously rude. When we asked for extra blankets (the AC air was hitting two friends in the face), apparently they only keep one or two extras on hand. My friend called the desk with a different question, and they were snippy. Then on the final day, when checking out, the desk clerk got very confrontational with my friend, when there was a discrepency in some of the charges. At one point, the desk clerk said something like if you keep talking to me like that, I WILL charge you an extra day for parking. The bell hop tried to smooth things over, but it made for a terrible last day of our trip, when we were already tired and cranky, to begin with.Now six of us were staying in a room designed for four (we brought an air mattress), and were there for five days, for a conference. Perhaps if a party of two wanted to take a cheap trip to NOLA for a brief weekend, things wouldn't be so bad. The location is pretty good, though be prepared for a lot of walking on uneven streets throughout the city.Overall, though, I would rather shell out a few extra bucks for a nicer experience.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chelsey587
<Content>Loved expedia, Great city, HORRIBLE HOTEL! This place is horrible! It looks great on the website, but don't be fooled. The looks nice, but there are holes in the linens, the thermostat was broken, so it was about 68 the whole time, and there were only 2 towels for 4 girls, even when we called down for more! THey said there was breakfast til 9 but we went down every morning before 8:30 and there was nothing. ANd The staff sucks!!! The one woman had her kid there while she was working and the little girl was running around the hotel and screaming the whole time. The staff would completely ignore you when you had a question, and anything they said they would do they didn't. I asked when I booked and a day in advance that our 2 rooms were together, and they weren't, we we so far apart we had to ride different elevators! Then, we asked 3 days in advance that the concierge get us a number for a limo, and they never called back. Then after another call the front desk told me they booked a van. When we went to leave the van never showed and the front desk denied the whole thing! And now, I'm home, and they have $150 held up through my bank account. I can't access the money, and I specifically asked when we checking in that nothing would be charged. All they can say is Sorry. As you can see it was a horrible experience! LOVED THE CITY, HATED THE HOTEL!!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>1	2	3	4	2	1	1	2	

<Author>KTrout
<Content>Bedbugs! I just returned from a short trip to New Orleans. On the plane home I realized that I have several itchy bumps on my shoulders, wrists and hands. I suspect that the pillows were had bedbugs as my legs were unaffected. Aside from the bedbugs, the stay was bad. Noisy rooms (can hear when anyone flushes the toilet) and the staff were incompetent. The ONLY good things were the price ($52/night) and the location. Not enough to risk scratching for the next week or so.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	4	1	3	1	2	

<Author>TexasBarbi
<Content>Worst Hotel Ever! Run the other way - DON'T STAY HERE! This was without a doubt the worst hotel I have ever visited. I travel 50% of the time for business and stay in a lot of hotels; this one is the worst, hands down. There were no hangers in the room, and I had to walk to the Walgreen's and buy hangers so I could unpack. There was no counter in the bathroom, and thin gray towels. The tub had hair in it. The beds and pillows were lumpy and the sheets worn. The room smelled musty. Housekeeping repeatedly failed to empty the trash, clean/replenish the coffee supplies. They failed the wake-up call in the morning, and the restaurant on-site was only open when they felt like it. (And no room service as advertised.) To top it all off, the front desk staff was rude, surly, generally unpleasant and not one bit helpful. They were pretty useless. With all of the lovely hotels in NO, there is no reason to put up with this nonsense. At $137/night it was a total rip-off.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	1	

<Author>hh242
<Content>Buyer Beware Stayed during a convention. It is as kindly as I can put it a dump. The rooms were horrid, poorly kept and bad condition. The mattresses, boxsprings and pillows looked as if they were purchased from a Katerina Auction. The service was comical and even though it states they serve breakfast they only serve coffee and pastries. Could not wait to check out.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	1	

<Author>aodell
<Content>Great Building, Bad Personnel The hotel is gorgeous, there's no denying that, and the rates were great for the location. Unfortunately we found the front of hotel staff, minus the concierge, to be surprisingly rude. Perhaps it's because we're in our twenties and they expect us to be rude, but the spirit of the personnel didn't match that of New Orleans. I would recommend this hotel if you don't intend to have any interaction with the staff. Otherwise, spend the extra few dollars to be treated like a respectable person somewhere else. Also to note, while in the slightly disappointing workout facility a man off the street walked in and started lifting weights. The hotel staff responded immediately and removed the man from the premises but the back door to the hotel and the door to the fitness room have no lock.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cjval
<Content>If you are looking for old world charm, stay at the Ambassador I had stayed at this hotel in 2000 and found it a great location and value at that time. I returned to NOLA in December 2006 and was looking for a place to bring a small group. I took a look at this property again and liked what I saw. It is walking distance to the French Quarter and and an easy streetcar ride to the Garden District. There are good restaurants within walking distance.The hotel is a former coffee warehouse, so don't expect all the rooms to be the same! The exposed brick and high ceilings really add to the charm of this hotel.I was a bit hesitant after reading some of the reiews, but found my fears were totally groundless The rooms were clean, comfortable, quiet and in reasonably good repair ( some rooms were still being remodeled, painted etc.) The linens were fresh and clean and appeared new. and the service was outstanding.. The hotel staff was very responisve and friendly. and did everyhting they could to make us feel welcome and cared for. I took about 30 people and we booked 18 rooms for 4 days. No one complained. and everyone raved about the event.The only negative issues were with the contracted concierge service, and I did make that known to the hotel management. You are better off to make your own arrangements.All in ll it was a greeat experience and I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel. I plan to stay there whenever I visit NOLA.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>OscarT1
<Content>never returning My boyfriend and I booked this hotel for three nights over December. The photos looked nice and the reviews weren't horrible, but we werent expecting much. We arrived at the hotel and told the front desk we wanted to check in. Without even looking up at us, the woman told us check in was not until three. We went out to explore and then came back to check in around 4. Once we got our keys, we found that they did not work and I left my boyfriend outside the room while I went downstairs to get new keys. When i came back, I found that my boyfriend had gotten into the room. He had gotten into the room because our cleaning woman had been having a ciggarette in our room and she had let him in. After that, we realized that when our neighbors closed their door, our entire room shook. We could valso hear our neighbors' entire conversations in our room. We tried to brush it off and went to dinner. When we returned, I called the front desk to have more pillows brought up sine they had only given two for two people. The woman on the phone informed me that they do not give extra pillows. This is something I had never heard of before. Throughout our entire stay, our toilet was running and the shower wouldonly stay hot for 10 minutes. I signed up for tripadvisor only to review this hotel and warn others thinking about staying here.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	1	1	2	

<Author>CLCTJS77
<Content>Great Location This was a great hotel. We went to NOLA for Mardi Gras and originally had a reservation in Metarie. We decided to find a hotel closer to the city and found this one with a cheap rate on hotels.com. We figured it would be a dump since the rate was so low but it was AWESOME. The rooms were interesting with hardwood floors and brick walls. The hotel obviously needed a little work but it was a great location. The parades went right in front of the hotel so we had a great spot and it was a short walk to the French Quarter, Riverwalk and Harrahs. The staff was friendly and helpful. I especially liked that you had to have a wristband to get into the hotel to prove you were a guest. It made us feel very safe. If you are looking for a decent hotel in a great location this one is for you!  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>brtravelmom
<Content>Quaint little hotel just off the beaten path We stayed here during Mardi Gras which is a hectic time for hotels in New Orleans. Our room was very quaint with hardwood floors and brick walls. The bedspreads were a little threadbare, but I don't usually use them anyway. The only complaint was the bathroom floor which had dirt and hair (not mine) in the corners. This could easily have been cleaned up had the maid bothered to bend over and use a rag or something besides a mop. Oh well, it was Mardi Gras, so who cares. I've stayed in much more expensive hotels that were much dirtier. All in all, the service for such a busy time was fairly good. I would definitely stay there again. Also a great location if you want to be near the uptown route for Mardi Gras, but not quite in the madness of it all. Oh yes, some prior complaints were about the size of the rooms. We had 4 people in a room with 2 double beds and we had tons of stuff with us. It was fine, although we don't tend to hang out in our room when we travel. Maybe the king room is smaller?  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>3	5	3	3	2	2	-1	-1	

<Author>moniquemoe
<Content>Great hotel  We enjoyed our stay at the Ambassador. We stayed two nights, February 29th  30th. Our king bed was very comfortable and the location was great. Harrah's Casino was practically across the street and you it's a short walk to Boubon Street  the French Quarter. We got married on the 30th at Pirates Alley at the French Quarter and then took a four night cruise on Carnival to Cozumel , Mexico. It was a great experience for us and inexpensive also. We had a great room rate and front desk clerk, Courtney! We will stay there again!  
<Date>Feb 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mawwit
<Content>A barely passable 2 star hotel Have you ever stayed at a place that just barely doesn't creep you out? That you feel just barely oh kay staying at? Well this is the place!Just not somewhere you would want to stay if it wasn't for a short stay. The room is passable, the bed is oh kay but there is a feeling in the room of dinginess that is hard to explain. Maybe it is the wobbly floor, the old carpet, etc. I am one that appreciates old-world style, or styles that match the era of a building, but only when it is kept up or renovated. The customer service turns what would be a much more pleasant hotel into one that is much less pleasant. Front desk staff, (beyond the middle aged man from Natchez, MS who has very good customer service skills and seems to be keeping this hotel together himself) are generally very rude. Some of the rudeness is innocence, as they can be friendly to you, but at the same time, be hollering at their friends that work with them and have side conversations while you get checked in. One woman, for some reason would not look me in the face and talk to me, no matter how overly nice I would talk to her. There is a very serious need for some customer service training here! The valet parking feels like you are parking a car in someone's lawn during a big football game. Maybe your car will have a spot when you come back and maybe not, and it is so casual on whether they will retrieve your car or not. The great thing about this hotel is that someone could take this hotel, and make it a fantastic place. It is in a great location and has great bones! It is just not there yet...  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>1	2	2	5	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>folex1212
<Content>Excellent, no frills room Recently took a spur of the moment trip to NOLA from Houston, and found the Ambassador online via an iPhone in a Starbucks on the way. I didn't book online or in advance at all, but they still helped us get a single room for the online special price. We ended up running the trip up to four nights, and they were always very helpful about extending our stay in the hotel. The decor was very charming, and we loved the room. It was small and simple, but was clean and everything worked perfectly in it. I've stayed in nicer hotels, and if you're a person looking for a destination hotel experience (room service, spas, etc) then this is probably not for you. But it definitely had its charm, and easily surpassed our just looking for a warm bed and a place to store our stuff. Right on Canal street, too, so we were always right near the parades that go down Canal. It's about a fifteen minute walk to the quarter, so definitely not for people not up for the walk.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Kjr05001
<Content>Below Average Central Business District Hotel This is the second hotel we stayed in New Orleans (the other one was the Maison Dupuy). In the future we would certainly pick the Maison Dupuy over the Ambassador. It is a convenient location for the central business district, Harrah's Casino and the Riverwalk, but it is a long walk to the French Quarter. There are no convenience stores within easy walk and the hotel does not have any toiletries for sale or complimentary. The Hotel claims to have a breakfast restaurant but it consists of scrambled eggs and waffles. The price is way too high for the quality. The restaurant is nice for lunch. There is sporadic concierge service and the front desk is at best unhelpful at worst rude. The beds are uncomfortable, the room is small and claustrophobic. The TV is VERY small. There is no sitting area and each room is equipped with only 2 poor quality pillows. The maid service is severely lacking. They pretty much made our bed and changed the towels. No new cups were provided even though the cups were clearly used. The coffee was not refilled, the floors were not cleaned. All in all there are many better hotels in NO, this one is not worth the money.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	5	2	1	1	4	

<Author>irish828
<Content>Great Location... Below Average Hotel We booked our Sugar Bowl stay here and found a great rate online. The hotel has excellent location in the city and was fairly easy to find. However, the service was poor, our bathroom was dirty, and the room window had a large crack in it. When booking the room, we were told that our price included parking, I called the hotel to make sure this was true and they said yes. However, upon arriving at about 7pm we were told that the parking lot was already full and they could not help us or even give us advice on where to park in the city (even though parking was included in the price of our hotel stay). We had to park far away down the street and pay a hefty price for parking. Despite the great location, I would not recommend staying at this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mona216
<Content>Good Base for City Exploration Very well placed hotel for exploring New Orleans. Situated approximately 2 minutes walk frm the Convention Centre, waterfront and casino. Within 10 minutes walk of the French Quarter and Bourbon Street.The hotel did not offer complimentary breakfast but all other amenities including wifi available. Only downside was the paper thin walls that allowed me to hear my neighbours very clearly.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	-1	4	

<Author>stoupagr
<Content>Ambassador, Shambassaror We booked this hotel six months in advance for a wedding being held at a neighboring hotel. Our first room was on the first floor, was freezing cold, had bedside lamps that didn't work, a window 2'4' , whatever. So we asked for another room, pointing out that we'd reserved so far in advance. No luck. We were assigned another room, also on the first floor, steps from the lobby. Again, lamps that didn't work, no towel rack or hooks on the door in the bathroom, and on and on. This place is the pits. We moved out the next day and stayed at the wonderful Loews.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>MNtraveler1399
<Content>Good NOLA hotel Let me start off by saying I am not a picky person about hotels. I travel very frequently and look for the best deal I can find for the money. I stayed at this hotel with a group for Mardi Gras last year. I am from the area originally so travel here at least once a year. I have stayed at many hotels including Prince Conti, The Hilton at Riverplace, Holiday Inn in the Quarter and a few places outside the city in Meridian. I enjoyed our stay at the Ambassador. Payed only $56 a night from Priceline during Mardi Gras week, which if you have ever been during this time, you know is a steal. The front desk was friendly. We were given a fairly large room on the first floor, two double beds. My other travelling companions were on the second floor in an interior room. It had no windows, which I didn't even notice, but was a large room. Both rooms were cleaned each day to our satisfaction. Location is two blocks north of Harrod's, if you like casinos this one is very close. Side note - there is a McAllister's deli in the casino, if you have never been try the BLT. They are open fairly late, midnight at the time. It was a good 15 minute walk to the Quarter. All of my group was able to easily walk the distance, even late at night it was safe. You can expect to walk a lot in this city, so 15 minutes to Jackson Square is nothing compared to what you will walk for the rest of the day.The hotel is older, which is one of the reasons I booked it, for the ambience. Those that normally book in newer hotel chains with sterile environments may be put off.One thing that may be my misunderstanding, but I thought they offered a free breakfast. We went to the restaurant on our last morning but breakfast was not free. In fact it was pretty expensive for you got, so we skipped it.All in all very nice!  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Lynoria
<Content>Being a local, take my advice and stay away from this one! My husband and I are native New Orleanians who now live North of the Big Easy. To do our part in rebuilding OUR city, the one we were born and raised in, we make it a point to spend at least one night a month in the French Quarter. As we like to call it--Play Tourist. We buy from the local shop owners and eat in the local restaurants, all in an effert to help support NOLA post Katrina.We usually try to stay at a different hotel each month so that we can experience The Quarter from all angles. We'll this is one of the angles we wished we'd missed. This place is a dump for lack of a better word. We had a king sized room that the a/c-heater didn't work. The needle was missing off the thermostat--so you had no idea what temperature it was nor did the thermostat-so you had to turn it on fan on and turn it off yourself when you got too hot or cold. Auto was not an option.Getting up in the middle of the night to turn on/off the ac/heater was not something I was fond of but a neccessity both nights we stayed there.The second problem, the walls are soooo thin you can hear everything the occupants in the next room are saying. It's especially annoying when they came in drunk at 3am and start arguing about who's going to win the football game the next day. When we knocked on the wall to get them to quiet down, they just knocked back and said take that. We then called the front desk. Someone finally went to their room and told them to keep it down. That worked for about 5 minutes. Finally, one of the guys in the room told the other guy he wanted to get some rest and shut the[--] up! We mentioned it to the desk clerk the next day and she offered us another room. We felt it was to much trouble for just one more night.The desk clerks and bellman/valets were friendly and helpful. They knew we were locals and did seem to appreciate we were spending our money/tips there.We got free parking which was the only good thing in the 2 days we stayed. However, we took a cab back and forth from the hotel to the French Quarter (it was too far to walk) to the tune of $20 a day...so did we really save a lot?To sum it up, this dingy old coffee warehouse a.k.a hotel is in need of a severe face lift. Don't expect too much and you won't be disappointed.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2007
<Rating>1	2	2	2	2	4	4	-1	

<Author>CaliforniaJim
<Content>Lots of character, a real bargain We've enjoyed several stays at the Ambassador in the last couple of years. It's a coffee warehouse converted into a hotel; lots of character in the best meaning of the term. It's far enough from the French Quarter to be quiet, but still within easy walking distance. There are several excellent restaurants nearby. We've recommended it to friends, who have also enjoyed their stay there. I consider it one of the real lodging bargains in New Orleans.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	3	4	4	

<Author>kaplanguy40
<Content>Great Place for walking to French Quarters       Entrance to room  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>emi80728
<Content>Charged additional fee!! Be aware! Be aware!! Ambassador Hotel charged mandatory additional service fee $6.95/ per day!! Also, you need to pay for parking $15 per day.So so location. It's about 10-15 mins walking from Hotel to French Quarter. I felt uncomfortable about the extra charge.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>2	3	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>Kari74
<Content>Never been so insulted I'm writing this review almost four years after this happened to us but wanted to make sure it didn't happen to anyone else. We were extremely excited to stay at the Ambassador but we were also on a budget and found a cheaper hotel. When we called the Ambassador to cancel, we were told that there was a 24-hour cancellation policy and therefore our $200 would be non-refundable. When we called back to talk to the manager to complain, he said that the employee who made the reservation for us would have told us about the cancellation policy - he clearly didn't - why would we have booked another hotel if we knew we'd have to still pay? He refused to listen to us and insisted that we, the customer, were wrong. Everyone we dealt with was rude. To this day, it still really bothers us. We even tried to go through Discover to make sure we didn't pay for a room that we didn't stay in, but they couldn't do anything so although we were pretty much living on minimum wage at the time, we paid $200 for a room we never used. Nice customer service.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ndstrukt
<Content>Not bad at all I was somewhat hesitant to book a room at this hotel due to the numerous negative reviews on tripadvisor, but I was on a budget, and the hotel's website was running a special ($109 for a 2-night Friday/Saturday stay with free parking), so I decided to take a chance. I requested a room in the Lafayette Wing and wound up in Room 280 on the 2nd floor. The room was quite large, with hardwood floors, marble tile and freshly-painted pale yellow walls in the bathroom, vaulted ceilings, and a large window overlooking the street. I have stayed in dozens of hotels in the French Quarter/N.O. business district, and this was better than most. However, there were 3 negatives: 1) a small bit of mildew in the bathtub. But hey, I wasn't in New Orleans to soak in the tub anyway. 2) Ceilings and walls are EXTREMELY thin. My advice is to either bring earplugs, or request a room on the top floor. You can hear people's chairs above you scraping across the wood floors, and the noise in the hallway can be so loud at times (not from rowdy people, just from general movement, doors shutting, cleaning staff, etc.) 3) Some of the front desk staff needs some customer service training, or they need to hire more professional people to represent their hotel. I am fairly young, and was dressed in casual attire when I checked in, and the young woman at the front desk treated me as such, saying, Wassup? Did they tell you about the $6.95 resort fee? I responded yes and she replied, Good, then I don't gotta explain it. Then she chuckled and said, I'm sorry... [-], I'm just tired. Not good.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	1	2	-1	

<Author>txtraveler65
<Content>Stayed Aug31st-Sep3rd 2007 and it was terrible Stayed here over the 2007 Labor Day holiday. Was put in a room that faced the street on the ground floor. Besides the fact that it was 200 degrees in there, you could hear every sound from the street and people could see your business if they looked sideways through the flimsy shades-what they couldnt afford curtains?. The room itself was plain and drab. The bathroom was the only place that had A/C and how nice they had the air vent in the bathroom recirculate with the bedroom so when you took a potty your whole room stunk. The tv also did not work ,remote was broken. Pillows were very small and you could also hear the people upstairs ,it sounded like someone in high heels stomping on the ground.Oh and they also conveniently charge you a 7 dollar a day resort fee which supposedly is to cover for internet usage and phone etc ,I have a cell phone and the internet never worked correctly. Ive stayed in nicer places that have no such frivolous charges and to call it a resort fee for a place that is no more than a hut with doors... I checked out a day early even though it was prepaid as I couldnt stand it a day more. I got a cheap deal on hotwire and now I know why. Avoid this place like the plague, its also too far a walk to the French Quarter which the hotel brochure claims is a short walk-more like 6-7 blocks and right across the street from this dump is Harrahs casino which makes for expensive parking!!! There are better places to stay in New Orleans than this mess of a hotel.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	3	2	1	

<Author>nitebyrd
<Content>Wonderful! This hotel is just lovely! It is not a cookie cutter place and is beautiful Old New Orleans. Very clean, perfect location with an extremely friendly and helpful staff.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bono9763
<Content>Quaint historic hotel This hotel is a refurbished warehouse, combining three old buildings to create a hotel. It was within easy walking distance of the French Quarter. The staff was friendly and helpful. The room had hardwood floors and exposed brick walls. Our room did not have an outside window, but it did have a window onto the hallway. So the room was not pitch black at night like you would find on an inside cabin on a cruise ship.The room was clean and had everything we needed. We like staying somewhere that is different, and this place fits that description. It's not a sterile hotel you could find in any city. It's kind of funky, and you can't beat it for the price.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	3	4	5	

<Author>vtleftridge
<Content>Loved the Ambassador I was extremely pleased with the hotel decor and staff. The bell guys Oswald and Donald were excellent. They not only were quick with getting our cars they were very resourceful with the activities to take apart in the city. I thought they were like my uncles. I felt very at home. The manager Gabby ( Gabriel) she was like a sister. Her birthday was on that Monday, June 18th, and my birthday was June 19th. I witnessed the staff very friendly and going out of the way for everyone not just me.I will stay there again.The hotel was clean from the time you walked into the lobby, the hall ways and the room.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>heinertx
<Content>Average for New Orleans My wife and I along with my parents stayed at the Ambassador Hotel May 23-26. After reading the previous reviews my wife called to make sure we had rooms with windows. We were on the first floor so that ended up not really mattering as we were on the first floor so if you opened the blinds ello?side street and smokers/passers by. My basic summary is that for the price the hotel was fine. Sure, it could be cleaner and better lit. (They seem to be switching to compact fluorescents which is fine but the bulbs they chose just are not bright enough in the rooms) The attempt at re-caulking the tub area needs a special mention. It seems to me that who ever did the work (it was the same in my parent room too) was the most inept caulker on the planet. It was a mess. The floors in the rooms were dusty. On the plus side the street noise was negligible. I can say that about some of the people using the ice/snack/drink machines. (drinking seems to make everyone louder) Tip-not only ask for windows but for a room away from the snack area. The beds were firm, AC worked and the ceiling fan was nice to have. The hotel location is great (warehouse district) if you are going to visit areas outside the Quarter. Walking to the WW II museum, Aquarium of the Americas, Casino (very close) or the Quarter itself are easy and cabs (used United) came quickly when called. The staff was fine and the porter/valet was helpful with directions and the like. The PC in the lobby is handy too. The attached bar was standard. The only glitch staff wise was when we left the regular porter/valet was on break or maybe lunch and the guy standing in was incompetent. We had checked out and checked our bags to run around the city one more time before heading to the airport. When we gave the stand-in guy our luggage check tickets he seemed befuddled when attempting to match the ticket numbers to the bags. He tried to give us two wrong bags and not some of our own. When we got to the airport we realized we still had one bag too many. My wife called the hotel and was transferred to the manager and we worked it out by leaving it at one of airlines back check-in stands to be picked up later. The manager was very appreciative and offered to comp some rooms the next time we stayed with them. That was a nice offer.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	2	3	2	4	

<Author>Felipevl
<Content>Not expensive, not fancy but with its style It was a lucky experience to stay in this hotel. I got to New Orleans with a reservation in the Crescent on Canal that i didn't stay for one single night after they changed me 6 times from different rooms because the rooms were with leakings, malfunction a/c, broken bed and others reasons.The hotel has good beds, the shower was hot, a/c were really doing its job and the window had a beautiful view to the street that u can see the bridge over the mississipi river but without the noise. The cable TV was ok, you had the option to surf on the web with a wireless keyboard connected to the TV.The noise from the hall really gets to your bedroom, but it's something you can put up with..The most incredible thing i thought was the hotel style: directly from an old warehouse with high walls, thick walls, big windows(mine was very big!) and the furnitures really beautiful(i'd like to have some of them in my house!!!). I really suggest people staying there and i'd stay again!  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	4	3	5	

<Author>ToyInBabeLand
<Content>Impressed after reading bad reviews... I was extremely concerned about staying at this hotel after reading all the negative reviews. My friends who came along depended on me when it came to organizing the trip and I was so afraid that they would be dissapointed. I had no idea what the reviews looked like until two days prior to our trip, I had already reserved the room and feared looking for a different hotel at the last minute would be risky. We arrived at the hotel, I was still nervous but felt ease when they reacted to the great location and the attractive lobby. They were happy and told me so far I had made a good choice. The front desk person was friendly and checked us in quickly. The Vallet guy seemed moody but neevr directed anything toward us. Our car was parked in a gated area, which I did verify by going to my car. A huge relief after reading that the cars were parked in a dark unattended alley. I assure you that it's gated. Sturdy iron gates. As we went to our room, my friends were again very pleased with the style. I inspected the room for mold and dirt, but found nothing like that, I did howeevr find a pair of crusty mens socks hanging from a sink pipe and my friend found a pair of flip flops under the bed. The bathroom was clean and the shower looked safe. The water pressure was a little low, but the temperature was always perfect. The pillolws were fine and the blankets were nice, not shabby as I had seen on a review. There were no windows wich confused our bodies as we always thought is was still night time, we had to set the alarm clock to know it was day time. There are rooms with windows, you just have to be lucky I guess. It wasn't so bad though. The only complaint I have is that you can hear evrything through the walls, people are inconsiderate of this and walk through the hall ways talking and laughing loud. The people upstairs from us seemed to walk around their room excessively, I don't know how someone can walk in such a small room that much. It was a distraction, especially at 5 a.m. when I was trying to sleep. My drunk travel buddies never even noticed. The employees were friendly but rarely smiled, I was smiled at once by a housekeeper who greeted me as I walked toward my room. Overall the location is wonderful, and it felt very safe. I may stay again, the price was great. If you plan on getting sleep there you may want to stay somewhere more quiet. I believe it's all hit or miss.. Maybe you'll have a wonderful stay, maybe you wont... It's a gamble.  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	5	3	4	3	3	

<Author>shling_bling
<Content>No Customer Service and Hidden Charges I stayed at this hotel with my boyfriend while we were in New Orleans for a wedding. When we checked in, it took over 15 minutes of standing in line because there was only one person working at the desk. (We were checking in in the middle of the afternoon- NOT LATE AT NIGHT). Then we were foced to pay a resort fee for unlimited phone calls. This wasn't an option- it was mandatory, even though we didn't make any calls. The clerk claimed this fee was on the website, but it wasn't when I made the reservations in December. Also, I talked to several guests who were similarily shocked at this $6.95 per night. When we got to our room, lightbulbs were out (and never fixed during our stay). There was no curtain liner in the shower so water got everywhere. There was no suitcase stand so we had to keep our bags open on the floor all weekend. There was also no drawer space for our clothes so they had to stay in the suitcases. The biggest problem at the Ambassador was the customer service. We left our room early on Saturday and returned at 3 pm. Our room hadn't been cleaned. I tracked down the maid for some clean towels because we had to get ready for my friend's wedding. The maid then came to our room when I was in the shower. My boyfriend asked for her to return later and that we would be gone from the room at 6 pm. When we left the hotel, we told the clerk at the front desk that we would be gone for the next several hours. We were told that the housekeeper wouldn't be able to clean our room because she left at 4 pm. The clerk told us that she would send up clean towels, but that never happened. Every employee we encountered was rude and not helpful. The only thing that was good about the hotel was that it was close to the Loews Hotel, where my friend had her wedding.  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	2	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>jengoSantaBarbaraCA
<Content>My stay was good, but took alot of work to make it that way First time staying here. Came for Jazzfest. I booked my stay through Priceline, which I will NEVER, EVER do again! The rates were the same if you booked directly through the hotel ( $140 per night plus taxes  parking) and they offer 1/2 off on parking as an incentive. Priceline categorizes Ambassador as 3-star...which I STRONGLY disagree with. This is not 3-star...1.5 at best. After I booked on priceline, I looked it up on tripadvisor  freaked out at the negetive reviews...and there were many. I've stayed in N.O many, many times, but never in this area. A few days prior to arrival- I called Ambassadors reservations dept. and spoke with abby. I expressed my concers about the hotel  told her of the negetive reviews. She did her best to quickly assure me that they have made alot of recent changes and improvments to the hotel(staffing  remodeling) and that she was confident I would enjoy my stay. She offered me 50% off on valet parking ( $30 per day down to $15 in the hotel's parking lot), and noted my request for a room in the lafayette wing. She also waved thier $6.75 a day resort fee- without asking. I had the sense, that she'd been through this routine many times before...damage control. Anyway, when I arrived my room was ready ( 11:30 am), so I was happy with that...The front desk clerk sped through the check-in , so I had to verify the notes on the discounts were there, Before checking in...this was important later at check-out, when the clerk was trying to charge me for all these things...we straightened it out, but just added a bit of stress, that was totally preventable! I was happy with the appearance of the lobby ( the hotel manager was present in the lobby, dressed nicely and greeting guest- 1st day only), which was nice. My room in the lafayette wing was fine. Actually better than expected. The beds were antique style  a bit saggy, and the bathroom was clean enough, but I shower was a little moldy, so I wore sandals. Overall, I was satisfied, because I was there for Jazzfest  wouldn't be in the room much, except to crash  shower. I declined room service during my stayed ( felt safer about my personal belongings that way) as the room attendants I encountered didn't seem to care much about thier professional conduct around guests ( loud  pretty unfriendly). I took full advantage of the free internet on thier lobby computer, for purchasing tickets for evening shows, checking bank statements, checking-in for return flight, printing maps, etc. ...this was a very usefull amenity during Jazzfest! The location of the hotel was great! The Arts  Wherehouse district is directly across from the convention center and immedietly surrounded by numerous large chain hotels which have restaurants and bars/lounges you can utilize. Very easy walk to Sheraton on Canal to catch JF express. Mother's restaturant is across the street! Bonus! Howlin' Wolf is about 5 blocks away- easy walk. Emerils restaurant is 2 blocks away. We felt pretty safe walking at night ( during JF) because there were always people out  about on Tchoupatoulas. Didn't have any issues with valet or our car...they said they have an enclosed parking lot now, which I didn't verify, but I beleive, because they told me they would walk me over if I needed to retrieve stuff from my car. There is also a pay parking lot directly across the street, which I beleive was cheaper. Very easy access to the freeway.The hotel has a restuarant/bar, which looked nice for appetizers  martini's, but I never made it there. Overall, my stay was fine for JF. I don't know if I would stay there again, because I feel like I had to do alot of extra work to ensure my stay be satisfactory. Which I don't feel you should have to do at a 3-star property. There was a couple of women who I saw at the front desk arguing with the clerk. They had booked a Year in advance and had apparently only stayed in the lafayette wing before, because thier room this time was in terrible condition and NOTHING like what they stayed in before, nor did it look anything like any of thier friends rooms. They were very upset..but the front desk didn't move them or offer anything else. SO- I will VERY likely look for other accomodations in the same area, which was great! Not sure if I would want to press my luck at the Ambassador.  
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	2	2	3	3	

<Author>tripneworleans
<Content>Welcoming and friendly staff, elegant hotel I traveled to New Orleans recently was gratful that I stayed at the Ambassador Hotel. The staff was very welcoming and friendly and assisted me with every aspect of my travel, from directions to the local attractions - to recommendations for local restaurants. The hotel itself is absolutely gorgeous, with antique brick walls and elaborate, lush curtains. My favorite part of the hotel (besides the amazing staff), was the location. It is located quite close to all of the major local attractions (the steamboat tours, downtown New Orleans, The French Quarter, etc).When I return, I would definitely go back to this hotel.  
<Date>May 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chargergrrl
<Content>You get what you pay for! We booked this hotel via priceline, and thought we'd gotten a great deal. But after reading the numerous negative reviews on TA, I was a bit nervous, and even thought of ways to get out of our reservation. It was just going to be too much trouble, so we decided to make the best of it. Plus, we were going during Jazzfest, and rooms are always at a premium during that time. It was a huge disappointment when I found out that rooms via expedia were going for the EXACT same rate as our rock-bottom priceline rate. Our first impression was great- the building is old, but has character. The gal at the front desk was nice, and honored my request for a room in the Lafayette wing. We were pleasantly surprised when we entered the room. Although it was small, it had a high ceiling w/ fan, and simple but adequate furnishings. The room looked like it had just been remodeled. Unfortunately, we found out that we had been assigned an accessble room, as there was no tub in the bathroom, just a curtain separating the shower area from the rest of the bathroom. At least the tiled room was clean. We decided to just stay in that room as the rest of it was OK. I was pissed about it, as I didn't like the fact that the bathroom would get all wet once we showered. NOPE- the water pressure sucks. Just a trickle- which was good (no wet bathroom), and bad (terrible showers). YES, the location is awesome. Very near the French Quarter, and right across the street from Mothers. The place has it's perks. I would probably stay there again, but would hold out for a REAL deal next time.  
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>4	2	2	5	3	5	-1	-1	

<Author>vicchickBrooklyn
<Content>Fix the water pressure or we won't come back We were prepared to cut this hotel a break. Some of the complaints seemed a little petty in light of what a bargain this place is. You've got to keep things in perspective. Plus the location is phenomonal. We stayed for Jazzfest and it's very close to the unofficial and far better bus to the fairgrounds and it's close to French Quarter and it's right around the corner from Cafe Adelaide a wonderful Brennan restaurant. But then I went to take a shower. The water pressure is sad. In the morning it's barely a trickle and in the evening it's just limp. I need real showers. The hotel knows they have a problem. It's not just our room. I don't know that they're doing anything about it.Not having a decent shower is a deal breaker. Everything else about the hotel is adequate. It's not a place to impress. I would have recommended it for budget conscience travelers save that one fatal downfall.And yes, the mandatory $7 bucks a day for unlimited phone service is a gouge. it encouraged us to make calls like mad to get even.  
<Date>May 4, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>charley56
<Content>Excellent Trip We took a weekend trip to New Orleans for the Jazz Fest. We had an eighty one year old in a wheel chair along with us. The housekeeping staff, led by David Smith made our stay much easier with the help they provided. We will stay there again soon. Thanks so much.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>JNTexas
<Content>Better than expected After reading the horrific reviews about this hotel, I was very nervous about staying here. However, I found both the staff and the room very accommodating. We booked the room through the website, but later saw that if you called the hotel 1-800 reservation number you would receive a 2 for 1 special and free parking. Since we were 4 guys on a mini-vacation, we elected to call and book four separate rooms. We received a MUCH better deal than if we booked through a discount online vendor such as Travelocity. Make sure and ask for a room in the Lafayette wing. These rooms were the ones they advertise on the website, not the Bates Motel, mold infested, windowless rooms I have read about here on Travel Advisor. The room was small, but comfortable and clean, with hardwood floors and a single Queen sized bed. One note, the elevator bank to this wing is not the one located adjacent to the lobby. You have to walk around a small hallway maze located on the left side of the lobby which takes you around to the Lafayette wing. Just ask the front desk people or any employee and they will help you. The showers take a while to heat up so don hop in right away or you will be screaming at the top of your lungs. All four of us had this issue. Overall, it was a good bargain hotel, with a good location. The W hotel is right across the street (Whiskey bar is great by the way) and you can see the entrance to Harrah Casino sign from the front door of the hotel. It is about a 10 minute walk from Bourbon Street. Cheers.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>ndsquirrel3
<Content>Reasonable for the Price I stayed in this hotel for the Sugar Bowl. One of the best decisions that my traveling companion and I made was to forgo getting a rental car. Everything is within walking distance, if you are willing to getup and go a bit. We walked back and forth to the French Quarter everyday. We were in one of the weird rooms without any outside windows, but really, who needs windows in a hotel room? It actually helped us sleep off some of the partying that we did the night before. The cleaning staff was extremely loud in the morning, but that wasn't usually until about 10am. We had trouble with the wireless internet but we used the free computer at the front desk instead. Beware of the $4.95 fee for telecom; it seems that was a surprise to almost every person that we saw check in.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>3	5	2	4	3	3	2	1	

<Author>Funlo
<Content>Absolutely horrible Absolutely horrible. I usually get great hotels through hotwire and can trust their star ratings on hotels, but this hotel does not deserve the 3 star rating it has. I get shabby chic, but this was just plain shabby. I appreciated the brick walls with the intentionally unfinished look. However, the other walls were scuffed and dirty with handprints and footprints as well as furniture marks. They were desperately in need of a paint job. The room (a double) was large enough but the bedding was thin and looked like it had had one too many runs through the washing machine. The bathroom was the worst I have ever seen. The tub was dirty, stained and had craked, mouldy caulking between the tiles. I actually considered passing on taking a shower in it. The tiles on the floor were also worn. I will definately NEVER go there again.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	3	3	-1	2	

<Author>tonbla
<Content>Beware fellow travelers! Horrible. We've stayed at this hotel before in the Lafayette Wing. This time was not in that wing. 3rd floor: blinds covering room door and window between the room and brightly lighted hallway. So room was still very lighted when lights were off in room at night. No privacy, blinds still have openings on ends that allowed people walking in the halls to see in your room! Oh, and the filth! No exaggeration, I want fellow travelers to be warned. Beautiful wood floors were so dirty ; the bathroom sink had a rusty pole holding it up; the walls were full of stains that seemed to be body fluids; ceiling needs acustics because while trying to sleep, I could hear many feet walking in heels on the floor above the room and a couple having relations in the room next to us! When we got up in the morning, I realized I'd been sleeping on a (very flat) pillow that has blood stains on the pillow case! I didnt realize I could take pictures for this review, if I knew I could, I would've to show there is not exaggeration. I couldn't wait to get in our car and go home. I love New Orleans but as for the Ambassador Hotel, I will NEVER stay in again. Never.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bbbradk
<Content>No Windows? Stayed at the Ambassador for the beginning of Mardi Gras, and was really impressed. It's a beautiful old building, with high ceilings, and all kinds of character. Our room was large, and had a great ceiling fan that eliminated the need for the a/c.Very comfortable bed, good tv (that has free internet browsing)(but only news sites, they will charge you if you want to say check your hotmail)My only negative comments would be. The place is a bit of a maze, but once you find your room, it's easy to get back and forth to it. The room had no windows!! (other than the one on the door that led to the hallway.) The long distance fee that is mandatory (but does include unlimited long distance calling)Other than that, it's in a great location (steps from Mothers)  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>manytravelsnear_far
<Content>Worst, Worst, Worst!!!! Hotel was picked for us by the people who run the convention we were attending...had little choice. We had 6 people in our group, all attending this convention. All agreed that this was the WORST hotel they had stayed at during their professional careers. And, these are NOT people accustomed to saying in $300/night hotels, so our expectations are not that great!Each room is different, which isn't a problem. Some rooms are big, some rooms are little. Some of us had rooms with windows that were 2 feet away from a brick wall! Some had no windows at all. Luckily, I guess, I had windows. However, my windows, along with my glass (???!!!) entry door, were covered with metal venitian blinds. This led to a situation of the room never being completely dark...it was always like dusk as the light just streamed in from the hallway and the outside!Painted walls of the room (some walls were unpainted original exposed brick) were very dingy, marked up, and in definite need of painting. Bathroom was the worst experience....one which I decided not to shower in or step into barefoot. There were large cracks in the very stained caulking of the tub, shower, and tile floor. Floor tiles were loose and dirty. Again, walls were filthy. Tub was dirty and water/shower controls were not clean. Drain cap was pulled out and was just sitting on the tub wall??!Service also appeared to be a definite problem at this place. Maid service seemed to consist only of bedmaking. Chairs that were left in the middle of the room, phone was left whereever it was, and other things were not put back in place as would be the custom at other hotels. The open shampoo bottle that sat on the side of the tub when I moved in (!!!) was left there throughout my stay. No one bothered to clean up this. Restaurant on the first floor was constantly closed due to lack of staff (which I have more sympathy for than the disgusting quality of the accommodations).Bed linens were torn and thin. The bedspread on both beds had 3-4 gaping 4 rips in them and were very faded and worn. Definitely in need of replacement.Hotel charges a manditory $7 charge (probably taxed then too) for telecommunications charges -- supposedly Internet, local calls, and long distance calls. This is NOT optional. Internet access was non-existent unless you used the 1 computer in the lobby. Room access was not possible because they said something was wrong with their wireless connection.At any rate, this was an awful experience for the 6 of us. Each person had a different story to tell about the disgusting nature of their room and service.Best advice is: Stay Elsewhere!  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	3	-1	

<Author>lv6234
<Content>Worst hotel room I've ever stayed in!       Mildew stains everywhere  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	4	1	

<Author>italianaeorgogliosa
<Content>Always reliable - best deal in town We travel to New Orleans quite often. we often stay at the Ambassador because we think it has the best quality/price ratio in New Orleans. Many other more snobbish hotel in this city do not offer the same accomodations.The location is ideal, within walking distance to everything. The service is very good. The staff at the front desk is excellent, they are always helpful and go out of their way to accomodate our needs. Parking is the best. Usually it is free (depending on how you book your room) and if you don't want to valet park the car, the parking lot across the street is a good alternative. The restaurant next door is nothing to write home about but there is plenty of great restaurants in the area. Our room was spacious with confortable beds, decently clean. I would highly recommend this hotel if you want charm and are not too snob.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	3	5	5	3	

<Author>FrugalTraveler50
<Content>Enjoyed Stay During Mardi Gras       View  
<Date>Feb 24, 2007
<Rating>2	4	3	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>LisaMarieBirmingham
<Content>Loved the Hotel, but cold showers I loved staying at the Ambassador. The customer service was great, and the valet parking was so convenient. The only complaints that I have is that when I took a shower in the mornings the water was not hot at all. My advice is to take a shower at night. I took a shower at night one time and it was hot the whole time.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	3	3	3	4	2	

<Author>Cotton_Farmer_Clay
<Content>Best keep secret in New Orleans Hotels Just returned from a wonderful cruise and mini vacation in New Orleans. If you are looking for a hotel that not only is pleaseing to the eye but truelly transports you back to the old south this is the one for you. Beautifully decorated with breath taking historical details I was truelly amazed by the beautiful high ceilings and traditional decor as well as brick and plaster walls (straight from the sugar warehouse days!!). My room had hard wood floors and 12' high ceilings. This was completely different from any hotel I have ever stayed at.  Its location is perfect, parking right across the street and within walking distance from all the best food, entertainment and gaming. French quarter was just down the road and the casino could be seen from the hotel as well as the riverwalk. If you have any questions Mr. Smith, the manager, personally gave SUPER pointers on were to eat ( Moms and The Coffee Pot were superb), what to do and how to get there. The Hotel provided us with maps and directions. I was truelly impressed with the wonderful Old southern charm of not only the Hotel but the employees within it. This is a MUST see for all that plan on a stress free vacation. I have never had a hotel go so far out of their way to make my stay enjoyable. Only regret was that i had to leave to catch my cruise.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Generaljones
<Content>Inexcusable Customer Service (But good rate and location) Don't count on anything the reservation clerk may tell you about the number of beds in the room or availability of rollaway beds. They did, however, take off over half the cost of one night's stay. Also, spaces in the parking lot across the street can be paid up for several days. If you're told you have to get out there by 7 A.M to either repay or move then they are not being honest with you; the manager indicated to me that they would prefer people to pay to park in their garage. Understandable, but petty.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ngrossni
<Content>Great and Reasonable The Ambassador Hotel in New Orleans, LA is a beautifully restored historic hotel in the Arts District, near the French Quarter. We received outstanding service from the hotel personnel, especially David in housekeeping. In addition to beautiful woodwork in the guest rooms, we had a spacious and comfortable meeting room for our conference. I consider this hotel to be the best value in the New Orleans area.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Silverfish16
<Content>A great hotel in a great location! My daughter and I stayed at the Ambassador this past weekend so we could go to the Sugar Bowl (Geaux Tigers!). The Ambassador was the perfect hotel in the perfect location. We had to book a room with one king sized bed as that was all that was available to us over the hotel website. David Smith, the Rooms Division Manager, learned of this and moved us to a double room, much better. The room we moved into had a problem with the door lock but that was handled very promptly by the hotel maintenance department. They too are deserved of a compliment. The work was done quickly and the men that performed the work were very friendly and efficient in their work.The hotel is full of local New Orleans character, the hard wood floors, the brick walls, the mazelike hallways and the staff. If you want a little taste of the city, stay here. I understand that some of the hotel has been renovated and another part not but I suspect the plans are in place to take care of this.This hotel is also in a fabulous location. Since we were there for the game (at the Superdome) the walk was about 10 blocks but the hotel is also only a short walk from the French Quarter, and an even shorter walk to the River Walk Mall and the casino. This hotel has a great location without some of the inconveniences of the French Quarter hotels. It does not have the all night traffic of Bourbon Street outside. Great hotel, great location, count me in for another stay.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Mystic_Krewe_of_Brew
<Content>Nice place and location! This was our second stay at the Ambassador. First stay was July 2005, pre-Katrina, and hotel was being renovated then.Lots of improvement since the first visit. No signs of Katrina damage and renovations can clearly be seen since our first stay.Hotel has lots of character. It is a converted rice mill; no pun intended Rooms are huge. It's in the Warehouse District, so you can sleep at night as opposed to some French Quarter rooms! Hardwood floors are a bit uneven and can take some getting used to!I booked through hotels.com and got free valet parking (which is now $30 a night!) Spoke to couple checking in when we did. Gentleman stated he booked through hotel's website and only got 50% off parking.Excellent location. Near casinos, Riverwalk, and only a short walk to French Quarter and world-famous Bourbon Street!We will be staying here again!  
<Date>Dec 31, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>forrestlsmith
<Content>terrible hotel pretty much the worst experience ever. we arrived to a room which was apparently under the elephant quarters. it was incredibly loud and lacked a window, not to mention how incredibly small the room was.we were able to move to a different room after complaining, but the new room's safe didn't work correctly. either that or the instructions changed. in any case, we couldn't get our personal belongings when we needed since the safe didn't work. we were told it was for our protection and I must have forgotten the code. there's no question that i didn't forget my code and the result was to wait until the next day to get in. needless to say, this was not an acceptable solution given that i needed to access the safe that night.in addition to the tiny loud room and the problem with the safe, the hotel room smelled terrible and it was clear the place needed to be renovated in a major way. i guess nothing will change with the constant flow of new visitors, but this hotel should have been flooded away with much of the rest of the city during katrina.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2006
<Rating>1	2	2	3	2	2	-1	4	

<Author>happyfamilyWisconsin
<Content>Loved the experience! If you're looking for a hotel with character and personality at a great price this is it! We loved our one night stay because we've never been in a hotel even remotely like it. We read the negative reviews and didn't know what to expect so we paid close attention-the staff was friendly and helpful, the room was clean, and the atmosphere was delightful. Sure, it seemed like kind of a maze to get to our room but that was part of the charm. The uneven wood floors were also part of it! The beds were queen and very comfortable. If you love history this is the place for you!  
<Date>Dec 25, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	3	3	5	4	5	

<Author>RobinRed
<Content>Customer Service with a WOW!!!! My husband and I spent the weekend in New Orleans at The Ambassador with another couple. Each room has its own individual character, not of the cookie cutter type of your average hotel. In fact, it is more like a Bed and Breakfast for which I am fond. I especially like the ambience of the hardwood floors, wrought iron fixtures and exposed brick walls. Customer service was excellent.. All of the desk clerks were very responsive..But I must single out Gabby for she was on the desk when we came in. She is very knowledgable about the City of New Orleans and restaurants and recommends the best, makes reservations, prints out directions, calls the cab and met our every need. And, in fact, each clerk was resposive to our requests and so was the bell clerk with the parking and bag carriage. I recommend this hotel also for its convenient location.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jwalt
<Content>Beautiful European/old world atmosphere Excellent experience!! Convenient location. Staff very courteous, helpful, and efficient. Room very clean and comfortable. Will definitely stay at the Ambassador on all future trips to New Orleans. I highly recomend this hotel to everyone.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>The_Crazy_Brazilian
<Content>Not the horror show some reviews lead us to believe After finding out the 3-star hotel I've booked thru priceline was the Ambassador I confess I was worried with the possibility of being assigned one of the windowless rooms so many people complained about. Guess what? I got one of those and it was not that bad. The building is an old warehouse that was converted into a hotel and has a number of internal rooms with windows opening to to small internal patios. Granted, you need to keep your curtains closed all the time to have some privacy, but the air conditioning works fine and the exhaust system is good so, short of a view you will not notice that your window opens to an internal hall. This is a budget hotel and if you keep that in mind you will not be disappointed. My only complaint is about the dragon lady from hell at the front desk - avoid the light brunette with glasses and you will be fine ;).  
<Date>Nov 10, 2006
<Rating>3	5	4	3	4	2	5	-1	

<Author>addict4u
<Content>Would stay there again I am a local here in New Orleans, but was staying there due to a planned late night out. It's a perfect location - very safe feeling area. For the price, this hotel was great! The hardwood floors in the room and cathedral ceiling give it a nice touch. The hotel has an older atmosphere which I actually loved. If you don't want to pay the $15 to valet park, there is a parking lot right across the street that you can park in ($12 every 24 hours I believe - great for us especially for only 1 night) I'd definitly stay there again! :)  
<Date>Nov 7, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>destination
<Content>Disappointed The three biggest problems with my stay here were:1) The enormous cockroach that crawled across my floor on the first night here. I subsequently switched rooms and had further problems with ...2) The thin walls. I could clearly hear people talking next door. Added to that, for some bizarre reason my neighbors were hammering something at 10:30 at night and either blowdrying or vacuuming at midnight which was definitely not muted.3) The door was charming, glass paneled with a drape. The window was also covered and both looked out into a well lit hallway. Unfortunately, the drapes were not sufficient to block the ambient light that lit up the room even with all the lights off.The plus side was that the hotel was inexpensive. My round trip fare and 5 night stay was $650 total. The hotel staff were also very responsive and friendly. If you are on a tight budget, it's worth considering, but if you have other options, I would stay elsewhere.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2006
<Rating>2	4	1	4	1	4	4	4	

<Author>MauiAug06
<Content>Worth its value       Towel Rack  
<Date>Sep 21, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>FSUAmanda
<Content>Character, Comfort and Charm! I was skeptical when I saw the great summer rates for the Ambassador Hotel, but I knew that I'd found a great deal when I checked in! The Ambassador Hotel in New Orleans is not only in a great, safe location, but it has character, comfort and charm. I love it here. The lobby is classy, the staff is friendly and the furnishings are rich and comfortable. It's actually like staying in a bed and breakfast in an old home, but it happens to be a great hotel in a great location. There's also a great restaurant that serves breakfast, lunch and dinner. Harrah's Casino (for those who like to gamble or eat at buffets), the W New Orleans (for a little swankier taste) and Lulu's Restaurant (casual, sandwiches, drinks) are all within walking distance. It's also within walking distance of the French Quarter. It's very hot down here, though, so you'll enjoy coming back to your air conditioned room!  
<Date>Aug 18, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelerexpress
<Content>Had a Great Stay Just wanted to say that I had a great time at the Ambassador in New Orleans The rooms were great, housekeeping was great, very polite and Dave Smith the room manager was excellent with everything I needed. Hope to go back soon. Thanks  
<Date>Aug 16, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>horacegreeley
<Content>bewithched, bothered, bewildered I was a little concerned about visiting N.O. from the negative national news reports. The staff at the hotel relieved my fears considerably. They went out of their way to reassure me and direct me where I needed to go. The rooms were large , the beds king-sized and the atmosphere charming. I will admit to getting turned around in the hallways (bewildered) but all in all it was a pleasurable experience. Thank you to David and Raelynn who were most helpful. I was truly bothered by the negative reviews as I found this to be a pleasant visit.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	5	2	

<Author>pineapp
<Content>For the $ - acceptable. It was by error that I got lowered my star rating on Priceline that I ended up with The Ambassador. I was a little concerned by the reviews here, but decided to keep my reservation and see what I found. I have stayed at nearly all the hotels in the CBD of New Orleans. I like the location of the Ambassador. My room was very large, with TWO king size beds. I especially like the hard wood floors. Other than some noise from an adjoining stairway, my room was quiet. No window to speak of - a small opening looking into a brick wall. I was disappointed that there was no regular coffee for the in suite service - only decaf. There were chucks of marble missing from the vanity and shower surround. The exhaust fan in the bathroom was VERY loud at start up, but did get quieter. The water pressure has much to be desired! The hallways appeared unkept. The front desk people were very friendly and helpful with all requests including receiving faxes, etc. The Ambassador COULD be a great property with a little TLC - but for $59, I really could not complain.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nancyelizabeth
<Content>Wonderful atmosphere The atmosphere of this hotel is fantastic. The staff worked very hard to make our stay a pleasant one.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>melbiev
<Content>The best part of the stay was the king size bed I booked this room at the last minute as part of a vacation package. I then checked the reviews and was skeptical about staying here. When we arrived I mentioned my concern about all the negative reviews. The Rooms Division Manager immediately responded by upgrading our room. The room was clean, and the king sized bed was comfortable. Great valet service. The air conditioning was cold despite the unbearable heat and humidity outdoors. The only negative was no maid service for the two nights we stayed. But we called for clean towels and they were promptly brought up. For the price, our stay was more than comfortable.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	5	4	1	

<Author>ejfjr
<Content>Had a great time We've stayed at the Ambassador twice. The place is clean, affordable and convenient to downtown New Orleans. I found the staff to be friendly and competent. I'd stay again.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>orchidtyls
<Content>More than terrible I bidded this hotel from priceline and I hate both of them. I was offering a price of $70 to bid a three-star hotel in the convention business center area and this hotel was the one coming out. Afterwards, I checked the average price for this hotel is just around $60. This hotel is no-way a 3-star hotel without any room service. When we got there in the middle of the night, we were given a really bad dirty room first without internet connection even after they charged $4.95/d for each room. After we stayed for a while, we can't stay the quality of the room and argued to change rooms. This time, the room is a little bit better than the previous one with slow wirelss connection. But the room was terribly dark with no windows and humid with some kind of bad smell always. We even found a beatle in the fifth day in our room. Plus, there is no remote controller for the TV. Anyway, the experience was terrible and we will never ever stay in this hotle any more.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>DaLumZ
<Content>ask for a room with a window facing harrah's We most certainly can understand the mixed reviews here. Our family of 5 booked 2 rooms. There were no rooms on the same floor, so we were separated by one floor - which was no problem. My husband  I took the room on the 3rd floor  the rest of the family had the 4th floor. Upon entering our room, we weren't totally turned off, however the room was very dark  dingy. My husband went to open the blinds  the view was the hotel hallway leading to other rooms. There wasn't sufficient lighting in this room at all. It was dinnertime, so we just dropped off our things  met the rest of the family on the 4th floor. What a total difference!! Their room was so much nicer, with big windows facing Harrah's, a ceiling fan, nice bathroom with lots of counterspace, a closet with sliding mirrored doors, etc. Total opposite of what we just checked into. Later that night, we went back to our dingy room  discovered there were 2 large tiles fronting the toilet bowl that were completely loose. We also discovered that the toilet didn't flush. The sink in the bathroom had several cracks in it. I called the front desk to ask for a room change. After about 10 minutes of being on hold, she told me to come  pick up the keys to the new room. The next morning we asked the housekeeper for 2 extra pillows  were left 2 pillow cases (no pillows). Called the front desk when we got back that afternoon to request the same thing. 30 minutes later, still no pillows. Called the front desk (again) to request pillows  10 minutes later - FINALLY we got what we requested! They charge $4.95/day for wireless internet, local  continental U.S. calls. We were in a room on the back side of the hotel  the wireless signal was so weak - we'd connect for 30 - 45 seconds, then get disconnected. I brought this up with the hotel  they adjusted the charges at check out, so that was nice.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2006
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>bwana7
<Content>2 Star Hell but advertized as a 3* + The hotel is NOTHING like it is advertized. The walls are paper. You hear the neighbors doing whatever is done in Hotels. The valets park your car in an open unlighted alley. The WHOLE smoking floor reeks as soon as the elevator door opens. If you buy a room from a discounter, they are aware and provide discount service. There is a $4.95 communications charge. The rooms have NO ambience beyond the high celings. It is really just a maze through the building to get to your room 1/3rd of which have no windows. Those that do haveonly venetian blinds and no curtains. The street is 20' away.As a positive the bathroom was first rate except for the fact there was no hot water by the time my wife and I both showered.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ambassador from hell! This was the absoulute worst hotel I have ever been to in my life. When I arrived I was told I could not park in front to drop off my bags because the only curbside spot was reserved for the owner who would be arriving in the morning, (It was 8:00 at night). The hotel parking lot is a block away and could only be described as extremely dodgy. The fee for parking in such a place is absolutely exorbent, I was quoted 30$ a night. The rooms do not have a view at all. Some rooms have a solitary window facing a brick wall not more than 4 feet away. I requested a different room and was told that some rooms do not have a window at all. I would have just left immediately but it seemed like too much of a bother. ( I was definitely wrong about that). The next day I did get a new room though, when I came back to the hotel my key did not work and when i went to the front desk I was told I would have to change rooms. Things were no better in the next room, in fact they were probably worse. The room was dirty the walls looked as if every piece of furniture in the room had been moved so that the walls were as marked as possible. The bathroom was horrible there was hair everywhere. The bathtub had more markings on it than a Motel 6. The room was not made up at all the next day. I have absolutely no idea why anyone would write a positive review of this place. I have never been so disappointed in a hotel in my life, I may be young but I have traveled enough to know bad service, and bad quality when I see it and the Ambassador Hotel is picture proof of how shoddy an establishment can be.  
<Date>May 28, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Unbelievable Staff I didn't know about this site when I stayed there and want to inform others on what poor customer relations can be. Shared a double bed room with business companion, came back to room on 1st night and my bed was soaking wet! Called front desk to inform them. Desk person said Oh, the water made it that far He informed me that someone 2 floors up had run over the tub. When I asked for another room,a rollaway, or extra blankets, he said none were available and I should double up with fellow traveler. I explained we were not inclined to do that, he said the two women in the room above didn't mind sharing a bed and we shouldn't either. Too tired to argue we squeezed in. The next morning the desk person was horrified at his behavior, but all we got was an offer to pay for our breakfast. I don't raise heck, I just tell everyone I know and meet. Stay away!  
<Date>Apr 16, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointed at the Ambassador Hotel My three day vacation was completely ruined by the Ambassador Hotel. From the moment I checked in, the clerk was rude. I found the room to be occupied or had not been cleaned because I found a glass with ice and an ashtray with cigarette butts. The tv was on and the bed was not made. Also found dirty towels in the bathroom and hair in the bathtub. When I complained to the clerk, she said, lazy housekeeper, and informed me that they didn't have any more rooms available but that they would clean the room. I waited in the lobby with my luggage until they were done. Wasted a couple of hours there. I made coffee on the first day and ended up washing it myself because it was never washed. The elevator was not working which was fixed by the end of the second day of my stay. I even had trouble getting clean towels. I was really fooled by the pictures in the internet, they make the hotel look like something out of this world. The hall walls and carpet were dirty. I don't understand how the Ambassador Hotel in New Orleans can get any good reviews. I will never stay here again and will definitely not recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>3 Day Vacation gone wrong Checked in on Saturday and found out the Rollaway bed that was promised was not available. It wouldn't have fit in the room anyway. We had to go buy an inflatable mattress for the extra person in our party.We were presented with a $15.00 a day parking fee for a parking lot a block away, (found out we could have used public lot across the front door for $10.00 a day).We were presented with a $4.95 fee per day for phone and wireless internet that didn't work. The wirless service did work in the lobby though.We found the room to have been occupied that day(cigarette butts in the ash tray, tv on, dirty towels. Asked for another room and none was available, got them to clean the room.Were not provided with clean towels on second day, even though we asked for them. Had coffee pot in room but no coffee, was promised some the next day, never got it. Just gave up and bought coffee elsewhere.TV remote didn't work (didn't care at this point)Was hassled by the maintenance man who wanted to book some tours for us. He got indignant when I told him we would book our own tours because he wouldn't receive their commission.Staff appeared to be bothered by any questions or requests. They were not friendly at all.We decided it would not be worth complaining when we left as they appeared to not care either way.Pictures of hotel on internet makes it appear to be a nice warm place which it is far from being.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place - great staff- great location- great rates We just completed a four night stay at the Ambassador hotel in New Orleans. I am shocked at the negative reviews on this page - the hotel was clean, the staff were overly helpful and polite, customer service was evident in every interaction we had with the staff. Walter at the front desk, Oscar, the bellman, Raquel and others went out of their way to assist us during our stay. Directions to attractions, extra coffee in our room, and prompt service describe the staff. The hotel is a conversion from a coffee wharehouse built in the mid 1800's - It has been converted beautifully and the decor is quaint, not overdone or stuffy. We did not eat at the restaurant but heard from others that the food was good. The 4.95 charge added to the bill was for unlimited long distance and DSL for the intranet. It is charged to each room - I have paid as much as 20.00 a night for DSL in other locations - so the 4.95 was a very slight charge for this service - and to make unlimited free long distance calls from the room... This was a first for me - a great service and a very nominal fee. It is unfortunate that others posting reviews have left such negative comments - It seems impossible to me that they could be referring to the same hotel in which we just lodged.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TinTexas
<Content>The Bates We attended the Fire Chief's convention last August and I was responsible for booking room for the all the fire depts in our county. This is where I put us. This place should be condemmed. The carpet in the halls and the elevators was enough to make you gag. The staff is very rude and not helpful in the least. The floors in the rooms creak and moan with every step and are so uneven none of the furniture can sit flat including the bed. Those on the street side complained of road noise all night long and those of us on the side had street lights shining into our rooms so bright I could of read a book easily with the lights off. With the convention in town there was no place for all of us to move and everyone took it in stride and made the best out of a bad situation. They nicknamed it the Bates and has officially fired me from making reservations for this year's trip. Save your money stay anywhere else. Wish somebody had warned me.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't let the negative reviews fool you My frends and I spent two nights at the Ambassador this past weekend, and found the hotel to be clean, the front desk very friendly...especially Walter, who was a great help to us and very nice. If you're looking for a spotless new hotel with all the bells and whistles, then this place isn't for you. This place has a history, it's a coffee warehouse that was renovated and has character. There are more renovations are going on, and if you have a problem with that, then you might be better elsewhere. But we didn't find them to be troublesome, we were prepared by reading their website, etc. Plus, we weren't there to sit in our hotel all day, we were out and about. This is a good spot with a good location for lots of things you'll want to do and see in New Orleans...they are more than happy to give you suggestions on shortcuts, make phone calls for your shuttle, and all in a timely manner.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2005
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This place is a dump! Black Mold All Over Walls!!!       The first room  
<Date>Jul 24, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just don't do it!!! If you are thinking about staying in the Ambassador Hotel, just don't do it!! The hotel was awful. When we arrived in our first room, the paint was peeling off the walls and when I pulled back the covers of my bed, there was hair ALL over it!!!! The comforters were so old, they were ripped and raveling. Then, they moved us to another room on the first floor, where I pulled the covers back and found LITTLE BLACK BUGS!!!!! That's right ladies and gentlemen, bugs. The bugs were also flying around the room. The floor behind the beds had at least 2 inches of dust on them. Also, the floors down the halls sound very unsturdy and you must go through a maze to find the elevator. After seeing the bugs, we checked out of the hotel after only being there for 2 hours. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone, especially if you have children.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2005
<Rating>1	3	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel with Character This was the third hotel in New Orleans that we stayed in in a two week period. It was both the cheapest and our favorite. (We also stayed in the Iberville Suites and the Amerihost).The Ambassador is located in the Warehouse District which is the burgeoning Arts / Business District. Though outside of the normal tourist venue, it is quite nice. It is in walking distance to the Quarter. The hotel is in an old warehouse building that has been converted. The rooms feel like tiny loft apartments. High ceilings, hardwood floors, some exposed brick, decorated with interesting accents such as custom iron pieces. When we were there, the hotel was in the process of being remodeled, so some painting was going on in the hallway and they had yet to replace some of the older carpet.Our only complaint was that the sevice was slow, though we found this to be true at all three hotels we stayed in, even the luxury hotel that cost significantly more. Our conclusion, service in New Orleans will be good, but much slower than the faster paced cities of the West or East coast. Also, the restuarnt was Mexican, so you will not be able to order the generic New Orleans fare (jambalaya, red beans  rice...) with room service. We found the food to be both good and resonable. Overall, we had a great stay at the Ambassador and will stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Extra charging without prior notice Once you get to the hotel, you are informed that you have to pay 4.95/day+tax extra (for telephone charges and etc.). This is mandatory. When I booked the hotel, they never told me that. When I told them that I was not informed, they just said that they were very sorry but that I had to pay. I checked in at 1a.m. so I could not possibly have checked in somewhere else. In general I found the staff a big aggressive and I would not return there.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2005
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't go there! I travel a LOT and was most pleased to get such a good rate at the Ambassador Hotel. I learned my lesson . . . you truly get what you pay for! Okay, so I am to blame for accidentally leaving some clothing in the room. I had to make 6-count 'em-6 telephone calls to the hotel before I got the courtesy of a return phone call. By that time, the clothing had disappeared. I requested a replacement hair dryer 3 times and it never appeared. The walls are paper thin. We were surrounded by a Led Zep fan that liked to play it loud all through the night and a family with screaming children that spent their early mornings running back and forth through their room. I'll never go back - it was truly the worst hotel experience of my life.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I liked it. We had read the reviews and were quite concerned but overall it was a nice place to stay, you could not beat the location and the price was great. Yes there were a few cosmetic flaws in the room but it was quite a comfortable room and there was no excessive noise that I ever heard (of course I was half drunk most nights!) I loved the restaurant and bar and the staff was fine. I would stay there again if I go to New Orleans again.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2005
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not as bad as everyone says After reading all of the negative reviews for the Ambassador, my husband and I were very concerned that our 4-night stay would be horrible. With such low expectations, we were pleasantly surprised. Our room was clean, the bed comfortable, and the service was fine - not outstanding, but we didn't really require anything more than check-in/check-out. However, I still wouldn't recommend this hotel. The one area I agree with other reviewers is the noise factor. The walls truly are paper thin. We had a family staying next to us the first night, and it sounded as if we were all in one big room together - didn't make for a very romantic stay. The price and location are great, but if privacy and quiet are important to you, stay elsewhere.  
<Date>May 27, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Ambassador was great! I visited New Orleans recently to attend a national conference. The conference hotel was pricey and I was staying with 2 other colleagues. We decided that we could afford to go early and stay later than the conference if we could book somewhere more affordable. We found the Ambassador. They were great. I missed the flight with my colleagues and they arrived ahead of time and were well taken care of despite the fact that I had the reservations in my name. They were able to take their luggage and unpack and rest while they waited for me. The room looked exactly like the photos on the web. They were much larger than other hotel rooms. The rooms were clean, cool, and comfortable. Not everything, matched and the walls needed a little painting here and there, but who cares when you just want a nice comfortable place to sleep. The staff was friendly and everyone quickly got to know us and helped us with all of our needs. I would definitely recommend this hotel to others and I would stay there again. It is only a little more than a block away from the trolley/riverside and a hop skip and a jump to Bourbon Street. The cantina next door was a great place to grab a drink too! There were a number of European guests staying the same time as us and it was fun to see where everyone was from.  
<Date>May 25, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not Impressed I was not impressed with this hotel. The rate was reasonable for the fairly close proximity to the French Quarter. There was a ceiling fan in our room but it did not work.......the light would not come on either. There was a very small window with a poor excuse for a mini blind hanging in it. There was no way to block the light effectively. There was some type of white powder along the baseboards and there was newspaper stuffed between the brick and the baseboards in parts of the room and closet. But the worse part of the whole deal was the bed. It was the absolute worse bed I have ever slept on..................very very very hard and very uncomfortable.  
<Date>May 23, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Hotel in a Great Location I gave an average rating because what else would you expect from a low rate hotel. Having traveled all through Europe, I found the Ambassador Hotel to be very similar to those I stayed in oversees, quaint, comfortable and clean. The location was great. You can walk to the French Quarters, Riverwalk, Convention Center and the area museums. Harrah's Casino is less than 1 block away. If you are a needy person, stay away. You are better off going to a flagged hotel and spend the extra money to be pampered. If you are looking for a place just to store your bags and enjoy what New Orleans has to offer at a reasonable rate then stay at the Ambassador Hotel.  
<Date>May 20, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>map wanted where do i even begin? there are only two positive things to say about the ambassador...our valet guy and the restaurant located next door. we requested a non-smoking room and ended up in a room that reeked of stale cigarettes. the night staff were rude, as was the person that checked our bags. there was a hidden mandatory $4.95 fee for phone usage. we didn't require nor want this, but were told that we had to pay it anyway. the room size was adequate, once we found it. our room number was not posted anywhere on the signs, and was located off the beaten path. there were water stains on the walls, and mildew on the shower curtains. the blinds were gappy, so you had the street lights in your face all night long. the french quarter and bourbon street are not right around the corner. they were over 4 blocks away. overall, i suggest you stay somewhere else.  
<Date>May 20, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Shady I'd be careful with this hotel. I cancelled a reservation, was told all was fine, it's taken care of. A week and a half later a charge for this hotel shows up on my credit card. I called back to say that the reservation had been cancelled and they tell me that they have no record of me cancelling the reservation, you'll have to pay. So I'm responsible for someone not doing her job.  
<Date>May 18, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Got Bugs??? The room service advertised is a joke...unless you like greasy Mexican food. The cleaning in the rooms was horrible; barely vacuumed or dusted in almost 2 weeks of staying there and the bathroom was just barely cleaned everyday. The management is lacking and not too interested in customer service. My roommate was chewed up by some bugs in her bed and was left with huge welts that itched and oozed. Since it was booked through Expedia.com, there was nothing that they would do except take off the mandatory $4.95 phone surcharge (although that was pretty cool, since all local and continental long distance charges were included in that).It was a big disappointment from start to finish.  
<Date>May 3, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Take Care OK, if you get an outside room. Not very attractive if you are in the room with no windows. After we changed to a room with a window to the daylight our attitude improved. The staff is not to concerned about what you are concerned about either. But a great location and a good price, just remember you get what you pay for...  
<Date>Apr 27, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Soujourner
<Content>Caution! I booked a room with the Ambassador and learned upon arrival they did not have my room reservation. I had used the AAA Tour Book for their number and subsequently learned I had been booked at another hotel.At one time , the French Quarter Courtyard, nearly 5 miles away, and the Ambassador , were sister hotels. They split approx. 8 months ago. I used the phone # in the AAATour Book , that used to be shared by both. When I said I had made my reservation for the Ambassador, the blah, smile-less staff picked up the phone,called the Courtyard and learned my reservation was with them. I had been dropped already by the airport shuttle and was exhausted. They had no rooms and shrugged saying there was nothing they could do.A $16 taxi and half hour later I arrived at the French Quarter Courtyard . There, I found a kind woman named Rose behind the counter who reassured me everything would be alright. My room's toilet ran all night, the towel rack was rusted through, the suite chairs sank when sat in, yet the bed was extremely clean and comfortable. On a good note, when I talked with management at the French Quarter the next day , stating I felt deceived by not knowing of the duality of phone numbers, an adjustment was made to my room rate.And the location was 5 blocks from everything and on the bus line.Just a note of caution.Peace.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RiversideGator
<Content>A Good Deal In A Good Location I stayed at the Ambassador Hotel from April 6-10 and was worried having read some of the previous reviews. I must say that I was pleasantly surprised. The hotel is not a Ritz Carlton, but you shouldnt expect this if paying on average $100 per night or less. I would say the hotel is comparable to a Holiday Inn or other 3 star hotel. The positives: Close to French Quarter without being in all that mess and a block and a half from Harrah's Casino. The negatives: Rooms fairly small and paint job in our room looked as if they began to repaint and stopped halfway. Still, our room was very clean, the sheets and towels were changed daily and the bathroom was restocked with towels, soap and shampoo every day. Even the furniture was tasteful. The bottom line is this was a good deal and those who complain either (a) are complainers generally or (b) normally stay at much nicer places.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great spot, great rate, great effort! Just returned from stay for French Quarter Fest. As we arrived, a bus was dropping off a full load of European students to stay at the hotel. Despite the sudden rush, we were checked in cheerfully and quickly. Everyone went out of their way. Location is great for getting to (or away from) Quarter craziness or Garden District, and Warehouse area has its own charm and eateries. Room was comfortable and quiet, if a bit dark. Bandito's off the lobby great for delicious breakfast with no wait (!) or tequila any time. We'd recommend the Ambassador to anyone traveling to NoLa for biz or pleasure...  
<Date>Apr 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never Again! My boyfriend and I stayed here last weekend. We go to New Orleans a lot, and have stayed in several different hotels all over the city. Some good, some bad. The Ambassador HAS to be the worst hotel I have ever stayed at, anywhere!!! The room that we stayed in faced an alley where we awoke to the sound of a garbage truck at 5:30 every morning. In fact, we awoke to everything- the walls are paper thin. We take our sound machine with us everywhere we go and it could not even help block out the noises. There are no curtains on the windows so the light would come pouring through the blinds in the morning. The bed was really two twin mattresses put together. The sheets were stained, torned, and scratchy. There was no water pressure in the shower. The hardwood floor was covered in some sort of sticky film that stuck to the bottoms of your feet. The hallways look like they are in the middle of being remodeled. There was furniture and mattresses lying around everywhere. When we tried to switch rooms, we were met with attitude from the front desk woman and were told that was not possible, due to the holel being at full capacity. That's fine, just don't be rude about it. My advice would be to stay far away from this place!  
<Date>Apr 11, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't let the bad reviews scare you away!! My co-worker and I were booked into the Ambassador by our employer for a convention this April. We were excited because this hotel sounded quaint and unique but the bad reviews really worried us. Every staff member at the hotel was very helpful. The desk clerks were friendly. We had housekeeping service every day which included fresh towels!! We had plenty of hot water and good water pressure. The only night that was noisy was the last night we were there but it didn't keep me awake. New Orleans is a night town and that's when the fun is. It's an easy walk to the French Quarter and the convention center and it's only a couple of blocks to the trolley and city bus stops. This hotel was built in an old coffee warehouse so it has some old things but we certainly enjoyed our stay and would stay there again!! Beware of the concierge because they want you to book your tours the monute you check in. Don't!! There's lots of free tours and you'll want to explore so that you know what you really want to do.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great old hotel in a great location I stayed at the Ambassador a week ago and had a wonderful time! I did have one of the infamous windowless rooms (the hotel is an old renovated warehouse of sorts) but the ambiance of the authentic New Orleans decor (exposed brick, high ceilings, wood floors) made it almost seem like being in old France. The hotel is located close to everything there is in New Orleans and a close stumble to Bourbon St. I found the valet staff to be prompt and friendly even though they were busy and the front desk staff was quick to attend to any request with a smile. I am definetly staying at this hotel next time I am in New Orleans, and I am curious to see how wonderful the renovations will turn out!  
<Date>Apr 7, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This is one place I'd avoid in the future!! The place looks good on the outside, but that's where it ends and trouble begins. The first room we were given was occupied when we entered with our key. This was very embarassing for all concerned. Second room, or was it a closet, was so small and had no window. I would not put my dog in this room. The third room was not much better. The room looked like it had been through the war. Walls were filthy, bedding was nasty, room was dirty and the place was not clean and neat. The tile in the bath was all nasty with mold and the clean towels had hairs on them. The A/C did not work properly. Even at heavy check-in and check-out times, there was only one valet person. The rooms are small and very cheaply furnished. The bed was falling apart and the furniture was peeling off it's faux finish. The hallways and common areas looked like they were in the middle of a renovation that was never finished. The desk staff was rude and did not care much about their guests.I would avoid this place totally. There is nothing even close to positive that could make up for this place. Don't be fooled by a lower nightly rate. They always have their daily resort fee to add to your bill and the valet parking too. Spend a few bucks more and get a clean, safe, and decent room at another hotel.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great for the price For $69 per night, one should not expect a four or five star experience. However, my four nights at the Ambassador in March 2005 were devoid of any problems. After check-in, I never needed assistance from the staff. The room was clean and actually somewhat charming. The renovations that were going on did not affect me one bit, my room was completely quiet and comfortable. The location was excellent for the price. I would definately stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2005
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>kahng
<Content>One of the worst hotels I've ever stayed in. This is without a doubt the worst hotel we have stayed in. The service was horrible and room was miserable. Service: The gentleman was very friendly at check in. We were given a room on the third floor in the Lafeyette section. When we got off the elevator, there was a strong smell of paint, which carried into our room. We later asked the front desk for an air purifier. The women informed me that the room was painted two weeks ago (she didn't seem to believe me about the smell) and said they would have a air purifier brought to our room. It never showed up. A lightbulb was out in the bathroom making it a bit dark. We asked the front desk to have the bulb replaced, it was never done. One evening, we came back and our room had been cleaned. However, housekeeping did not leave us any towels. We told the person at the front desk (who did not apologize) and she asked us if we were going back to our room (i.e., can we take the towels back). We had several friends with us who also stayed at the Ambassador and they had similarly poor service. One couple's reservation was given away by day shift staff. Another couple had difficulties chaning their room (see below). Rooms: The room itself was okay. However, the walls were very thin resulting in being able to hear everything in the hallway (including the housekeeping staff talking to each other) and the people next door (as if they were in our room). Our room was on the third floor (Lafeyette section) near the elevator. We heard a brief, loud buzzing noise throughout the weekend. We finally figured out our last morning that the buzz was a result of someone pressing the elevator call button, which MANY people do. Our friends' first room did not have a working telephone and their room also smelled of paint (worse than ours). Some of their electrical fixtures did not work.Overall, this hotel was absolutely terrible (although New Orleans is great).  
<Date>Mar 21, 2005
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Decent Hotel but Staff Needs Some Improvement. My girlfriend and I stayed here for a week in Feb, 2004. It is definitely a no-frills environment but I didn't find it as awful as most reviewers seem to have.The room was adequate in size, the bed was comfortable and the bathroom was a tight squeeze but clean. We also had no problems with water pressure and/or temperature. Everything worked properly...the TV, lights, fans, etc. We did have one of the infamous non-views though...our window opened onto some sort of air shaft.There was a somewhat disconcerting episode with a fire alarm one night though. The alarm sounded sometime after 1am and the fire department arrrived on site. Guests just sort of wandered into the halls and eventually down to the lobby. The hotel staff never made any sort of announcement that all was OK or that there should be an evacuation. There was no information given at all. They were all standing near the front doors or out in the street by the firefighting vehicles. I (somewhat jokingly) compared it to the crew of a cruise liner abandoning ship and leaving the passengers behind. Luckily it was a false alarm.In terms of customer service the staff was adequate...the bellman was particulary good. We had housekeeping service every day unlike some reviewers. But the fire alarm incident cast a huge shadow of doubt over the staff's ability to handle any sort of emergency.This is a decent hotel to use if you are on a tight budget and/or don't plan on spending a lot of time in your room.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A little service could go a long way...but What a disappointment. I was really looking forward to my stay because their web site looked awesome. The rates are very reasonable but it's the perfect you get what you pay for situation. When we arrived there was no bell person and the front desk staff were so rude I was shocked. The room was nicely furnished small and dark and kind of cozy, but it smelled like skunk! The cleaning staff showed up once in a while and any requests from the front desk were completely ignored.I found the restaurant quite OK with friendly, efficient staff.However, if yoy need snack food or juice bring it with you because there are very few stores or casual restaurants in the immediate area.This place mostly needs to get some new staff. It might make up for all the little defenciencies.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2005
<Rating>2	4	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We will be back! My friend  I stayed at the Ambassador....WHAT A DEAL! The location was great, close to everything  the Staff was wonderful, especially the Front Desk! Although our room was not ready when we arrived (8 am) the Front Desk staff was friendly  courteous, had our luggage stored  suggested several great places for us to see until check in. Our room had 2 queen size beds, hardwood floors and a ceiling fan that gave us a true New Orleans experience. We will definatley return to the Ambassador!  
<Date>Mar 11, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>deliaelbaum
<Content>TERRIBLE! TERRIBLE! TERRIBLE! DO NOT STAY HERE. I actually gave this place two tries and nearly got fired because of this place. For the story please continue reading....I stayed here about 6 months ago on business and it was under construction. Of course no one mentioned this to me as I made t he reservation! the place was down to its rafters. I never got maid service, the restaurant was closed, elevator didn't work. When i complained the house keeping manager assured me that things were on the way up. New owners and a new resaurant was on its way. To please give us another chance.Then 3 months later i was put in charge of organizing my company's trip to New Orleans for a convention. I called the above manager and told him my situation. I asked if they were done renovating and i was very specific siting the elevators and restaurant. I decided to give the place another chance because it is VERY CLOSE TO THE CONVENION CENTER and a decent price ($129 when everything else was sold out)It was terrible. The front desk is down right ignorant and rude. They cancelled the founder of my company's room because they overbooked. (i had to give up mine) We all got rooms with no windows! My CEO switched hotels and was furious at me because they treated him so badly. And the hall we were on was not even painted! And WE FOUND A FLYING ROACH IN A COWORKERS ROOM. I went to the same manager and of course there was nothing he could do.You will never find worse service then at the Ambassador and dont believe anyone when they tell you they are now under new management.....  
<Date>Mar 4, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not worth it I really shouldn't complain too much about this one because of the price, however, I will. In fact, it was one of the reasons we stayed. However, there are a few things to give you a heads up on. 1 - front desk staff need customer service training. There were two who were decent and I dare to say helpful. The other one looked as though she didn't even want to be there and didn't know how to operate the hotel's computer system. 2 - The hotel recently went through renovations - rustic and charming - however in Room 328 you could see the insulation between the wooden planks and there was a lot of chipped paint. My group also stayed in room 130 in which the floor was slanted so much that the bed tilted. And the doorknob to the bathroom was falling off. The worse was waking up in the middle of the night to a bed bug - yup - a bed bug. I couldn't sleep the rest of the night. On the plus side - the hotel is located only 1/2 block from Mother's.My advice - if you can afford it - stay somewhere else and walk the extra blocks to Mother's  
<Date>Mar 3, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No real value. I recieved what we thought was a good rate from hotels. We loved the location, but no one told us the room would have no windows. It was small, cramped and with only one bed when we asked for 2. (Apparently there are some 2 bed rooms in the bldg but none were available, so.. sorry.) And then there was the roach in the bathroom ... but it was a small one.It was convenient to the convention center and the French Quarter, but I felt cheated. I felt the value wasn't so great since we were so short on space. If you don't mind being claustrophobic then it might be a great value for you. Our room might have been a comfortable size for one person if you don't mind guessing what the weather is in the morning.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>kenito799
<Content>no problems, OK I stayed here April 2004. Main advantage: easy walk to either the Convention Center or the French Quarter, perfect location if you are there for a convention. My room was on the inside with no exterior windows. Odd, but very dark and quiet. If you get a good price and you aren't planning to spend a lot of time in your room it's a decent place to stay.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KansasCity
<Content>Be very wary. I had a reservation here for 160.00/night for 4 nights in late April 2005 through worldres. The next day I received an email stating the hotel had cancelled my reservation and were not honoring it. Apparently the management at the Ambassador did not feel theyhad gouged us deep enough. STAY ELSEWHERE. This management is not to be trusted.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An Overpriced Dump! I asked the front desk for a non-down pillow as I'm allergic to feathers where they told me it wasn't a problem. Two days later housekeeping still hadn't delivered them. I called the front desk where the attendant rudely told me they have only down pillows and don't own any other kind and thought she hung up the phone on me. The attendant must not have put the phone back in the cradle correctly because the next thing I heard her say was, This ain't Burger King, they can't have it their way. Where do they think they're staying asking for another kind of pillow? At this I went down to the front desk where the front desk attendant apologized for her words and said she'd send up some blankets to use instead of pillows.Housekeeping was spotty and didn't bother to clean the room two of the four days of our stay.The cover to the air conditioner fell off and boy was it dirty underneath. I couldn't get it back on. Houskeeping did not attempt to put the cover back in place even on the days they made the bed.The staff was rude and do not care about your business. Your money would be better spend staying anywhere other than this place.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't stay there! I could hardly sleep! It sounded like the people in the next room were in my room with me. It has quaint wooden floors that aggravate the problem. I could hear my neighbors talking, opening drawers, etc. Also, the metal doors won't just shut, they have to be slammed! The hotel itself is fairly shabby, although they say they are doing a limited facelift. Most of the employees are at the least unfriendly and not very helpful.  One good thing is that it is close to the quarter, casino, etc. I'm from New Orleans originally, and I cannot honestly recommend this hotel.   
<Date>Feb 11, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Extremely Disappointing This hotel has declined significantly in the past two years. I was here in 2003 and had an excellent stay. Unfortunately, the same cannot be said of 2005. There has been a SIGNIFICANT loss in service. The basic essentials of a hotel have been ignored -- no hot water, little water pressure, broken tiles in the floor of the bath room, flithy rooms, unacceptable house cleaning (beds were not made for two days despite requests to do so), and TERRIBLE customer service. I have traveled all over the world and have stayed in a wide variety of hotels -- good and bad. I regret to report that this hotel has now topped my list as the WORST HOTEL IN THE WORLD. I hope that they get their act together -- I've seen how good this hotel can be... it's far from it now. :-(  
<Date>Feb 6, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>juliastarr72
<Content>worht it only if your not planning on being there My husband and I spent 2 nights there recently. Not much to really say about it. The valet did'nt seem to even want to be there (michael). I was aware of the reviews, but we were'nt planning on spending much time in the room and we got it for only 55.00. It's not woth more than that. I did ask for a room with windows, we got 3. So that was nice. From what I understand, we got one of the nicer rooms. As soon as you walk in, there's a bed and the bathroom is right around the corner. Bathroom did work. After drinking all night, it was used often!! It was clean, and it served its purpose. I'm fine with alot of hotels-depending on if i'm really spending time in them. I'm not really that picky-unless i'm spending alot of money. I would'nt spend more than 55 bucks on it, though. All in all don't expect much and you won't be dissapointed. Downside-my wallet was stolen-upside I got it back at 6:00 in the morning from the front desk. email me with any questionsjulia  
<Date>Feb 2, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dissapointed in the Ambassador New OrleansAmbassador Hotel, New Orleans, LAJan. 27,2005Just returned from the Ambassador Hotel in New Orleans and overall was disapointed. The web site gives the impression that renovations have been completed. We stayed in the Lafayette Wing and construction was in progress the entire time we were there. There are ecology reminders about water use in the bath and bedroom so when the water wasn't very hot in the morning I thought that the temperature was turned down in order to conserve. However, in the evening the water was hot. On our last morning there was no hot water. I went to the desk at 8:oo a m to complain and was told the problem would be attended to. At 10:30 the water was still cold. I think that this will be a nice hotel in the future but, for the time being, people should be aware there are still renovations being done and the experience is dissapointing.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Have a little bran and relax I nearly peed my pants from an earlier review complaning about the partying people all day and all night outside the hotel. You were not visiting the Vatican, but New Orleans.I last stayed here on December 9th for two nights. As usual, I requested a room on the Lafayette side with a window. The rooms on that side are huge with mahogany beds. A little different than the rest of the rooms. you just need to know and ask.It's a nice, unpretentious hotel with high, brick exposed walls. True, they are still renovating, but the lobby and restaurant (completed) look great.Take my advice and stay here. Just ask for a room with a view.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>aver
<Content>Comfortable  I had a pleasant experience at the Ambassador this weekend. Our room was comfortably furnished (good pillows). The high ceilings made it feel particularly spacious. We asked for a room with a view and the only problem was some difficulty opening the blinds. We were also checked in promptly even though we arrived well before check in. The shower curtain liner was perhaps not immaculate, but acceptable. We found the location excellent as we were able to walk to the River Walk, Cafe du Monde and Bourbon Street easily and through well-lit areas. I would recommend this for both comfort and value.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2005
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>aimeenola
<Content>A Room With No View If you're looking for a room with no window, a toilet that overflows, and a swan towel holder with no head...This is the place for you.What a ripoff! Looks great from the outside, but don't judge a book by its cover. If you decide to book, please ask for a window...who knew?  
<Date>Jan 12, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The worst vacation spot of my life!!!! Beware!!!! From the web site and pictures it looked wonderful, but beware of this place. We were there for Christmas and it was horrible. Chairs line the hallways as the place is under renavation. It would have been nice to know this ahead of time. But the worst part is that we spent the night freezing. The heater didn't work. The next day we talked to the desk and they said that they would have it fixed. We were gone for most of the day and got back to freeze again. Then they acted like we were putting them out when we asked for extra blankets. They finally brought us one thin blanket. The next day an hour before we checked out they fixed the heat. They never even apologized. We were in room 139, it is a corner room with windows on two sides. It actually snowed in New Orleans while we were there and with all those windows it got really cold. Another thing about that room is you are right on the street and the noise is horrible. Lots of people traveling down the road all night long and lots of people walking by talking at all hours of the night.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Love the city. Hate the Hotel I've had similar experiences with some of the reviews I've read. First of all. This was suppose to be a relaxing experience for me. I haven't had a vacation in over 3 years. I came down to New Orleans to watch the Sugar Bowl with my gf and some buddies. First night we arrive at the ambassador hotel to find that one of my buddies did not get the right room. He had requested a double bed room, but they only had 1 bed rooms left. This was the case for a number of people in the lobby. Finally, my buddy left and went to the StayBridge Suites right beside the ambassador and paid 10 dollars more a night and the room was 5 times better. We got to our room in the ambassador and walked into a windowless room, one set of towels, and an unflushable toilet. Maintenence came and fixed the toilet and we got towels about 2 hours after we requested them. GREAT SERVICE! Also, you can, hear people as if they are in your room. Not only that...they have hardwood floors, so you can hear people walking all night long! I didn't sleep the first night, second night actually I didn't sleep at all except for the time I went and stayed with my buddy at the Staybridge Suites. Why didn't I go to a different hotel you ask?? Because everywhere else was booked. Trust me I would have in a heart beat. Speak to David Smith if you decide to stay there. He was very helpful with me. He limited me to 2 questions and left. Do yourself a favor and stay somewhere else other then this rats nest.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel Value Great Place to stay in a Great City!!! Having stayed at hotels all over the world, this was one of the best three night stays of all. The staff was cordial and help with every small request. The revovating of the hotel will create a problem for those who let it. As to noise, the room we had was no noiser that those we have had in any big city especially one that has a night activites rate as high as NO. THe Big easy is a Late Night Town and there will be outside noise. So hotel snobs that is how it is. Gerald and the Staff are great, we will be back and the hotel can only get better as the renovation is completed and the dust dies down.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrible experience! We booked a room at the Ambassador BEFORE I read all the bad reviews on TripAdvisor. It really is as bad as people say! We checked in on Friday December 3 and checked out Sunday December 5, as soon as we could get a room in another hotel. All close to the Convention Center were booked or we would have checked out Saturday. We got one of the windowless rooms. The window in the room looked out on an interior hallway, with an extremely bright light and the blinds let excessive light in the room. We must have been over the restaurant. When you opened the door of our room the food smell was overwhelming. It made you sick it was so strong. So between the light, the noise and the smell we had two nights of very little sleep. We asked for an extra pillow, only to be told they didn't have any. To add insult to injury, when we received our credit card bill, they had double charged us. Charged us for the first two nights and then charged us for all the nights we had originally reserved. This is still being resolved. Consequently our credit card had hundreds of dollars charged to it that are bogus. We checked out on Sunday and spent 4 nights at Embassy Suites(which was only $20 or $30 more a night) but was like stepping up to heaven. We stayed in the Lofts of the Embassy Suites and had an incredible suite and service. To be honest, I wouldn't stay in the Ambassador again if they gave us a FREE ROOM!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>toddhart13
<Content>Excellent Value and Location!!! I was very hesitant to book and stay at this hotel because of all the poor reviews I have read. We had a group of 34 people staying in 10 rooms and each and everyone one of use had a great experience at the Ambassador. The rooms were very nice, the restaurant and lobby construction is completed. The location is not bad at all. And the price was really nice. We stayed there from December 30 thru January 2. If you are looking for a good hotel at a good price, I would recommend the Ambassador.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Noise, surprise fees, headaches, no sleep My wife and I just returned from our first visit to New Orleans. We love the city and I'm sure we will return, we will not, however, stay at the Ambassador. Upon check-in we found that we had been given the famous windowless room with the toilet pipe by the bed... we asked for a new room with a window however that one's window looked out on a brick wall six inches away! We were constantly awakened by noises as though conversations were happening right in our room. We got maybe two or three hours of decent sleep a night and sleep is important with all of the fun things to do in town. Then, upon check-out, with a prepaid internet reservation mind you, I was told I still owed 15 dollars for a phone fee that is a joke, the phone calls cost a dollar each never mind that I couldn't get the phone to work anyways and this fee is evidently for the luxury of having a phone in the room???? This hotel needs to get real about serious soundproofing, serious staff training, and the bad business practice of phantom fees showing up upon checkout. Oh yeah, no fruit with the continental breakfast either.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bad experience! Our hotel experience was horrible. We paid for free valet parking. The parking lot was full and the hotel would not give us free parking. We had to pay to park! The guy at the hotel desk was rude and did not handle the situation in a professional way. The hotel room was pretty, but there was not a lot of lighting and the window to the hotel showed the hallway, not outside. The air in the room was very stuffy. We did not sleep well at all. We will NEVER stay at the Ambassador again.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2004
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>tooltimeterry
<Content>Our favorite hotel in New Orleans My wife and I first stayed here on spur of the moment visit to New Orleans. We had no reservations when we got to N/O and all we had was a discount pamlet from the welcome center for hotels. After alot of looking we finally found a room at the Ambassador. The secured parking was free (at that time), there was a free breakfast, a nice room with high ceilings, a large king bed and the best coffee I've had. The hotel is an old converted coffee warehouse. Being the son of a contractor I found the construction unique. The staff was very professinal and helpful. Lucky me, all this for $49 a night! I liked it so much we've been back twice since then at the regular rates. One thing though... The hotel is built with 2 major style rooms. Facing the enterance of the hotel, the ones on the left side are much better.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>annaandolsek
<Content>Bar and restaurant closed for renovation We stayed here the week before Halloween, and I was dreading the state of the hotel when I read the previous reviews. Here's what I experienced. We had the corner room on the main street so it was very noisy at night with the traffic passing over the newly cobbled streets. It was also very bright due to the street lamps shining in the windows despite the black venetian blinds. We had a high ceiling with windows on 2 sides which was great for the view from the 2nd floor though! They were redoing the lobby, bar and restaurant which was a pain but we ventured out into the warehouse district and skipped the French Quarter. There are some great restaurants and bars round there, and it was cool to explore this developing area.I didn't here any noise from inside the hotel, but I guess since our room was over the bar and restaurant, once they opened it could be noisy. There was some confusion over valet parking as to whether it was included in our booking over the internet - one guy at the desk said it didn't when I telephoned before and yet when we arrived we were told we were allowed free valet parking - it's $20 a day so it tempered our decision to hire a car. Our room was cleaned every day.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2004
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Passenger2
<Content>Cheap and not very Chic. This is not a good hotel. The location is fine and makes it just a short walk to many of the attractions. The front lobby/entrance is noisy and disorganized, I found it quite unpleasant. Our room not have a window, however we did have a large black pipe running through the bedroom from ceiling to floor which was conveniently located right alongside the bed ... of course the gurgles (and our giggles - we have a good sense of humor) did much to keep us awake most of the night. Somehow I don't think that we will be staying there again.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>AMBASSADOR HOTEL, NEW ORLEANS Please be advised when booking at this hotel to request a room with a window. Ours did not have one and the door into the room was the only way out. Had there been a fire my husband and I would have been dead. I am wondering how these rooms ever passed code. The inexpensive rates and free parking were not bargain enough for the potential danger.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't know why this hotel has bad reviews here, I loved it! I was honestly scared to death when I read the reviews for the Ambassor but when we got there I loved it! We ended up getting there at like one in the morning and even though they only had one king bed for four people they brought us a pull out right away and it was very comfy. The place is very urban artsy and it was fun how the walls were brick and exposed. The bathtub was huge and so was the sink area and there were plenty of towels. The bed was also very nice as it had a real thick comforter on there not those cheap thin kind. As for the front desk, the night lady was rude but the morning staff was great and they even let us keep our bags in storage the day we went home so we could spend the day in town and still valet our car. The hotel was also very quiet so we could sleep extra late. And the location! We could walk to Harrah's, bourban and st. charles street and it's right down the block from mother's the best place to eat in new orleans! We could go everywhere with no problem. It also wasn't scary at all walking around as the hotel was in a good location. All in all for the price it was fabulous and we are definitly coming back.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No Problems, good price. I was a bit concerned after I had booked my room at the Ambassador for a convention-- I read on line reviews and thought that I'd made a mistake.I've stayed at many hotels all over the world, and the Ambassador isn't the best I've stayed at, but it sure isn't the worst.Some of the issues other people have had, and what I actually found:Noise: Yep. It's noisy. It is a renovated warehouse, so soundproofing isn't built into it. Bring ear plugs. I do no matter where I stay. Dirty: Lobby and hall areas are under renovation, carpets are dirty, but in the process of being replaced. Room was fine. Sticky floors isn't due to dirt or yucky stuff, but a high laquer poly finish-- walking on it with bare feet and a slightly humid climate will make it feel sticky. Trust me, it's not strawberry jelly ;)House keeping: House keeping came every day. There is a sign on the sink and bed explaining the need to conserve water-- if you want the bed changed every day-- don't leave the little sign on the bed. You want clean towels, throw the dirty ones on the floor. Hey, I don't change my sheets every day at home, I don't need them changed every day at a hotel. Water conservation is important-- use the towels more than once.Crappy service: When I checked in I was told there was a DSL line in my room, with the ethernet cable. I got to the room, no cable. I called down to the desk and got someone that told me I had to buy my own, which I thought was bull. Next day I visited the desk in person, spoke with Josh and Raelynn (I think the names are right) and they hunted one up for me-- no charge. Hotel staff informed me that they are in the process of going wireless in the whole hotel. Currently lobby has wireless internet-- worked fine.Remote control: Changed the channels, but didn't turn off the tv or control the volume. I don't care, I can get off of my lazy butt-- plus I'm not really into tv anyway. Come on, this is New Orleans-- get out and DO something!In summary-- The Ambassador is a mid-priced hotel, in a conveinent location. It is nothing fancy, but is a good place to lay your head at night. I'd like to see a comfortable chair in the room, as well as a good reading light. Bring and ethernet cable if you want to get on line, and be aware that the in room safe is small, my 12 Powerbook barely fit in it. If you want a hotel that his totally consistant, try a Motel 6. I want something a little different, and The Ambassador fits the bill just fine.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2004
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never Again! Pros: Free Parking, Low Rate.Cons: Major construction in lobby, very hot! Automatic $5/per day phone charge and the phones never worked right! Paper thin walls, very noisy. Roaches in room. Mold on shower/tub tile. Bathroom ceiling leaked for 24 hrs, I had to catch the water in a wastebasket and keep emptying it. 5$ for Continental breakfast, stale bagels and warm coffee, yeak! Bottom Line: There are TONS of cool places to stay in New Orleans ... stay at one of them, NOT the Ambassador.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SheWhoWanders
<Content>HORRIBLE PLACE - AVOID!!! This place was a disaster! My room had peeling paint/wallpaper, mold clumps on the bathroom ceiling that were over 4 inches in diameter, a non-working tv remote, a shower that dripped all night and squealed when you used it, and a glass entry door (very unsafe feeling for a single female). The fronk desk staff were rude, extremely slow and overall presented an unhelpful attitude. For example, I approached a female about the soda machine not working and she rolled her eyes and told me call the number on the machine if you like. The housekeeping staff that I encountered as I was leaving were the only people that greeted me in a friendly manner. I stayed one night and it was way too long; I moved down the street to the Doubletree - it was excellent. If you want a dive with horrible customer service, the Ambassador Hotel is the place for you.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2004
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bad luck at Ambassador We had quite a few problems. It took about 4 phone calls to get directions once we arrived in town. When I did get them, they weren accurate. I was lucky to just happen upon the place. The bellman/doorman was ut?so I had to unload my car by myself. I wasn even offered a cartust many trips from the car to the room. Also, we asked for an extra blanket. . .there were none. Oops! No remote control (and the t.v. wouldn work manually). They weren sure if they could come up with one (although they did and the engineer that brought it was very kind). The ice machine didn work; the charming hardwood floors were covered in icky carpet. The restaurant it once had is no longer in existence. I asked to contact the manager or owner and was told that the owner was new. His name was Richard, but no one knew how to contact him. . .Upon check out, I was charged more than what was confirmed; HOWEVER when I told the day clerk our troubles and that we did not intend to pay extra for it, she handled everything quickly and apologetically. The day clerk seemed to be more in the know than the evening clerk. It was a shame. I could not/would not recommend this place. Good luck if you go. Maybe youl have better luck.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2004
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worst Place On earth!!! If you are thinking about staying at the Ambassador Hotel in New orleans, Don't. This was the worst vacation experience we had ever experienced. We booked online, showed up late after a long drive, had to pay and park across the street, when we were suppost to have free valet, checked in and the disappointment continued, Very unprofessional staff, the room was disgusting, huge stains in the carpet, stained and yellowing pillows, air cond. unit was falling off the wall, and the bathtub was stained. Was apologized to and then offered another room next door that was being worked on and didn't have a toilet or shower/tub. I immediately showed my disgust and checked out being promised that there would be no charges. This left us to drive the streets of new orleans at 1:00a.m. to find another Hotel. Then after returning back to our home four days later we had charges from the Ambassador. I don't know where in the hell they got their 3stars from but I promise you they stole them from someone else.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bob
<Content>Come with no expectations and they will be met! Before staying here come with absolutely no expectations and they will be met. From check in to check out staff showed no signs of being glad we chose the Ambassador. Mold could be seen growing on our tub. Walls seemed to be made of paper as we shared in most of our neighboring rooms conversations and laughter until 3:00 in the am. Staff did have them turn down their TV about 2:00am, how do you control how loud people talk? Our last night a drunk tried coming into our room!! They are renovating this old coffee warehouse, you would think the staff would work extra hard for guests - not. Back at home now - if you are looking for a place to stay in New Orleans there are over two hundred better than the Ambassador and just as close to all the excitment this beautiful city has to offer.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2004
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>5 Points for trying The review prior my review had to be written by an employee at that hotel. First of all it sounds as if they're advertising the hotel oppose to commenting on a stay. Secondly, the hotel has pontential but at the moment major, major problems. I love gambling therefore I'll stay only because Harrahs' is right there, as far as Bourbon St. I had to take a taxi there, so no it isn't within walking distance. Services are extremely terrible and not so friendly but what I care I'm only there to take a nap inbetween gambling. The nicer hotels in the area $100 and up with great services and great rooms. The Ambassador $49 I really don't care what kind of services I recieve I was only there to nap. How-ever I would like to warn vacationing guest what to expect when arriving. Unfriendly front desk staff, poor house keeping if you stay longer than 2 nights you're guaranteed to recieve towels no sooner great concierge services only if you're tipping or booking a tour. There are your options choose wisely.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good experience at the Ambassador I wasn't sure what to expect after reading the poor reviews. My husband and I stayed there for one weeknight in July and am glad to report we had a good experience. (It's definitely not the place to stay if you are looking for a corporate hotel.) This unique building once served as an office building for a coffee company. For this it has certain character reflected in its structure and decor. Our experience lent good service, a good rate, comfortable room and bedding, and best of all, great a/c. (Note-within the surrouding area, it's my opinion that overall retail customer service is not at its best and not what I'm used to. I would be more inclined to think it's due to the native social culture rather than the merchant. ) Don't forget this hotel is within good walking distance of Bourbon St, the Riverwalk, and Harrah's casino.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Has potential, but missed the mark. We booked over the internet and got a great deal, under $50.The lobby was interesting, but the wall behind the front desk looked like some kids tried to cover old wallpaper with black paint and texture. The elevator was a little scary. When you look down you can see the basement all lit up with spooky lamps and all the trash that falls. The walls were clean in the halls, but the carpets seemed a bit stained and unclean. The room was nice, once we could get the door open. We were on the third floor in 325. Two big windows and wood floors. Our safety lock and deadbolt barely worked and only if you slammed the door very hard. There was a hole in the floor by the window, termite damage. We blocked it with a piece of luggage so our children wouldn't get hurt. There was mold on the beautiful exposed brick, but the linens were very clean. More termite damage was evident in the morning when one of our sons moved the curtain back and a baseboard crumbled. No one was hurt though, yet! Later that evening one son cut his foot badly on an exposed nailhead on the old wood floor. I went to the desk to ask for a first aid kit and no one knew anything. I got two bandages and was immediately dismissed. Not very compassionate. Our water pressure was fine, but there was mold in the bathroom. I loved the tile and wrought iron in the bathroom though. Just a little more work and the hotel could have some serious charm. We had no problems with housekeeping or valet. We didn't use the restaurant, but it looked more like a bar from what we could see. Probably won't get back to this place any time soon, but I hope they can fix it up.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Slums of New Orleans This was the worst hotel I have ever stayed in and not even worth staying there if it were offered for free. The staff were the rudest, nastiest, not even close to being people friendly. I would rather stay in a tent. Ordering food is hit or miss. They serve some people food and others they turn away. Anyone giving this hotel a decent review must live in a cave. It is barely a step above cave living. Do your research. Very dissappointed.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2004
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Disappointed This was the worst hotel I have ever stayed at. The staff is not very helpful with requests. We requested a refrigerator in advance. I reminded the staff when I checked in. I overheard the staff member tell the other staff member good luck in finding one. The hotel room floor is very sticky and dirty. Our brand new socks were white after walking across the room our socks were black. Our trash was emptied only when they felt like it. The beds were made on occassion. We had no fresh towels-we used the same ones daily. They said housekeeping was to come in each day. The bed I slept in had a soggy mattress. The windows were dirty. The lighting in the rooms was very poor. We came back from a very long day to a room that was not made. Our trash from the night before was still there. The hotel desk clerk said they were supposed to clean each day. She said she would send someone up and no one came not even just to take out our trash and give us fresh towels. We reserved a taxi the day before and they did not know why it did not show up in time. For a hotel to have a 3-star rating gives this hotel too high of a rating. Service is very poor.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jackieharpo
<Content>third time we stayed!! 30 June -5th July 04This is the third time we stayed here. We always attend the essence Music Festival so the hotel is centrally located for the Convention centre (approx 5 minutes walk away) and a nice pleasnt walk to the Superdome for the evening concerts.The rooms are variable but you need to ask for a 'deluxe room' as this has a window and is large, with two queen beds and very spacious. PROBLEM ONE the hotel is that when it is full as it was for the festival the hot water is not so hot and the air conditioning does not blow as cool as it should. PROBLEM TWO was on the last day the maid did not put towels in our rooms and when asked at reception was promised that they would bet there upon our retrun - no they weren't we had to collect them ourselves.We spent most of the time out of the hotel but the staff were pleasant to us as always (maybe it was the british accent).  
<Date>Jul 15, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>beautiful rooms, great location, but poor staff       hall  
<Date>Jul 14, 2004
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>hated it WE took our kids for a weekend in New Orleans and stayed in this Hotel. I cried when I saw the room.We booked a room with 2 beds, When we get there they had us with 1 bed! (We have 3 kids) well we finally got 2 beds. When we got in the room if you walked to the bathroom the whole floor sunk in. The boards had fell from one of the beds and about 2 in the morning the boards in the bed I was in fell. Well we woke up about 7 and left the room. I would not even rate this hotel a 1.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointed. My husband and I were in New Orleans to get married. The Ambassador had looked charming from photos, but we were honestly quite disappointed.1 - The room had an extremely musty and moldy smell in it.2 - There was no television remote control in our room when we arrived and the television did not work without it. I called the front desk and the gentleman told me one would be brought up. 30 minutes later, I finally called again, only to be told that a remote could not be found for us, and the maintenance man was gone for the night. I asked why a remote wasn't available for all rooms and he stated that maintenance would have to deal with it, and they were not in until the next morning. I was told that maintenance would be in at 8:00am the next morning and would bring a remote up to our room immediately. Next morning, nothing. I called the front desk again around 9:00am, to be told I'll look into it ma'am. No call back again. When we went to leave the hotel at 10:00am, we stopped by the front desk, to be told by a gentleman that maintenance doesn't arrive until later in the day and the night staff should have known this. When we arrived later back that evening, a remote was in our room, thankfully. Still, the staff was not responsive at all to our issues and did not even let us know what was going on without our pestering them.3 - The restaurant in the hotel was open only one day for a few hours in the morning. Whenever we went back to eat there, we were told it wasn't open (this was at all different hours of the day and evening.) The one meal we had there was excellent and a good price, but it was never open after that.I was disappointed in the service from the staff especially. I didn't feel that the hotel was near worth what we paid to stay there.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2004
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Once is Too Much If you enjoy fraternity house decor, you'll love the Ambassador. No extra charge for the beat-up furniture, lightless broom closet rooms and paper thin walls. Hotels like the Ambassador don't count on repeat business. There are much better hotel options in New Orleans.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2004
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>malyko
<Content>Comfortable I thought that this hotel was comfortable. We stayed here because we were traveling with our dog and they accepted pets and because the hotel was also reasonably priced for being within walking distance of the French Quarter. I liked the rooms with windows much better than the ones without. The ones without felt weird. I thought the staff was very friendly and we liked eating breakfast in the restaurant, it was also reasonably priced. I would recommend this hotel if you are looking for a hotel that has a decent restaurant, comfortable rooms (the ones with windows), relaxed atmosphere and is reasonably priced. If you want a true 3+ star hotel this is not the one for you  
<Date>May 25, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Didn't need the valium... I took a valium after reading earlier reviews of this hotel, i.e. the shower was like someone urinating on me when I had already booked the package -- I even tried to cancel the trip. The hotel turned out to be great -- clean streamlined room with hardwoood floors and exposed brick walls, nice bathroom -- no plumbing problems. I've previously stayed at the Sheraton on Canal, the Fairmont, and the W in the French Quarter (now closed) and the Ambassador is my favorite. Well, that's a lie, I loved that W French Quarter but since that one closed, I'd stay at the Ambassador again -- esp. for $59 and that's even the hotel's website price. There seems to be a big range in room quality so ask for another if you don't like what they give you -- saw one at the end of the hall that looked like it had old, bright green carpet. Also peeked into a gorgeous room with huge windows, two double beds and which was at least 3 times larger than my single king. Don't stay here if you're really dazzled by bright floral wallpaper and matching flower pattern bedspreads, and furniture with faux gold trimming a la Louis the XVI -- book a room at the Fairmont, instead. This hotel is the anti Laura Ashley aesthetic -- clean neutral lines with an urban feel.   
<Date>May 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>oimtess
<Content>unique botique Booked through an online service and arrived VERY late; had called ahead to notify front desk that we had been delayed (Natchez dinner cruise had abandoned us and other passengers onshore after a cruise; had to send a car back to get us). When we arrived, we were greeted by name, our room ready, at the rate we expected. Industrial brick walls with exposed pipes and hardwood floors were very loft-New York. TV was large and had great channels. While others have complained about the location, we accept that you will walk a bit during a visit to the French Quarter; we actually found it well located. Within walking distance of everything you want to see, but away from the fray. We laughed at the sounds of the dog in the room next door barking as we passed the room; accepting pets is a nice touch, and as pet owners, it didn't bother us. We did not have the same problems others seemed to have, are did enjoy our stay.  
<Date>May 17, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay Away Come to N'Awlins by all means, but stay away from the Ambassador. We went during the recent Jaxx Qtr Festival. Other than being well-located, the hotel has little else going for it - our promised King Deluxe was replaced with a King at full cost; no hot water for 2 days, very poorly lit, bathroom dirty,e specially mold in shower, ceiling fan half falling off the ceiling; service inattentive and not helpful. I would say, oh well, you get what you pay for, but rooms were not cheap for this soldout weekend, with many better options uptown or in the Qtr  
<Date>Apr 20, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>You get what you paid for. This hotel has drastically changed over the past two years. Me and my wife used to stay there often. This used to be a very nice place to stay. However, things have changed. The rooms are in horrible condition, the walls had toliet paper stuck in them, the bathroom had tiles peeling up from the floor, no hot water and no water pressure and the toliet was not secured to the floor. We even had to be moved when we first arrived as the room they gave us had broken blinds and could not be fixed. They moved us to the last mentioned room. My advice to anyone wanting to stay here is quite simply---DON'T.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The most horrible experience ever!!! I had heard great things about this hotel from friends and family, but I am here to warn you of my most horrible experience ever. Three friends and I booked our reservation through an on-line service. When we checked in, they did not have our two queen beds, but put us in a suite with a king bed and sofa bed. We were content with that until three in the morning when some of the girls were going to sleep. When we pulled out the bed, we noticed the mattress was sunk to the ground. There was only a tarp holding it up. There were also no sheets. We went down to the lobby where no one was behind the desk. After several minutes, a girl reluctantly came to see what we needed. When we told her our problem, she told us there was nothing that she could do. There was no other rooms available and since we had booked our room over the internet, we were out of luck. When we showed her our frustration, to our complete shock,she began SCREAMING at us. I had never in my life witnessed such an unprofessional and rude employee in the hospitality business. After arguing with her, unwillingly she finally began searching the computer to find other rooms. She told us there were 'junior suites' available and gave us two keys to see which one we wanted. After we went searching for the rooms (the layout of the hotel is extremely confusing) we returned to the lobby, but she was not there, so we went and packed up our things. 15 minutes when we returned, she told us she had called security on us since we had taken so long. We were furious! The next morning we spoke with the manager on duty. After telling our story, he simply said 'I'm sorry you feel that way, now I have both sides of your stories.' We were completely shocked and insulted! He never apologized for her behavior, but simply said he had known her a long time and she wouldn't do that. We were not demanding a free room or even a discount, we simply wanted an apology and for someone to know about the extremely unpleasant and unprofessional girl behind the front desk. After we realized we were getting nowhere with this man, I asked to speak with his boss. He handed me his card and said I couldn't speak with him that day because he wasn't there. The next day I spoke with his boss who was extremely apologetic, but offered absolutely nothing for our trouble. I have tried to find out who the owner of this hotel is, but everyone has given me the run around. Not only was the staff completely insulting and rude, the hotel itself had horrible construction and no water pressure. I am in New Orleans many times througout the year, and I will NEVER stay at The Ambassador Hotel ever again!!!  
<Date>Mar 2, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Price Is Right I was very pleased with the service that I recieved during my 4- day stay. The roon was surprisingly big... bigger than the regular rooms at some of the finest hotels in New Orleans. I would reccommend this hotel again.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worst hotel EVER! Very rude staff. The location of the hotel is indeed wonderful. But the staff, especially the front desk staff, was the meanest, most unaccomadating set of hotel workers I've ever met. We had ZERO water pressure both nights, it was like someone was urinating on you. No complimentery breakfast in the morning, and good luck trying to park your car, which is another $25 a night. They don't say that on the phone of course. The did nothing to my bill to offset the unpleasant showering experience, and actually charged me more than what I was told when I booked the hotel. When I argued, the front desk man just told me, Take it up with accounting. What?! Definetly do not stay here.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>alafans
<Content>Great location Spent February 17, 2004 at the Ambassador Hotel in New Orleans.Had little trouble finding the hotel but parking was something different. Ended up parking across the street in a lot that charged almost $15 for the night. We checked into room 234 and immediately had problems with the room. The bed was unmade and dirty towels were on the floor. I contacted the front desk and we were moved to another room, 317, which was awesome! The room had a living room and then a bedroom with a nice bath. Although there were no outside windows, it was great! The hotel is having a problem with the city over water pressure so call before booking a room. Once the water pressure is solved, this will be a great place to stay when visiting the Big Easy!It is located about two blocks from Harrah's casino, several blocks from the D-day museum, and several blocks from the quarter. This hotel isn't completely perfect but it does have a bar and a restarurant. I would definately recommend this hotel to my friends who enjoy traveling!  
<Date>Jan 25, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great bargain On a recent trip to New Orleans, my boyfriend and I decided to stay at the Ambassador hotel. The price was so good that I was a little apprehensive about the quality of the hotel. When we got there we were taken care of by polite staff and quickly got into our room. The room was smaller than a average hotel room, but the very high ceilings along with the hardwood floors really made the room. One side of the room was all windows, which overlooked a sidestreet. This was one of the things I liked most about the room. We had lots of towels, good water pressure, and it was all clean. The bar and restaurant in the hotel was impressive, too. A very nice bartender and a little two man band made it all that much nicer. And for the price we got the room at, we were able to go splurge on a dinner at Nola's, which was not far down the road. I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a good hotel for a good price.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hated It!! I'm originally from NOLA and this was a trip back home. This hotel sounded intriguing, and yes, it's a block from Mother's, and that's a real treat.Problems: mouse in companion's room; roaches in ours. Enough said!! This is New Orleans, but really, there should be varmit control.Booked through AAA--they got the rate wrong and we had to pay double. Still waiting for the adjustment, which may never come. It's been four months now.Not only would I never go back to this place, I would avoid NOLA. No dinner was under $100, and even the neighborhood places were at least $35 per person. Bourbon Street is pathetic, the city is close to Third World no matter how much new building they do. We were right to leave. The only saving grace is Cafe du Monde and the magnificent biegnets (and Mother's, of course).Save your money and avoid this hotel at all costs.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrible Stay!! We stayed at the Ambassador Hotel during the New Years holiday and the experience was horrible!! When we arrived at the hotel, we were not given the room we requested. We booked a room for 4 people but were given a room with only 1 bed. They told us that the hotel was full and could only bring ONE rollaway twin bed for our other TWO guests. We asked the staff how this mistake could happen and they blamed it on our internet booking agency. They claimed to only have a reservation for 2 people and they also said this has happened a lot from this internet booking agency. We were told that we could get another room in the morning, but nothing could be done that night. We asked for a copy of our reservation information, but were told that it was confidential between the hotel and internet booking agency. After a long discussion with the rude manager, we were given a different room because the room we were in could not even fit rollaway beds. We had to drag all of our stuff (ourselves, no help offered) to a room with a smaller bed so 2 rollaway beds could be put in. Everything in the room was pushed in one corner and made our room extremely cramped. In the morning we inquired about our new room and were told that it wouldn't be ready until later in the day, but we still had to check out of our current room before noon. Obviously, they didn't mind inconveniencing us so they could have the room ready for the next guest. We had to drag all of our stuff back to the lobby so they could store it until our new room was ready. We were roomless for over 2 hours! Finally, our room was ready and had everything we asked for in our reservation, but this never should've happened in the first place.I have dealt the same internet booking agency on other occasions and never had any problems. I feel like I was lied to by the hotel staff and would never stay there again!!!  
<Date>Jan 7, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>You get what you pay for We got a great deal but it seems you get what you pay for. The people at the front desk hassled us when we checked in and when we checked out. We made a reservation with a deposit through a third party internet firm. They told us they didn't have a room when we tried to check in. When we argued about it they suddenly found a room and acted like they were doing us a favor. The room had NO water pressure - not enough to take a shower. Everyone we talked to had the same problem. To be fair, they did agree to give us a different room the second night which was much better. (on the first floor) When we checked out they did not want to give us credit for the deposit we had paid. We argued and the manager finally approved it. The location is good and the price is good but next time I will pay a little more and enjoy decent service and a shower.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Low water pressure in bathroom  We enjoyed our stay but there was no water pressure in the bathroom. We reported it when we checked out.   
<Date>Dec 17, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A nice surprise Right before my trip to New Orleans, I read the reviews that were here and I was scared. After arriving to the hotel, I was okay. It is very cozy and comfortable. The staff was very nice and if we needed anything, they brought it up then. The room has high ceilings which also make the room look a lot bigger. It was said the single rooms are very tiny and I disagree. I saw the larger room and the single was just as cozy. If you are going to the city, save your money to spend on things like Emeril's and Harrah's and stay at the Ambassador.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

