<Author>nw0127
<Content>Beware this hotel during vacation times There was a 30 min line to to check in. On a sold out New Years Eve they had two check in positions open and the other 7 were vacant. Told room not ready, came back two hours later. Nobody except front desk could tell us if the room was ready, so another 20 min wait in line. Told still not ready (2:30pm). Asked about how i would know when the room was ready. Front desk told me i would have to wait in line to find out. Room ready at 3:00pm when we arrived it smelled badly of smoke. Get ready for this, only way to change the room is wait in the 20 min line. What a joke. We booked an Executive Club room and the 8th floor lounge was like MacDonalds Playroom. Someone should tell these people that the evening snacks are not a dinner buffet for their kids. The lounge was packed with kids running around and the staff just smiled. and ignored them. The same at breakfast. The room was very nice though and the hotel is in a good location. At $650.00 per night I thought we could have a nice relaxing weekend. NW Toronto  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>2	3	4	5	4	1	3	-1	

<Author>Fazz
<Content>Great Post New Years mini-cation at the Westin Times Square       Zoom over to Jersey  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Matty17r
<Content>Hotel in the heart of Times Square Hotel located on 42nd Street, 8th Avenue just off Times Square. Paid 199$ a night plus taxes. Fantastic atmosphere to the hotel. Had a room on the 40th floor with excellent view of Empire State building. Room was comfortable and clean. We arrived at 9am and they did their best to accommodate us with a room. 1 minute walk away from the subway station. Try the Europa Cafe on the corner of Times Square for an excellent value for money breakfast.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JPandJen
<Content>Truly Excellent My stay here was flawless. Price: I booked this on hotwire for under $200. I am an SPG gold card holder and got upgraded to the most fantastic room.Room: Perfectly clean and huge my NYC standards. Nice bathroom and good facilities.Service: Excellent  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>firedog2881
<Content>Awesome Stayed for five nights in October. We used points to upgrade to a corner room and it was worth it. Had a great view of the Hudson River and the USS Intrepid. Like always, the heavenly bed was as comfortable as they come. The room was clean and the shower had good pressure. I felt safe in the hotel and outside. There were dozens police officers throughout the area which was a good feeling. The hotel staff was helpful and professional. It was easy walking to the Gershwin, the subway is right outside the hotel, good restaurants all around and in the hotel. We used room service and it was very good. Starbucks in the room and a Starbucks in the hotel. We would definitely stay at the Westin Times Square again, overall it was fantastic.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Robbie/stourbridge
<Content>loved it stayed here friday to monday 22nd dec .... first time at a westin great loacation so close to theatres and times square .... very quiet and peaceful hotel ... quite large room i thought larger than most london hotels ,,, good amenites ...starbucks coffee in room good tv ,i pod station etc , comfy new beds , smart modern looking decor my only gripe was it all had layer of dust on it and some furniture a little worn .... but not too bad ... we had room on the 20th floor nice views ...staff were always 100% ... i would stay here again no worries  
<Date>Dec 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	5	5	4	

<Author>sueBoston
<Content>Great hotel in wonderful location We did a priceline bid and ended up with this hotel for a great price. what a great treat. We went to NYC for 2 nights and loved the location. The hotel was quiet, clean and so well situated. We walked everywhere (including Penn Station with bags). It amazed me how quiet the lobby and elevators were at such a busy time of year in the city. We would stay here again in a minute and truly were thrilled with the Priceline price.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Mountino
<Content>Second visit to the Westin       The shower/bath  
<Date>Dec 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>h0neyy
<Content>A Wonderful stay Had a fab stay at the Westin. nothing is too much trouble here. On check in the staff saw that I had a baby and immediately offered to have a fridge sent up for milk etc and a crib for him too. The room was large and comfortable, with plenty of space for a family of four. the view from our room was incredible, as is the location of the hotel. the only down pooint was the price of everything in the hotel, e.g. to order a panini on room service came to over $40 inc tax, and drinks were very expensive in Bar 10. However the location of the hotel was perfect for finding alternative places to eat and drinkI would recommend the West way diner round the corner for a great breakfast!  
<Date>Dec 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mrsslovestotravel
<Content>Can't wait to go back!       Front of hotel  
<Date>Dec 21, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PB1Oxford
<Content>Love it! I have stayed in the Westin many times over the last 5 years  LOVE the place. I have never had a problem with any part of the hotel. The members of staff are always happy to help. The Beds in the Westin are just FAB. The views are amazing, we could see the Empire State Building from our room, which made us all happy. We have eaten in the steak house in the hotel  it was the best steak I have ever had!!! You are right next to Times Sq, so bang in the middle of it all!  
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>helenps
<Content>Honeymoon with a difference I enjoyed my stay at this hotel, it is just off times square and we found it to have a quiet businesslike feel but overall a lovely stay. Especially seen as our room looked out down Times Square taking in Madame Tussaurds. The room was large and clean but maybe not as luxurious as I'd expected.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>Laurie2525
<Content>We keep coming back to the Westin The Westin is located close to a subway stop and is walking distance to Bryant Park, Rockefeller Center, and many theaters. The security at night is excellent, they check ID's before letting people inside. The rooms are very clean and some of the views are amazing. The beds at all of the Westin's are wonderful. This hotel is very quiet, which is a suprise in Times Square. Their customer service is very good. Over the past few years, we have had two situations occur, one involving a shipment, and the other a health problem, and they were very helpful. There is a Starbucks in the building, and a coffee machine in the room with Starbuck's coffee and tea. Although Times Square can be hectic, the Westin is a quiet haven. I have tried many other hotels, but have decided to stick with this Westin. I prefer it over the W hotels, seems newer and rooms are nicer.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>DaKine1
<Content>Westin in the way to go I did my research so knew what to expect both good and bad. Most of the bad stuff did not really apply to me like the sink and mirror situation. When I first arrived at the hotel via Super Shuttle, I was dropped off at the corner. I had one bag and my back pack. I entered the ground floor lobby area through a turnstile doorway which was kind of tricky with luggage. I proceeded to the reception desk and checked in. I was offered a room upgrade on the top floor with an outstanding view of downtown and the Empire State Building. I could not ask for more. The room had all the usual Westin things like Starbucks Coffee, water bottles, glassware and fully stocked minibar. The only thing that was missing was the shampoo and conditioner so I called the Service Express number and three sets were sent up within ten minutes. There are two elevator banks. Elevator bank A is from floor 2-23 and elevator bank B is from 2-45. Since my room was on the 45th floor, I had to use the second bank. The Westin Club was located on the 8th floor were they provided breakfast and evening snacks daily. This was free due to my Starwood Status. You could gain access via the Club Level category rooms which are about $100 more than the other rooms. There is only one restaurant in the hotel. I did not eat here but did have a couple of drinks at their bar. the bar tendered, Brian, was very helpful and kind. There is also another bar next to the lobby, Bar 10, that is basically an extension to the lobby. It is closed off prior to noon which only leaves the small area in front of reception for people to sit. I personally did not like this option and think that both areas should be opened to the guests at all times. I have seen this in most Westin Hotels. The people working the Bell Desk did not seem overly friendly. But than again, I am in New York where friendliness is not a norm. If you had to choose a hotel in the Times Square area, this hotel would be a very good choice. It is close to everything and yet far enough away from all the noise that you would find closer to Broadway and 7th Avenue. The immediate area around the hotel is kind of tacky, but there are some good deli's, fast food and even a nice Jazz Bar around the corner. I would definitely stay here again and recommend it for singles or families. I guess on my next trip to the city, I will have to decide between the W Times Square and this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	3	3	5	

<Author>MissSiu
<Content>Another fabulous stay! The Westin is definately the hotel of choice when we go to NYC. The location is premium and the service exceptional. You are so close to the best of shopping and sightseeing that you would be foolish to stay elsewhere. My daughter and I are very finicky travelers, but the Westin was clean, comfortable and reasonable. The Asst. Front Office Manager went out of her way to make sure our stay was unsurpassed. I would highly recommend staying here for any planned visit to the city, you will not be disappointed.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>harrisbabe
<Content>Fantastic hotel - great views, fab rooms and excellent location We stayed here for 5 nights mid Nov 08, the hotel is in a great location for all of the main attractions in New York and although it's on Times Sq as it's entance is just off the sq it's not noisy.We had a room on the 37th floor which looked out on to the Empire State building which was fab. Huge bed, super clean room, Starbucks coffee in room everyday, flat screen TV and marble bathroom with toiletries.I would definately recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gjconsult
<Content>Great Value Our family with 13 year old daughter stayed at the Westin Nov 21-25 2008. I booked through bidding and got a very low rate. I arrived 1 hour before checkin, but they were very nice and gave me a room on a high floor with the 2 double beds we needed.We had the view out over the Hudson towards New Jersey and I really enjoyed the large window. the standard room was medium size for New York and nicely updated with a really good HD plasma television. The bathroom is very small, but newly remodeled and nice. I loved everything about this hotel. While we were staying there the Phoenix hockey team and Wayne Gretzky were staying and there was always buzz out front with fans waiting. Possible issues are that there is only one dining option inside the hotel - Shula's expensive steakhouse. You will need to go to Starbucks on bottom floor or outside hotel to eat, which really isn't a problem. Lobby isn't tremendously huge and splendid, but plenty of seating, if needed.Favorite meal was a light brunch at Sarabeth's on Central Park West.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>FergusMum
<Content>Fab New Year !!! A great hotel just perfect for the excitement of New Year at Times Square.Very comfortable room with good view, tried room service breakfast on two days and it was great - just perfect for a relaxing start to a busy day of sightseeing.Woiuld definitely return again!! Can't wait.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	3	5	5	3	

<Author>anthonypatton73
<Content>One of the best hotels I have ever stayed in The Westin was superb. A stones throw away from Times Square and all the main areas of New York.The hotel is beautifully laid out, and the room was very modern with everything you could possibly need. We had a great view over the river into Jersey.On the website they go on about you can buy a Westin bed - they are fantastic, if I could get one here I would.Nothing more to say - superb!  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>coldStPaul
<Content>Great hotel and location I took my wife here for a romantic getaway for the weekend. This is a really nice hotel. We arrived really late after our flight was delayed and they checked us in quickly. A representative (and representative in training) showed us to our room and carried our luggage. Complementary internet, bottled water. Things I expect in an upscale hotel. We had a corner room with a nice view and a king bed. The room and bathroom were a nice size. I've heard that rooms at some hotels in NY are rather small. The location of the hotel could not be better. One block off Times Square and only a few blocks from some broadway theaters. I stayed here using Star Points. Before I decided to use Star Points, I was comparing prices of this hotel to others nearby and it's competitive and reasonable given the type of hotel and location. I hope to get back here.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>bizztizz
<Content>We loved it!       Bathroom  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>touristgalore8
<Content>this hotel was perfect! If you are looking for a nice clean modern hotel this is the one. This hotel is so conveniently placed for all the attractions that NY has to offer. The staff were so friendly and attentive. You can walk almost everywhere from this hotel. Lovely beds  
<Date>Nov 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>SeasonedTrvlr
<Content>Terrible hotel, stay away Location is quite poor, this hotel is not right on Times Square but on 8th avenue instead, across the street from a bunch of [--] shops.Room quality was average, nothing special, and the hotel's ambiance was terrible, reflecting the neighborhood that it really is in.Frankly I felt very unsafe walking around the neighborhood, I definitely wouldn't come here with a family for sure.Also the poor location means that taxis are almost impossible to come by; you're quite isolated.Stay away, there are a million better hotels in NYC at the same price level.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>damonandtina
<Content>Solid, but not spectacular I got a very good rate on this hotel recently for a 1-night stay. Keep in mind, that good rate is a relative term in NYC, but the rate was very fair. While there was nothing bad about my stay, this location didn't quite live up to the quality level and reputation of the fine Westin brand.On the plus side:-Great bedding, towels and amenities that are trademarks of Westin-Quiet room, with no noise bleeding through from halls.-Starbucks coffee, good in-room safe and nice quality televisions.-Polite reception by a very courteous, professional staff-Loved the double-headed showers!The minuses on this property are primarily in terms of building condition and design.-My room had a significant number of wall scratches, carpet stains, and little chips on furniture that simply didn't feel luxurious.-Some pretty hefty fees to use internet connections and weight room that discouraged me from trying either.-No robes in rooms, which is different from other Westin's I've stayed in.-a loose lamp fixture that was affixed to the wall. Again, not a life or death deal, just unbecoming a luxury business hotel.-Business center, which I only looked in, seemed incredibly crowded and squished.While I would definitely stay here again, as the beds, great location, and friendly staff make it a competent and comfortable night's stay, I just feel like this hotel can push itself a little to raise its true luxury reputation. A few new room furnishings and going through each room to make sure everything is fastened tight and all the t's are crossed would make a big difference.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	5	3	4	4	2	

<Author>missmilly
<Content>Well worth It! Loved our stay here - we were on the 39th floor and had a fabulous view of 42nd St. The location is excellent - 1 min to Times Square but once you turn the corner you feel removed from the hustle  bustle so it feels quite peaceful. If NYC could ever be described as that!The room was exactly as described and the beds do live up to the heavenly title. We tried Shulas and weren't disappointed - would recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Trishrigby
<Content>Just Perfect..... Myself and my parents visited this hotel for 5 nights to celebrate my Mothers 60th birthday. Everything about this hotel was just perfect.I contacted the hotel before hand to request a high corner room we immediately received a reply saying that we would both be upgraded to corner rooms with executive privileges!! This did not dissapoint the rooms were fabulous, the views incredible we had the Hudson on one side and the ESB on the other and the heavenly beds a joy to jump into after a day of sightseeing. When you wake at 4am for the first few mornings the sunrise is gorgeous over the skyscrapers.The executive lounge provided us with a quiet place to sit and chat about our day and plan the next. Here we were able to help ourselves to complimentary tasty hors d'oeuvres and soft drinks. we could also have beer or a glass of wine for $5 (much cheaper than the bar!) The breakfast was lovely, from porridge to bagels and fresh coffee and fruit juice.We were made to feel so welcome by every member of staff at this Hotel, check in was a breeze, all bar staff , housekeepers and the concierge warm and genuinely wanted us to have a great time. Hotels can easily provide clean comfortable rooms but this hotel did all the little things that make a difference; My mother received a bottle of prosecco and chocolate covered strawberries on arrival and then a bottle of champagne and strawberries on her birthday with a gift of a photo frame all wrapped beautifully. We purchased a cake elsewhere and the hotel stored it overnight and then provided us with a mini fridge for her room to keep the cake chilled. They also sent up a vase for her flowers within a few minutes of asking. We had late check out at 4pm and after this they said we could use the executive lounge until out taxi came a few hours later which allowed somewhere quiet to sit instead of the busy reception.The hotel was perfect for us in respect for location, I loved just walking out and being in the midst of the hustle and bustle, a few minutes from all the theatres, shops and take aways. We found a superb restaraunt a few blocks away on eighth avenue and 50th called Sosa Borella, lovely atmosphere and excellent food a couple of minutes from the Wintergarden theatre. We shopped (although not cheap anymore, some bargains such as Levis æ‹¢22 from macy's) and took in two shows both excellent; Mama Mia and Haispray, we got the hairspray tickets half price two hours before from the TKTS booth under the red steps in times square, short queues as there are 12 booths and its a great place to take photos of the illuminations. Although Times Square never goes to sleep (we were shopping in Billabong at midnight) as soon as you enter your room you have complete silence.Great things we did; Top of the Rock, 3 hr Circle line cruise and ground zero museum which we booked before hand on their websites after reading the reviews on trip advisor 'things to do' its really worth reading those as our whole trip was full and went so smoothly. Took horse and carriage through central park on my mothers birthday, watched people iceskating in the sunshine. Took subway which was cheap, clean and much more spacious than the tube. Easy to navigate with very friendly people to help if you are not sure. Went on this up to bloomingdales and had lunch twice in a Diner opposite which was just lovely, the portions were huge! and service excellent. We felt completely safe at all times in New york.A great bonus was that we were able to watch the Northern lights on our flight home, something we will never forget.Overall the Westin was a perfect choice for us so thank you to all the staff there and especially to Maryann for making my Mothers special Birthday so memorable.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PA_FanMan
<Content>Complete Satisfaction! My family passed through New York on our way to a wedding, and we decided to spend one night in the Mid-town area to catch a Broadway show (Phantom of the Opera) to celebrate our wedding anniversary! (I know... didn't have a choice, we had to bring the kids with us...) We chose the Westin NY at Times Square mostly bacause of the overwhelming number of positive reviews at this site!Well, let me tell ya, they were well deserved, and I'll add our vote to the list! We had an amazingly satisfying experience! We do have a couple of nit-picks, which I will go into later, but they were insignificant in comparison to our overall positive impression of the hotel and its services.The hotel is ideally located for anyone who plans to visit Times Square and/or catch a Broadway show while in NY! (Is there any tourist/visitor who doesn't fit this profile?!) It's a small city block away from several major Broadway theaters, and one large block away from Times Square...close enough for an easy short stroll, even in a drizzle like we had, and far enough away to not be affected by the bright lights and loud noises! I think it took us 3 minutes to walk from the Westin to the theater for Phantom. Also, we had a rental car, but for guests who don't, there's a subway station right next to the hotel, and the Port Authority is 1 small block away! It can't get any more convenient!When I made our reservation, I had requested an early check-in and a room with 2 beds. So, upon our arrival in NY, I called the front desk to check on the room availability and was very pleasantly surprised that they had upgraded us to a corner deluxe king room!! Unfortunately, we couldn't take advantage of it because it only had 1 king bed... (It was my fault, I didn't change the default 1 Adult when I made the reservation.) But, alas, the front desk clerk quickly found a room with 2 beds for us. The room wasn't cleaned yet, so we drove to the TKTS office to pick up our show tickets and had lunch before calling the hotel again. This time our room was ready! Even with the room change, we were still able to check-in about an hour before the standard 3 pm check-in, so it was early, just not as early as we had hoped. But, the front desk lady was very friendly and helpful in rearranging our rooms and apologizing for the delay!When we finally drove up to the hotel -- my first nit-pick -- none of the door men were friendly. They were efficient in unloading our car and welcomed us to the hotel, but it was spoken like a recording without warmth or even a smile. But everyone else at the hotel during our short stay were friendly, courteous and helpful! In fact, when we found out my daughter left her doll on the car, the bell boy, who was busy unloading luggages in our room, quickly called downstairs. Unfortunately, our car had already been driven away to an independent parking garage a block away. If we were to ask the garage to return the car, they would've charged us another $40 parking fee again!! So, the bell boy volunteered to show me the location of the garage. Thankfully, I was able to retrieve that #%@ing doll before all hell broke loose...Our room was located on the 40th floor with a huge window facing toward the Times Square direction!! What an amazing view of the city skyline!! We can even see the pedestrians and the neon lights of Times Square in between the buildings. But, it was surprisingly quiet because we're so high up. The street noises were very muffled and barely audible. As my wife said, we couldn't have asked for a better room location!!The room itself was very clean, modernly decorated and furnished. It was very spacious by NY standard. Even with kids and luggages, we didn't feel cramped. My wife loved the iPod dock on the stereo alarm unit! There is a big LCD TV, but we didn't try it because of our short stay and the Phantom show. Last, but not least, the 2 Westin Heavenly beds were soooooo comfortable that we just had to order one yesterday after we got back home!!!The bathroom was highly functional and roomy as well! My kids loved the 2 sprayer shower head! They thought it was the neatest thing. But, that brings up my 2nd nit-pick. The counter space in the bathroom was too limited and too shallow. My kids accidently tipped a bottle of lotion on the counter, and it fell into the toilet below. As many of you know how young kids are, sometimes they don't flush... Let's just say, it wasn't pleasant...Oh, the biggest surprise of our stay was the room service delivered a complementary bottle of champagne and 5 chocolate covered strawberries to help celebrate our anniversary!!! WOW! We were shocked!! My wife and I had to pick our jaws up from the floor when we found out!! Afterwards, we were giddy with that generous and considerate gesture!! (or, maybe it was the champagne that made us giddy...)Oh, oh, to top it off, I got an email from the hotel customer service apologizing for mixing up our room and not having it ready when we arrived into NY. As a gesture of their concern, they have credit my Starwood account with 5,000 points!! All I can say is what else can a hotel guest expect and ask for?!!! It's been one incredible experience of exceptional customer service! I must take my hat off to Maryanne, Westin's hotel manager, who have made our stay so special and memorable! I know where my family will stay in our future visits to NYC!!  
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nycgirlNorthEast
<Content>wonderfull hotel wonderfull hotel !!Excellent location just off times square.....Very clean and very comfortable beds....Rooms very modern in design and feel with famous signature heavenly beds and showers...Hotel is worthy of star rating....Would deff stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Otolaryngo
<Content>Nice Stay I had a sweet experience at Westin..Pros  Cons:Pros:Great locationNeat roomsMovie theater inside the hotel!Cons:A bit expensiveBusiness lounge (for internet) closes at 10:00pmCheap breakfast  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>jamish2007
<Content>Great hotel Another winner from Priceline. This hotel was very classy, the room was spacious, the king bed extremely comfortable, and the decor modern-attractive. The bath and shower products were especially pleasant. Ipod alarm clock/docking station was appreciated. The (free) umbrellas were great. The hotel is extremely convenient to subway, Port Authority, and Times Square. The hotel seemed like it would have been a great place to relax the day away had it not been for that business meeting. Acceptable pizza can be had after midnight 1 block away. Highly recommend.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>misheeCanada
<Content>miss it, would go back my sister and close friend stayed there for nine wonderful nights. the room we stayed in had plenty of room for the three of us. i believe we were in the deluxe double. the room was very clean as was the entire hotel. the staff was very professional and polite. i had a chance to check out the spa which i loved, could have spent more time in there. if you would like a little frig for continous drinks and to put a few snacks/food in they will provide you with one. there is everything you need in this area, the night-life, liqour stores, comedy shows across the street, drug store, endless food, a movie theater, we took in SITC, great movie.. easy excess to everything.. oh yes the beds were heavenly.. i would recommend this to anyone as i haved been to nyc 3 times and this was my best stay. it was a little more cost wise but truely worth the little more that i paid. i miss the westin and can't wait to get back to enjoy fabulous new york city..  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CousinBenny
<Content>Great Hotel! My wife and I checked in to the Westin New York last weekend and it really blew us away. The location of the hotel is ideal, since it is so close to Times Square, but the doors don't open directly into the massive crowds of people on Broadway. Considering the large size of the property, I was especially impressed with the quality of service. Check-in was a breeze, there was virtually no waiting at all. When I called the front desk from my room, someone picked up the phone immediately and was able to assist me. Housekeeping was attentive and did a great job. We were in a junior suite, which was a huge room by NYC hotel standards. Great views from our giant windows (which also kept the room nice and bright) and the room was also very quiet. The bathroom was cool and modern and everything was super clean and comfortable. We would definitely recommend this hotel over the other hotels in the TImes Square area.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>danyka006
<Content>Awesome experience... Breathtaking view from our room!!!!       The room!  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nielsensmith
<Content>Brilliant location! This was a great hotel! Shula's steakhouse is in the lobby so the food is fantastic if expensive. The rooms were clean, and surprisingly spacious for Manhattan. I loved being right by Times Square as we were easily able to walk to most of our sights and the subway was close to get us everywhere else! The bed was yummy, exactly what you expect from a Westin hotel. I will definitely stay here next time we visit the Big Apple!  
<Date>Oct 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>chriskat14
<Content>Great Location, comfy beds       Outside of Hotel  
<Date>Oct 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>jerry50MW
<Content>Do not confuse the Westin with the Wynn or the Wyndham Do not confuse the Westin with the Wynn or Wyndhamhotels, the Westin is not as nice as the others. This hotelis located in the crowded Times Square area. I had hopedfor it to be a few blocks from the madness, but it is rightin the middle of it all....the tourists, the glitzy signage, andall...the hotel itself was nice but uninspiring....and overpriced.I was told that my room was a special upgrade with a viewof the city and river. It was nice but some of the details such assloppy workmanship (poor caulking in the bathroom, poor trim around the baseboard, cheesy table with worn velcro) and city smells inside were noticeable. I was a solo travelerand my room rate was $429 per night plus tax, so for onlytwo nights my cost was just over $1000! The internet chargeis about $18 per night, or you can pay as you go in their business center off the lobby starting at $6.95 for 15 minutes.If you like being in the middle of the craziness, just one block from Times Square and one block from the Port Authority, then this hotel is for you. The hotel restaurant, Shula's, is famous for their steak (minimum $55) and also serves an expensivebreakfast and lunch. Their are plenty of reasonably priced cafes and walk in restaurants (Cafe Europa, Ben  Jerry's) nearby.I also stayed at the Hilton Mid-town, 1335 Ave of the Americas,during this trip, and I believe it is a better value than the Westin($100 cheaper per night, great location, better service, beautifulrooms on the 33rd floor, wonderful quality inside air for a city hotel).  
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	3	3	

<Author>mistralksk
<Content>Excellent       Reception  
<Date>Oct 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	3	4	1	3	

<Author>triplovee
<Content>Do Not Stay Here We recently stayed at this hotel in times square for three nights. The room was ok, the bathroom was bad with a pocket door that did not close. On our last night, we woke up at 3 AM to a loud crash coming from the room next door and a woman screaming at the top of her lungs. We called the front desk and they said they would send someone up. This smashing and screaming went on until 5 AM. After my third call to the desk, things got quiet again, but we only had one hour left at that point, since we had to catch a plane. I know the hotel cannot control the behavior of their guests, but this was out of control and they should have been removed much sooner than they were. But that's not even close to the worst of it. When I got my AMEX bill, I found that they charged us for TWO rooms! When I called to have them remove the charge, they said it was a nonrefundable rate. Can you believe it? They made a mistake and want me to pay over a thousand dollars for it and they only have one response: I'm sorry, but it's a nonrefundable room rate. No matter what I say, they do not hear me. I have never had a problem in any hotel before, ever, so I just had to write about it.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>1	2	3	3	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>helenstratford05
<Content>Fantastic Location Hotel was fab - our stay was for our honeymoon we stayed 7 nights, our room was upgraded and we received a bottle of wine and a cheese board on the house on the 1st night which was a lovely gesture and a surprise. The room was spacious with fantastic views of the empire state building, the hotel e walk is fab - starbucks and a cinema etc. The hotel is perfect for getting to any location - we walked most places and found them all very close to the hotel - the nearest to the hotel been Times Square.The hotel staff were all very friendly and the hotel is very new and clean.I would definately recommend this hotel and hope to stay in NY again in the future. Best holiday ever!!  
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>adasco02
<Content>Family friendly, superb location. Great choice of Hotel. Excellent location, friendly staff and great Concierge. Was able to check in on arrival early am, and the reception staff went out of there way to offer an alternative lower floor, but we held out for our booked room type on the 35th floor. Smallish size room with two double beds and excellent views of Times Square and the Empire State Building. Hardly any noise. Beds were bliss. Travelling with a 2 year old, I liked the kids pack (including night light, socket covers and plasters etc.,. Would recommend that bed guards for Children are pre booked as none available during our stay. Toiletries in bathroom a little limited,(no shower caps, earbuds) but powerful hairdryer. Hotel services a little pricey but typical of a 5 star. Good deli right next to hotel for cheaper food and supermarket across the road. Overall brilliant stay. Would recommend and would revisit.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>S1980
<Content>Great hotel with central location! Wonderful staff. Got a free upgrade to a spa-inspired room. Decent size rooms-very clean and nice bathrooms. Loved the beds-were wonderful to get into after a long tiring day. Massaging chair in the room did a great job in relaxing sore muscles! We had an amazing time there. Would recommend this place to everyone!  
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WaupacaTraveller
<Content>Good Location for Broadway Shows This is a high rise luxury hotel in the heart of times square. Service is excellent. Rooms are pricier than the neighboring Marriott but it is worlds apart. First, its smaller and quieter. Rooms are small by national standards but average for NYC. I stayed in a larger corner deluxe room which has excellent views. Club floor rooms are the same but include the lounge which had a decent cold breakfast and evening munchies. Bar is cash but drinks are only 5 dollars. Lounge includes access to gym which is on the 23rd floor and looks out over the Hudson river--very striking view. hotel staff are very attentive and friendly. They have a separate Tour-Show concierge from the regular concierge. Bar in the lobby is sleek and very trendy NYC. Attached to the hotel is Chevys which has very good mexican food (go thru exit next to business center). Hotel also gave up on charging for internet to print boarding passes--its free finally in the bus center. Location is the best feature--right in the theater district. Growing up in NY, I always hated getting out of a show at 11 PM and my parents cursing trying to hail a cab. Stay here and you have no more than a 2 to 4 block walk. Very classy, business oriented hotel but you will pay for it.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>sherriwiz22
<Content>A Fantastic, Modern Hotel a Few Steps from Times Square The Westin Hotel is known for pampering, and I can't tell you how thrilled I was to experience this! The hotel rooms are comfortable, with the Heavenly beds the best thing of all! The two Heavenly shower heads made you want to stay under the water forever. After walking all over the City, it was a treat just to get back to our room and relax in the plushness of the bed. The staff were all friendly, and the bell desk was the most efficient and helpful of all. I can't wait to stay another night at the Westin!  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>marblehead_prospects
<Content>Best in Times Square I've stayed at this hotel so many times I can't even count. And every time I do I'm not disappointed. It is by far the best hotel in Times Square and probably my favorite place to stay in NYC. I'm surprised that other reviewers would have anything negative to say about this place because I have never had a bad experience here. Everything from the lobby, to the rooms, to the service, to the location is ideal in my opinion. Firstly, the rooms are about as big as you'll find anywhere in the city. The heavenly beds are incredibly comfortable and despite the fact that the hotel is just about a block away from the center of Times Square, I can't recall ever really noticing the noise from outside. The bathrooms are very clean, modern, and contemporary and I absolutely love the heavenly shower.The location is also ideal being just a block away from the middle of everything in Times Square but equally conveniently located less than a block from the Port Authority bus terminal and right across the street from the entrance to the Subway. No matter how you come into the city it's easy to get to the Westin via public transportation.I also happen to love the cocktail bar off of the lobby. They have a great martini menu and also have a light food menu... a perfect place to start an evening. I've also heard really good things about the steak house Shula's (although I'm not a big red meat eater myself).The concierge has always been very helpful in suggesting places to eat nearby and the front desk staff has also always been very accommodating in allow us to check-in early when rooms are available.One thing to watch for is when they offer weekend discounted room rates via the Starwood website. Every once and awhile you can get a room here for $199/night-- which is a bargain for the area. I probably wouldn't ever pay over $299 to stay here (or anywhere for that matter) but when I see a great rate pop-up I'm always first to snatch it up. Overall I can't see one thing to fault in this hotel. Every time I try another hotel in the area I'm reminded of why I love this one so much. I will definitely be coming back again and again.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>timmmad06
<Content>Cold, sterile, uncourteous In TripA, this hotel is voted the 77th best hotel in NYC. I think that's generous. Typical, not charming. American corporate chain hotel. The location is not great, the rooms very basic for the price, the room service slooow. Go somewhere else,  
<Date>Sep 26, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	1	3	3	

<Author>cj_minneapolis
<Content>great hotel choice for NYC       room view  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Maesha
<Content>Great place to stay I've stayed at the Westin for several times now, and I have never had a bad experience here. The rooms are always very nice, the heavenly bed always a delight, and the showers lovely. It's a great place to stay if you're visiting the city, and you can usually get some good deals on it, especially if you're a Starwoods hotels member. The spa there opened recently, within the past year, and I tried it out on my last visit there. Although not as fancy or big as some other places, the masseuse was very professional, and it was actually one of the best massages I have gotten. I stayed in a junior suite on one of the upper floors, and the views are amazing. The Westin is definitely a great find, as there are usually good deals on it. Location is great.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RobCh
<Content>Very good overall but expensive       Large windows  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>JaneKirby
<Content>Okay stay at the Westin We had an average stay at the Westin. It certainly doesn't feel like a high-class five star hotel but neither is it disappointing. The lobby is attractive and the beds were huge (we had a king), with a well-appointed bathroom. But the view we had was pretty dull and the paper was slightly peeling off the walls. The lamps were also not put together properly and rattlesdwhen you turned them on. A bit more attention to detail would vastly improve this hotel. I wouldn't pay $500 a night for this Westin but there are some good deals on the hotel website, so check those out.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>l3ann3t00ts
<Content>Best hotel ever This is the best hotel I have stayed at it were just a shame it were only for the weekend but i will be staying again next time i visit the big apple. The staff were very helpful and nice not at all rude like some other reviews made out.The rooms were huge and the beds are the best beds in the world there to die for very good for chilling out in after having a hard day at the shops and sights.Also the room were very clean and were always done by the time we returned in the late afternoon.We did not eat at the hotel but the menu looked good but we did have a night cap at the hotel bar. Once again this was the best hotel we have stayed at thank you to all the staff at westin hope to be back soon.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>PTKAdvisor
<Content>Would Never Recommend This Hotel! Our stay was a prepaid gift, but the desk people required a credit card from us on arrival, for incidentals. Of course, our credit card was billed for the entire amount -- a discounted rate that, in our fairly sophisticated opinion, was too high anyway. We and our benefactor had to make many calls and provide several copies of the prepaid booking, to try and straighten the situation out, and after a week, we think we may be making progress. Unlike some reviewers, we found only some of the staff to be rude. Most of the people we have dealt with have just been clueless. No one seems empowered to make a customer-oriented decision. After an average room, average service, and a very substandard billing experience, we would advise other travelers to go elsewhere.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	2	-1	-1	

<Author>RissesPieces
<Content>Sleek Oasis in Crazy Town I love a good value, so when I saw a $199/nite rate for the Westin over labor day weekend, I couldn't pass it up. My friends and I stayed 4 nights, and I didn't want to leave afterwards. I took the Airtrain and subway into Manhattan from JFK (it's the cheapest way into town and not that difficult at $7/person), and after all the travel, the Westin was like a shining beacon of sleek comfort when i popped out of the subway at 43rd and 8th. What's not to love about the Westin? Location was super convenient to various subway lines, short walk to theatres, the madness of times square, less than a mile to Bloomingdales after passing Rockefeller Center...but I digress. The service and attitude of the staff was pretty good for New York City. I got the best tips for good local eats from the bell staff. If you have access to the executive club (platinum SPG) you can enjoy their complimentary breakfast each day. While not the grandest spread, it was decent. The lox was really good...but they ran out of bagels each day. I wished there was more hot food on offer (aside from the oatmeal). But can't really complain.The bed and shower was great.The only odd thing was the Apple PC they had in the room. I'm not a Mac person, and the wireless mouse was dead, so I couldn't figure out the keyboard shortcut controls for the thing when i was trying to use it. I ended up leaving it powered on because I didn't know how to shut it down....and putting a towel over the monitor to try to squelch the light in the night. Westin: maybe you can leave the guest some simple shortcut instructions in the event another user has the same Mac-illiterate experiences.Oh, and is there any way you can turn up the lighting in the hallway, so that when getting ready for a night out, I can get a better look at myself? Yes, I know, vain. But really I'd love to stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Graburn
<Content>Great hotel for sightseeing base We used this as a base for 4 days in NYC on our honeymoon. We were not in the hotel much hence why we had chosen what is more of a nice business hotel than a personable hotel. Couldn't fault the hotel though. The cold breakfast we received as a result of an upgraded room was great and saved us time in the mornings. Room was huge but terrible view. Excellent location for the main sights.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>traveling_esquire
<Content>Tranquility in the middle of the Manhattan Jungle I stayed one Saturday night at Westin Times Square with my sister and mom for my sister's 30th birthday. I chose this hotel because the Hilton was not available, and we needed to stay somewhere close to both Port Authority terminal and the Schoenfeld theatre for our show that evening. We arrived prior to noon and our room was not available. We left our bags with the bellman, left the hotel, and returned after 3:00pm, the hotel's check-in time. There was somewhat of a delay in getting our room, with the front desk clerk needing to check with a supervisor, but ultimately we were given a room with 2 double beds on a high floor overlooking 8th avenue, as I had requested in my initial reservation (I am a Starwood Preferred Guest member). The room was not as small as I had expected. The bathroom had a tub/shower combo, small sink and commode, closed with a frosted pocket door. The closet contained the coffee maker, fridge and safe. The two double beds had a single nightstand between, but there was room for a desk, chair and lounge chair as well. Flat screen TV. I love the Westin's heavenly bed, and we were able to get a good night's rest. Street noise was minimal despite being on the Port Authority side of the building. We were high enough up to overlook the river and New Jersey. It was peaceful to look out over the city on Sunday morning. The window in the room actually opened for those of you who like fresh, city air. Overall the room was neat and clean. On par with Westin standards. The lobby was in classic Westin decor -- peaceful tones, spotlessly clean, pleasant scent and comfortable seating. Our guest room was pleasantly decorated in Westin's new modern look. Traveler's pictures accurately depict it. Service was good. I asked for a birthday cake for my sister and they delivered it when we returned from the show. Despite the wait, check-in and check-out were smooth. I had to correct the room rate at check-out, but this was done with pleasantly and without incident. Our rate included in-room breakfast, which was delicious, fresh and up to Westin's standards. Bell staff were eager to help and hail a cab. Overall, the hotel had the tranquil, upscale ambience makes you feel relaxed and welcomed the minute you enter the hotel. I would choose this hotel again for my Manhattan hotel needs and would recommend it without hesitation.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>opinions4EatorTravel
<Content>Will return to the Westin Times Square       view from hotel window  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>laurier_traveller
<Content>Fantasic Hotel My husband and I stayed at the Westin New York Times Square for 5 days at the end of August. This is our 3rd trip to NYC. We got a fantastic deal online and I have to say I was a bit worried because I thought maybe the deal was too good! We arrived early and checked our bags in, no problems there. Check-in was smooth. When we walked in our room, I was so greatly relieved ....... it was absolutely FANTASTIC! We had a beautiful riverview, everything was bright and clean. During our whole stay we had great housekeeping service and the location is sooooo central! I would absolutely, positively stay here again and will the very next time I visit NYC!TIPS: Great pizza place one block over (I think on 44th), John's Pizzeria, also Junior's (I think on 45th) was a great place/good value, wonderful cheesecake (I had the carrot cake cheesecake, so good!!!!). We also bought the CityPass, which is a really good deal if you are planning to do the things that are included with it.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>mdean09
<Content>Peaceful Stay in a Hectic Location My girlfriend and I have just returned from a 5 night stay at the Westin at Times Square and cannot complain about the service received or the room itself.Reception Staff - very helpful indeed. For all those visitors using Travellers Cheques, they do not charge to exchange them.Room - Asked for a high room with a view and although not looking at any stand-out feature of NYC, the view was good. The room and bathroom was always clean and tidy. The bed is very comfortable after a long hard day walking and we found there was adequate bathroom space for toiletries, etc. We were advised the minibar was sensitive to movement so don't be too tempted to see what is in there. If travelling from Europe, dont take your hairdryer as they are not as powerful when used in the US plug sockets (as my girlfriend found out!).Only downside was the constant reminder for tips from the baggage handlers and the guys on the front door. We appreciate they make their wages up with tips but do not think the constant reminders are required. Not the best location for food - unless you want fast food but for breakfast there are plenty of coffee shops and other bakeries selling croissants, muffins, etc. (PAX opposite Madame Tussauds is good).If getting a yellow cab back to the hotel, just tell them near the Port Authority Building as not one taxi driver knew where the Westin was!Trip Tips - Do Top Of The Rock at dusk and watch the sunset (we would advise you give it a day or two (if you can) just so you can work out what time the sun sets and then go up after you know). The Grayline bus tours were good (uptown, downtown and the night tour) but felt it became a broadway audition from the 'wannabe actor' guides at times rather than them telling you points of interest (although we did get one older guide who was very informative) and again with the constant tip reminders. We would advise you to prebook your tickets for the Statue of Liberty and get there early to avoid the queues. If there are any students in your party take your student cards if you are going to any of the museums for a slight discount. Use the subway as its fast, cheap and not as scary as you may think. Used Grand Central to get to Bloomingdales and the Brooklyn bridge and both stops bring you out right next to them.Would stay at the hotel again.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>TravelFan_01
<Content>Fantastic views and location       Our room  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>kajLondon
<Content>Great central hotel We booked this hotel in January on a special Expedia deal - 40% discount and arrived on a very hot, busy August Saturday afternoon having travelled from Cape Cod. The hotel was everything we hoped for and there were 10 of us - 6 children and 4 adults. We were upgraded to Club Rooms and were very pleased with both the accommodation and the service we were given. The rooms were clean and well appointed.The location was brilliant once you worked out Times Square and that if you went out of the back entrance you were somewhere very different from the front entrance! We had a great time, with the hotel as a much needed oasis and would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>kellehs
<Content>Nice hotel - pricey, but average for NYC I guess We wanted a mid-town NYC hotel that wouldn't smash the piggy bank. Got a deal on hotels.com which (after taxes etc, etc...etc) worked out at just under $400/night.Ok...so that's a lot of green for a hotel. So you'd be entitled to expect a lot, right ? Well, if you discount the fact that $400 for a hotel room is ridiculous in any language, or in any town, then I guess you could say we got our money's worth.The location (1 block off Times Sq) was fantastic. The lobby/bell hop/concierge service was friendly, informal and first rate, The room was modern, clean and very nice - it was also a Normal 'normal' size, not a NYC normal size.Restaurant/bar prices were ridiculous, but no worse than anywhere else in NY.The place exuded a sense of understated class. Not too 'in your face' upscale - especially for a Manhattan hotel.. It felt comfortable, classy and friendly....until you saw that $$ number on the checkout invoice..Yikes - Orlando next year !  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>Trekabout
<Content>Good location I stayed at the Westin for 5 nights at the end of a month long trip throughout North America. I was generally happy with the hotel in the end, although my initial check-in experience was terrible.The lady at the front desk was extremely rude. I was two hours early for check-in and realised I would probably be unable to go straight to my room however she was exceptionally dismissive and almost annoyed that I had dared show up early (unavoidable due to flight times). As it was my first trip to New York I went to the concierge to see if I could get a map and some pointers to walk around until I could come back and check-in. Again I was faced with a rude and unhelpful staff member.However, that said this was my only complaint. By the time I returned there were new staff on the front desk and the gentleman could not have been more helpful or polite. I settled right in and was very happy with my room which was very large and had an extremely comfortable bed. I was very happy with the lobby bar, which had excellent staff and a nice atmosphere. It was clean with very fast elevators and I am a big fan of the in-room coffee machine.Obviously it is in a good location for broadway shows and plenty of tourist action. I managed to get a very good price on the room so it was definitely worth it and I would stay again and recommend it, however had I paid more, the intital check-in experience would have definitely turned me off from returning.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	2	5	2	

<Author>IowaFamilytraveler
<Content>Awesome hotel! Service was exceptional, especially since my days had to be re-booked due to a snow-storm that weekend; my orginal rate was still honored and I was upgraded to a better room (with a phenominal view of the Empire State building) just to help make my stay better after such a long trip to get there! The entire hotel 'shines' and it really has the vibe of being in the 'heart of the city'. Having both a great restaurant and cool bar inside the building was also great for meeting up with friends on nights I didn't want to leave the comfort of the hotel. The room was clean (and I don't say that often) and, so much so, that I am bringing back my entire family (ages 6, 5 and 3) for a week over Thanksgiving to see the parade. It takes a lot for me to recommend a hotel to families but, I think the staff does its best to make everyone feel as though they 'have a place there' and I can't wait to bring the little ones back to see what a great place I stayed at. The Westin properties are becoming my 'new favorite hotel' and, I'm to the point where there aren't many other hotels I'll consider when traveling. Even my friends, who are all performers on Broadway, were impressed with both the size of the room (I didn't have a suite) and how cool the inside was. So, in a city where there are almost as many hotel rooms as there are people, I think that's a huge compliment to the property!  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>iheartvaca
<Content>Good midtown location, spotty service When we booked through the spg program six months in advance we requested a king bed on a high level floor with a view. They granted part of that request, but unfortunately the view was not great. As you have undoubtedly read, the hotel is located a block from the garish Timesquare, which has its pluses and minuses. One downside is that there are few close local choices for dining; mostly chains instead. And there are crowds of people everywhere, which gets a bit old after a day or so. But transportation is never a problem and being close to most of the subway lines is a definite plus that should not be overlooked.Our room was nice and standard Westin quality. The bathroom was too clinical looking for my taste and there was not adequate counter space. But there were other shelves in the bathroom to use for storage. Contrary to one previous reviewer, I appreciated the cardboard Starwood coffee cups, which made it easy to grab coffee to go. Upon return late one afternoon, we found our room door partly ajar. Housekeeping had apparently forgotten to close it. The room was also not cleaned, made obvious by the still unmade bed. It was as though housekeeping had come in and then left right away (after taking the tip money we left out). We did a quick inventory of personal belongings of value in the room and did not find anything missing.Speaking of housekeeping, we would hang our towels up after using them, with the intention of using them one more time before changing them for fresh ones, and housekeeping would change them anyway. One day we left the dirty towels on the bathroom floor to indicate they needed changing, and we received no clean towels. Housekeeping overall seemed to be inconsistent, but minor inconveniences that were solved by a quick phone call to the service desk.I didnéˆ¥æª› understand why this hotel charged for use of the fitness center but Iéˆ¥æªe stayed in other Westins that have not. This is a confusing policy. We ran in Central Park instead of using the treadmills, which was a must-do experience for any runner who visits NYC, but it would have been nice to have complimentary use of the fitness center.Overall, the hotel was pleasant and a nice retreat from a long day of siteseeing and shopping. For a good rate I would probably stay again, but would hope for a view the next time around. However, there was nothing that made our stay spectacular, so if youéˆ¥æª™e looking for someplace really special, I would keep looking.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>George081
<Content>Excellent service, fantastic hotel and what a perfect location!       shower  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rylierules
<Content>Great Hotel for What we Paid I, my husband and our 13 year old daughter took our first NYC trip at the end of July. I read some really mixed reviews of this hotel but for $219 dollars a night I almost couldn't pass it up. We got the city view and it was incredible. We could watch the hustle and bustle below and sometimes hear the street bands play through our window. It was so conveniently located to times square and the comedy club across the street was AWESOME. The rooms are great, the beds are to die for. My own husband wouldn't even let me sleep with him because he wasn't sharing such a great bed with anyone LOL. Bathroom could have been cleaner, but who really cares. Maid services wasn't great, but again who cares. I guess the difference between the reviews you will read, and believe me I read ALOT,and my review is what I paid versus the rate you would normally pay. These rooms can go from 350 to 650 a room depending on the season. Service was great, location great, hotel was beautiful. Would I pay $600 a night? No way. But if your want a great hotel, and catch a great deal, I would definitely stay here again. Actually, I plan on going again in December of next year. If going visit Texas BarBQue. Good food, cheap drinks great atmosphere, but then again, I'm a native Texan. I hope you enjoy NYC as much as I did.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	2	5	3	-1	

<Author>bracamontes1123
<Content>Excellent location!! We stayed at the Westin Times Square for a long weekend in celebration of my 30th birthday. We booked our room in February '08 through a Hotwire Travel Ticker promotion for $199/night. By the time our trip rolled around rooms in the hotel and the surrounding area were in the range of $350/night or more. Anyway, besides the price, I have absolutely no regrets about staying at the Westin. Location: Between 7th and 8th Avenues and 42nd and 43rd Streets. You are in the center of everything! Every subway line stops within a 1/2 block of the hotel. Times Square is within a block. You have the option of exiting/entering on 42nd or 43rd...If you're going on a walk to times square, etc. you can enter/exit on 42nd and be in the center of the action. If you need a cab with a lot less hassle, exit on 43rd and the bellman can get for you without dealing with all of the traffic/people of times square. There are drug stores within a block, restaurants line every street (the 24 hour McD's came in handy), two movie theaters (one in the hotel and one across the street on 42nd), Madame Tussaud's, and Ripley's are across the street. Friends we traveled with stayed near the UN and in Murray Hill. No matter where we were traveling for the day, we always had to start out in Times Square. So, it took us 2 minutes to get to the meeting place, they had to take cabs, buses, or very long walks.Hotel cleanliness, amenities: There is a Shula's Steakhouse and bar on the property...I didn't try either so I can't give a review on them. However, it was nice having the option. The room itself was extremely clean and exactly as pictured on the websites I researched before booking. We had a view of the Hudson River. The windows are tinted so you are not bothered by blazing sunrises/sunsets. We were on the 43rd floor and coincidentally there was an ice machine on our floor that was very convenient. The bedding and shower were fantastic! I've been in a number of hotels that offer their products for sale...this is one of the first I actually browsed through for pricing and purchase details. Amazingly, the prices weren't out of this world...I would definitely consider purchasing the double shower head and comforter/duvet, etc. We had occassion to speak with the concierge--we had to leave messages as to our requests and we received return phone calls or the information requested was printed and slipped under our door..AWESOME! The front desk clerk that handled both our check-in and check-out was friendly and recognized/thanked us for being Starwood members and asked if I had any questions/requests. Upon checking out we checked our baggage with the bell desk--we left our luggage with them for several hours while we went to explore Central Park and Midtown Comics before our flight home. Both drop off and pick up of our bags was smooth as silk and not to mention convenient. The only improvement I'd make to the hotel might be a pool but, who knows if we would even have time to enjoy it...not a deal breaker. Bottom line, I would definitely stay here again and look forward to doing so very soon.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>rambuster
<Content>fantastic location fantastic location at times square, superb size room with air conditioning. good view over the city.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>fyona
<Content>Good value This hotel is good. Very good position at Times Square. Rooms ok, a bit drab, but beds/bathrooms are good...it's just the decor, weird colours. The bar/breakfast diner are fantastic, and all in all good value, we obtained a far better rate via the hotels own website. A must is Ellens diner nearby and avoid breakfast buffet at Hard Rock...!  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Robby7
<Content>A gem in the heart of Times Square Being a New Yorker I have had the chance to stay at the good and the bad in the City. The old adage you get what you pay for is true here.We stayed at a club level room for my brothers 50th birthday and found this hotel fantastic. Not only were the rooms super clean the service was above expectations. We had a few drinks in Bar10 although very low key the bar tender and wait staff were friendly and courteous. The rooms in this hotel are much bigger than others like the W in the area. You donéˆ¥æª› feel like you are in a closet. As far as convenience you are steps away from everything the area has to offer. Literally. We saw Young Frankenstein which was several doors away. Overall this hotel is in a class of itself. We are not high rollers but felt like kings for the weekend. and canéˆ¥æª› wait to go back next year.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>anna_rg
<Content>Lovely Hotel Overall, this was a lovely hotel which I would definitely recommend if you are staying in New York.Our stay at the hotel started off quite badly as after 15 hours of traveling from England we arrived to find that our room wasn't ready as it hadn't been cleaned. The man on the desk told us he would go and find someone to clean it and would return in ten minutes. After ten minutes he informed us the room would be an hour till it was ready, at which point we were starting to get quite annoyed. However, they allowed us to have a complimentary meal at the restaurant and later in the week sent some wine and cheese up to our room as an apology for the inconvenience.Aside from this incident, the rest of the stay at the hotel was fantastic. We were lucky enough to get a room on the very top floor, the 45th, which had fantastic views of the city including the Empire State Building. The room was clean and spacious, and the hotel in general was very nicely presented.The staff were excellent, and if you do stay there I highly recommend going to speak to the concierge who were extremely helpful on a number of occasions at recommending places to go and things to do, and giving us their own local knowledge of the area.The location of the hotel was fantastic, just a short walk from Times Square.I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to New York.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	-1	2	5	3	

<Author>Vacation209
<Content>Not as happy this time around This is the second stay for our family at this Westin in the past year. We were so happy with it last year that we opted to stay here again this year. We were here for three nights and had a few problems that will make me look elsewhere for our NYC vacation next year. I am fiercly loyal to a hotel as long as I feel they are loyal and responsive to their customers. We are Starwood gold memebrs and we received NOTHING-not even a smile- for this level. The front desk staff was surly and did not look you in the eye. One day, we left our room at 8 am and returned at 3:30 to find it had not been cleaned. After at least three calls to housekeeping we talked to the manager Nick who either has not been trained properly or who does not care. He told us he would make sure it was cleaned immediately. Well it was not until at least 4:30 that the maids showed up. And we never got a call from management checking to make sure the room had been cleaned nor did we receive an apology or a nice touch such as a free drink. We stayed on the 33rd floor and in this room we heard everything going on in the room beside us. Our room had an adjoining door so that may have been the reason. We did not eat at the hotel so I can not comment on that. This hotel is in a great location for walking and there is a lot to do in the area. Would I stay here again- probably not. Not because of the amenities but due solely to the attitude of the staff. There are too many hotels in NYC that welcome business and that want to please customers.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>guyfromwyoming
<Content>I had a so-so stay at the Westin Times Square I took my girlfriend to the Westin Times Square for her 25th birthday. We had never been to NY before. Everything was great with the check in, our room. The robes seemed to be wore, and there was only 1 in the room. Housekeeping was quick to respond to bring us a second robe. The only complaint that I had, was at Bar 10. The food we ordered was not good. The food was under cooked and too salty. But we ate it and the next day my girlfriend  I had food poisioning. It ruined our NY vacation.The hotel was nice enough to adjust the check off our bill.I would recommend the hotel, but definitely not Bar 10.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	4	4	4	2	-1	

<Author>convert94
<Content>Great Service and Property We arrive late and unfortunately the hotel did not have our requested two bedded room available but the desk clerk volunteered to get the front desk manager who appologized, compensated us with a free dinner in the hotel restaurant and by the time we were through eating our request room was ready.The room was very large with two queen beds and plenty of room to move around plus large desk space, large closet, large bathroom with tub shower.The place was immaculately maintained and service always very professional and friendly...the even loaned me an umbrella one day and went out of their way with typical tourist questions.An excellent location just a block from Times Square, buses, subway, tour buses and all the conveniences and trappings of this great big beautiful ciy.Definately recommend.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>krisyManila
<Content>Never again! We booked through Continental Guest Services from August 3-8, a continental club floor corner room. We booked a package which included several tours and 3 Broadway shows. We had to pre-pay for this package.We arrived early around 10 AM. We were told to check back around 1 PM in the event our room would be available. We went back around 1:30 PM and were told that a platinum starwood guest still occupied our room and the guest had the privilege to check our at 4 PM. I asked if we could have another room and I was told that it wouldn't be a club floor room but we'd have club floor privileges and a $100 credit. I agreed since my husband and I were dying to shower, and I was assured that the next day, Monday they'd take care of moving our luggage from our current room to the room we'd reserved and paid for in advance as long as I'd packed everything.We got back from our shopping tour Monday after 8 PM. I went to the front desk to get our keys for our new room. Guess what, the room hadn't been cleaned, and our stuff hadn't been moved. Can you imagine, unpacking, packing, and unpacking again in a span of 1 night? Not a good way to start a vacation.My husband was upset because he already felt cheated. There was no manager to face us or anybody in authority to offer us compensation for their shortcomings. I was told to return the next day. I went back Tuesday morning and was offered an additional $300 credit for our troubles.On hindsight, had it not been for the Broadway shows (Little Mermaid, Legally Blonde and Wicked) we really shouldn't have booked a package, because had we not prepaid, we'd have left the Westin the very next day. The hotel is conveniently located for watching shows, but the service, coordination, and hospitality is very poor. It just didn't make sense to me that a room would be left uncleaned, and that there was no housekeeping staff on duty at night.The experience at Westin Times Square has totally turned us off from booking with any other Starwood properties in the future!  
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	3	1	3	

<Author>Smiller11
<Content>Sleek        The Westin from 8th Avenue  43rd Street  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>VTgirlKent
<Content>Fantastic Birthday Surprise My husband booked our first stay in New York as a 50th birthday surprise and the hotel delivered in almost every way. Just a couple of negatives. The receptionist said she would upgrade us but we only got what we had paid for!!! The room was excellent, the bed - well just 'heavenly' and the views from the 29th floor just amazing! My only other gripe is the huge charge for the internet and the fact that the business centre delivered a fax to our room 4 days after they received it!!! We never ate in the restaurant or drank in the bar due to the prices but there are plenty of places to eat and drink nearby so it really wasn't a problem. Perfect location too. If the hotel offer any good deals we will certainly be back here next time we visit New York!  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	1	

<Author>DevonDylan
<Content>Great beds, great location, great views but lacking that special something!       Westin at Times Square  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	2	3	4	

<Author>EuroLondon
<Content>Pretty alright Stayed here in May for a few nights, after a business trip spent in the Sofitel. The Westin is quite touristy, but I thought it was pretty good for the money- only $320 per night for a deluxe room. A bargain for New York. Check in took a while- big queue in the lobby, but staff were friendly. Had a room on the 40th floor with a very decent view. Would recommend that people try to book a room on a high floor- even on the 40th, you could hear a little noise from the street, which was fine, but I suspect rooms on lower floors might be a bit noisy. The bedrooms feel a bit clinical- no warm wood tones here. Lots of white and grey surfaces, mixed with very dark wood. Sort of slate and stainless steel in the bathroom. Really comfortable mattress. Nice flatscreen tv. Room size wasn't massive, but definitely fine for one person. The rooms on higher floors are labelled as newly renovated. However, because it is such a busy hotel, I suspect these new rooms won't look new for very long. Some very minor signs of wear and tear. Also suspect the non-renovated rooms might not be very nice. Soundproofing in the room was alright. Not as good as the Sofitel, but miles better than the Grand Hyatt's paper-thin walls. There's a gym here, kind of small. Went to have a look around- a few machines, a bench, some free weights and mats. The hotel guide said there was a $10 charge- but I'm not sure if they actually make people pay. Instead I walked up a few blocks to W 55th Street and bought a day pass to somewhere called Club H- fantastic gym. Really clean, well equipped, loads of free weights and machines, plus a smoothie bar. Much better option if you want a decent workout- $25 but worth it if you are into the gym.Location is cheesy, but handy. Would definitely recommend the Westin for anyone going to New York for a holiday.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Wildlilac
<Content>Loved the Westin NYC Stayed for 4 nights at the Westin NYC and it was a great stay. Excellent location, helpful staff and extremely comfortable  clean bed (important after a long day of sightseeing)! Breakfast in hotel is a tad pricey but there is 'Europa Cafe', a cheaper place that you can go to right down the street.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>AngelXIII
<Content>The Westin: Pricey, safe, pricey, clean, pricey... busy. This was my 3rd time at the Westin on Time Square, of which the first 2 times were 'business' and while I appreciated the comfortable bed, I didn't really explore the Westin until I recently stayed there for a private occasion.Let's remember: It is after all NY. A lot of things in New York are overpriced. But first of all: the room. Certainly very comfortable beds, but after having spent at other places between my first two stays and this one, I have to say I was not as impressed as I had been a few years back. The Westin obviously upgraded to plasma flats screen TV's since then, so that's nice. I remember the furniture to be a little nice (I didn't have an extra ottoman in this room, but a rather ugly and not very comfortable chair w/ a stool). The bathroom was nice, even though it would be nice if the glas sliding door allows to be locked from the inside.The food in the hotel is outragiously overpriced. At least in my opinion. I spent one night at the hotel bar and consumed a ginger ale and a martini for together $22 dollars. From former experience I decided not to visit the steak house in the bottom floor of the hotel, which back then I did for breakfast and also found the pricing not relevant to the quality / amount of food served.Instead I frequent the European Cafe next door which in my opinion makes excellent salads, flat breads, breakfast foods, etc. One morning we even had them deliver, which they'll w/out extra charge, just that you have to pick it up from the front desk/security, because the Westin doesn't allow room deliveries from the outside.The Westin is conveniently connected to restaurants (a Shevy's Mexican restaurant which by the way has refreshing top shelf margaritas and food to go that is nicely packed and portioned generously, just in case you rather eat in your room), a Starbucks in the bottom floor, a movie theater, etc. Given the fact that it was a VERY hot summer weekend, the a/c cooled inside connection walk ways were quite refreshing. Location? Well, what's there to say? The Westin on Time Square says just that: the buzzing Time Square in front of it. If you are looking for the typical tourist New York experience, then its location is perfect. We could see Madam Tousseau's and Ripley's Believe it Or Not from our window, along w/ the typical view you would have from a top floor high rise in the city.Would I go back there? I am not sure. I now believe that there are comparable and/or even better hotels in that area. Plus, I don't know if I would choose such a tourist-driven area again for a visit. I think I would rather go to a little more 'authentic' in a more quiet neighborhood, possibly a BB.... The Westin - certainly not a bad choice, and if you want to be on the safe side, check in a hotel that appears to be safe, clean, central, etc. Be prepared to avoid the hotel options in regards to food unless you don't mind paying $30 for a chicken sandwich. But there are options to eat out everywhere around the Westin, not a problem!  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	2	

<Author>McQuade007
<Content>Very pleasant stay       If you can see past our mess, you can see the room is comfortable and spacious  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	5	3	

<Author>JadedInBoston
<Content>Good Experience I am a very frequent business traveller to Manhattan, but this was the first time I had stayed here. I was pleasantly surprised - the toom was fairly large, clean and the bathroom in excellent condition. Everything in the room worked. The bed was very comfortable and there was little or no noise (my room was on the 42nd floor). All in all, a minor miracle, considering where you are - one block from Times Square. And if you don't like the in-house food, there are millions of options within a mile radius.Service - I liked the one touch service - you call one number to get access to all services, rather than having to call room service, housekeeping, etc. separately. Some service gripes made me reduce my rating: my in-room dining cart and cutlery was not removed from room for an entire 24-hour period, although multiple housekeeping staff would have seen it. Secondly, as a business traveller I travel with two laptops, but I had to pay twice for Internet access, once for each computer. Central service express just told me to put my cart in the hallway and in relation to the Internet issue, said that that was just the way it was. Really superior customer service would have apologized for rhe first issue and waived the extra Internet fee.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	3	3	

<Author>alion76
<Content>Just perfect! After getting a fantastic rate for this hotel I was thrilled to see I got more than what I paid for. It was my son's birthday and first trip to NY and the Westin was fantastic.... They gave us a lovely room overlooking Times Square, sent a delicious cake, bottles of water and a cheese and fruit tray along with a Happy Birthday card to our room on the first night - very thoughtful and much appreciated by my son.The hotel itself is actually closer to 8th Ave (not as nice as 7th) but within a block of Times Square so no problem really. Our room was ready for check in at 3Pm and we were granted a late check out of 1PM the day we left. As always with Westin, the beds and showers were heavenly and that much is true! The room was made up very late one day but when I called to let them know it hadn't been done they came right up.All in all it was a fantastic stay and I will certainly be back again.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	5	3	

<Author>Helmsman78
<Content>Excellent in Every Aspect I recently booked a weekend stay at the Westin Times Square for my wife's 30th birthday. Everything about our stay was excellent beyond all expectations. The hotel is clean, quiet, comfortable, and very spacious. Given that I booked the trip through an online hotel/airfare package site, I was a little worried that our discounted room rate would result in discounted accommodations and service. Not so! The entire staff was professional, courteous and extremely helpful. More important, our room was outstanding. It was clean, spacious and comfortable just like the rest of the hotel. The central location is great for all that midtown has to offer, with Broadway theaters, Times Square and Hell's Kitchen (excellent restaurants) all within a few blocks and convenient subway access for those areas of the city a little further away. One final accolade... When confirming our reservation I asked about having a bottle of champagne waiting in the room upon our arrival. I decided not to follow through on the purchase as I wasn't exactly sure of our schedule, but the service agent I spoke to obviously made note of my request. Shortly after checking in, a chilled bottle of champagne arrived at our room, compliments of the hotel. Now that's service! Overall, I would rank the Westin as one of the top hotels in Manhattan. It's the only place we'll stay for any future trips.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dickson_thunder
<Content>Good Stay at the Westin We stayed for three days at the Westin Times Square from July 11th - 14th. We got an excellent rate through Expedia. Check-Inwas quick and friendly. We were upgraded to a club level roomon the 10th floor. Except for the tile on the bathroom floor needing a little buffing the room was clean and quiet. You did not hear the traffic except for a rare siren.We were one long block from Times Square and had a choiceof several medium-price chain eateries as well as a couple of McDoanld's and Subway's nearby.There were two subway stations within a block that made getting around a snap.One tip for those visiting needing soda and snacks. There is a Duane Ready Drug Store at the corner of Eighth Avenue and 42nd Street open 24 hours where you can stock up, Not as cheap as a big chain grocery store but much cheaper than the mini-bar.The one negative impression I had (and the only reason I didn't rate it 5 stars) is that upon checkout the bellmen almost grabthe bags out of your hand and tackle each other to get that tip.I had one hustle a tip out of me for helping get two bags through the front revolving door.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>WDWDolphinFan
<Content>Pros and Cons, But Very Touristy! I stayed at the Westin on a recent business trip. The location would be a plus for trips focused on the theaters, and may well be excellent for families sightseeing in New York, but I found the location a big drawback. The area around the hotel is packed with tourists, chain restaurants, and garish signs - a very different atmosphere than comparable mid-town hotels outside the Times Square area. I can see that having affordable restaurants that appeal to kids and teenagers would be a big plus for family trips, but the atmosphere in the surrounding area was not the New York I knew from many prior trips.  On the other hand, standard rooms here are a bit larger than at many other New York hotels, with much better views. The prevalence of rooms with good views is the hotel's biggest draw. The bathrooms are depressing, though - clearly meant to be someone's idea of modern, but instead just look like what you'd expect to find in a public train station. In what seems to be an trend these days, the door to the bathroom is glass (at least this one is rather opaque), making it almost impossible for someone to use the bathroom at night or before sunrise without the light waking a companion.  If this hotel were in a different location, I would definitely be back - the hotel is very nice (except for those regrettable bathrooms), with views that are both good and rare for New York. For families heading to New York to sightsee, though, this would be a great choice.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>greenstoat
<Content>Is this really a Westin? We arrived tired and a little edgy after flying in from Hong Kong, via LA. I was confident we would be looked after; my Starwood Gold card would look after us, right? Wrong! We were given what is without doubt the worst hotel room I have ever stayed in, in a developed country. The room was on the 9th floor, which, as it turned out, is also a convention and meetings area, where the few rooms are clustered together at one end. The room smelled musty, the plumbing was extremely noisy, and the fit out of the room reminded me of the 1970s. The piece de resistance, though, was the view...of a plant room some 10 feet from the window! The promised city view had not materialised, though if I stood on the bed and looked up I could just see the sky. We asked for another room, but were told there wasn't one. In the morning, we were woken by the rattle of trolleys, provisioning the conference and meetings area for the day. In short, a disaster, and one which caused me to wonder what standards are applied by Starwood to ensure its properties under the Westin brand are uniformly good. I have stayed at first class Westins in Shanghai, Auckland, Melbourne, and Sydney; they bear no resemblance, other than the name, to this place. Thankfully there was a first rate steakhouse on site, and the door staff were most helpful...without that I would have demanded my money back...and I wasn't paying!  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	3	3	4	3	

<Author>Lissie303
<Content>Westin was Great!       Lovely showers  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>robfets
<Content>Great rooms, great locations, lot of in an outs The price was excellent value for money, the location can not be improved but the lobby felt like the hall of a train station, lots of going in and out. Lacks some warmth. Nevertheless to be recommended  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	4	

<Author>WorktoTravel1
<Content>Disappointed for our 20th Wedding Aniversary! Very dissappointed! We made arrangements over three months ago to celebrate in the city where we went as Honeymooners 20 years ago-I had requested an upgrade to the room if at all possible-with three months you think that I could have a better room than one that faces the side street. This was 4 nights over the July 4th weekend and it would have been lovely to at least have a room that looked out over the East river to watch the fireworks! As starwood preferred members if that was the best they could do than you might prefer to be non-preferred as you might be treated with more respect and courtesy. Some of our bath towels were frayed and had seen better days and the Hevenly Bed must have gone the other direction (to Hell) and never returned as the mattress had seen better days. The Westin In Vancouver, Canada had the best mattress and that is what led us to book at the Westin in NYC. The front desk lady was not friendly at all but the bell captain and staff were very nice and helpful. There are other hotels for the kind of money spent here that will treat you as a treasured guest and I will see them again in the future.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	2	1	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>FloridaYellowfin
<Content>Great hotel for first trip to NYC This was my families first trip to NYC. We booked the hotel based on its location and reviews. We had a junior suite on the 28th floor. The room was large enough for my family of 4. The room was clean, quiet and the king bed was as good as it gets. The location was close to broadway theaters, time sq.,and the subway. The concierge booked all of our tours, shows etc. all great recomendations. The complementary breakfast was in a nice area with a friendly staff. Overall my stay was much better than what other reviewers have reported. Will definately stay at this hotel on my next trip back.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>LouisianaCleo
<Content>Use the safe. The hotel was everything I expected, but I want to advise everyone to use the safe provided in the room. I left a necklace and earrings on the desk when we left for the day. The cleaning service came in to clean our room, and when I went to wear the items the next day they were missing. I filled a report with the hotel, and they questioned the cleaning staff. But nothing was seen by anyone. I don't like accusing anyone of stealing, but I thoroughly checked all of my luggage. Please don't experience what I experienced, use the safe for any of your treasured or high dollar items.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	3	4	

<Author>malyfonti
<Content>July 4 2008 My Boyfriend and I stayed at the Westin Times Sqaure for 5 nights for my birthday which was the 4th of July. I honestly do not know how anyone can say anything bad about this hotel. Check in was super fast and we even received an upgrade to a corner room eventhough the hotel was 100% full. The room and view was incredible. The room was always clean and housekeeping did a great job. The heavenly bed is really heavenly!!! I have never slept in a better bed than this one, after a long day of walking New York City it was nice coming back to such comfort. The staff is very polite and always willing to help. They even sent up a bottle of wine for my birthday... I do not understand how anyone can say anything negative about this hotel... It was a great experience.. Would stay there again...  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LolitaEssex
<Content>Great hotel - Mediocre staff We booked direct with the hotel and got an executive room which was spacious, with a great bathroom though the view was poor. The breakfast in the executive lounge was good, with friendly staff (sometimes) just enough for a days sightseeing. The Shula's restaurant was fantastic and the meal well worth the cost, staff were very attentive too.Be very careful with your belongings - I left my bag in the hotel bar in the early hours of the morning (when there were only a few residents left), it was tucked away in a corner not in view. The bag wasn't handed in, even though the bar closed shortly after we left and i noticed it was missing before they re-opened. The bar had been cleaned but the bag wasn't handed in. When I reported it to reception they were not particularly interested and didn't even tell me to contact security. My husband went back later as he was less than happy about losing the cash, credit cards and my camera with all our pictures on from sightseeing in New York and Nashville for four days. Reception were more helpful this time and contacted security and the Bar Manager. We were told the Manager would contact us when he arrived in and had spoken to the cleaner, he never did and we had to keep on going back to ask security, going back over the details every time which when your trying to visit a city in three days is a waste of time. Losing the debit and credit cards almost ruined our trip as we were unable to do everything we planned as we only had the cash that my husband was carrying, fortunately we'd pre-paid for the hotel room and our passports weren't in there or we would have been stuck!Great centrally located hotel with the sort of staff often found in large cities.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>toltecs
<Content>Excellent Stay       The view out of #1403  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>gregpbc
<Content>OK stay in Times Square The Westin NY Times Square was pretty nice, but nothing to write home about. We got our rooms on a special rate under $200 per night, which is great for this area. At that rate, the hotel was well worth it, but I would never pay the normal $300-$400. On this trip we also stayed at the Westin Grand in DC and the Westin in Philadelphia. This hotel in Times Square was definitely inferior to the other two. The staff here were not very friendly. The tub in the bathroom was stopped up and the cordless phone next to the bed did not work. Housekeeping didn't clean our room the first day, either. The hotel's location is great for shows and Times Square attractions, and the Heavenly Beds are always extremely comfortable.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	5	4	3	3	1	

<Author>whatalife
<Content>Great Location Checked into the Westin on a Friday afternoon without too much hassle or delays, asked for ajoining rooms, got ones that were beside eachother, but no connecting door. Rooms were nice, clean, modern with an absoluely fabulous view of the river. That was an unexpected bonus. They were kind of small, but bigger than I expected after reading about NY hotels. The staff were friendly and helpful, expecially Nina at the concierge desk. The only hiccup we saw was that we booked 2 nights at 2 seperate rates........and were automatically checked out after our first night.........so keys didn't work, credit cards were charged etc. The clean up was horrific although the staff at the front desk did their best to be accomodating and helpful. Nice hotel with good service!  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>0319
<Content>Disappointing We have stayed in several Westin hotels around the world especially in Asia and have always had excellent experiences with the hotel's service, room, facility and so on. We natually expect Westin on Time Square to meet the same 5-star standard. However, we were very disappointed. The lobby looked run down, decoration in the room was just plain, the bathroom was very basic (kind of like Super 8 hotel) and the housekeeping service was very slow. We had to call twice to get extra shampoo. In a nutshell, we will not recommend this hotel to any one. There are other better hotels in the same area. We paid a 5-star rate but did not get the same level of value.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>patriot98
<Content>Excellent! We stayed at the Westin from 21-24 June. I had booked a king deluxe city view. This was our first trip to NYC, and we were also celebrating our 10th anniversary. I mentioned that in the comments when I booked the room and when we arrived we'd been upgraded to a king deluxe corner view on the 43rd floor. It was very nice. The hotel is a block from Times Square. We could see into Times Square, but didn't have a great view of it. Our view of the rest of the city and the water was very nice. The location was close to everything we wanted to access. I had no complaints about the service. Our room was always made up when we'd returned by midday. One day they forgot to replace the coffee and another day they didn't replace the water. The heavenly bed was truly heavenly, to the detriment of our plans, as I had difficulty getting my wife up from her nap to get to our Broadway play. We may end up purchasing one at some point. The heavenly shower was nice.Altogether, a very nice experience. I found the staff to be courteous and helpful each time I dealt with them and would definitely recommend the Westin.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>christosLimassol
<Content>Honeymoon in New York       view from the oom  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lisloy
<Content>Nice Hotel We stayed at the Westin for our recent NY trip and loved the location! The room were nice and clean. The beds were great. Bathrooms were nice but with little counter space. The rooom service was great and fast. I would stay again.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>hotelsearchers
<Content>The hotel was ok. This hotel was not the best hotel I stayed in before.When you ordered something through the concierge it takes them like 30 minutes to bring something.For example we asked for an extra bed earlier as we came to this hotel. When we got to our room and it wasn't there so we called the concierge to bring it up.Well of course he said ok, we will bring it right now We had to wait for approximately 30 minutes for them to bring up the extra bed.The extra bed was not the only thing that came late. Our suitcases didn't come for about 20 minuted. To every hotel I ever went to, they usuallybrought up our luggages in about 5 to 10 minutes.Another trouble we had at this hotel was was the breakfast room service. The food was pretty good, and we finshed it and left in in our room. We absolutely thought they would clean it up before we came back at 2 o'clock, but when we did it was still there.We called the concierge to take away our room service that we had in the morning. Of course the concierge said, Ok, we will do it right now WE left our room and went to watch amusical ad eat dinner and came back at 9 o`clock. Guess what? THE ROOM SERVICE WAS STILL THERE.One last incident that ade me furious was when we asked for a sewing kit and called the concierge they said the exact same thing. WE waited for 30 minutes AGAIN and please try guess what they brought? A VANITY KIT. WE paid them a dollar tip for somethign we didn't ask for. ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLEFor a hotel that cost 400 dollars a night I think this was an absolute waste of money. The rooms were small, no locks on the bathroom, and the guest service is HORRIBLE. They say they will do things RIGHT AWAY and they do not.I know Times Square is a really busy place and many people stay at the WEstin Times Square Hotel but I would be glad if they actually did what they SAY.I wuoldn't come back to this hotel again.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Vittorio_69
<Content>Cheap Fantastic Corner Room Booked On Hotel Website Booked via hotel website and averaged US$260 a night over 4 nights (inclusive) as they had a 3 night for price of 2 special for Thur to Sat check-ins and a US$199 a night special for Sundays.The very spacious corner room had 4 big windows with a view of the Hudson River through one window.Service was generally excellent but they stuffed up a little bit on check in - firstly, had to go way for 30 minutes as our room was not ready until check-in time of 3:00pm - this is bollocks as I am sure there was a room ready for us.; secondly, they lost track of our luggage and we were kept waiting around in our room for 50 minutes.Location was great as in Time Square area but the subway station under Times Square is quite large and required a lot of walking from 46th to 42nd Street.One of the classiest standard hotel rooms I have ever stayed in ever and we were very lucky with the price,  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	2	5	4	

<Author>sherrera95376
<Content>Loved the Westin in NY!       View from hotel room  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DefyGravity
<Content>Best Hotel I Ever Stayed At!!!!!!! I stayed at the Westin on June 17th and it was the best hotel I have ever stayed at. It was deff the BIGGEST room I was ever in in NYC. I shared a room with my friend who had booked it for a very low $147.00. I was looking at the real room price and it turns out that we were in a $1500.00 a night room. The double shower head was AMAZING and I wanted to take it home with me. The beds were comfy but not as comfy as I expected them to be. The quilt(comforter) that was on it was so heavy that it gave me leg cramps while I was trying to sleep. The BIG flat screen TV was a plus as was the Ipod dock radio. Overall I would stay there again only if I could get a great deal like my friend did because quite frankly I could never afford to stay there any other way.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Adobegal
<Content>Not up to Westin Standards I have stayed at Westin Hotels all over the world because I love them...all but the Westin Times Square. The lobby was dingy and the furniture was worn. Our room was large by NYC standards but there was a dirt spot on one of the duvets and dust on the headboards. They did accommodate an early check-in and late departure. However, after requesting a 2:30 check-out time we found ourselves locked out of our room after returning at 2:15. Apparently the keys automatically time out at 2pm but no one bothered to tell us. The hallway had debris in it for an entire day that was not cleaned up, etc. The beds were comfy as always, but other than that I would not recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	4	3	3	2	4	

<Author>KellyinKentucky
<Content>Great Location ~ OK Room ~ Great Service Hi......Booked for a weekend trip to the city. Stayed Friday - Sunday. Our flight was delayed and we arrived at 10:00 pm - the receptionist gave us drink vouchers for the bar since the club level was closed. Very nice. We booked through the website - great deal and then after we booked we received an email from the hotel w/ an offer for $50 upgraded to club level. We accepted the offer and really enjoyed the club level. Drinks, breakfast and afternoon appetizers (which were more of a meal than a snack:).......room was just ok - we didn't find the bed nearly as comfy as previous westin stays and our view on the 26th floor wasn't good either - definitely request room w/a view......Our flight on Sunday did not leave until 9:00 pm so they happily kept our luggage safely while we went to the Yankees Game and enjoyed the city. After we returned we were able to shower in the spa and change before our flight home, which was a wonderful touch since it was such a hot weekend. Staff went above and beyond to meet our every need. We realllllllllly enjoyed our stay and would not hesitate for the location again - soooo close to Times Square, Broadway Shows, Subway, etc.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lacunar
<Content>Good choice This is a very nice hotel. It is located in the Times Square area, and several Broadway theaters are within 1-3 blocks. There are plenty of restaurants in the area as well. The hotel itself is nicely decorated. I stayed in a corner city-view room, which offered impressive views of the city. The room was average in terms of size but above average in terms of decoration and comfort. The shower features 2 shower heads. It might not be good for the environment, but it sure felt good. The air conditioning was not able to keep up with the 100 degree weather as much as I would have liked, but the room was fairly comfortable. Overall, this is a very nice hotel in a good location. Pricewise, you'll pay for it, but this is still a good choice.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>DocJewels
<Content>Less than impressed Iéˆ¥æª“ aware that NY hotels are not all that great, but the Westin Times Square did not impress for the price. Iéˆ¥æª“ not sure what everyone is raving about. The hotel is located in a VERY crowded area of Times Square surrounded by chain restaurants (McDonalds, Chevyéˆ¥æªš, etc) and strip clubs. I counted 4 strip clubs to be exact. I recommend staying closer to Central Park. We also had numerous billing problems. Even though our room was on the Executive Club Level they kept charging us every time we used one of our club level perks that was supposed to be included. Also, our room keys did not work and the water coming out of the sink and shower had a sewer-brine smell to it. The hotel also had back to back high school proméˆ¥æªš the nights we were staying there and the hotel was allowing the loud music past 1:00am. Who knew there were high school proms on Sunday and Monday? Pass on this hotel. (FYI éˆ¥?I am a Starwood Preferred Member).  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	2	3	4	2	3	

<Author>avillebud
<Content>2nd Stay Not As Nice As First       Bathroom  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>katiey424
<Content>Weekend Stay in NYC We arrived on Friday afternoon and had put in a request for a club level room which was unavailable. We were told that we had been upgraded to a better room but I couldn't see anything out of the ordinary. The lobby was extremely crowded. We had a leak issue in the room and reported it to the front desk. Someone from Engineering called to confirm the situation and promptly took care of it while we were out to dinner.Our room was on a higher floor and provided a spectacular view of the river. There are two entrances to the hotel (one facing 42nd and one facing 43rd) which provides easy access to the subway system and Times Square.Overall, the location was great and the accomodations were comfortable. The hotel decor is very modern and clean. Our room had a stainless steel sink and counter area along with two shower heads in the shower. The beds were the signature Westin Heavenly Bed and the room had a beautiful flat screen television.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	5	5	3	4	3	

<Author>markobmf
<Content>great stay in the city This hotel worked well for a pre-christmas trip to New York. The room was fine and the location was great (used to be a pretty rough area not long ago across from port authority bus terminal). The one time we needed help from the concierge we had to wait a tremendously long time and the hotel was at very low occupancy.The room itself was a standard Westin room, which is a good thing. I'd stay here again if the price was right (this is New York and that is always a consideration) but nothing stood out as a particularly fine experience worthy of another stay.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>MFT
<Content>What a waste! We booked nine rooms for my sister's wedding party in NYC, of which four weren't ready for occupancy when we arrived at 4.00pm (including the bride's room). No apology was made; in fact staff seemed bemused that we might even find this unsatisfactory. When questioned, the concierge advised us that although she was from Brooklyn, she couldn't help with restaurant reservations there: she only knew about Manhattan (although seemingly didn't know what day the Museum of Modern Art might be closed). Towels weren't replaced after the first night, and we had to repeatedly ring for replacements; neither was bottled water, which given the amount we paid can hardly be described as a luxury; decor can only be described as dowdy; and, incredibly, room to room calls were charged to the bill!! This hotel is simply too large for the staff to care about service. Don't waste your money staying here.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>2	1	3	3	4	1	1	3	

<Author>SPGloyal
<Content>Good for business or theater This is good hotel if you are in town on business, or want to be really close to the various theaters. Otherwise, it is a bit generic. Pros-If you are a platinum guest you have free use of the executive lounge (free breakfast etc) and the gym.-Decent sized rooms for New York.-Easy to grab a taxi on eight avenue.-Less congested than W in Times SquareCons-Area can be a bit sketchy.-Don't often get platinum upgrades.-If you're not a platinum guest, I think you have to pay for the gym.-Room service food not great.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>luv2travel83
<Content>Great Stay at the Westin I stayed at the Westin on May 30th and I was really pleased with everything. I stayed in a junior suite on the 35th floor and we loved the room! My boyfriend and I also asked for the romance package which was a really nice plus. I checked in at 3 and it was flawless, shortly after arriving to our room we were greeted with champagne and strawberries. Anything we needed, it was there promptly and this includes a refridgerator, new sheets and towels, and room service. Very fast service and we never had to wait for anything.It was also nice to come back from dinner and find more strawberries and champagne waiting for us(which we never asked for). Overall a really great stay and would stay here again. I would also recommend that couples go for the romance package - for an extra $50 you get a 4pm checkout, free breakfast in the Shulas restaurant(which was delicious), and complimentary strawberries and champagne. Definitely worth it.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>LogrusUk
<Content>Great Hotel - Great Location - Great Room My wife and i stayed in the Westin for 3 nights at the end of May.Arrived into Newark and took the bus into the Port Authority bus terminal, this was cheap and easy to do and very very close to the Westin, so was a breeze. We arrived early and the room was not ready, but we expected this and the staff immediately offered to take our bags until 3pm when the room would be ready, we came back about 3:30 and the room was available.What a room! Booked a corner room, we were placed on the 39th floor and had amazing views of the Empire State building along one side and up and down the Hudson on the other. Room was clean and fresh and all the fittings were in perfect working order. nice flat screen TV for when we were relaxing. The only tiny problem we had was our fridge locking itself on our last day, but a quick phonecall to reception had a man at our door in under 5 minutes who fixed this promptly. Check in/out was quick and easy, the business centre offers free use of the internet for checking in for flights, which was very very useful.When asking for advice from the hotel staff they were all friendly and helpful often finding us a map and often pointing out discounts that are available.We never used the hotel restaurant, as we ate out all the time and looking at the prices i am glad we did.The location is fantastic, very close to the action of Times Square and quite central for all the shopping and sight seeing.In conclusion i would highly recommend a corner room at the Westin, we have already promised ourselves we will stay there when we go back next year (hopefully).  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>MarylandTravelJunkie
<Content>Fabulous Hotel  I just got back from an overnight stay at this hotel and I must say it was great!!This is my first time leaving a review. I felt this hotel was worth taking the time to do so.First, the staff is super friendly and accomodating. Check In is at 3 PM, however, we arrived at 10 AM and got our room right away!!After check out on our last day, they held our luggage at the hotel while we did some more sightseeing.The rooms were spacious. The beds were super comfy and the shower was awesome!!The location is in the heart of Times Square and a block from Port Authority. I would recommend without any hesitation.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>blcn
<Content>Excellent location. Too crowded. Pros:- Yes, the location is excellent, near the theaters and everything else in times square.- The room is clean, spacious, bed is confortable, shower is great...- We asked for a late check-out and got one more hour cost-free.Cons:- The front desk staff is always busy. We took a long time to check-in/check-out. The hotel is big and too crowded, there are always too many people checking-in/out.- We've tried to buy theater tickets with the hotel's concierge service but it was too expensive. We bought it through ticketmaster.- We ate once at the hotel's reataurant but I would rate it as a three-star food and the staff was unsympathetic.- I've received a package through the business center and it was delivered to our room, what is positive. The problem is that I was told that this would be cost-free but we were charged (but it was so cheap we did not even complaint about it).Overall it is a very good hotel, especially if you want to stay near times square. I would rate it as a regular four-star.  
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>Msk6261
<Content>Great Stay, great location We were so pleased with this hotel that we choose to stay here for extending a business trip rather than move to the W (which we had originally planned). Room was similar in style to the W but much larger. Nice views. True Westin quality in recently re-done rooms. All Westin amenities apply.The location in Times Square and proximity to the subway was great. We'll stay here again!  
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dan_the_guru
<Content>Absolutely Fabulous. Stay there!       View from our room  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>mcnurse888
<Content>Great location, fabulous service. Just spent a six night stay at this hotel. Booked through SPG as hubby is plat and got a great upgrade to a suite. Check in was smooth and quick. Bags were already in our room when we arrived. So close to Times Square and Broadway shows.Saw Spamalot and it was just around the corner. Also walked to Rockefeller Center and to Central park. The hotel also arranged cars for us and booked us on a fabulous helicopter tour through Manhatten Helicopters. Can't say enough about the fabulous service we had. Wasn't really fond of the stainlesss steel sinks in the bathroom but that was a very minor detail. Overall our family loved the Westin. We are already planning a return trip in September!!  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>winter_turtle
<Content>Busy large scale hotel My husband and I were there on vacation over Memorial Day weekend. The hotel is clean, safe, and good size room for NYC. If you want to spend time in Time Square and like a busy/touristy location, this is a good match. Otherwise, stay in another part of town. You will get the Time Square experience here.  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>hilfigaro
<Content>Loved it ! This hotel is located in the heart of Times Square and everything is a stone throw away be it theatres, cinemas, and night life. Amazing location and fantastic spacious rooms. Highly recommend it.  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Spottyonetwo
<Content>Great Location This hotel has a great location, right in the heart of Times Square, and across the road from the Port Authority (buses and train service). It is surrounded by dozens of eating places and the usual touristy shops. Check in was smooth and fast, as I arrived in the evening. I was given access to the Executive Lounge, which was nice (continental breakfast of boiled eggs, fruit, cereal, toast and pastries) Cocktail time cheese and crackers, antipasto platter and usually two hot hors d'oeuvres - wine is available as well.The rooms are relatively small, with superb Westin comfort beds and LCD TV. The bathrooms are small as well, but adequate. Found the amenities to be rather frugal this time around - very limited and I had to call down and ask for a shower cap, cotton balls etc. Also had to ask to have the free coffee and tea replenished as this wasn't done. The room cleanliness was so/so - bits of paper and tissue left on the carpet, and in the bathroom until we complained about that. Seems like they don't vacuum every day!Overall, this is a good hotel and we would most definitely return -  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	2	4	3	-1	

<Author>Patrick2008
<Content>Great Time at Westin NYC! The Westin was great. 38th floor offered nice city and Hudson River view. Would definately stay there again. Close to times square, theatres and 42nd St Subway station. Nice hotel bar too.  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Uppy
<Content>A Wonderful, Lovely Stay at the Westin Our rooms were booked using Priceline less than a week before our stay. Our 2 night Monday to Wednesday stay, May 12-14, at the Westin went well. There was no way I could pay rack rates of $500 a night so without Priceline our spur of the moment, side trip to New York from Washington D.C. would not have happened. My tired, aching feet were happy our Priceline bid landed us at the Westin-Times Square.When I called to confirm our reservation, at check in and when we checked out no mention was made of Priceline. All that was noted was that the room was prepaid. I was asked for a photo ID at check in and a credit card for incidentals. Westin staff were all cordial and helpful. I saw no children other than ours at the hotel during our stay. Every Westin staff person we ran into welcomed the kids. They were made to feel really special, complimented and treated like little princesses. I noted we were traveling with 3 young children and needed rooms next door to each other when I called to confirm. I was actually assigned adjoining rooms, exactly what we wanted. The standard Westin-Times Square (a bit confusing because Westin-New York is on hotel signs) room has 2 double beds so this worked great for us. I do remember looking out the window at some point and the view was nothing special. A view was not important as what little time we spent in the room we were asleep or getting dressed so the shades were drawn. A shame really because the room had wall to wall windows. There were both shades and black out curtains at the windows. The trademark Westin beds were as marketed, heavenly.Room size seemed normal with ample room between the beds and the walls. I liked the padded bench to sit on or to put suitcases on that was next to the dresser. We lived out of our suitcase so did not use the dresser drawers. If 4 people are in the room drawer space will be tight. The bathroom had a pocket door and an itty bitty sink but was as spacious as most hotel bathrooms with excellent water pressure. One white terry cloth robe and one bottle each of shampoo, conditioner, lotion, mouth wash with 2 small bars of soap stocked the bathroom. If I cared or was the nitpicking sort I guess I could complain that no shower cap was provided. The towels were large and 4 complete sets per room were provided. I saw one woman in the elevator carrying a cellophane wrapped toothbrush with a 1 inch tube of toothpaste so I assume extra hygiene products were available upon request. The room was clean and all rooms were non smoking. At one point during the evening I was sure I smelled cigarette smoke. I'm not sure how the nonsmoking rule is enforced. There was a large flat screen TV, a safe, iron, coffee maker, ice bucket, glasses and disposable cups, IPOD dock with radio and alarm clock in the room but no refrigerator with high priced snacks. If you can't find something look in the closet everything, even the coffee maker, was hidden behind the sliding door. We heard the occasional siren during the night but no other city noise. Once the door was closed I heard no hall noise or sounds from neighboring rooms. Walking down the hallway, I could hear the TVs from other rooms. I'm not one for decor but I think modern best describes the rooms. Not exactly my cup of tea but black, orangy gold and stainless steel were what stuck with me along with the all white heavenly beds. We arrived by train at Penn Station (about 5 minutes and $6.25 by taxi to the Westin) so I have no idea what parking was like or the cost. I found using busses or the subway to get around was not particularly easy, inexpensive or fast. If they could be found the Transit employees were not at all helpful in navigating the system so we relied on our feet. The Times Square crowds were not too bad during the day but at night the sidewalks were so crowded it was difficult to walk. On a positive note this made me feel quite safe walking with kids (holding hands in a chain) out late after taking in a couple of Broadway shows. We saw Phantom at the Majestic Theater less than a 2 minute walk from the Westin. Our Tuesday night show was at the Longacre on 49th between 8th and Broadway. Through the slooow evening crowds this was about a 15 minute walk.The Westin was a 5 to 7 minute stroll to the Marriott Marquis where the TKTS discount ticket booth is temporarily located. This was important because I had not booked any theater tickets and relied on TKTS for tickets for both nights. In fact we stopped and purchased tickets for our first night before checking into the Westin. The Westin's location made it easy to plan our sight seeing around the TKTS booths hours, allowing one adult to stand in line while the other took the kids back to the hotel to rest and for snacks. The TKTS line moved quickly. On Monday I got in line at 3:07 and had tickets at 3:48. On Tuesday we got in the play only line at 2:00 and had tickets to our show of choice in 15 minutes. I've been told this is common early in the week but one should arrive at the booth earlier later in the week and on weekends. On our last day at the Westin I asked for a late check out but it was not available. We checked out at noon and were able to leave our bags with the bellman and get in a full day of sight seeing. I was told as long as we were back to pick up our bags by midnight we would be fine. We of course got back well before midnight. The bellman got us a taxi with no waiting and we were off. The Westin was an excellent hotel at any price and a dream come true at Priceline rates.  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>Interista63
<Content>Wonderfull week in NY We spent five days in NY , we stay at Westin Time square , perfect location for visiting all the city . Close to the theater , we experienced Spamelot , amusing easy also for who doesn't speek fluently . Excellent japan restaurant in front of the hotel absolutely not expensive (expecially with the exchange rate $ vs éˆ§?at 1,55) I suggest to book with expedia also the city pass ( 6 tikets for museums, empire state building and circle line with a special discount)  
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	-1	4	4	5	

<Author>JoLiverpool
<Content>Brill Hotel - couldnt ask for better We stayed at this hotel for my hubby's 30th bfday (end of April 08) - had emailed the hotel earlier and on arrival was told there were no corner rooms left but we were given 2 rooms on the 29th floor (we travelled with friends as well) and were really happy with them - the lift is mad and takes u to ur floor really quickly.On entering the room (which was roomy, very clean and had the facilities people stated earlier, huge lcd telly, ipod docking station etc) we got a lovely card welcoming us to the hotel and a cake for my hubby's bfday which i thought was a nice touch.we had nice views over the river and could see the helicopters going up and down daily and views of other large buildings in the area, nice large windows.Would defo recommend this hotel - the location is great - nice deli on the corner - europa or something its called for a quick breakfast before heading off for the sitesReally close to Times Square and walking distance to main attractions - if i returned to New York would defo stay here again - the staff were helpful and the rooms were cleaned daily and always had fresh towels. The bed is to die for and want one back home here in the UK ha ha We tried the Hotel bar and thought it was reasonably priced for a hotel.Jo  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>copan28
<Content>As expected I stayed at the Westin for 2 nights in early May. Most hotel rooms are not wide but deep so I was impressed by the wide layout and wall to wall windows which really brightens the room. I had a room that was facing the NY Times building which at night had most of its lights on. I had to close the shades in order to sleep.I really liked the the Starbucks paper cups because I know they are clean. There was a report recently in Good Morning America that found most cups in hotel rooms are full of bacteria. The report showed maids wiping them clean with a damp towel or rinsing them in cold water from the bathroom sink.Things that I didn't like so much was the ipod alarm clock which was tricky to set up and the cost of internet which was not posted in the rooms. I also found that the carpet was not vacuumed properly as there were specs of stuff [could be food] in areas where the vacuum hose doesn't easily reach. I saw it on my first day and it still wasn't picked up when I left.For $400/night, I did expect everything to be on superior side but even with some minor points, I would stay at the Westin again.  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	2	4	3	2	

<Author>tenoclock
<Content>Good pick for times sq area The Westin is in a good location if you need to be in Times Square (which i don't advocate). The room was a typical Westin - generally clean, average amenities, nice bathrobes and towels. This Westin had particularly thin walls - and i surely heard loud and clear noises that I did not want to hear. Ipod alarm clock would have been nice, but didn't work and I couldn't set the alarm. The front desk staff were very nice, the folks at 0 were rude.In general, just another stay in a new york hotel  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Pinkhearts
<Content>Great Location .... Great Hotel Just returned from 3 night stay at the Westin, Times Square. Hotel is ideally situated for exploring all sights in NY. Rooms are large and very comfortable ..... huge bed that is so comfortable. Good sized bathroom with everything you need and more. Didn't use the hotel restaurant so cannot comment on that but found a wonderful place for breakfast, Pershings Cafe, right near to Central Station.If you are looking for a good standard hotel centrally located then look no further.  
<Date>May 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>Adbaradam
<Content>On top of the New York world! Well, not quite the top of the world, but the 39th floor. We researched the hotel before our trip to New York and read all the good reviews on Tripadviser before making the booking. We were not able to book the straight four days through their 'deals' site, so spent the first night in another hotel before spending the remaining three at the Westin.Very easy to get to, flew in to Newark and then got the train to Penn Street Station and the Westin was only a couple of stops away on the subway, with the subway entrance right below the hotel on the corner of 43rd Street and 8th Avenue.We were there early and as it was a special birthday trip, we asked if it would be possible to book in earlier so that we could get out and about. They obliged and by 1.00pm we were in our corner view room on the 39th floor. The room was spectacular. It had an enormous and very comfortable bed, plenty of storage space, a great bathroom and fantastic views out over the river to New Jersey and all the way down 8th Avenue to Columbus Circle at the start of Central Park. There was a large LCD television, Ipod clock radio alarm with docking station for your Ipod, hairdryer, safe, mini bar and all the other usual hotel comforts. Most surprising though was the fact that everything worked, nothing looked worn out, shabby or of poor quality. In fact, there was nothing to complain about. Being so high up also meant that we got no noise problems!Though on a high floor, the elevators are plenty and incredibly fast, only a few seconds to the ground. All the staff were good and the cleaning service was both very professional and almost invisible. Didnéˆ¥æª› eat or drink in the hotel as we were always out, but the Westin has a policy of éˆ¥æ¦¬esidents onlyéˆ¥?later at night, so, it keeps the place nice and safe.The location is excellent. It only takes a 15 minute walk to Central Park and the usual places of interest, such as Grand Central Station and the Empire State are within a 20 minute walk of the hotel. It is also on the doorstep of the theatre district, which means you can have a great night out, have something to eat and still be within a short distance of the hotel.So, would definitely choose the Westin at Times Square again for our next trip!  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>KEGALL
<Content>Great hotel!! This is a very nice modern hotel slap bang in the middle of NY. What we loved about the hotel was the size  comfort of the rooms. Huge bed, desk, great view from the 25th floor room looking north uptown  over the river. Bathroom is also great with a great double headed shower.Shula restaurant is very nice with big portions  good service. Hotel bar is ok but with slow service.Negatives - none really apart from not much toilet roll on the first night  a $18 1 minute phone call to the UK. Total rip off. How can any hotel justify this cost ? I recomend you go to the Marriot on Times sq  go up to the revolving restaurant / bar for great view of Manhatten  you can see the Westin from there too.I would stay in this hotel again!  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>bjavinson
<Content>Top Hotel, Top Location, Great Deal My wife and I stayed ta the Westin Times Square for 4 nights in November 2007. We were able to book a fantastic Thanksgiving Shopping Deal at the hotel, savings hundreds of dollar from Expedia's rate.Service at the hotel was fine, nothing special, nothing bad though either. The bed was incredible. Loved the Ipod dock. Also loved the close proximity to Times Square, Subway, Theatres etc. Room was pretty standard hotel size, the view from our room was nothing special, but we didn't come for the view. Room was clean. Would happily recommend this hotel to anyone, just make sure you check the hotel's website for specials before booking.One recommendation, don't use the super shuttle from JFK to this hotel, it took ages, just use a yellow cab.  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	3	3	4	

<Author>NurseMel9
<Content>Was Completely Satisfied with Westin I was really happy with my stay at the Westin. I booked the hotel based on price, location, and class. The staff was very professional and helpful. The room was very clean and the view was great. I encountered none of the bad comments from previous reviewers. I would highly recommend this place to friends/colleagues and stay here again.  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mctay
<Content>Great View From 37th Floor We stayed here for 5 nights in the last week of April. We had a room on the 37th floor and could see the Empire State Building and the Hudson river. Returning to the room was always great just to enjoy the views. The room itself was spotlessly clean and we had no problem with the toilet either the flushing which was like a cruise ship vacum style or the space to store items as there was a display cabinet on the bathroom wall. We could hear the occasional toilet flushing elsehere but it never annoyed us.The location is fantastic just off Times Square and sitting on top of the 42nd Street subway. I would have no hesitation in using the Westin on my next visit to NYC.  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>cottbeach
<Content>loved this hotel We arrived in New York mid afternoon and checked into the Sheraton Towers as planned.One look at our rooms ( dark,small and depressing ) prompted us to make a few calls to see if we could find a better hotel.Fortunately the Westin could accomodate us for the 4 nights..The rooms wre on the 43rd floor and were spacious.We had a third bed put in one room with room to spare.Shula's restaurant is expensive but without fault.The concierge secured great seats at short notice for 2 very popular Broadway shows and gave fantastic advice on restaurants our children would enjoy.My only complaint is about the housekeeping.The rooms were immaculate on our arrival.However the general cleaning throughout our stay was poor.We had to ring for towels etc every day.All in all a great hotel in a superb location and one I would reccomend.  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	2	4	3	-1	

<Author>chickzilla
<Content>Great Hotel for the true Tourist Experience. We stayed here in a VERY un-tourist friendly time of year. But the hotel was exceptional. We did not eat in the hotel but the room, housekeeping, and front-desk staff were all more than adequate. The room was spacious, the amenities were classic Westin upscale. In the freezing cold and with a Starbucks and a movie theater right underneath, this hotel is a must for not travelling too far from home-base to see everything Times Square has to offer.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>andrewjsl
<Content>Overall, a positive experience       Washroom  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>drpc12
<Content>You will be very happy at the Westin The Westin is a great hotel. It is clean, modern, and the staff is great. By modern, I mean plentiful, quick elevators, good water pressure in the shower, modern bathroom, comfortable beds. No old creaky elevators, no saggy mattresses, no showers that dribble out and constantly change temperatures---thank God!Yes, modern is definitely better than boutique, to me!We were on the 38th floor with a great waterview and we were able to open the window slightly for a little fresh air!Another nice feature was a safe in the room. The i-pod docking unit was great also!The only negatives were the lack of free internet service. I went to the conceirge and they were able to give me the info I wanted. Also, parking was around $45-50/night......though most hotels charge similar rates.You can't go wrong here. I don't look for nor expect slippers, coffee mugs, etc., in my rooms, so I was not the least bit disappointed! I look at the big picture....nice bed, elevators, and bathroom! The Westin met our every need!  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>CYRILLE172H
<Content>Amazing Loved it, loved it, loved it! I wish I could sleep in a westin bed every night, after staying here where ever i go I always look for a Westin Hotel and every time I have stayed in one they have always been great. Its in a great location, you can't go wrong staying here. The beds are really comfy, I've never slept as good.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Go_Traveller087
<Content>Loved the Westin - Would recommend I booked the Westin Hotel Times Square for 3 nights in the beginning of April 2008. I did not want to arrive in New York City to discover that the hotel was grotty so I booked a hotel that was slightly above the average price and I was not dissapointed.The hotel was very smart and its location could not have been better - it was one block away from the centre of Times Square, with a subway station a 2 min walk away. The rooms were large, considering this is a New York hotel, and were very inviting. We had the most comftorable bed ever (which is a feature of the WestIn) and the shower had two heads for maximum use. We had the use of a flat screen TV and cable, alarm system etc. We stayed on the 22nd floor and the views were magnificent. We could even see New Jersey across the river! We did not sample any of the food seved within the Hotel as I considered it over priced, but all the restaurants you could possibly need were within easy walking distance - even a Ben and Jerrys parlour opposite the entrance. I would definately recommend this hotel to any fellow traveller - you will not be dissapointed!  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>travelsavant
<Content>Great room at the Westin Booked a fantastic rate via TravelZoo ($199 nt) and upgraded to Executive King, Club Floor for another $50; super deal for Westin in NYC. Club rooms are located 10-16th floors so really great views are not available, but view on 16th floor was good and size of room and extra amenities were very nice (lounge access for free breakfast, afternoon snacks). Room was as depicted on hotel website: huge by NYC standards  very modern, sleek decor. Low chair was ok, but a bit awkward  no side table, even though plenty of space. A real plus: IMAC computer  IPOD docking in Bose system. Desk/chair/work area was comfortable  had good lighting. Room was very clean, came with a robe  bathroom was large (not the usual NYC closet!). Heavenly bed once again lived up to its name! Check-in had a few issues but ultimately  politely resolved ; overall service at all levels was good. Great location if you are in town for theater/plays, as easy walk to all of them. Lots of dining options nearby. If SPG Gold Level  higher, will allow late 4pm late checkout (if able). Club lounge was nice but nothing special  had usual amenities, such as free food  drinks (non-alcoholic)  some confortable sitting areas with large screen TV's. Only negative, it did not have guest computer/printer access but the service attendant was very helpful and printed my boarding pass for me. Only gripe, Internet for a fee  no WIFI in room, only in public areas of hotel. Overall, stayed 5 days  was very satisfied  would stay again.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>ballumbie
<Content>Perfect, great hotel Just back from a 3 night stay at the Westin. Have stayed in the Time Hotel and Hudson Hotel previously, but this Westin was by far the best. The rooms were huge, 2 big beds, the room was really clean, you could smell the cleanliness when you walked in the room. We stayed on the 37th floor and got great views. Really close to Times Square, perfect location. Looking at previous reviews of people who complain that the hotel doesn't have specific facilities, or items (such as slippers!) is just plain stupid and people being too fussy and demanding too much. Plus, who wears slippers when they stay at a hotel??? Overall, a great hotel and if you are considering a stay here, I would definately recommend. Oh, by the way, we ordered room service one night, they have the biggest shrimp cocktail ever, delicious!  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Maedog
<Content>Great, comfy bed. My girlfriend  I did a trip into the city  decided to stay overnight. The Westin was just lovely. The check-in was smooth  our room was clean. The decor is minimalist chic and the beds are really comfortable. We were happy with the iPod docking station/alarm clock so we could listen to music. I would recommend to anyone needing a room in the city.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TPXB
<Content>One of the Best I have stayed in... This was our first stay at the Westin in about 4 years and I have to say it was our best. My wife and I added it up and we have stayed at 16 different hotels in Manhattan and I think this past stay was best room and best experience.Upon check-in we were assigned a corner room and it had great views. The room ended with a éˆ¥?9éˆ¥? so if you can swing that I would encourage it. The room was clean and a great size for NYC. Everyone we came in contact with was very helpful and we had no troubles. I would very much recommend this hotel to first time visitors to NYC, its in a great location.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mattrLondon
<Content>Good hotel - Great location We stayed at this hotel for 4 nights in September 2007. As many of the other people have pointed out, the location of the hotel is great. The hotel itself is pretty much what you would expect with a large chain - the service is OK, the rooms are good (stylish decor, all amenities you would expect), although I would note that the bathrooms are not really up to the standard you would expect from a Westin. The view from our room was very good. The front desk staff were a little dis-interested and on the one occasion we tried to use the concierge he was not helpful. In the standard room's bathroom there is no separate shower and the cleanliness could/should have been better than it was. We ate one meal in the hotel which was good and of a reasonable price with good service. I don't have any real criticism of the hotel - it was pretty good overall and if you want to be located close to times square you could not do better, but I can't say I would hurry to stay again.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>kellyorc
<Content>Won't stay here again This was our second stay at the Westin Times Square, this time for four days and I left disappointed and resolute that I will not stay at this hotel again.The hotel were aware that our stay was a special birthday celebration. The staff made absolutely no acknowledgement of the this unlike other hotels who make a point of personally acknowledging occasions, often unprompted.As this was a special occasion I had emailed the hotel to request a room on a high floor. We arrived at 10pm and our bags were taken from the car without asking - we were told they would be delivered to our room. At check in the staff appeared uninterested and assigned us a room on the 14th floor. Our corner room was a reasonable size and shape however on arrival we had no washcloths, no shower gel, no bathrobes and the office chair was dirty - someone had obviously spilled food on it which had not been adequately cleaned. The bathroom surfaces were also marked with shower gel rings/spills etc and there was a layer of dust on the hairdryer and strange little stainless steel trolley which it stood on. Overall there had been no attention to detail from the housekeeping staff.The in room dining menu is no longer a printed document but is supposedly available through a menu on the TV which didn't work.After 30 minutes attempting to view the in room dining menu and order via a defective television, we gave up and called the Service team and placed our order.An hour after we had arrived our bags had still not appeared. They eventually appeared a few minutes before our food order!On each day we were awakened very early in the morning by either doors slamming in the corridor, our neighbours playing the TV or the housekeeping staff banging doors up and down the corridor, including ours which had a Do Not Disturb sign on it. The walls seem to be made of paper !There was no turn down service on any of the evenings. There is no wireless internet which is surprising in a 4 star supposedly business class hotel. The fast ethernet connection cable is chargeable at a rate of $15 per 24 hour period which is rather poor.Unlike some of the reviewers who were fortunate enough to have poor service at a reasonable price of around $200 I paid almost double this so you can see why I'm rather disgusted and won't be staying here again.On a positive note - Shula's the in house restaurant served us the best steaks we have ever eaten and the waiting staff were very efficient and polite.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	5	2	2	2	2	

<Author>DrRyan
<Content>GUsed to be a great hotel The location and physical condition of this hotel is fantastic; most of the upper floors have been re-done in a more peaceful tone and have very nice amenities. Unfortunately, the service at this hotel just keeps getting worse and worse. I spent 17 nights at this hotel last year, and 24 this year, and I will not be returning. If you donéˆ¥æª› need to be so close to Times Square, check out The Alex Hotel or the W New York éˆ¥?both are similarly priced and offer superior customer service. During my last stay, I had to call éˆ¥æ¥¢t Your Serviceéˆ¥?daily to request basic supplies such as new shampoo, bottled water and hand-towels; the cleaning staff would take away the used items, but never replace them, even though I was leaving a very generous tip. One would have thought that after the 4th or 5th day this would have been corrected, but no. Each time I called, I was treated as though I was asking for something special, and that I should be thankful for what I got (which was nothing). To make this worse, when I arrived at the hotel at 7PM, I had to wait almost 2 hours for my room to be ready, and even then, the refrigerator I had requested with my online reservation was not in the room.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>2	1	5	4	1	3	1	4	

<Author>memact
<Content>Great Location My Husband and I received a night at the Westin as a Christmas gift from my daughter and her family. We planned to get into the city early from CT to visit friends, shop, have dinner and then the theatre. When we arrived at the Westin, we were greeted immediately and our bags were put in temporary storage since we had arrived prior to check-in. The staff was friendly, efficient and accomodating. We were pleased with our attractive, well appointed, comfortable room. Also, the room was very quiet throughout our stay. We didn't use any of the hotel factilites since we were intent on spending our time 'out on the town'. A very important consideration for us was the hotel's location. Not only was it convenient to the theatre district and subway but to the crosstown shuttle. We arrived in New York at Grand Central Station dragging our luggage behind us. It was no trouble at all to hop on the shuttle and walk one block to the Westin. My only disappointment was the lobby and entry area. The decor is very severe and impersonal and implied this is strictly a business hotel. However, it did not impede our enjoyment of the Westin.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kuki79
<Content>Not up to the usual Westin standard I have stayed in Westin Tokyo, KL, Madrid, Milan and the one in New York ws by far the worst. The bed and shower were fantastic as always and the location great but:-Room was tiny (I guess all rooms in NYC are - though the Mandarin was large)-No shower cap, cotton buds, cotton pads, sanitary towel disposal bags, shower gel (Some of these were listed as available if we called housekeeping but surely, then we are also expected to tip. These things should be a given in such a top rated hotel!). No slippers either, by the way. -The had no Blackberry adaptor, even at the business centre-I had to wait an hour to get an adapter to plug in an European charger-Coffee cups in the room were paper starbuck ones...surely Westin can afford proper mugs/coffee cups?-Definately stay on the higher floors (which I was lucky enough to do) or else you will hear the traffic as it is right next to Times square. I am a big fan of the Westin chain and I went out of my way to stay there despite my company policy so was even more dissapointed. If you are not familiar with the Westin chain you will probably find the hotel totally acceptable. I guess I have been spoilt by the other amazing stays and I hope they will improve as I do want to go back to a Westin that I recognise.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	4	3	3	2	

<Author>txbash
<Content>Great stary at the Westin! I just returned from a 3 night stay at the Westin. It was wonderful! Everyone at the hotel was very friendly and helpful. I have stayed at several area hotels and I can say I will stay at the Westin from now on.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PlanesTrainsAutos4
<Content>Recommended This is the 2nd time my friend and I have stayed here in 3 years and we have no complaints. The staff was friendly and accommodating. We had a room on the 29th floor overlooking 8th Ave. and the Hudson/Jersey skyline. It was clean and large enough for two people. Apparently, they've replaced the carpeting in some rooms because ours was new. While the decor is what I would call modern spartan, it's fine for the amount of time you spend in it. We were there for the Yankees home opener which was postponed and we had no problems booking the room for an extra night at the same rate of $199 which is a steal in NY for that area. We usually stay more towards middle Manhattan near Grand Central but The Westin is right on 42nd so it's easy to hop on the Shuttle train to get to GC. We had breakfast two days at Shula's in the hotel and it was very good. I would stay here again for sure although I'm not sure I would want to pay more than $250 a night to do so since there are plenty of other good hotels in midtown.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dmrmk
<Content>The only good thing about this hotel is the location. The only good thing about this hotel is the location. Paid extra for the city view room which we did not get. The room was not overly clean. Found the staff unhelpful and long waits for the uninterested concierge. Would never stay here again, very dissapointed.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	2	3	2	1	1	

<Author>rwjab
<Content>Great Hotel  We just got back from a 3 night stay at the Westin Times Square. As other reviews have said, the location is great! The hotel is very nice. Seems new and fresh. The staff was very friendly and helpful. We arrived around 10:00am so I figured our rooms wouldn't be ready even though I had requested early check-in,, and I was correct. We had a pary of 10 so had reserved 3 rooms connecting or very close together. Since the rooms were not ready, we left our bags and went out to enjoy nyc. When we got back at 3:30, I was told that the rooms still were not ready. The reservationist saw that we had children and had already been there once to check-in, so without my persuasion she went to speak with a manager. When she came back out she had 2 rooms connecting for me and the other right beside those. The rooms were spacious (especially the corner room, which had great views)clean, and modern. Our children loved the flat screen television and the computer. They were disappointed that the internet cost extra though.The negatives:Called for additional hand towels and a blanket and it took over an hour to get them, and then they brought the wrong items.The counter in the bathroom is not very large which makes it difficult to get ready in the morning.Other then that we loved it, and would without a doubt stay there again if we could get the deal we got this time which was $200.00 a night. Wow, what a value!  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	2	4	

<Author>nycheryl
<Content>Great stay!! I am quite picky about hotels, and the Westin Times Square definitely exceeded my expectations. For Manhattan, it is extremely comfortable, clean, and spacious. The view is magnificent - we were on the 36th floor overlooking Times Square. It would be prime for New Years Eve (you could see the ball drop from your bed!). The room itself had the typical high-quality Westin Heavenly Bed and Bath. The modern amenities (including beautiful big screen flat-panel TV) were quite welcoming. My company fit the bill for this pricey room, but I would definitely consider staying here again. It'd be a great place for a quick theatre/restaurant weekend. It's actually a tie - in my mind - between this and the Residence Inn on Bryant Park for my favorite hotels in NYC.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Cath999
<Content>Quite pleasant, but overpriced The location is the best thing about this hotel - it's incredibly central, close to buses, subway, and walking distance from many things (eg Grand Central, Empire State).The front of house staff are pleasant and helpful.Room facilities OK - decent view, comfortable beds, coffeemaker. Rooms are not massive (and I'm English, so don't necessarily expect rooms to be huge by US standards!) but are adequate.The servicing of the room is a bit haphazard - no bathrobe when I arrived, no bathmat the next day, and the minibar was never restocked.Don't even THINK about having breakfast in house. It is ridiculously expensive, and there must be 20 or so diners serving similar fare within a block of the hotel, at around a quarter of the hotel's prices.Nothing significant against it - and had it been cheaper I would have given it a higher rating - I've just stayed in nicer hotels in other large US cities (and capital cities elsewhere) for significantly cheaper prices.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	5	3	4	3	3	

<Author>hachiegirl
<Content>Fabulous stay at the Westin       view from the 38th floor  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>blondieinsd
<Content>Gorgeous Hotel in a Perfect Location       Westin is in the same building as Chevy's  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>irishinlondon
<Content>Loved the Westin - location, rooms, service This was our second stay at the Westin and we were not disappointed. Although we thoroughly enjoyed our first stay, this one was even better. We had emailed the hotel in advance telling them that we had a family celebration and asking for a room on a higher floor. They responded immediately and said they would do their best to accommodate our request. At the check-in desk, the assistant upgraded us to a room on the 26th floor with fantastic river views - we were thrilled. The decor in the room was fresh and bright, the Heavenly beds were divine and the bathroom was sparkling clean with a fantastic double headed shower. The room also had a flat screen TV and an iPod docking station. The room was cleaned immaculately each day.The location of the hotel is great - it's one block off Times Square but it's within walking distance of a lot of the sights - we walked to Macy's and the Empire State Building in about 20 mins. We walked to Central Park in about 30 mins. I would thoroughly recommend this hotel to visitors to New York. For comfort and quality, it represents good value for money.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ponchogrl
<Content>Good location for shows This was our Broadway trip, so we wanted a hotel that was close to most of the shows we were attending. The Westin fit the bill, and we got a good rate. We got an email from the hotel that we could upgrade to a club room, with access to the lounge for continental breakfast and evening snacks for an additional charge, so we did that. What we liked about the hotel is that every employee was very friendly, the beds were comfortable, the location was great, and the breakfast tasty and filling. We did not partake of the evening snack. Now for our dislikes. Part of what sold me on the Westin besides the price was the promise of the heavenly bed and the dual head heavenly shower. After being told twice to come back because our room wasn't ready, we were given a handicap accessible room with a handheld shower, but they didn't tell us that they were assigning us that room. When i noticed the handheld shower and roll in shower stall,no tub, I asked about it. The front desk person assured me that the heavenly part was the shower head, and it was the same on the handheld shower. Needless to say, that shower was just like my shower at home, nothing special. They did offer me a $50 house credit because I was unhappy. My room was not serviced, when I went out at 7 pm, I asked if I could just pick up some towels and wash cloths on the way back. They said that they would have them in my room. At 9:30 pm Housekeeping came by and wanted to clean the room. By this time, I asked her just to leave clean towels. Also, twice someone attempted to enter our room without knocking. We did have the chain on, but the door was actually opened. The second time I jumped up and went to the door to see if I could see who it was, there was no one in sight. It was really strange. In summary, because there are so many hotels to choose from in the area, and lots of them run specials depending on the time you go, the Westin Times Square will not be getting my business again.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>traveltheworld0055
<Content>Not impressed with this Westin Found this hotel to be overated. We stayed in a renovated room on the 37 floor. We had a great view of the River. The room is small. Poor lighting. Bathroom was weak. Stainless steel sink and counter. Very little room for storage. Service was weak. Althought there was a car show at the time. Not impressed with this Westin!  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bongirl507
<Content>Worth the money! This hotel was one of the nicest I have ever stayed at. Everything was perfect. Bartenders make fabulous drinks. Shula's is amazing and worth every penny; I had the surf and turf. The room service can not be beat; you get a huge portion on a beautiful table with a friendly server and it tastes WONDERFUL. You will not go wrong if you choose this hotel!  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>doughboy41
<Content>Simply put, a great hotel in a great location I go to NYC 4-6 times a year, and most recently stayed at the Westin in Times Square. We chose the Westin this trip because we had wanted to try it, and since it is still chilly in the city we were able to get a decent rate vs peak periods when the better hotels in great locations like this one are very pricey. I have nothing but good things to say. The room was spacious, and well appointed with modern and stylish decor, very appealing visually. The bed has that Westin ahhh factor as well. Everything worked as it should, and there were no signs of wear or tiredness I've seen at too many other hotels. We even had a nice view to boot. The location is great, right off of the heart of Times Square, you are right there but don't feel the congestion. Not that you'll spend a lot of time there, but the lobby is very nice also, and has free wi-fi access. Plus if you get stuck on a rainy day there is even a movie theatre and a Starbucks adjacent to the property you can go to without even getting wet.This is an ideal hotel for someone going to the city to see a few shows. I would recommend it without hesitation, and whenever we can get it at a reasonable rate, we will stay there again!  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	4	

<Author>GeorgefromMexico
<Content>Great, Great!!! Fantastic hotel.Great rooms, great beds.Can't beat the location.Would stay there again for sure.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>skrosvik
<Content>Not up to the usual Westin standard Booked the hotel for two nights through Starwood, got a very favourable rate at 229 USD per night. When entering the hotel I was forced to let the doorman have my suitcase, even though I really prefer to take it by myself. I tried to check in at noon, but was told that there were no rooms available, and that the check-in time was 3 PM. I went out, and came back at 2:30 PM. I was told again that my room was not ready, so I sat in the lobby waiting for 3 PM. There were several guests waiting for the same. At 3:05 PM I went to the reception again, and was told that my room was not ready. Several guests tried to check-in but everyone was told the same. Then I asked to confirm that 3 PM was check-in time, and the rude receptionist told me that Check-in started FROM 3 PM. I told here that this was nonsense and demanded to speak to the managere. At frist, she would not get me the manager, but I insisted. After 5 minutes the manager came out from his hiding place (behind the reception) and told me that they had a room for me. What's the purpose of this??? I can understand that the hotel have a strict check-in policy and won't check in guests before check-in time. But I do find it rude and aqward what they don't even want to check-in guests AFTER check-in time. Westin did not show any kind of flexibility, so I will not do so either.I got my room on the 26th floor (I think). It was large and airy. It had a large LCD-tv (with a library of on-demand movies) and two very comfortable twin beds. However it was very dark and there was not enough light points. The bathroom was Westin style (e.g. very small, cold and crampy). The bathtub was too small to have a proper bath in. I do find the bed heavenly, but the bathroom is not heavenly by any means! I had a nice view over Times Square and Empire State Building, which was very nice. The housekeeping is highly inconsistent. My room was not serviced for turn-down service the first night. And my room was not serviced the following morning either. I returned to my room at 6 pm, and found my room to be just like I left it in the morning. I called the housekeeping and complained.However, the hotel is TOO big and TOO inpersonal for my taste. There are huge lines everywhere, and the hotel are not capable to offer their guests tabels at the restaurants or the bar, cause everything is full. The public areas of the hotel are well kept, shiny and nice, but it looks like a mall and are very business oriented. The location of this hotel is GREAT, just one block from Times Square. Many restaurants and shops at the doorstep.I will not return to the Westin again. New York City have a lot of other and better options. But you should definately go with Westin if you can get a rate like I did.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>2	4	2	5	2	1	1	3	

<Author>boznich80
<Content>Great location for tourist visit       Lets go Yankees!!  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	5	-1	

<Author>HolidayHunter64
<Content>Fantastic Hotel !!! We stayed at the Westin Hotel for 3 nights as a package holiday through Virgin holidays(brilliant airline). What a fantastic experience it was and all the staff could not have been more friendly or helpful. The location, just around the corner from Times Square, was ideal  very central for sightseeing.I emailed the hotel a month before we went explaining that the holiday was a surprise 18th birthday present for our daughter and enquired whether they had interconnecting rooms as our daughters are 18  13. The Westin emailed me back immediately stating that they had found our reservation and would try to fulfill our request.On arrival at the hotel, the lady on reception dealing with our reservation, immediately wished my daughter a Happy Birthday. She explained that we had been allocated interconnecting rooms on the 29th floor, which had just been refurbished. The check- in was completed extremely efficiently and quickly in a friendly but professional manner.The rooms allocated were amazing with a view of the Empire State Building. They were kept spotlessly clean throughout our stay  restocked daily with products.The temperature of the room could be controlled by ourselves using the thermostat in the room.The beds were so comfortable. The bathroom, as previously stated in other reviews, was decorated with slate  stainless steel, and was kept immaculately clean. The twin-headed shower was to die for! I dont know how previous reviewers could complain about it. It was luxurious.We also did NOT experience any noise from other rooms or the traffic. Our luggage, which had been taken care of by the Bellboys since our arrival, was delivered to our rooms within 10 minutes.The next day, on returning from sightseeing, a chocolate cake with Happy Birthday piped on the top, was delivered to our daughter's room. How thoughtful that was of the staff and certainly made our holiday.Initially, I was worried about going to New York in February because of the cold weather. But I am so glad we went at that time of year. We didn't have to queue for any of the places of interest including the Statue of Liberty or Empire State Building. Over the 4 days, we experienced sun, wind, rain  snow-and although it was freezing, we just wrapped up warm and enjoyed every minute of our holiday.New York is an amazing place and the Westin Hotel cannot be faulted. We would definitely recommend it and would certainly stay there again if we ever get the chance to return to New York.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>KateLondonLondon
<Content>Recommend to stay here I would definitely recommend this hotel for first time visitors to New York. It's in a fab location and makes it easy to explore the city. The hotel was very nice, with modern decor and great size rooms. The hotel staff were very pleasent and helpful and the hotel had a nice bar to relax in after a hard days shopping.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>james_d69
<Content>4 Star Hotels shouldn't serve coffee in paper cups!!! As an experienced ( and frequent) traveller, I find it absolultely appalling that a four star hotel cannot afford to offer anything but paper Starbucks cups in their premium rooms (@ $US500 per night)!! After requesting 'proper' cups be sent, I was charged another $4 (!!). Absolutlely outrageous for a 4 star hotel.Furthermore, my 'overnight' laundry service (I was promised to be returned by 8am) had to be chased up at 9.30 am.I thoroughly recommend the Omni Berkshire instead of such an underserviced, corporatized, soul less toilet block.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jaysonx
<Content>Luxury-like experience at an affordable price Boutique-like service at a name brand chain. The Westin times square was a great lodging experience for me. Check-in was a breeze, and I was happy to find that they upgraded my room for me based on a first time comment that I left on my reservation. Hotel is very clean and at a fantastic location. I honestly don't know what else I could recommend in Manhattan unless you are looking for more of a party scene (gansevoort) or even more luxury (lowes regency, morgans group, etc). Honestly, for price to experience ratio, the Weston gets a 10/10 in my book.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Vee78
<Content>Fantastic Stay Stayed at The Westin between the 8 - 13 Feb to celebrate my husband's 30th birthday. This was my second time to NYC  my husband's first. I was previously considering staying at the W but was put off by all the negative reviews.We had a corner view deluxe room which was very spacious and clean and the heavenly bed was incredibly comfortable . The staff was always very helpful and would definitely recommend the hotel to a friend who wished to stay around Times Square. Location is great for theatre but not sure I'd choose to stay in Times Square next time round.My only complaint is about the noise. Despite the soundproofing there was constant traffic noise throughout the day  night as well as shower, loo flushing and other noises coming from adjacent rooms! Otherwise a fantastic stay...  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>motherbored
<Content>Wonderful We went to New York City to meet friends and stay over night. The Westin is a wonderful hotel: check-in was the fastest I have ever experienced; staff was friendly and helpful; our room was pristine, extremely comfortable, and beautifully updated.The Westin is also located in the heart of Times Square, so walking to and from a number of attractions, theater, and restaurants is easy.We had a quick bite to eat at Europa down the street--quick, convenient place to grab a cup of coffee, bagel, etc.We walked to Caroline's Comedy Club and had a great time.We would stay here again and recommend the Westin to everyone.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>brandenburg5
<Content>very good but unfortunately a bit noisy This was my second stay at the Westin. We were upgraded to a club room, which apparently is a bit bigger than normal. It was a very nice room in every respect except one: despite double glazing, there was a lot of traffic noise. I would expect some noise in NYC but it sounded like there was a fire station nearby and the fire engines would come blaring down the road several times during the night, with all their sirens and horns blaring. I don't know what a hotel can do about that but unfortunately I don't think the sound insulation was what it should be - I've stayed in hotels overlooking highways where I couldn't hear any external noise.Service in this hotel was very good - friendly, professional.Breakfast was good but as in many NYC hotels extremely highly priced. After the first morning we went out and ate nearby for a fraction of the price.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	2	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>NGerding
<Content>Exemplary Westin Property Pampered . . . Perfect . . . Exceptional property made us fall in Love with NYC.Recently escaped to this NYC Time Square property for a three day getaway. This property and it's staff went above and beyond to ensure our stay was perfect. They were professional, friendly and in my opinion deserve the highest rating possible for their exemplary Westin property. The comfort of the Heavenly beds to the amazing views of the Hudson River and Times Square are just a few of the amenities this first class property offers. The location is convenient to the heart of Manhatten putting you within steps of shows and shopping. The subway is convenient and offered a safe convenient way to get to other parts of Manhatten. Our newly discovered favorite restaurant for pizza, pasta and dessert, Bella Vita Pizzeria, offers Old World Brick Oven Pizza and Pasta's with fresh sauces and ingredients. This discovery was so fantastic, we found ourselves eatting there two times in three days! Just a short walk from the Westin, however if you are too tired to go out, they deliver! The Cannoli was the best we have ever tasted, even better than Ferrara's Italian Bakery in Little Italy. The Westin is truly a quality property that will leave you feeling refreshed and like a wanted guest. Once you have experienced the taste of accommodations of this calibar, you will not stay any other place.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>pupsik
<Content>Great Hotel Stayed in Westin to celebrate my 30th Birthday in the city.Everything was great from the moment at the check in to the check out.Location-Great, you are close to Broadway, shopping, eating everything is in walking distance or skip and subway hop to what ever else you planning to do.Room Service-Fast, ordered full breakfast it was good but for the price you can find something equlent bit cheper in the area.Room-Large and cleanOverall great place to stay in NYC  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>anne999
<Content>Very good stay 1-Incredible location for Broadway show go-ers: by many theaters, in front of Tussaud's and Ripley's. Perplexed by the complaints that the hotel is not really in Times Square: how close does it need to be to qualify? Close to major metro station, so it's a breeze to go uptown or downtown from the Westin. It is noisy, even on a high floor: ear plugs suggested. Many dining options all around.2-Great hotel; it is true that the floors are not pristine and that nobody is combing elevators for crumbs etc....This is not an uncommon experience on starwood properties. The Gym was very good with great view, many cardio and weight machines. The spa looked great if pricey.3-Our club room was spacious for NYC: nice imac, very comfortable bed (also a starwood staple), great windows and fabulous view. The bathroom, as noted by others, is not for everyone's taste: the showers are good but...metal sinks will remind some of prison rather than urban chic.4-Service good enough; nothing to write home about.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Firefly207
<Content>Excellent service I visited New York City for the first time from February 14-18, 2008. The Westin Times Square was recommended to me by a friend. There were four of us staying together. The room was large enough to share and the beds were very comfortable. The service was fantastic. We requested extra towels and bath robes and they were brought to our room immediately. Every morning we requested extra packs of coffee to utilize the coffee maker in the room and our request was quickly fulfilled. It also helped that the coffee was Starbucks. I would highly recommend the concierge service. We were given excellent suggestions for restaurants that were within our budget. Our bar fridge was serviced at our request. The items were moved in the process so every item was on our bill on the last day (items are on a sensor, when they are moved, they are billed). The front desk cleared this up immediately, without question. I found the hotel restaurant and bar pricey, but there are many other options close to the hotel. The Westin Times Square was a great home away from home.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dpickert
<Content>Not a 4 star hotel I was very unimpressed with the Westin. I certainly would not give it a 4 star rating. Shower was clogged, very little space in bathroom (no place to put your make-up bag) staff was not very helpful. Even spoke with a manager and let me assure you that customer service is not their strong suit!  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>alwayz_on_vacation
<Content>Great location, great price, nice hotel We stayed at the Westin Time square 2/22 - 2/24.We found a great rate of $199/nt through travelticker and were even upgraded to a spa inspired corner room with a view of the river, wonderful massage chair and spa bath products. The hotel is nice, the staff very friendly and helpful and everything kept very clean. We did, however, return at 5 pm on saturday from a matinee show and shopping to find our room not cleaned but without a call someone came to do it about 6 pm. We were leaving to go to another show and dinner so it worked out fine. The weather was cold, dismal and windy so we really enjoyed the great location, an easy walk to all the theaters, many bars and restaurants the port authority bus station, etc. We would definitely recommend the Westin Time Square and will stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>rgarick
<Content>Great Hotel  Just returned from the Westin at Times Square in NYC. Excellent hotel--very modern with good amenities  location..upgraded to a club level room using Starwood Points--worthwhile--great lounge with good breakfast and afternoon refreshments....would definitely stay here again--great bedding, modern bathroom, close to all broadway shows--very helpful concierge's desk--check in easy and friendly staff!  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>JanJanVanMan
<Content>Excellent with a couple of hiccoughs To be fair, this is a good hotel. We had an club level room and loved having the Apple computer and free internet access. It was extremely useful.We chose to stay here following reading a number of reviews on this web-site. The room was a good size and it was tastefully decorated. It was useful having breakfast in the club room especially with little ones. The location was good too. I had no problems with the location. Some people mentioned that Times Square would be a nightmare for driving because of the one way system. We had a navigation system in the rental car (an absolute must for going to NYC) and we didn't get lost once. Toys R Us with its ferris wheel is very close and the kids enjoyed the ride.On the negative side, we arrived at about 3.00 and the lobby was heaving so it took us about 30 minutes to check in. If you have a car parked at the hotel, do remember to get the reception to stamp your ticket and also to hand over the porter/bell hop ticket so that your luggage is delivered to your room. I would have given this hotel a much higher rating if we didn't have a problem with the room cleaning. Having been out all day, we returned to our room to find that it still wasn't made up. I had left our dirty laundry in the appropriate bag on our door, as the laundry sheet advised that laundry to be done the following day should be outside your hotel room by 9.00 in the morning. I dutifully did this, but did not call reception to ask someone to pick the laundry up. The maid therefore saw the laundry on the door and decided not to clean the room. The maid gave me real attitude when I asked her why she hadn't cleaned the room and if she could do it now. I was quite surprised by how rude she actually was! I reported this to the concierge and to be fair the next day the cleaning was done quickly and efficiently. Lesson learned: if you want trays picked up, laundry picked up or anything else done - simply call the express phone number on the phone and don't hang around waiting for things to happen because they won't!Finally, we took advantage of the hotel doctor because my son had developed an ear infection and was in a good deal of pain. I should stress that there isn't a hotel doctor, but a number the hotel gives you for an on-call doctor who will come to your hotel room. The doctor called to understand the age of the patient and the problem before arriving laden with all the correct medications, antibiotics, drops, injection etc. It was a little OTT but we were flying in 36 hours and I didn't want to risk a problem. I was fairly impressed by the doctor's conscientiousness until I got the bill which was for $510. I almost fainted! Worse, I had to pay the doctor in cash as she wouldn't take any cards. Fortunately, there is an ATM in the lobby, but I did feel a bit like a pimp paying her by the elevators. Our insurance wouldn't cover the bill when we got back home because the doctor was outside of our health care network. Just beware of this in advance and check that you are covered should the need arise!Another plus (I thought) was the food. The room service menu was unusually good, varied and HEALTHY! The children's menu was also a refreshing change to the norm. I was impressed.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	3	2	3	5	

<Author>Catherine72
<Content>Fantastic as usual       Lovely surprise cake from The Westin  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	5	5	

<Author>weewinkie
<Content>Mostly great, but ... For theatergoers, the location is phenomenal. We were no more than two blocks from our theaters, Birdland, great restaurants, etc. Great access to the subway. The hotel was, as other reviewers have pointed out, newish, very clean, and well run. The room was spacious and well appointed, and the view (from the 25th floor) was terrific. Our only complaint goes to the lack of soundproofing--we could hear doors closing, toilets flushing, ice making, and conversations in adjoining rooms. That said, we got a terrific rate on Priceline, and we would go back.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SpiceUmUp
<Content>Incredible hotel in an incredible location My wife and I spent a single night there two and half years ago and we still talk about it!First:The service is excellent, a very helpful young man at reception made sure everything was just so and was polite in the extreme.Second: though the room was on the small side, it was very well appointed and the decor was magnificent. We were on the Spa level and there was a message chair in the room. That was so wonderful after a day of walking around the city.The view was ok, nothing special even though we were fairly high up but at night the view improved with the beautiful lights below us. The bed was the single more comfortable bed I have ever had the joy to sleep in. It was a slice of heaven. We did not eat a meal at the hotel but we did have a late desert and it was delicious.The location is perfect for a weekend of broadway shows and for exploring Manhattan. There is simply nothing we would change about the hotel.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Petenchris
<Content>Not up to Westin Standards I booked the Westin Times Square mainly on Location and the fact it had a Club Floor. As a Platinum Starwood Member, this comes complimentary. Overall yes, the hotel was clean and in a great location, through the rooms and I was upgraded to a Delux were very dark and non inviting. The bathrooms have grey cement tiled walls with a stainless steel vanity and basin, almost resembling a public toilet. The room had an entry light in the doorway and no other lights, other than 3 lamps in the room, again with dark grey painted walls. (Thank god for the heavenly bed!) On epositive to the hotel was the choice in the club lounge of food, and yes, the food was lovely. However I was quite surprised to find that Alcoholic beverages were not included and you have to pay $5USD per wine/beer or spirit? This I find is unusual for a CLUB floor Lounge. I travel the world and have never come across this before. The breakfast in the lounge was also very good. Overall a Very expensive hotel for the room quality compared with other Westin Hotel Properties. Best part about this hotel has to be the cleanliness and the location.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	4	3	2	1	

<Author>thriller_7
<Content>Westin didn't disappoint! I have just returned from a six night stay at the Westin Times Square and have to say I was very impressed. Our room, while just a standard one, was a bigger than average size for a New York hotel. It was spotlessly clean on arrival and this standard was maintained throughout our stay.I asked for a room with good views and from the 29th floor we could see all the way over the Hudson river. The heavenly beds and shower are named that for good reason!The only negative was that we were charged twice, and the room rate itself was overcharged, but I haven't let this affect the overall rating of the review because it was handled so well by Nicole on the front desk. Very professional and she even comped us a night for free, which was unnecessary but greatly appreciated!Other reviewers comments about the noise and thin walls and limited bathroom space are fair, but I didn't let any of these things bother me. I had a fabulous time and would definitely stay at the Westin again.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Lighttraveller1
<Content>A good big chain hotel This is my third visit to New York and this is the third different hotel i've stayed at. I will say I was a little disappointed with the hotel. Firstly they didn't offer buffet breakfast (and when i'm on holidays I like a big breakfast to get me through the day of sightseeing and shopping with the wife) and the bathrooms we're a too cold for my liking. However the service was impeccable, the hotel was very clean and when I politely requested a high floor with a great view that was forthcoming.The location of this hotel cannot be beat it's just off Times Square and so close to most the local midtown attractions. But also close enough to a subway and the central bus terminal.I do note that make sure you always have a room key with you when you leave the hotel at night as you will need to show it upon return. Personally I don't see it as an inconvenience but rather reassuring to know that the hotel security we're ensuring the safety of all the guests.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Aimzie84
<Content>Not that impressed I went to Westin on Business and was really unimpressed with the hotel going on the reviews I had read and what I had heard. I didn't find the hotel staff to be helpful at all. On a number of occasions I was separated from my work colleagues and the hotel staff would not even call up to their rooms for me so I had no way to get hold of them.In comparison to another hotel I had stayed in in Boston (Marlowe) I found the hotel to be really cold and I didn't feel comfortable staying there at all. I felt lonely and very cut off from everything.My room didn't have any mirrors in the main room which I found very annoying, the hair dryer was broken as were a couple of the plugs in the room. Really wasn't that impressed although the location was excellent - right in the middle of Times Square!  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	1	1	3	

<Author>Lousviews
<Content>Great Location, Clean, Friendly Staff - Great Experience When I chose this hotel, I was hesitant because of its Time Square location (most hotels in the area are subpar, at best) but this hotel is by far one of the best NYC hotels I have stayed in. Upon arrival I was welcomed by very friendly staff and was impressed by the cleanliness of the hotel. The hotel room was large by NYC standards and well appointed for $260 night. The only negative I can report about the hotel, and it's nothing serious, is that all beverages in the mini-bar are kept warm and you will need to get ice to chill water, wine, etc. (more inconvenient and annoying than anything). Overall, I would highly recommend the hotel to anyone visiting NYC, you won't be disappointed.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	2	

<Author>ruddlin
<Content>Great Hotel The four of us shared a room at the Westin around New Years and it was great. Very clean, well stocked, with excellent food and room service. The lounge was beautiful. Delicious drinks and appitizers and a very nice staff throughout the hotel. On New Years eve, the city blocks several streets off including the street in front of the Westin which made it easy to walk the one block right up to where the ball was dropped for a perfect view. I'd recommend the hotel for its location and all around great service.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>barmybag
<Content>Great Location, Exceptional Hotel       ESB at night from room  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Wongbe
<Content>Westin....great hotel! We stayed in one of the of Deluxe rooms and what can i say? It was huge!! It was a corner room so we had to walk down corridors (yes corridors) until we reached the main part of the room. The view was amazing. We could see the ESB, Hudson River and below us we could see Madame Tussards. We stayed on the 36th floor which we were happy with as we requested for a high floor. The bathroom was nice, the double headed shower came in handy and it was clean which was the main thing. Bad thing about the bathroom was that the bathroom robe were ripped and very creased but that didn't bother me!The bed was kind of 'heavenly' but the pillows were too soft, i had to sleep on 3 pillows for me to feel some sort of comfort! But the beds were enormous and comfy.The staff were ok, helpful at times. Shula's (restuarant in the hotel) was nice, waiters were very courteous and nice. Food was nice, my husband really enjoyed the steak, he said that it's the nicest steak he's ever had! The hotel itself is not as welcoming as the other hotel we stayed in. It was dark and looked more like an art gallery rather than a hotel. But all in all, it was very nice and i would stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	4	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>filmmaker55
<Content>Loved the Westin Better late then never with my review, but because we had such a wonderful stay, I had to get my review on the site.My sister, a friend and myself went to NYC for a girl's weekend. I booked online through Orbitz and got a great rate for the Westin at $359/night. We arrived around 11am and although we couldn't check in at that time, the hotel staff was very accomodating in holding our luggage and promised a room would be ready by 3pm. So we went for lunch and shopped a bit. We arrive a little after 3pm and as promised, our room was ready. The room was amazing! Beautiful marble bathroom, complimentary robe and slippers and a wonderful view of the Empire State Building. Everything was very clean and the beds were comfortable. Although we only stayed for one night, it was a very relaxing one. I would highly recommend the Westin for anyone staying in NY. A first-class hotel!  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BG3505
<Content>Nice hotel We stayed at Westin over MLK weekend with a group that included two children under 6 and a teenager. The location was great--easy to walk to lots of attractions. The beds and shower are as advertised---heavenly. We did have a few minor service issues (no bell person to help us with our 5 suitcases when we arrived, our corner room was not available when we arrived, no mini bar price list in the room) but these issues were dealt with quickly and apologetically by the staff. The only person who was not helpful was the Saturday morning female concierge who would barely give us any information--we had to ask for a map, ask for her to show us where we were going on the map, ask her about tours and then she did not even mention that they have a tour desk to help with those. But the other concierge people were great--definitely use them to get your dinner reservations. A few tips:-go to hotel website to look for deals--we booked a deal that was stay 2 nights, 3d night free. This was the best deal on the website but you have to scroll down a bit to find it.-do book a room on the higher floors to get the view of the city.-Starbucks right off the lobby on 42d street is generally uncrowded in the mornings and has decent breakfast--toasted bagels, yogurt parfait, fresh fruit. -theater desk person (sorry cannot remember her name) is a great help and can help you get good tickets and is very knowledgeable about shows. She got us 6th row center seats to Legally Blond. I love her!!  
<Date>Jan 26, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	2	4	-1	

<Author>ltlor
<Content>Not terrible, but not great for a Westin My husband and I stayed at the Westin for one night over MLK weekend. What is good is that it is centrally located for the theater, and other times square activities, that area is also good for picking up lines that allow for good subway connections. There are two stations really very close to the hotel that will allow you to get uptown - downtown very quickly without too much confusion.For a Westin, not so great. I thought that it was a bit tired granted we did get a cheap for new york rate from Travelzoo but it still did not meet what I have experienced in other Westins. It is still not a bad place to stay - it's a nice hotel, very modern nice bathroom and yes the heavenly bed was great. So I would recommend it - I just want folks to know this is just a step above a comfort inn - not what you would normally expect from a Westin.The worst and I mean worst part about the location - the noise. It is NYC so I expected traffic etc...but on Saturday night in NYC in the Times Sq area it is LOUD. This hotel is not sound proofed or even close to it. We were on the 10th floor - and it sounded like I was sleeping on the street level right next to the people walking on the street and talking and the police cars all night! That really was bad. Not a show stopper for some but it also can be overcome by others if planned for so my recommendation to combat this issue and bring earplugs. With some earplugs you can block out the sound and get a great nights sleep. The hotel should really put white noise machines in the room, or those sleep sound machines. I would recommend this hotel if you get a deal - do not pay the published rates - shop around - and do not pay more than 200.00 tops. It is not worth more than that - it's really not even worth that but finding less in NYC is not easy.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>EPH04
<Content>Pleasantly Surprised We were very pleasantly surprised by this Westin Hotel. Although it is located right in the craziness of Times Square, the Westin provides a sense of tranquility and sophistication. Our room was clean and well-appointed, just like every other Westin we have visited. The staff was courteous and professional and took care of our needs. Although the hotel is rather large, it is not too enormous to make the service feel impersonal.For a short business trip, it was a perfect last-minute hotel for us and I am sure that we will come back.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>aphi14
<Content>LOVE the Westin!!! I travel a lot for work and have stayed at half a dozen other hotels in New York this past year. The Westin is by far the best and my personal favorite! The rooms are nice and clean, very spacious for NY, the beds are amazingly comfortable, the service is always good...I have never had a problem!  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pace80
<Content>Nice but not relaxing Booked through hotwire.com and got a $175/night rate, pretty good compared to normal rates. I was in room 2408 which had a nice view to the west toward the Hudson River and NJ. First the good: decent sized room, well furnished, beautiful bathroom, lot of outlets in the room. Check in was fast. And unlike some hotels that I have stayed in when in NYC the noise from the outside was not very noticeable even though the busy intersection of 42nd Street and 8th Avenue is just outside. Now the bad: what I did not like was the noise from the other guest rooms. There was a party in a room down the hall - not the room next to me - but even with this separation we could hear their voices and hear their music all night long. And they slammed their door about every 2 or 3 minutes when people would come or go. Also heard strange banging noises all night long from the room above me. And the partying all night did not seem to keep anyone from getting up early. I tried ear plugs and turning the fan on highest setting, this helped overcome the voices and the music but the banging of the door and from overhead were still noticeable. So in the end I did not sleep well at all. I love the heavenly bed but the noise was so irritating. I was later told that it is common for people to come into the City on weekends and party in a hotel room, so I guess this could have happened anywhere. Video check out was not working but they were able to check me out over the phone very quickly.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TheTravelJunkie
<Content>Westin was good, but not great. Our overall stay at the Westin-TS was good. You will have a clean comfortable room with very professional staff to assist you.The Good:From the moment we arrived, we were met with excellent customer service. All employees- doormen, front desk staff, concierge were friendly and helpful during our stay. Our room (3908) was ready for early check-in when we arrived at 1:30pm on a Saturday. The average size room had wonderfully large windows that could be cracked for fresh air and had a very nice view of the Hudson during the day and city lights at night. The room had two fluffy queen beds with lots of pillows, a night stand in between with cordless phone and ipod ready radio. There was one fabric chair next to the window and one desk chair at the shelf desk that had work space with computer hook-ups on one end and the flat screen t.v. on the other. There was also an attached cushioned bench and then a space for the luggage stand. Coffee maker was in the closet-hmmm?with Starbucks coffee packs, condiments.Room was cleaned in a timely manner with plenty of towels, etc replaced. Doormen eagerly hailed taxi/gave directions. Security at night asked for hotel key before allowing entry up the escalators which was welcomed. Subway entry was close with connections everywhere. Starbucks right across the street had shorter lines than the one down the block at Times Square. Duane Read drug store across the street was handy for magazines and aspirin. Close to theaters and restaurant row.The Not So Good:The hotel is 2 blocks FROM Times Square. Not a problem if you know, but my mother was under the assumption that we were going to be walking out of our hotel door and be in Times Square. Also, not much to look at immediately around the hotel..electronic shops, drug store, and we didn't really care to walk out each night to see neon light for the adult entertainment club with live action on the opposite corner.  The hotel has an odd layout...you enter the hotel at street level and then take an escalator up one flight to check-in. Because the lobby area is not connected to any outside walls it has a dark feel to it, everything is muted tones-nice-but, it feels very much like a business hotel. Messages for where seminars are meeting, people walking around with name tags( like my mom)/working on laptops...not a leisure or peaceful ambiance. The two elevator halls are dark and around a corner. The tiny sundries shop is appreciated but, stuck into a corner with small inventory. The room met our needs-the view and comfy beds saved it! But, even on the 39th floor, we could here fire engines coming and going all day/night. The bathroom is very small with little counter space and had an institutional feel with the stainless bowl sink and black slate tile-which had mildew growing all along the base where the white tub met the tile. Because there is no mirror in the bedroom-we had to choose either being cramped/straddle the commode or delayed by waiting for each other to take turns with make-up/hair drying, showering, etc. They really need to add a mirror in the bedroom for make-up application, dressing, etc so that one person can be showering while another can finish getting ready in the bedroom. Appreciate the fluffy robe in the bathroom (we wondered with 2 queens-why not two robes? oh-well)We had no problems during our stay and chose this hotel because our seminar was located here. If returning for leisure, I will choose a hotel that has more of a laid back atmosphere.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	3	3	5	5	3	

<Author>murnatelane
<Content>love this hotel this is really a great hotel for thet times square area. I have traveled to NYC many times and have stayed in numerous hotels while vacationing and this really is very roomy for this area. Rooms are beautiful, close to times square (the hotel is on the corner of 8th), times square is 7th ave.....great service and beautiful hotel, with great views of the city.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SomuNewark_DE
<Content>Great hotel staff, above-average hotel, but not top notch It was a family outing to New York for one night, and I chose the Westin after having previously stayed at the Hilton Times Square. Ithink the service was excellent, the parking attendant, the check-in staff, the concierge, room service you name it, they passed the test with flying colors. The room was pretty good, the bathroom was below average (it had a sterile hospital like look). The floor on which we were staying smelled all the way from the time we got out of the elevator till we got into the room. One of the emergency exit signs on our floor was actually pointing to a guest room instead of the next turn towards the exit stairwell. On the whole we were happy, the hotel staff were EXCELLENT and we may return for a future visit, but the issues that we saw were not befitting of its four-star status.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>Heathcote
<Content>Great hotel in good location The hotel did not disappoint us. Had booked 3 rooms on the ' 3 nights for the price of 2 ' offer on Starwood hotel website. The receptionist found us 3 rooms, 2 of which connected and one a corner room with fantastic views in 2 directions, all together on the 32nd floor. Contrary to reports we found the staff to be most helpful in an unobtrusive way. Due to a bug I contracted before travel we ate in Shulas steakhouse for most meals and the food and service were always excellent. We booked tickets for the Empire State Building and the show Wicked in the hotel, and got excellent seats. My children went to the 'Top of the Rock' and said it was better than the ESB. Would definitely stay at this hotel again, but don't bother with the Supershuttle from JFK which took 1.5 hours to get us to our hotel. On return had a private hire vehicle to the airport which was no more expensive for 5 of us and much quicker.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>tommy135
<Content>Great Hotel, Great location Got a corner room on a high floor which had an amazing view. Was able to see the Statue of Liberty, the Hudson River and the Empire State Building.The room was big, had 4 windows and the bed was great.The hotel is located one block from times square and you can take nearly every subway that runs through manhattan, because they all stop half a block away from the Westin.Staff was very efficient never had to wait to talk to somebody.This hotel is now my first choice when it is affordable. Last time i stayed at the Intercontinental, which i also liked, but the Westin is far superior and has a much better location.There is nothing to complain about this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hermars
<Content>Great hotel, Great location My husband and I stayed for one night and got a room for under $200 which for NYC it's a deal. The hotel is very chic and room was very nice. I especially loved the modern bathroom. The hotel is located right in Times Square, closest I've ever been in my travels to the city. If you can get a deal on this hotel, I recommend it. I would definitely come back.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Moth
<Content>Worse than I thought In my recent review I indicated the price of a room here was $500. That was my mistake, it was æ‹¢500 - at current rates that's double the price and really terrible value for money.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>2	1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SJB100
<Content>Good hotel, fantastic location! We stayed in this hotel for three nights just before Christmas. This hotel is situated right in the central area, just off Times Square and it is a fantastic location for getting around NYC, right near the subway.The staff on reception were helpful and friendly and we were pleased to hear our room was ready straight away, a few hours early.The room was of a good size considering that a previous NYC hotel we had stayed in was like a box room.The room was clean, the bed was large and the bathroom was faultless. We asked for a room with a view and we definately got that. Although if we were to stay there again we would try and request a corner room for a better view. The only criticism of our room was that it was starting to look a little tired. The carpet was slightly stained and the wallpaper was starting to look its age.The bar within the hotel provided good service but as expected was slightly expensive.We would definately stay at this hotel again but would shop around for deals on room rates as this hotel is not perfect - we paid around $750 for 3 nights inc taxes etc and thought it was certainly the best we'd get for this kind of money in this vicnity.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	4	-1	-1	

<Author>Svennyjane
<Content>Great Hotel but it's Not for Everyone We stayed at the Westin from 30th Dec to 3rd Jan and arrived from the Westin in Seattle. I was initially a little nervous as I had previously emailed the hotel on 6 separate occasions to enquire about New Year events they could recommend for someone who is 6m's pregnant and wasn't up for doing Times Square or a big boozy all-inclusive night! They didn't reply so I wasn't feeling particularly confident. They could have written to recommend their own restaurant so we could pre-book so in the event we were left high and dry.However.The good thing about Westins is that they're all the same so you know what to expect. The bed was great - very comfy and the bathroom was adequate though there was little space for toiletries so we had to keep everything packed away in our bags.Initially we had a room overlooking the river and a chav family from hell next door who spent New Year banging doors and effing and blinding at each other in the corridor in front of their little children (classy!). However, when we requested to move, the front desk staff were fantastic and had us moved immediately to an amazing corner room, 4539! It was stunning - the city view was spectacular and we had lots more space throughout. We were so grateful for their proactiveness.The concierge service is excellent and they helped us out on a few different occasions with things we wanted to book.As some other travellers have already noted, this hotel IS huge. In fact, it took me a day or two to get used to it as it felt more like an office building and guests generally ignore each other even when sharing a lift (elevator). That said, you will find that the doormen come to recognise you and are exceptionally helpful and polite. This will be more so than the front desk staff as they are set back from the entrance - but they are very professional and helpful when you need anything.Someone also mentioned about housekeeping entering rooms very quickly - this is pretty standard in large hotels as they have so many to get around (not that this is any excuse for walking in on you!). We just made it a habit every night to put the DND sign on the door in case we had a late start the next morning.New York at New Year is CHAOS! Given the hotel was a max capacity we felt they remained on top of things and we never felt the service level was compromised. (I've never seen so many people in a hotel as I did on New Years Eve!!!) Even if you don't stay at the Westin, you must eat at Shula's Steak House within as it was fabulous (but if you want the best, then it is filet mignon at Jordan's at Grand Central Station every time!!)  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Tyr_fan
<Content>very central hotel just arrived back from new year celebrations at the westin and cannot wait to return. The hotel was very busy but we were patient when they told us our room would not be ready until at least 5.30. They compensated us with a few drinks at the bar which we were quite happy with. We had booked a doubleclub room which allowed us free access to fitness suite.free contential breakfast and free light evening snacks, which we feel were substancial. when given our keys we were surprised to have a room with a view, compliementary bottled water two great beds but no heavenly bath robes. what a shame! we didn't let this ruin our holiday. overall the hotel is very modern very busy, in a great location off times square, within walking distance to all the great shops, shows, restaurents,etc. We would definately return, however I think the checkin staff and waiters in the bar would learn alot if they watched the doormen. As we all felt they treated us with the respect we deserve when we are on holidays. we still although had a great holiday.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	2	3	5	

<Author>Moth
<Content>Great rooms, but not the usual Westin service I stayed here with my husband for five nights over the new year. The rooms are up to the usual high Westin standard - spacious with plenty of storage and the beds and bathroom facilities are excellent.However, I don't know if the staff were all exhausted at the end of the year, but a whole raft of small things went wrong during our stay that indicated this place, especially housekeeping, was just not on the ball. We won't be going back.First we were sent to a room that was already in occupation, and waited ages in line to speak to the receptionist and have another room allocated. The second room was fine, but lacking some of the basics, like a Do Not Disturb sign, minibar price list, in-room breakfast card, mineral water and so on. Without the Do Not Disturb, someone from housekeeping decided to walk into the room about two seconds after knocking at 8.30am on New Year's Day - after we had waited until 4 for our room to be cleaned the day before. The Times Square website provided more information about what was happening on New Year's Eve than the hotel did. This wasn't the kind of service I was expecting for $500 a night and though the room was good, the location was lacklustre and we'd have been better off somewhere else.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	2	5	3	2	3	

<Author>tsjakka
<Content>Lovely beds, superb video/tv, but hotel is inpersonal We stayed for 5 night swith 3 kids to spend new years eve. We had 2 rooms (1035/1036) on the 10th floor, with a view on the roof of another building with airco units, antenna's and rubbish. So when you book, book highest floor as possible. The rooms were ok, but the walls and doors are paperthick, so very noisy to the next rooms and corridors. In our rooms the minibar was broken. Hotel responded quickly to place an extra fridge in our room. In every case the staff responded very quickly whice is nice.The beds, the shower and the video/tv are excellent.Nice hotel but not worth the money, location is great when you to see thousands of people 24 hours a day.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	3	3	3	4	1	

<Author>padz
<Content>clean ,boring,just a place to sleep! we booked this hotel in january last year,2 adults 3 kids,we had a 2 double beded room we booked tru hotels.com,we are starwood prefered guest but when we where checking in we were told we could not get any points as we didnt book directly with the hotel!!this realy put me off,it was very cramped but it was spotless and warm and the beds were very comfy although on the small side a bit! not enough room for us to move about in the room but they had no suites available so we made the most of it.i will say unless your on business or 20 somthing this is not the place for you,its not geared toward family or teenagers,but they were very polite and helpfull,i like clean and modern so it was ok i suppose.the 5 of us are going back to nyc in two weeks but wont be staying the the westin this time ,if anyone has any good family hotels they recomend please feel free to contact me tru tipadvisor.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	2	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Andyble
<Content>Excellent experience, up to all expectations, plus some. We stayed there a few days either side of New Years Eve, and were mainly very pleased indeed. We travelled from the UK, there were nine of us in four rooms, and apart from the rooms not all being ready - which was not handled well - the rest of the stay was wonderful. The position is ideal for Times Square and much of all else in NYC.The rooms were very fine, perhaps slightly showing some wear, but the bed and shower and facilities all measured up to best expectations. The food for breakfast and evening meals was extremely good, in fact the fillet steak was up there amongst the best I have had anywhere. The restaurant service was top notch, even new years day!The service, pre arrival and after arrival, was in most respects very good indeed. The Concierge desk was superb, and set us up with the best New Years Eve experience in Times Square we could ever have hoped for, especially as it coincided with a 21st birthday.The only surprise was the handling of our checking in, it being announced that our rooms were not all ready, almost as if it was our fault éˆ¥æ¸‚ecause of the time of yearéˆ¥? but this may have included some language issues, eg our English accent perhaps! It seemed to magically sort itself, which was also left unexplained.To make up for that, a small but significant admin issue re the booking agents, making some prepaid rooms unpaid, was handled immediately with such care and management attention that I have never seen before in any hotel anywhere in the world.All in all we had a thrilling new year experience in New York, and the Westin Times Square contributed a large part to that, indeed if they read this then thank you very much.AJ  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	2	5	4	

<Author>kiwiyankee
<Content>Peace and Quiet in the City... We recently lived in NYC for 10 years and were back visiting for the holidays. We wanted a hotel room for Christmas eve and Christmas night. We booked a room for under $300 a night in advance on the hotel website (a bargain for this quality room in NYC)If you are looking for a centrally located, modern, comfortable, quiet room, with a view, then this is the place for you. It's exactly what we were looking for. If one had to gripe about the room I would say counter top space in bathroom is lacking.Don't stay here though if you want history/atmospheric charm; or if you want a happening lobby/in-house bar and restaurant...for that stay at a W hotel, Four Season, Hudson Hotel, Morgan Hotel, Bowery Hotel, Soho Grand, Tribeca Grand etc...  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>sciguy0504
<Content>Very good       View from 15th floor  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>desertmom68
<Content>Comfy Beds We chose this property for its central location and the heavenly beds. The room  bathroom were both very small, but clean. We had a few problems with the internet connection, but overall had a good stay.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	3	4	2	

<Author>BMW530
<Content>terrible manager worst staff they gave away our room terrible service manager was vulger and rude he just kept screaming that thats all he has which was a smaller room for the same money They Ruined our new years  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	5	2	1	1	2	

<Author>KingHamid
<Content>Westin Times Square cheats customer on Starwood points I booked the room for 7 nights using Hotels.com and spent over $3200. However westin refused to give me points towards my Starwoods because I made my reservations using Hotels.com and not directly through Westin. This is speacilly unpleasant because I paid the commison to Hotels.Com and not the Westin.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>2	3	4	4	3	4	2	2	

<Author>Quilting4Cats
<Content>Pleasant Experience I stayed at the Westin from Dec. 26 -28 and was very pleased. This was my second time staying at the Westin this year. We arrived quite early on the 26th (10:30 am) and was actually able to get into our room! This was a pleasant surprise and I highly recommend asking for your room when you arrive rather than wait until check in time. You might get lucky as well. We were on the 16th floor and did not have any problems with outside noise. The location is phenomenal with easy access to broadway, central park, rockefeller center, 5th avenue, empire state building and herald square and of course times square is a 2 minute walk from the hotel. Just about all lines of the subway are right outside of the hotel as well. Our room was very clean and modern. I agree with the other reviews about the bathroom sink space being small with not enough counter space to set items on. At least this trip I had travel size toiletries so it was not as difficult to use at the sink. I would stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>linda528
<Content>Happily Surprised My husband and I recently settled on the Westin Times Sqaure, as it was the only hotel left in NYC where I could use my Starwood points. We are very glad we did. Although I've generally shunned Times Square on visits back to NYC, we had a great time. The hotel itself is well-located on 43d and Eighth Avenue, close to numerous theatres as well as Hell's Kitchen and within easy walking distance of Madison Avenue shopping. The hotel lobby was bustling but the staff efficient--as a Starwood gold member, we received a complimentary upgrade to a deluxe king corner room on the 28th floor -- absolutely fabulous room with flat screen TV, wonderful bed, iHome, and gorgeous corner room views of the city. The bathroom was great too--never wanted to get out of the double-headed shower. I can't comment on the lower rooms and street noise, but we couldn't hear a thing in our lovely room. A couple of small quibbles: the concierge was snotty and could not seem to believe we had arrived on Christmas night without a dinner reservation. We asked if she could recommend any nearby Asian food andshe told us everything was likely booked and lamely offered to call a place I'd never heard of on the upper east side (not close) that wasprobably booked. We said no thanks and walked over to Ninth Avenue (a block away!), where we found a number of Asian places serving dinner, no reservations required. The same concierge was equally snotty when we asked where to find the half-price ticket office for same day broadway tickets (on 46th between 8th and Broadway), althoughwe at least got an answer that time. Other than that, we were very happy with our beautiful room and the fun location. Recommended!  
<Date>Dec 29, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	2	3	

<Author>melpierce79
<Content>Very Pleasant Stay at the Westin We checked into the Westin on Dec 20th for a four night stay and I must say that we were pleasantly surprised. The hotel was very clean and the lobby very chic. For perspective's sake, my husband and I are in our late 20's / early 30's with no children. The room itself was very comfortable, we stayed on the 20th floor and I do advise trying to stay as high or higher due to traffic noise. The bed was nice, not quite heavenly, but still very nice. The large flat screen is a terrific touch to the room. The bathroom was fine. I did miss the double showerheads once I returned home. We chose not to eat in the hotel as there are plenty of AMAZING and cheaper options close by. Overall this was a positive hotel experience, even for the discriminate traveler. As for the rate we found an incredible deal through Travelocity, however for the regular rate that the Westin was charging, I would have paid a little more to stay somewhere with a bit more wow factor. For our next trip to the Big Apple, I think we are going to try a boutique hotel uptown.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>jonahleon
<Content>A Solid Choice in New York The Westin at Times Square is a good hotel choice, especially if you can get a deal like we did for $210 a night during the December holiday season (be sure to visit both the starwood website and the hotel's separate website for the best rates; we booked in October). The hotel is not really on Times Square, but it is close enough. The lobby was modern and nice. The rooms were small on a standard scale, but not for New York standards. The bathroom was sleek and stylish. The bed was fabulous as was the flat-panel TV. I did not care for our view from the 10th floor, and the smallish windows made the room feel even smaller (but it was nice that they opened up to allow for fresh air). The lights gave off a greenish-yellow hue in the room which was a bit odd. The hotel is a block away from the subway, which is very convenient. All in all, I think most people come to New York to be in the city and experience things other than their hotel. And, if you fall into that camp, this hotel will be a very nice respite for the end of a busy day of siteseeing.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>guvnor1001
<Content>Good Experience, lived up to Westin standards The Westin Times Square provided no real surprises and delivered the usual level of service. We had booked a Club level room but no SPG platinum upgrades were available due to the hotel being fully booked. The room was a decent size for New York, with a fabulous King Size heavenly bed, flat screen LCD TV, iMAC as well as a sofa to stretch out on. A couple of notes on the club rooms, they are placed on the lower floors of the hotel (12th - 20th from memory) and are based around an atrium housing some of the banqueting suites on the bottom floor. This is a major disadvantage when there is a late running party where people take a while to disperse. In a 4 night stay, we had one noisy evening but security responded to our call fairly quickly and the people dispersed within 20 minutes.The club lounge was good but tended to be overcrowded at breakfast and during the early evening.The bar was a pleasant place to grab a few drinks and snacks before heading out.All in all, a satisfactory stay but I'd probably choose to stay in one of the W hotels next time.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	-1	3	

<Author>JBATL
<Content>Zero Service, Tiny rooms I'll keep this brief, even though I would like to write paragraphs about how bad this hotel is.- No Service (selected the so called service express button and no one answered even after a combined 60 rings). This continued throughout stay.- took 1 hour for bags to be delivered to room- small rooms- no upgrade for platinum members - poor views- dirty rooms with peeling wallpaper, markings on walls, cheap furniture, aging matresses.- Concierge (all) are uselessMy suggestion, stay at the Hilton across the street. That's where the rest of my family stayed and they had much larger, cleaner, rooms with MUCH better views. Service was complete opposite of my experience (very friendly and helpful).  
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	4	2	3	1	1	

<Author>Amberti79
<Content>Nice Hotel, but there was one BIG problem I just stayed here the weekend of Dec.15th through Monday. The hotel is very nice, but there were a few unexpected glitches that people should be concerned about. First, I have been to NYC more times than I can count, but never stayed in Time Square, now I know why. I am in my 20's and love this city, but Time Square actually has a lot more low lifes in it then good people, so if you want a more peaceful hotel that is near the same places, stay on 5th ave. I speak from experience the quality of the people is just better. Second, my 2 complaints for the actual room was this, there is no fan in the bathroom so it is like a sauna, and the sink is so small that you cannot fir your items on it. Lastly the biggest thing, my sister left her wallet (with no cash, but credit card and license!!) in our room because it didn't fit in her tiny purse. We didn't realize it until the next morning when we had to leave, but her wallet (with her photo ID) to get on the plane was missing!! A maid took it and we later found, used it at the hotel vending machine (debit/credit card). The staff denied maids in the room at this time, but this is not true due to the fact that I was w/ my sis and saw her place the wallet on the dresser. We almost missed our flight, and had to go fill out a police report for her to even get on the plane, such a fiasco. Anyway. this was upsetting along w/ the treatment of the situation.I realize one should not leave a wallet lying in plain sight in a room, but still is was just shady and plain wrong. Word of advice, watch the maids and all personal belongings, we didn't and ended up getting burnt. Other than that this hotel is ok, I'd reccomend staying on 5th ave though, take my advice.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	2	5	3	2	5	

<Author>jzo77
<Content>Could have been much better, but could have been worse I have mixed reviews about this hotel. We stayed here for over two weeks while our NYC apartment was getting renovated, so we had a lengthy stay. We chose this hotel for the Starwood points, the location and the size of the rooms. We had reserved a corner king room on a high level floor at around $750 a night. We went upstairs and our keys didnéˆ¥æª› work. My husband had to run downstairs and get them to reissue the keys. When we finally got in, we found that they put us in a regular room. Iéˆ¥æª“ not sure if she just didnéˆ¥æª› realize she did that, or if she thought we wouldnéˆ¥æª› notice. They did move us when we called down and asked, but just having to do that seemed like a negative start.We did ask if we could get access to the club amenities (gym, breakfast, hors d'oeuvres) since we were staying for so long. They did put that perk on our keys, which was nice.Our real room was nice and a decent size, with windows facing north and west. The whole éˆ¥æ¥¬eavenlyéˆ¥?line was mixed. The bed was very comfortable, and the shower was wonderful. The robe was pretty pathetic though, and the towels were pretty rough.There were a few little, annoying things with the rooméˆ¥î›šhe alarm clock didnéˆ¥æª› have a night option (lit up so you can see the time at night). There was an iPod adapter which would have been nice, if it worked. There were no drawers for clothes. We had to use the desk drawers. The second night we were staying there, we noticed there was no ice bucket. We called down to have one delivered. Since it was after 10pm, they charged us a $5 delivery charge. Not that $5 is a lot of money, but when youéˆ¥æª™e paying $750 a night, and they donéˆ¥æª› have an ice bucket, getting charged $5 to receive one seems rediculous. They did take off the charge when my husband inquired about it, but again, just seems like an inconvenience. The bar downstairs in very nice. The bartenders are not!The location is pretty good. Not in the middle of Times Square (nightmare), but central enough to everything, especially if youéˆ¥æª™e here visiting. After 10pm, you are required to show your room key downstairs to get into the hotel. I really liked this. It added a sense of security.We actually had a pretty good experience downstairs with Shulaéˆ¥æªš. Yes, itéˆ¥æªš expensive, but so are all steakhouses in NYC. My husband also loved that he could order items off the Shulaéˆ¥æªš menu for room service (they donéˆ¥æª› list it, but you can ask). The regular room service menu was pretty good. However, there were times when we called to order food, and the phone just rang and rang. Weéˆ¥æª‡ have to wait and call back a couple minutes later. Are they really that busy?Like I saidéˆ¥î›“ixed review. A lot of the complaints are petty, and my husband and I are really go-with-the-flow kind of people, but when youéˆ¥æª™e paying $750 a night, for over 2 weeks, you tend to expect just a bit more. There are definitely better places to stay in the city for the money, but youéˆ¥æª™e not going to have a horrible experience here.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>3	2	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>theseatsaretooclose
<Content>Great central location Gone are the days when Times Square and seedy could be said in the same sentence. Unless of course you are discussing how it's not seedy anymore. The Westin is but one of several new properties that grace the Times Square and theater district. It's location is ideal for people coming into the Port Authority building by bus from Newark or other locales. As well it has good subway access below it, for quick trips to the Village or uptown to Central Park. The rooms are standard Westin fare. Not as cutting edge as the W, but nice with very comfortable beds and bedding. The television had a solid channel selection with some premium channels. However, two problems with this hotel are the shower and curtains/window frames. The shower had the really annoying problem of losing water pressure frequently, only to then have a torrent of scalding water rush through, followed by an equally disturbing cold water bath. Nothing bothers me more than a bad shower. It just ruins the start of any day and a brand new hotel has no excuse. Also the metal exterior of the hotel acts as a tuning fork, as it brings in the various sounds from the rooms next door. A neighbor closing his/her curtains is so loud, you almost think its your curtains being closed. Overall though, it is still a very nice hotel, but at that price and in that city, there are so many other choices that may be better.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Robberbobbles
<Content>Room with a view       Clinical Bathroom - but great shower  
<Date>Dec 9, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Earthman83
<Content>More like a 3 star than a five star We stayed in an executive club room for 4 nights.The room was large enough and the signiture westin heavenly bed didn't disappoint as usual.However the walls were paper thin-We could not only hear the conversations and laughing in both next door rooms,we could have spoke to them,we most certainly heard every word.This unfortunately included things you do not want to hear at 4am involving the couple in the room next door.Essentially there was no privacy,it was like staying with the waltons except late at night that couple next door weren't the waltons!The shower in the rather small bathroom was awfull with sometimes only luke warm water and the water pressure was poor.The bathroom was a disgrace I thought,it was kitted out like a public washroom in my opinion.The bathroom floor tiles looked dirty as if they hadn't seen a mop in a long time.The club lounge was nicely appointed but the hot snacks in the evening were poor,they tasted like they were reheated over several nights eg dried out mini quiches and mini sausage rolls.It was a nice enough place to relax and read a paper untill the crowds came in at snack time's and at breakfast time.The self service basic continental breakfast was grand.I wouldn't recommend this hotel to be honest,it's too pricey for what it offers and it is far from luxurious.It's more like a poor 4 star or a standard 3 star.The only 5 star quality I thought it had was the fact that it offers 24hr room service.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	3	2	3	3	4	

<Author>IntegrityTravel
<Content>They have the Westin basics down, but need help with service.       The windows open, but we wondered if the hotel next door was a  
<Date>Dec 9, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	2	4	2	1	

<Author>3-girl-traveler
<Content>Great experience at the Westin I stayed at the Westin on December 2nd. Hotel rooms at some of the nicest places in NYC are small. My room was quite large. I could not believe it. I had a corner room with windows covering two walls. It made for a magnificent view. The beds, without saying, are wonderful. I noticed no noise at all. The location is great and I felt safe walking around nearby. The only negative was that there was a charge to use the hotel gym.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WorldTravellerChick
<Content>Enjoyed our stay at the Westin Arrived very late in the evening and headed straight to the bar - it's a little small but that didn't really matter once I saw the drinks menu I was on a roll - chocolate martini's, umm delicious! the rom was lovely (we had a corner suite) and the bed and linen was too die for - you can purchase all bedding at the hotel. The hotel breakfasts are lovely but you can go for a stroll outside and find cheaper diners. It's more of a business hotel but as we were planning to do christmas shopping we wanted to be near all amenities. Waiting for cabs outside the hotel is helped by a heated entrance and the service on reception desk is very good. The interior is a little dated but all in all it was a good, warm and comfortable stay. We will definatley return to the Westin.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>beachiemom
<Content>Very Nice Accomodations, Great Location! I've stayed here twice, both in the fall of 2007. We had adjoining rooms both times and brought our kids. The location can't be beat! The beds are very comfortable and the rooms are a good size. We did not have any meals in the hotel, so I can't speak for the service or the food..... too many other options around! The front desk staff were very polite and accomodating. The bell staff could be a little friendlier! I had forgotten about their rudeness until I read some other reviews on here. I would definitely recommend this hotel and would stay here again in a heartbeat! Enjoy!  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	2	5	

<Author>Ozi_Traveller
<Content>Lousy Club Room How can this property be rated as a Category 6 by Starwood?I have stayed in Starwood properties on over 30 occasions this year, and have been in the top tier of their frequent stayer program for more than 10 years now.This is one of the most over-rated properties I have stayed in. The foyer and checkin staff met expectations - it looked good, and the staff were helpful, polite, and very friendly. The room was just okay. It was more consistent with a Category 3-4 hotel - very basic furnishings, bland decor, poor quality window covers, and not that much better than an average to superior motel (some Holiday Inn Express properties have better looking rooms).The view was quite poor. The higher floors get great views from 3 sides only - so 'bad luck' if they allocate you a room on the side looking towards time square, as you can't see much past the buildings next door!! Maybe a higher floor would have helped, but we were on a floor in the high 20's.Our biggest problem was the Club room at breakfast and evening drinks time. They had clearly booked more people than the space, amenities, food, drinks, and staff could cope with. At breakfast time we had to cue for 20 minutes for each breakfast item we needed. It was mind boggling to see that they had two toasters for 50 people in the room! A long time to wait for those bagels to toast! There was insufficient seating, and we had to wait a considerable amount of time on each morning. If we stay again, we would prefer to go somewhere else for breakfast - it isn't worth the 1 hour trauma to get two bagels, juice and coffee.When I provided the duty manager with feedback on our last morning, she did apologize, informed me that it was because they had so many people booked for Easter, and offered us another breakfast in the main restaurant. A better response might have been for the hotel to manage its bookings so they could meet demand and/or increase the space for its Club amenities if it wants to cater for so many people.If you're looking for a 'reasonable' hotel, with no particular frills, in a great location - then its pretty good. If you're expecting something special - particularly for a Category 6 - then you are likely to be disappointed. If you're used to the Westin hotels of Europe, Australia and Asia - then give this a miss and try the much more stylish W at Times Square.Peter and AnnMelbourne, Australia  
<Date>Dec 1, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	5	3	4	2	2	

<Author>babydix
<Content>Absolutely loved the Westin Times Square We stayed for 3 nights at the Westin Times Square Nov. 10-13 and loved the hotel. The location is ideal since you are in the middle of Times Square, it doesn't get any better than that. Walking distance to all Broadway shows and entertainment, restaurants, etc. Main subway station across the street, it was awesome. The hotel is beautiful, very modern and clean, very comfortable bed, spacious room with a nice flat screen TV and cable. We had a corner room with beautiful views of Manhattan and the Hudson river. We got a great deal through the hotel website, they were running a promotion of stay 2 nights and the 3rd night was free. I would not stay anywhere else in NYC.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>JoeLeTaxii
<Content>A Great Hotel in Times Square We stayed in a corner room on the Executive Club level. The room was *huge* - it would've been a junior suite at most other NYC properties.Much bigger than I'd expected. The bonus of breakfast, appetizers, andespresso in the Club Lounge was great. We were traveling with our 1.5 year old daughter and the added space of the large room and the comfortable retreat in the club lounge were very welcome.We ordered a Heavenly Crib (free of charge), but it is smaller than a normal crib and our daughter ended up sleeping in the king size Heavenly Bed with us (there was plenty of room). For an infant, the crib would've been fine. It was great having a bathroom that was big enough to help the baby take her bath without feeling crowded. The room was clean, but showed clear signs of wear and tear. Some touch up on the trim and wallpaper could resolve this. The TV and computer were great, but even though we had a slick iMac in the room there is an additional charge for Internet access. The iMac worked great as a video player for the Teletubbies DVD when we needed a little quiet time.As a corner room, we had three 7'x7' windows looking down on the city.We loved the natural light and being able to look down on all the activity, but the windows had a downside as well. We were on the 12th floor, and the street noise still was quite intrusive. The hotel should consider replacing the double pane glass with laminated windowsto reduce street noise (especially sirens) or submit to less chic window coverings and install heavy curtains to muffle the sound. Curtains also would help with climate control, as it was cool outside and the heat in the room could barely keep the temperature up unless the fan was turned up from low to the louder medium setting regardless of how high you set the thermostat. Otherwise, the room wasalmost silent -- we never heard a door or footstep or any other sound from within the hotel.In the past we'd usually stayed at the Rihga Royal or Essex House. Both of those hotels have changed owners (and market positions) so we went with the Westin. We like the chain because we know we will like the beds and it is rather casual (although I love Ritz, etc., I don't typically shave or wear a tie on weekends, and parents don't always feel welcome with kids in some of the more upscale hotels).We'd be happy to stay here again, but it truly is in the center of themayhem of Times Square, so we may look for a quieter part of town nexttime.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>jules0497
<Content>Fantastic Hotel My family of 4 (2 adults and 2 children) recently returned from a Thanksgiving weekend vacation in New York. We chose the Westin and are thrilled that we did. After reading some of the negative reviews I was a bit concerned but did not experience any of the problems some folks wrote about. The lobby is intimate and warm and clearly the ambiance that the hotel intended. The rooms are comfortable, modern and offer everything a traveler might need. We did request extra pillows, robes, and toothpaste and received all within 10 minutes of the request. Our room was quiet and I did not hear outside or inside (from other rooms) noise. I also did not notice the toilet being any louder then other city hotels. The front desk staff were attentive and pleasant. I went to them several times to ask questions regarding my room rate and other things and had no problem. With the exception of Giselle ( I think that was her name) all of the concierge employees were helpful and provided good suggestions and accurate directions. The location is excellent. We really enjoyed our stay and would definitely return. Only drawback is that the hotel rate itself is not inexpensive. You will spend money to stay here.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>alandubo
<Content>Excellent hotel As a frequent traveler to NYC, this has to be one of the better places I have stayed. Amazing location (one block from the heart of Times Square), and just overall a great hotel. The rooms are big, clean, and full of nice comforts (flat screen TV, big bathroom, Heavenly beds, computer, etc), and the staff were great. A great Westin - well worth a stay.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lambie22
<Content>Great Hotel! Great hotel, V nice rooms!We stayed here in March 2006 in a large group with my Partners work (80 odd). We had already been given an upgrade to a suite by the company, so were very pleased to have a room on the 29th floor. The room was very nice and had excellent views down to Times Square and across to the Reuters building and the Empire State building. The staff were courteous and helpful and the hotel had a thoroughly modern yet comfortable feel. The non stop express lift from 1-25 made me go dizzy as it was so fast but at least nipping outside (non smoking hotel) for a cigarette wasn't a trek!!!  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	3	3	4	

<Author>vacationlover08
<Content>Hotel is OK My husband and I stayed at the Westin Times Square for our Anniversary. Short two night trip. The location of the hotel is great, located close to everything. Hotel is comparable to most Westins. Upon check-in we were not told we had been given a handicap room, but realized it very quickly when we got into the room. Outside of the handicap room, stains on the carpet and the noice in the hallway, the room was fine. Bed is comfy as usual and handicap bath was actually OK, walk in shower and all tiled. Lighting in bathroom was pretty dim. Overall, it is better than a Sheraton, but not as nice as a resort style Westin. The quality is decent (not great), but for NYC I think location and decent quality is OK for a hotel in a $300 a night price range. If you can find a better boutique hotel stay there, this a big hotel with OK service. Bar is nice and pretty crowded.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	2	2	3	-1	

<Author>Chistery
<Content>Great Location, a little pricey Just got back from a 3 night stay at the Westin. Had a 3 for the price of 2 nights deal, making it more reasonably priced. Check in was fairly swift, though my request for a higher up room was not met, got one of the lowest possible, for a corner deluxe, and no possibility of a later checkout as they were full. Staff not too chatty, but they did their job.So, up to my room on the 25th floor. Lifts fairly quick and throughout my time there, no issues with having to wait too long, which can be a pain at some hotels, though possibly this was due to the lack of theatre traffic at peak times because of the strike?Great location, especially if you are getting the airport bus, as the port authority bus station is just across the road.Not so sure about security. There's an entrance on 42nd which is completely unmanned, though it's only open till 11pm I think, after which you have to show your card at the main entrance (not that any one ever asked me) though didn't have any problems or see any issues with this myself.Internet access a rip off at $15 for 24 hours, but at least it's not for noon-noon, which is more of a con. I guess people pay it so there's no incentive to provide it free.Having read about the noise from the toilets, I wondered how bad it could really be, and yes, it's incredibly noisy. You can hear the other toilets nearby flushing which is a pain especially when you are trying to sleep. Heard no noise from the neighbours though, just their constant flushing!My main gripe about hotels seems to be the curtains. The Westin didn't let me down. They have blinds, and then a flimsy curtain as well. I do like blackout curtains when I go away, so I can sleep until I wake up naturally, not when the sun shines in the room and wakes me up.No shower gel in the bathroom, just soap, which was the only thing missing from there, but everything else provided, and the room had an iron and board too. Stocked up bar, but I never use them, would prefer an empty fridge.Overall, it's a nice business hotel and handy for tourists, but not sure I'd stay again if I was paying, unless I got a great rate. Can't be beat for location though, great for Times Square and the Theatre district.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	3	3	2	

<Author>paulandmanda
<Content>Massive Dissapointment Having stayed at the westin in san fransico we were looking forward to our 4 days in westin nyc. How wrong we were.Our room was not available until 6pm, after a long flight from uk and a dinner date at 7-30 across town. The reception staff were quite possibly the most unhelpful and most miserable i have ever encountered.Without going on and on the westin was just a(expensive $750 per night) disappointment right up to the end. We called reception twice for a bell boy, after waiting 20 minutes, we gave up waiting and carried our own bags. Do westin care about their GUESTS ??????. On leaving we filled in a very negative comment card. Have we heard fom wesin ? you guessed it. NO.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	5	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>terravisum
<Content>Great location, property and service       King Club room  
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>erack
<Content>Great Beds, great staff, large hotel but great servcie still We stayed in the Westin Times Square during the NYC marathon. It was a heck of an experience and we could not have asked for a nice base camp for the adventure of the marathon and NYC in general. Centrally located and convient subways, the Marriot also has great BEDS and wonderful helpful staff. The ONLY problem we had was getting our Anniversary amenity on time. In hindsite I wish it had never came because i drank almost the entire bottle and it effected me in the marathon a few days later! :)Upon arrival, I asked the hotel staff if they had a note about us not only being in NYC for the marathon but also for our anniverary, and they did. They upgraded us to a suite with a lovely view of the Hudson and 43rd street. The room had a seating area and two tv's but was still in a one room set up. Huge bathroom with nice amenities and the King bed was to die for. Plenty of closet space, a well stocked mini bar and a safe!Great place to use as a base to explore the city and find a little romance. It's in a very busy area so ask for high up if you want quiet. We where on the 35th floor.Btw, windows work and you can let in fresh air. Nice, nice, nice modern hotel with most of the bells and whistles.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	4	5	5	2	

<Author>johndoe77ie
<Content>Another Great Stay This is the 3rd time i've stayed in this Westin and it really is a great New York Hotel.Great service, Great location, Great rooms.What can i say it's just Great.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>drummergirl43
<Content>Good Hotel My boyfriend and I took my sister and her friend to NYC for her graduatin gift. We booked the Westin. We wanted a hotel that was in the heart of NYC. I read many of the reviews for the Westin. They had good and bad. When we arrived at the Westin we booked a 2 queen bedroom. When we checked in we were told we were booked in a queen suite. We had to wait an extra hour to get a room that would accomodate us. They did give us voucher for free drinks at Schula's resturant. When we got to our room it was great. We had a great view and everything was great. The next morning when I went to take a shower we had no water pressure. We called maintence and it took them a half hour to get to our room. When they arrived it took them about 45 mins to fix the shower. When they fixed it we still didnt have great water pressure. They said that everyone in the hotel didnt have water. Overall our stay was good. You cant beat staying in the heart of Time Square. If you are looking for a place to stay a couple of nights this is a good choice.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	5	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>M-and-007
<Content>Lovely break - fantastic location My husband and I stayed at the Westin for 3 Nights in October for our Birthdays and were genuinely pleased that we chose the hotel. From the minute we arrived we were looked after and greeted by some of the most poilite staff that we encountered throughout our break - nothing is too much trouble and they are helpful and attentive to your needs. We had a corner room on the 22nd floor which had magnificent views of the city, it was clean, spacious and had the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in. We ordered room service for breakfast on one occasion and were not disappointed - it was lovely, although as with everything in New York - the portions were huge!We didn't eat at the Hotel restaurant, nor did we use any of the facilities - although we would certainly stay again...do try Budda Bar - the food and service is great and the ambience is wondeful.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>cecomp76
<Content>Unexpected Delight! For a last-minute business trip, I checked Hotwire for available hotels in Midtown. The Westin Times Square ended up being my selection, and I can't begin to tell you what a fantastic deal I got for this hotel!This is a wonderful hotel in a wonderful location (one block from Times Square and three blocks from Restaurant Row on 8th and 46th). I was cordially greeted at check-in and given a room on the 10th floor in the business section. Having used Hotwire or some other low-priced search engine before, I know sometimes hotels will not treat you the same as a full-price paying guest. That was not the case here at all.The room was absolutely huge (I was expecting a closet for my good-deal price), with lovely amenities - very large, flat-screen TV, Apple computer (or you could hook up your own), great bedding, bathroom, shower, etc. I really lucked out with this hotel!Noise was not a problem at all, and I thought it might be in a 10th floor room. Not so. View was not all that great - could see a bit of 42nd street, but not much more.I would whole-heartedly recommend staying at this hotel!  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>kjgouge
<Content>Westin was perfect Booked the Westin for 2 nights (10/28 and 10/29). The hotel is beautiful although I agree with some people it is sort of cold. I think it is definitely geared more toward business travelers. But it was great for my niece and myself (both 40-ish). Arrived early (about 1:00 pm). Our room was not ready but we checked our luggage and walked around for awhile. Finally got in the room about 4:00 pm. The front desk staff were very friendly but the concierge didn't seem too knowledgeable the couple of times we asked for directions. We were in Room 1520 (a double-double).The view was of a construction site directly across the street and the Port Authority on the opposite corner. The beds are well worth the price of the room. Best sleep I have ever had in a hotel. The bath is beautiful - love the curved shower rod. The double shower head didn't really make a difference to me. i could take it or leave it. room was very clean. I had read some reviews talking about noise. We heard very slight traffic noise, not enough to disturb us and absolutely no noise from inside the hotel. The prices in the snack center are outrageous. Never in my life would I pay $ 4.00 for a Snickers Bar or $ 4.50 for the small can of Pringles. Just plain ridiculous.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	4	

<Author>The_Sheikhs
<Content>The Westin is a fantastic hotel with an amazing view       View of Westin Hotel from the Empire State Building  
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>stmcki
<Content>Old stay, but wanted to share the kudos It's been a couple years since my stay, so I apologize, but I wanted to share that this is a wonderful hotel. Staff was very friendly and helpful. Was given a room on the spa level. My room included an electronic massage chair. Room was clean, nice, and stylish. Plenty of room to move around. Bed was very comfortable. I didn't get much of the street noise.You can't beat the location. One block from Times Square. Next to movie theater. Plenty of chain restaurants.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>familyoffour1007
<Content>Wish we could have stayed for longer       The Mall Central Park  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gemsy23
<Content>fantastic location! We stayed at The Westin for 5 nights and thought it was fantastic! It was my boyfriends birthday and they upgraded our room free of charge with a fabulous view of the hudson river.The room was spacious, very clean and modern. As everyone says the beds are so comfortable and just the thing you need after a long day in the city!The hotel is in a superb position to explore the city. We brought a 7day pass to the Subway which cost æ‹¢12 and it got us everywhere (there are several subway entrances along Times Square). We also pre paid for the City Pass before we arrived and this was invaluable- meaning all the main sights were paid for and we skipped many of the queues.We found the reception staff were very attentive, friendly and helpful.A fantastic holiday and we would definitely go back and stay in the Westin.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bluevoter
<Content>For expense-account travelers and the wealthy The Westin is an excellent hotel if you are OK with spending $500/night for your room (including taxes) or having someone spend it on your behalf. The $500 is just for a start, though, since continental breakfast is $20, wired Internet access is $15, the exercise facility is $10, designer water in the room is $7, and even printing your airline boarding pass is $1.50. If you upgrade (higher room rate) to the Executive room, then you get a 17 iMac in the room (nice touch!), a 32 LCD TV, and access to the lounge, which includes a continental breakfast.As for the location, you are literally on top of 9 subway lines, a block from 40 movie theaters, close to the Port Authority Bus Terminal, and within walking distance of all of the Broadway theaters. If you like the activity of the Times Square neighborhood, this hotel or the nearby Hilton and Marriott is for you. However, the Millennium Broadway and the Muse (Kimpton) are not far away, and they are considerably quieter. (I've stayed in all of these hotels over the years, but personally prefer to stay on the quieter Upper West Side near Broadway and the number 1 subway line).As I'm an urban survivor by nature, I didn't mind the frequent sirens on 42nd Street or 8th Avenue, but that might be an annoyance for some visitors. On the second night of my stay, we were awakened at 4:30 AM by a fire alarm and a sequence of announcements broadcast over a speaker system into the guest rooms. After 20 minutes, we were told that it was a false alarm. From what I could tell, the hotel staff treated this event as a routine occurrence, so make sure that you bring pajamas and a robe with you for a possible room evacuation.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>4	2	5	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>fissy83
<Content>The Place to stay in New York Me and My Girlfriend stayed he in Febuary 2007 ( 13th - 21st ) Snow evrywhere, we had booked a deluxe room, on our arrival to this hotel taking in the all the site, this being my first NY visit. When we came to the check-in desk we were kindly greeted and given a free upgrade to a deluxe corner room. We told them we were also having a late Valentines day ( On the 17th due to the flight on the 13th didn't want to arrange anything incase the flight was delayed) he told me he'd lay something on compliments of the Westin. Dying and very tired well headed for our room, the elevator even had there own little tv - How COOL!. When we reached our room 3529 we couldn't believe the Standard, Quality, Space and above all view of the room. The room was Incredible and we had 5 massive windows, all with views of times sqaure and the hudson river. The heavenly bed lived up to it's name, after a 7 hours flight and a limo ride i felt like diving under the covers but as usual i explored the room. The TV was a lovely 32inch flat screen, massive work area with internet *at a charge* i then dove in the mini bar. The prices of the mini bar weren't to bad compared to some. The Heavenly bathroom was brilliant, it had the curved shower curtain, lovely tub, massive mirror, and so much space. but the thing that i loved the most about the bathroom and excuse the saying but  i've never sat on a comfy toilet were *with the door open* you can see the empire state building *see pic* (don't worry i'm not in it). As we hadden eaten for like 7 hours and were exhusted we tried out the room service which came from the restaurant in the hotel Shula's Steak House we placed an order (see pic) it was not to badly price again for a hotel. My first night in the heavenly bed sent me off to sleep for a good 12 hours and has to be the most comfortable bed in NY. The cleaning staff were great always seem to come when we weren't there but did an amazing job. The receptionist were very helpful and friendly. On the 17th (Our valentines day)we went our for the day and as i booked everything through allnewyorktours.com i couldn't tell my girlfriend what i had planned. I had booked a Helicopter ride around manhatten, if your a photographer like myself it is somthing you have to do. It was a 15minutes ride (which somehow i took 200+ pictures in) and you see every bit of new york, but i did feel a little sick as i'd never been in a helicopter before. When we arrived back to our room we had 12 red roses in a glass vase put on our desk for my girlfriend for valentines day (i did ask the hotel to provide them and that was at a cost but only $25 which i thought wasn't bad) on that day i suprised my girlfriend with a meal at tavern on the green (the only restaurant in central park) plus we had a carriage ride through central park dropping us off there which was $40, the meal it'self was $240 but as it was a 5star restaurant which did include 3 course and the first drink free. tavernonthegreen.com when we arrived back at the hotel around 10pm there was a knock at the door the Westin had laid on a bottle of champagne and chocolate covered strawberry, we thought this was a lovely touch to the evening. Overall the hotel cost us æ‹¢2000 *with flights and all charges included* and i would have spent double that for the hotel standard amd service we got so for the 10 days at the Westin and we left with no complaints or faults and will certainly stay the next time we go to New York.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lindafromNJ
<Content>Nice experience at the Westin My husband and I stayed at the Westin last weekend. It was our second time there. First time we had Executive Suite which was hugh and very nice. It was summer at that time so the prices were alot cheeper. Last weekend we stayed in a standard room on the 12th floor. The accomodations were more than adequate and the bed is just so comfortable. We were pleased. The room is a nice size. The bathroom leaves alot to be desired with the metal sink and rolling cart. That is the only complaint. Everything was very clean.we got into the city at about 11:30 on a Saturday and we were able to check in immediately which was nice.The staff was extremely friendly and accomodating and the location can't be beat.I will definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>BigMacChannelIslands
<Content>Recommend the Westin Just got back from a 4 night stay. We had wanted the Sofitel as we had stayed there previously but it is now very exepnsive and not in the Thomas Cook brochure so after some research we plumped for this one. The location is good and as we were celebrating an anniversary the receptionist found us a room on the top (45th) floor - the WOW factor in terms of the view at night was 10/10 (and not bad during the day either!) A nice touch was when we got back one late afternoon to find a complimentary chilled bottle of wine and homemade chocolate cake waiting for us. We didn't breakfast at the hotel but instead went to the Red Flame or a Europa Foods on the corner. Generally a good hotel but it does feel a bit too business orientated as the reception area is very impersonal - and don't rely on the bellboys to get you a taxi.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>AtTheBackOfThePlane
<Content>As central as it gets and great staff I stayed 4 nights at the Westin on business. It wasn't cheap at $445 a night but locations don't come much more central and the view over the Hudson from the 41st floor was impressive. Also the concierge service was very good with restaurant recommendations and tourism advice.A word of advice, check the price of the dinner special in Shula's before you order!  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	4	2	3	-1	3	

<Author>JHH_75
<Content>very good hotel in central location Stayed for three nights during a weekend paying a very good rate through priceline. Got a room on the lower floors which was of good size compared to NYC standards.Very clean  modern, everything was in perfect order. I was especially amazed that the room was very quiet, heard hardly any noise neither from outside or from other rooms or the hallway.Coffee maker with starbucks provided, mini-bar is pricey.Location is perfect, almost on Times Square. Subways, eating options etc within walking distance. Check-inn staff  concierge very efficient. There is a small business center. Internet fee is 9,95$. Housekeeping did also a good job. The hotel is connected to a cinema with a mexican restaurant and a starbucks. Small grocery next door. Overall, I really enjoyed the stay at the Westin Times Square, nothing to complain about. Would definetely return if I got a good rate.Small hint: If you need a cab to travel outside manhattan, do not let the hotelboys know. They call a cab already waiting and the cab driver needs to pay some sort of commission for the ride which will be eventually paid by yourself. I did that mistake and it ended in a 10 minutes argument regarding the price for a 5 miles ride to Jersey city. So just tell the guys you want to a destination somewhere in Manhattan and negiotate the fare with the cab driver afterwards (but this is a problem certainly not limited to the Westin).  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>traveltoomuchToronto
<Content>Pleasant surorise at the Westin Modern business hotel located one block from bustling Times Sqare. Swift check in and immaculate rooms, seek to be upgraded to the Executive Club floors, the furnishings are a little better and you get free breakfast etc. Very pricey ($600), but sets a high standard for a business hotel.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>2	2	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>youngaussie
<Content>Stayed here twice and fantastic! Being a Starwood Preferred Guest member, I've stayed here twice and loved it both times. The first time was in a standard room, but still very large and comfortable. The second time, was upgraded to a corner deluxe room that had wrap around windows, beautiful views of the Hudson river, and a very well equipped and large bathroom.The major plus of this hotel is location, location, location! Right in the heart of Times Square, very accessible, near Port Authority bus terminal, and the subway stop. But you do pay for the premium of location.The downside of this hotel is that the rooms feel stuffy. The windows don't really open so it is quite humid in the rooms and my corner room with a view had slight smoke smell problem, even though it was a nonsmoking room.The hotel's lobby is very nice and totally quiet/private as it's two floors up from the street level. Concierge were always busy as the hotel has many guests with families to contend with. I would recommend this hotel to families, tourists, and first time visitors to New York.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>HB4
<Content>Nice modern hotel       Comfy bed  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>bostonlight
<Content>Super Location Great Location. Beautiful hotel with very nice rooms. Very comfy beds and towels.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dgtray
<Content>First trip to NYC We spent a long weekend at the Westin Times Square Sept. 27 - 30. I used Starwood points to book the room and and we were upgraded to a Club King room. However, since we aren't platinum (only gold) we didn't have access to the loung which was a little disappointing. Our room was on the 16th floor and we had a view of 7th Ave, but we couldn't see the street since we didn't face it directly. Not a big deal since we weren't in the room that much and we didn't hear the street noise. The club room was large with a sitting area, heavenly bed, large flat screen HD TV. The bathroom was large enough, but the as many have mentioned the counter space was limited. The two headed shower was nice. The hotel staff was friendly, but we didn't really need to see them very often. We did get a map and printed our boarding passes at the concierage. Some info about the local area. The hotel is between 42nd and 43rd streets and 7th and 8th avenue. You can enter our leave the hotel on either 42nd or 43rd depending on which path you take from the lobby. If you go out the 43rd street exit you will find a drug store on 8th ave. where you can stock up on water or other things you may need for your sightseeing adventures. We ate at the Europa cafe on 43rd and the Pax Foods on 42nd for breakfast. Both are very short walks from the hotel and have decent prices. Also, the 42nd street station is right by the hotel and accessible from either exit. We were able to get a metro card for $10 with 6 rides. You are also a short walk from all of the buzz of Times Square and can join the thousands of other people walking along 7th avenue and Broadway looking at the lights, the people and shopping. We ate the first night at the Mexican restaurant outside the hotel lobby which was decent. Also, there is a Starbucks down the escalotor from the Mexican place. I almost forgot there is a movie theatre up the escalator if you were interested.I almost fogot about traveling from and to the airport. We decided to reserve a car and driver from Carmels for the trip vs. a taxi or bus service. It worked out well and the price to the hotel was $28 and from the hotel was $33. You are responsible for tolls and tip too.If you read any of my reviews you know I like to run and there is an excellent running route from the hotel. You go out the 43rd street exit and run to the 12th avenue (right by the Hudson) and there is a running/walking/biking path all the way to Battery Park. I planned to run to Central Park, but only ran one day, so I missed out on a run in the park adventure.On to the sightseeing tips. We did the following: Ground Zero, Wall Street, Brooklyn Bridge, Natural History Museum, Central Park, Empire State building, Top of the Rock, Statue of Liberty, shopping on 5th avenue, walking in Little Italy and Chinatown. If you are going to the Statue of Liberty go to the park service web site and get museum passes, so you can visit the museum and go up the first 156 steps (as high as you can go). If you don't have a pass then you can't see inside. The line for security before you board the ferry is easily 60 minutes, and if you have a museum pass then you go through security again on Liberty Island. The ferry goes from Battery Park to Liberty Island to Ellis Island and back. You can stay as long as you like on each stop and get in line for the ferry when you are ready to go (we didn't visit Ellis Island). By the way the security is probably more extensive than airport security, and you can't carry a backpack into the museum. The park service web site has information on security requirements. From the time we got in line to the time we returned on the ferry was close to 3 hours.We spent more than 3 hours at the Natural History Museum and Planetarium. There is a lot to see and some really good exhibits and shows, but I probably like the Smithsonian a little better. After the museum we tripped through Central Park and enjoyed some wonderful scenary on a beautiful Friday afternoon. By the way the subway takes you directly to the museum.It was difficult to see much at Ground Zero due to all of the construction. You can walk around the perimeter and peek through the fence, but the best view is probably from the Empire State building.The Top of the Rock trip was well worth it. The lines were short and you get some great views of the city plus a nice video show on the ceiling of the elevator on your trip up. We were only in town for a long weekend, so Little Italy and Chinatown was one area where we spent some time Saturday afternoon. It was absolutely packed with people on just about every block and if you want to shop you can find just about anything you desire.Overall we had a great time and exhausted ourselves trying to see as much as possible on the trip. Next time we will take it a little slower and limit our sightseeing trips significantly. The hotel is excellent and we felt secure wherever we went in the city.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>DamselflySal
<Content>Quality hotel in a great location I stayed here with my Mum 8 Sept - 12th Sept and we enjoyed it. Had a double double room which was a good size. Bed linen was lovely and had doubled headed shower.Toilet sounded like an airplane loo so a bit of a rude awakening if you needed to go during the night!We were on the 29th floor so good view and no noise issues even though the hotel is right by Times Square and Broadway.No free internet access which I thought was a bit rich as it cost over æ‹¢200 ($400) a night to stay in the hotel!  
<Date>Sep 22, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>dharmadc
<Content>Perfect Location My wife and I stayed at the Westin for a quick weekend get away. We enjoyed the fact that the location was ideal for quick subway rides to Soho, etc. We have stayed at other places in NYC and found this central location to be ideal. The room was very clean, very well kept, and comfortable. We stayed in the slightly above standard room, I believe they call it the comfort room. I would highly recommend this hotel due to its location and room quality.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>DonaldE
<Content>Westin NYC was excellent We visited NYC over Labor Day weekend and stayed, for the first time, at Westin Times Square. We have stayed at several hotels in NYC including W, The Londoner, and Sofitel. Westin stacked up quite well. Our room had a view of the Hudson River and was on the 39th floor. It was very quiet. The bed was comfortable, the room was ample size, furniture in good condition, and the double showerhead was great. Also, the rooms come with a ipod docking station built into the stereo, so bring some tunes. The only disappointment was the fitness center  wi-fi were extra $$$. Can't complain though -- we received a AAA rate of $229/night.We flew into Newark, and found the Liberty Express Bus to be very economical ($25 roundtrip!), quick and comfortable. It drops you off less than one block from the Westin Times Square, at the Port Authority. Of course the location of the hotel is perfect for easy access to theatre, subway and is a nice jog away from Central Park. Also, plenty of Starbucks' nearby. In fact, the Starbuck's in the same building is open 24 hours, which was a nice, quick breakfast.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Counter1
<Content>This hotel made our Anniversary great We have just returned from spending 5 nights at the Westin NY. This trip was a surprise for my wife to celebrate our 40th wedding anniversary. I had read many reviews of the Westin, and despite reading some that were not too flattering, I decided to book a Deluxe room. Communications with Westin were good, and I received a standard email prior to our departure confirming the booking and asking if there was anything else we wanted. I replied and let them know the reason for the visit, asking them for the highest available floor and requesting late check out on our departure date. I was surprised to receive a reply from the executive assistant to the hotel manager, and even more surprised that the staff at the check in had been made aware of it. My wife and I were delighted to discover that not only had we been allocated a room on the 45th (top) floor, but had also been upgraded to a Deluxe Corner Room with absolutely stunning views on two sides.Our days in New York were exhausting on busses, boats and miles of walking, but the great thing was to be able to return to the tranquillity of our hotel room. The heavenly bed was just that. The shower was brilliant, the decor was smart, modern and very clean. It was all very comfortable, with every amenity. We took several breakfasts in our room and the service was impeccable. All the staff we encountered either on the telephone or in person were helpful, courteous and clearly anxious to please. We could not fault this hotel, from the speedy check in to the express check out - they did us proud. Any criticism? Well just a small one. We would have to agree with other reviewers that the toilet flush IS noisy! Nevertheless we would recommend the Westin at Times Square to everybody.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>orgphi
<Content>Wonderful Westin The staff was terrific and very friendly. The room was clean and the crib for our five month old daughter was very nice. The location is ideal. Great hotel and service.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bigcitymagic
<Content>Fantastic stay How can you argue with a hotel that offers superb service (door, front desk, concierge, tickets/tours, housekeeping), is responsive to requests (a second robe delivered in less than 10 minutes), has terrific room amenities (BOSE radio, IMac computer, widescreen LCD TV), and has an Executive Club lounge that made good on its promise of continental breakfast and evening hors d'oeuvres. Plus, the hotel was quiet (didn't hear a thing), had windows that open, and is in a terrific location in the Theatre District. Thank you to all the Tripadvisor reviewers who had a balanced view of this hotel - you made our decision to book the Westin easy!  
<Date>Sep 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>scottb24
<Content>Westin is the bestin Just back from the Westin, and would love to live there!!!we stayed on the 39th floor and the first thing i said when we got into the room was WOW, the view of the skyscrapers and the Hudson river was fantastic. As they say about the bed being heavenly its absolutely true.Staff really helpful, even let me keep room cards as souvenirs. Location is just about the best. You can easily walk to Empire State Building and Macys, in the other direction Rockerfeller Centre and Saks.If you are staying in the Westin in the near future I'm jealous already and we only came back yesterday.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Gaybi
<Content>The heavenly Westin Just returned from four nights at the Westin. Everything about the hotel was first class from the Bell Boy, reception through to the amenities. We were upgraded to a corner room on the 31st floor at no charge. The room was huge with three large windows all with wonderful views. There was even a fantastic view from the bathroom, which was very spacious.The Heavenly beds are the best we have ever slept in and certainly lived up to their name. The soundproofing certainly worked as we could hear nothing of the traffic below. A calm, peaceful haven in the middle of a bustling city.I would definitely recommend this hotel and will go back if we visit New York again. The location just off Times Square is excellent.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>blkjck5697
<Content>Great hotel! We had two separate stays here in early September, one a Priceline booking, and another using Starwood points. Both times, we were impressed with the professionalism of the staff that attended to us.We checked in on our Priceline stay to find that we had been assigned a king room, when we were hoping to get a double/double. The front desk attendant was apologetic saying that there were none available, but looked one last time before issuing us room keys, and found that housekeeping had just cleared the room we wanted. While the view wasn't anything to look at (a sign for the Hotel Carter), it was very quiet. Our SPG points stay resulted in a corner suite on the 34th floor. The room was large for Manhattan, and the view fantastic. While the room faced 8th Avenue, and street noise could be heard, it wasn't a very big distraction.The location of the hotel is great. You're at most a 10 minute walk to anywhere within Times Square, and there are enough restaurants, bodegas, drug stores, and transportation options that make this location a convenient launching pad to visiting the Big Apple.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sdht
<Content>Love the Westin Stayed here for work and loved it. Would go back for personal travel.Hotel: Great hotel. Best bed ever like they advertise. Room was a nice size. Great floor. Nice views. Perfect location! Lobby is nice very upscale very New York.Activities: Was working so spent a lot of time in meetings. Did manage to get some shopping in before I left and went to a play on Broadway. Excellent.Dining: At with the company at the hotel. Good food but I know NYC has way more to offer.Nightlife: Did not make it out on this trip. (8am mtgs everyday) but again its NYC I'm sure there is tons to do!Overall: Not sure when I'll get back but I will be staying at this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mae2468
<Content>Loved it! I booked through Priceline for the Sunday of Labor Day weekend. Got the room for $150+tax  had called to request a king sized bed. Westin agent offered an upgrade to a corner room king for $25  I grabbed it. When I arrived to check in, the upgrade wasn't recorded but the front desk gave me the same upgrade, but for free. Front desk staff was all very professional, polite and a pleasure to talk with. The bellhop waiting at the elevator was super friendly too. The decor is modern, the lobby a little dark, but we thought it was nice. The room was excellent - nice size for NYC, ultra comfortable bed, nice bathroom. The safe was large enough to accommodate a laptop  more. Decent views. The location was right off the bustle  bustle of Times Square  very convenient to all the touristy stuff. This was a great deal  definitely one of my favorite Pricelined hotels.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Combatcrazy1
<Content>Fantastic Location, fantastic veiw! I am giving this hotel an above average instead of excellent because we had a few housekeeping issues. Our room didn't get cleaned for 2 days because the housekeeper said she couldn't get into our room because we had double locked it. We were out at the time and you can't double lock the room from the outside. We complained to the manager and he gave us 100 dollars to use on the mini bar but we were going home the next day and didn't get chance to use it. Having said all this, it didn't spoil our stay as the room was lovely and the beds are really comfortable, just what you need after a day and a night on the town. We had a great view and could see the Empire State Building from our window.The hotel is in a great location within close proximity to times square and there is a great restaurant in the hotel called Shulas. It's a little bit pricey but the food was excellent. We went with another couple who ate there twice because they loved it so much.Even with the problems with the housekeeping we would stay there again because I'm sure it was a genuine mistake. Our friends who stayed in another room had no problems at all.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	3	5	3	-1	

<Author>ferdia35
<Content>Great room. Having extra requirements on my booking made contacting Westin before arrival essential, and the very helpful Robin made the process very easy, and arrival with kids and too much luggage seamless with the good humoured bell service.Check in was professional - the layout of reception is not unlike a bank, giving the lobby an transitory feeling, which was fine by us!The room that we had been allocated was terrific - corner side, quite stark, with panoramic views - a real highlight - thank you Westin.The room service is excellent (used it alot), nice bar service, and the young porter who got the short straw with taking our luggage from our room refused an additional tip for his efforts. A first! We also found the Concierge very helpful.However, the were a few problems. I had to use FX a couple of times, and apart from the horrendous rates of exchange, I also encountered the weakest, rudest Starward employee throughout my years of using these hotels - coincidently my wife had encourntered the same awful woman for an alternative purpose and received a similar reception. S...a's obviously in the wrong profession!Also, the ticket service is expensive - saved over 50% by phoning ticketmaster.However, the stronger members of the hotel team compensated for any weakness, the Times Sq location is great.....and we did have that room!  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	2	5	5	

<Author>sak01
<Content>Nice hotel right off of Times Square Just got back from a 2 night stay..about $300 per nite on Expedia(NYC is expensive)...was nice to the front desk and got an upgrade to the Executive Floor...rooms are a nice size..large flat screen tv and a GREAT shower...the rooms are clean( a bit of dust on the nite stand) and comfortable..the beds are good( a bit firm for me) and linens are soft. If you face 8th Ave. you will hear some street noise..so ask to face 42 or 43rd streets.If you will be hanging around Times Square and the Broadway theatre scene, this is a nice place to stay. For breakfast, go the Westway Diner only 2 blocks away on 9th ave between 43 and 44 st.....I had eggs and bacon for $5.60!! The hotel is a rip off for breakfast(as are all hotel breakfasts!!)Enjoy the city and get 1/2 price Broadway tickets at the booth at the Marriot Marquis Hotel!!  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>sammy1970
<Content>LOVED THE WESTIN great place to stay would defiantly go back  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>smp826
<Content>Great hotel and Great service My boyfriend and I went to NYC for a long weekend for my birthday and it started out GREAT with the hotel. When we checked in, we were given an early check-in (which I didn't think we could get), then we were upgraded for free to a suite with a GREAT view of the city (request a high floor). The room was very nice and clean and a good size for NYC. The bed was very comfortable and I did not hear through the walls as you do many hotels. There was not much counter space in the bathroom, that would be my only negative thing to write. We did not eat in the hotel restaurant as there are so many other NYC restaurants to check out. Located right in Times Square, you are right in the center of it all and close to everything (or a cab ride, or train ride away). Just be prepared for LOTS of people. We will definately stay there again on our next trip to the city.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>VCG
<Content>Pretty Good Stayed at Westin for one night. Got a good rate from the spg website (if you consider $280 good, but hey its NYC). I am a gold member so I got an apparent upgrade. Room was decent. Nothing fanstastic, decent. Location is excellent. It is one block from port authority on the corner of 8th and 43rd. Times square is at the back entrance of the hotel. If its action you want, this is a great place to stay. Overall the experience was good. Nothing great, but nothing bad also.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	4	

<Author>Rosalina-Conchetta
<Content>The wonderful Westin!!!! My boyfriend and I stayed at the Westin hotel in New York this past weekend Aug. 16-19/07. The rooms are very comfortable and spacious. The Westin is known for their heavenly beds which are so cozy to sleep in. We has a spectacular view from the 36th floor. The bathroom however was quite small and is made for one person it seems like. My boyfriend took me there for my birthday and I had such an amazing time. Wherever we go we always like staying at the Westin. Customer service was also very nice to us. One morning, we decided to have breakfast in bed which very nice but a huge rip. I had a huge yogurt with berries and it was delicious but they must have screwed up on our order at least 5 times for that one order. That's okay though, everyone makes mistakes. The restaurant in the hotel called Shula's Steakhouse is also very good. Aside from the hotel, we went to go watch a broadway show 'Hairspray'. It was so much fun to watch. My boyfriend also surprised me with a cruise which was so romantic. We enjoyed many other attractions while we there like the Yankees game, little Italy, and the Rockefeller centre. I would suggest other people to stay at the Westin hotel because it is in a perfect location, close to everything. I hope to get a chance to go back to New York very soon as I would like to experience every season there.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Desi_traveler_77
<Content>Amazing Rooms We took a last minute trip to NYC last weekend and decided to go all out and stay the the Westin.......I was awesome....the first night we staying in a executive room on the 16th floor. Huge plasma TV, Computer, and spectacular bed.....when they say heavenly bed, they are not kidding. Very clean, modern, and great view. The second night we stayed in a corner room on the 35th floor. It was even more amazing......total of 5 windows including one in the bathroom. Even the shower was heavely with two huge showerheads that dump gallons of water on you.......Overall all experience was spectacular....will always go back to the Westin when we go back to NYC.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>planotechmom
<Content>Terrible Bathrooms but nice hotel Westin Times Square is a lovely hotel with one very big flaw! The bathroom has no virtually no vanity or counter top. Ladies-you will find it extremely challenging to fix your hair, put on make-up or just about anything else in the bathroom. There is no other mirror anywhere in the room to facilitate putting your curling iron down while you pick out your next section of hair. Definitely designed by a man!  
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hopenm
<Content>Hit and Miss Let me start by saying that I stay at Westins often and am a starwood member. Having said that, this Westin was not up to par, especially at over $400.00 a night. First the good things:We had a great view, the a.c. kept up with the 95+ heat, the customer service manager was apologetic and helpful when we called with issues and the concierge and bell folks were very helpful. This is also a very central location and we had no trouble walking or subway-ing our way all over the city.Now the issues: We booked this hotel as part of a vacation package, so we knew we wouldn't be getting any starwood points for the price of the room. However, as I confirmed later with Starwood services, you are supposed to get points for things you purchase at the hotel - food, spa, etc. I have done this at other Westins. When we checked in I tried to give the check-in person my Starwood card so we could get points for these incidentals - she flatly refused. She said because we booked through a vacation package we got no points for anything. I tried to explain to her what I just explained here, but she would not listen and was very rude. Not the type of customer service I'm used to at Westin.Next - for some strange reason, every day we were given a new bottle of mouthwash, even though we never used it. In contrast, the shower gel, which we used up the first day, was never replaced - 4 bottles of mouthwash, no shower gel! When my husband called on the third day to ask for shower gel, they said it would be right there. 1.5 hours later I called the service manager and only then did we get shower gel (actually an entire bag of bathroom stuff we didn't ask for, including about 4 more mouthwashes - is some trying to tell me something?!?!?!)Housekeeping also left anything that wasn't put in the trash - the empty coffee supplies, the empty bottles in the shower, etc. I have never had that kind of stuff left in the room anywhere.Finally, and this is a general Westin complaint as it was also true in Boston. You can't just print the words heavenly bath on a bar of soap and think that makes it a heavenly bath. True Westins have a wonderful seperate shower and a deep soaking tub - THAT is heavenly. A regualr old shower/shallow tub combo is not heavenly and rather dissapointing after a long day of walking and looking forward to a nice soak. There should be some standard for what is and is not labeled heavenly bath.So, all in all, if I had it to do over again, with as easy as the city is to navigate, I would have found a more reasonbly priced hotel out of time square and from now on will call all Westins and ask them just what is so heavenly about their bath before I book.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	1	3	3	

<Author>eksdhs
<Content>Westin Times Square a Good Choice!       View of buildings from 16th floor facing 8th St.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	3	-1	

<Author>BigDaveinOhio
<Content>Great Beds! Only stayed 2 nights at The Westin. Tried to pick a hotel with a view in the midst of the action because I was taking my nieces to NYC for their first time. The Bellhops and the guys outside that greeted us were fantastic, unlike the clerks at the desk. Very cold and didn't seemed pleased to have me as their customer. Unfortunately our room looked out into a brick wall and I was totally disappointed with that. I expressed my displeasure and they said they couldn't do anything about it but would give us a different room the next day which they did and the view was fantastic. The beds and the location are definately the high points. I've never paid that much for a hotel room so I guess I didn't know what to expect. Seems like a lot of money for what we were receiving but guess that's just how it is. But the beds were great. Or maybe it was just because I was so exhausted!  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	1	5	-1	

<Author>SandDragon
<Content>Location A1 We booked this hotel because of its proximity to Times Square and the tourist buses / attractions which was a priority for us on a 5 day trip to New York (my family's first visit).Check-in was a bit slow possibly due to lack of staff (it was July 4th). The rooms were very nice with plenty of room and a nice modern bathroom, plasma TV and a decent view.The location was great - Times Square a block away, the Port Authority a block in the other direction. Theatres all around. The hotel is also accessible through the cinema on 42nd Street.We had breakfast once at the hotel in Shula's - most expensive breakfast I have ever had but it was quite nice. There are plenty of nearby eating options as you'd expect at this location.I found the concierge very helpful for touristy questions and in general the staff were nice. All in all a good hotel (as you would probably expect of a Westin) but nothing too out of the ordinary.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	2	4	-1	

<Author>Robby7
<Content>CONFIRM YOUR RESERVATION!!!! Booked a Sat night in January on the web site. When I checked in August 11 th we were told that the rooms were sold out. They offered us a lower priced room but this was not what we reserved.whcih was a club level. Overall the hotel is clean. Front desk staff could not care less about us until we spoke to a manager who gave us money off the room. I would hesitate booking this chain since they overbook rooms.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>2	2	5	5	5	1	1	5	

<Author>HorrisJames
<Content>Best hotel I've ever had the pleasure of staying at! We got an excellent deal for New Years Eve 2006/07 as it was one of the less expensive hotels we found in New York that had decent reviews. On arrival we were immediately impressed as the place looks awesome inside and out.The room was a reasonable size with an incredibly comfortable bed, flat screen TV, lovely bathroom and a great view. The staff were polite and helpful without being cheesy which was a welcome relief having stayed in Florida the year before.We wanted to return this November but unfortunately the price seems to have rocketed and is now about 1é™† times the amount it was previously (despite the fact that we were there for New Year!).New York is now officially my favourite place on the planet and the Westin, Times Square my favourite hotel.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Chilledtothebone
<Content>Not what I'd expected. It was an interesting contrast spending the night in London near Kings Cross at a business meeting and walking around at 10.30pm, we felt slightly uneasy, there was a simmering atmosphere in London that night and I was happy to get back to the hotel. The next day I took an early flight on my own to New York. I flew Virgin Upper in the top part of a new 747 and that was worth the extra money - fantastic service as always from Virgin. As I said the contrast on arrival in New York was amazing, I'll talk about the hotel in a moment but walking around Time Square at close to midnight was an experience everyone should have, the people were friendly and the atmosphere electric. Ok the hotel, not cheap so you'd expect it to be good and to be fair it was. The room was sharp and modern and the legendary beds every bit as good as the publicity material would have you believe. But for me the Hotel was just stark and cold. The service was first class but if you want a drink or something to eat you're better off going the 200 yards to Time Square where theres loads of choice. There is a famous Steak House in the Westin, it has an American Football theme and some of the best Steaks you'll ever see although how the guy opposite me ate half a cow beats me !! My room at a view of sorts but nothing to shout home about.Would I stay there again ?? Probably not but as a comfortable and convenient Hotel for all of NY's attractions it fits the bill.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>TravisMT81
<Content>Great Stay!       Great Bed  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Rob007London
<Content>Great but not cheap A fantastic stay in a top location.The ground floor lobby was a little disappointing on arrival, but things got better from there. Check in was efficient and we had a great room with 2 beds on the 43rd floor. Spacious room for NYC. Stunning views of the city and no noise despite the very central location. All facilities were good. Great service from the desk advising on excursions etc. Concierge a little sniffy. A couple of friends sent presents to the room, which arrived on time. Only problem was the cost - and that's not unique to this hotel. For British travellers expecting a bargain because of the strong æ‹¢, you're out of luck. All the best hotels were charging about $400 a night. That said, it was a special occasion, and worth it.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>5	2	5	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>JAD7185
<Content>just ok Nice large clean room .Friendly staff.Had lots of trouble getting through to the front desk-phone just rang and rang-never answered on 3 occasions.Lots of slamming hotel room doors early am.Dark boring lobby-nothing very exciting for over 400 dollars a night.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>Dozens
<Content>Luxury loved it       Bathroom  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BCTraveller_7
<Content>Very good hotel in a great location Spent 8 nights at the Westin Times Square (on vacation) earlier this month and I have no complaints whatsoever (well maybe one - see below) . The quality of the accomodations and overall hotel service are what one would expect of a hotel in this category. The only thing I would suggest skipping is dinner in their restaurant (Shula's). While the food is quite good, (albeit a bit overpriced), their wine list is a joke. A good, 'fine dining' restaurant, DOES NOT need to have a wine list that STARTS at around $60! Morton's is better overall (went there as well) and a good wine can be had there for under $50. Overall though, a very good hotel in a great location. Shop for the best rates (packages) on their parent 'Starwood Hotels' site.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Tacho18
<Content>Excelent Location! Nice hotel My wife and I were on NY and Canada this summer and NY was the first stop in our journey.Basically we selected this hotel because of its excelent location ( we were going for 2 broadway shows ) and because of the heavenly bed!! Generally we miss our bed when we are on vacation, but this hotel make us feel like we are at home.The lobby and the building are not very impressive, but the rooms are very nice, modern design and very convenient, they got flat TV, Radio Clock with Ipod Dock, and of course the heavenly bed and the heavenly bath.The location is awesome, we are just in the heart of Times Square, at 2 blocks from the Minskoff Theatre and one from the Majestic and from Breadway itself. At 4 blocks its the home base of the Grey Line Bus that do the NY Tour ( very recommendable, you can go by all NY!! hop on and off wherever you want ). In the same block its a very nice pizza restaurant ( Bella Vita Pizzeria ) and in the corner of the 43th and Broadway there is a nice Cafe to have breakfast ( Europa Cafe ). Try this hotel, its nice, convenient and very confortable!  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>joshdotcom
<Content>An honest level-headed review I have stayed in many hotels in New York and around the world. As I see it hotels can be divided into three groups: (1) hotels where you feel like you get what you pay for, (2) hotels where you feel like you had a truly special experience, and (3) hotels where you feel like you have been robbed. Now just because you spend $400 a night and a bowl of name-brand cereal costs $10 does not mean you are being robbed. A good hotel will give you the service, presentation and comfort that $400 a night and a $10 bowl of cereal warrants (e.g. some of the hotels run by St. Regis, Four Seasons, Ritz Carlton). Other hotels, like your average Holiday Inn or Best Western, give you what you pay for (a wholly average experience). The Westin at Times Square sadly fits into the third category - a hotel that is simply not worth the money you pay and will leave you feeling like you are the victim of extortion. If you do choose to stay here make sure you stay in a room ending in the number 9 - these are the best rooms and surprisingly a middle category of room type - a deluxe. Whatever you do - do not stay in a junior suite - they are small (the pictures on the website are completely misleading) and they are fairly unattractive. Why is this hotel average? The service simply does not live up to its price category. To be fair to the hotel, they try, but the hotel is simply too large to make anyone feel as if they have had a personalized experience - and at more than $500 a night (you will pay an average of about $60-$100 extra in taxes and charges above your room rate) it is simply not worth it. There are no chocolates on your bed, fresh fruit in a basket or free bottles of champagne. There is maid service once a day and they do not do anything like fold your clothes or turn down the bed at night. The room service offers four star restaurant prices with a corner deli quality of food product - the closest you an come to getting anything truly satisfying is ordering a $6 cup of Starbucks coffee. What becomes blatantly obvious at a hotel like the Westin Times Square is that the hotel is willing to trade profit for customer satisfaction - unfortunately because the hotel is on one of the busiest (and unattractive) intersections in New York it is not likely that the hotel will learn its lesson anytime soon - and what lesson is that? - that the hotel business is a service industry and nothing in a service industry is more important than a loyal customer. This hotel could not care less whether you come back - maybe that's because they know you won't. All that being said, if you are a business person who will be staying at a hotel on corporate dollar and you will be spending your days outside of the hotel and you need a central location and for the most part you want to be left alone - book a room here ending in the number 9 on a high floor and you will be happy - I promise.Yours truly,World Traveler  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	4	2	2	

<Author>porscheturbo
<Content>Not recommended I am a regular guest at this establishment and stayed there most recently for a week in July for business.The hotel has declined from its earlier days and the rooms show signs of aging and lack of maintenance. Other things that made me wonder whether this is a Westin or a Motel 6 include:1) the horrific sound the toilet makes is enough to encourage me to drink/eat less.2) The carpets on my floor (43rd floor, starwood preferred floor) is littered with debris and uncollected room service trays with left-over food.3) The bed sheets never got changed during my week long stay there. I suspect my newly developed itching is somewhat related to the not-so-clean sheets.4) The fire sprinker in the room has its base detached from the wall.5) Had to call housekeeping to tidy up the room twice.6) They no longer have wireless access in the lobby and make you pay $15 a day for internet access.The only plus is the location. But there are other nice hotels nearby as well. I would not stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	4	1	3	1	3	

<Author>Jayde88
<Content>Enjoyed the Westin New York Westin hotel was overall a good experience. The location was convenient, walking distance of Times Square, the beds were very comfortable, and the view was nice. The room was clean and I also liked the double showerheads. Only key negative things were the room was unavailable when we arrived at around 1:00, since checkin is 3 pm, we left and came back and around 3:00 still had some trouble getting into the room. The front desk had to keep checking with housecleaning to see if hte room was ready but they couldn't even find them. The toilet is also very loud, so at night if you wake up and don't want to wake up who you are staying with, I suggest you don't flush it. However, my experience with the business center was very nice. I had some packages delivered there and one didn't make it on time, so they are holding it until my friend goes down to pick it up for me. Overall I liked the hotel and would stay there again if just for the Westin beds and convenient location.Overall suggestions for New york - try not to eat anything chain store-like for food. In my experience, food has been more expensive and a lot worse. In the past I have been to TGIF on 5th Ave, and it's really bad here and this time we went to Appleby's which was also awful. Food was cold. Normally I wouldn't eat these if you are in New York, but sometimes you are just hungry and pick something familiar if you haven't planned anything else. However, food on the good side - Le Gigot in Soho on Cornelia street has great brunch. Yummy french toast and crab cakes. Have also been to Tao and Spice Market - both are okay, nice decor Asian fusion food. Somewhat trendy restaurants.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>nlamb
<Content>GREAT Location! Neat hotel!       The view from our room.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>dottie dog
<Content>Dirty and awful, even after sanitizing! This was my third stay at this hotel for business. My prior stay found the carpet wet with no explanation -- this stay was much worse. When I checked in, the room had not been cleaned! They gave me another room, which appeared clean. A little while later while unpacking I found week old newspapers and many plastic trash bags in the drawers. After speaking to the housekeeping manager who promised to have the room re-cleaned and sanitized, I went to my dinner meeting. When I returned it did look better. However when I went for a bottle of water in the minibar, I found at least 8 items of food from a prior guest (stinky leftover pizza, sandwiches, fruit, etc) YUCK. Needless to say they apologized again. This hotel is not up to westin standards. Housekeeping is the weekest link. It's just not clean. There is no cafe to pick up coffee or light breakfast. The workout room has an expense of $10 per day. The concierge was downright rude. the business center charges to print a boarding pass (rare in these days). The walls are thin and you can hear someone in the room nearby opening the blinds as well as flushing the toilet.All of this for $400 a night.no thanks!  
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	3	1	1	2	1	

<Author>NCG
<Content>Fabulous Room I took my daughter to New York for her 18th birthday. We stayed at this hotel from 28th June to 1st July 2007 and upgraded to a club twin. The upgrade was well worth the extra as it included a lovely continental style breakfast and we were able to get drinks and snacks in a hurry after a busy day sightseeing and shopping and with little time to spare to find a restaurant before going to the theatre. The evening snacks were a perfectly adequate light meal. The upgrade also included free use of the gym but we ran out of time to make use of the facilities so can't comment about the gym. The room itself was very spacious - we had two double beds, which were the most confortable beds we have ever slept on, and plenty of space to move around. There was a wide screen television and a computer. The advertised free internet connection is only free if you take your own laptop - if you want to use the computer in the room to get on the internet there is a charge of $14.95 for 24 hours or $7.95 for 30 minutes. The bathroom was also spacious and despite what other reviewers say there was adequate room beside the basin for toiletries and there was also a 3 tier trolley on which you could put sponge bags, hairdrier etc. There was only one bathrobe but we called housekeeping and a second one was brought within about ten minutes. The bath was quite shallow but the double headed shower was lovely although not particularly powerful. Some guests must walk into their rooms looking for things to complain about, but I cannot honestly think of anything worth complaining about. We loved this hotel, it was spacious, comfortable and clean and ideally located for the theatres. We highly recommend it and would definately stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>RobertJP
<Content>Average We stayed at the Westin at the start of July. I would say that it is ok but for the price we were paying I was expecting a lot better than ok. The common areas and the rooms look a little tired. The walls were paper thin and we could hear the people in the next rooms conversation. We paid extra for a high floor city view and that was pretty good. We could see the top floors of the Empire State Building. Some of the staff were very helpful but I would not stay here again.NY itself is everything you can ever imagine.I would recommend, Grand Central Station, St Patricks Cathedral, Top of the Rock, MOMA, Central Park, Macys, Sea Port.Grenwich village is good for a cafe breakfast. Our favourite was Twelve Chairs. If your there at the weekend try to take in a basketball match at The Cage.Also do not be afraid to use the subway, it works really well and feels very safe.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>yawgo
<Content>Wonderful Spa Room We arrived very hot and exhausted after fighting the trains and subways from Jersey City with luggage at rush hour, (dragging everything through the masses in Times Square) in 98 degree humid weather. Check in took no time at all, and we were upgraded to a Spa room on the spa floor. It was wonderful. The bathroom was fabulous (and huge), with the best hairdryer I have ever used at a hotel. The robes were plush; the massage chair was sleek and powerful (so much nicer than the chairs you typically encounter at Sharper Image and nail salons). We had a panoramic view of the city without the obstruction of any large buildings within a block. The bed was fabulous, and they even provided tranquil spa-type music to aid in relaxation. From the bustle of Times Square, this was a very well-thought-out oasis in the middle of a bustling city.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>caccrco
<Content>Fantastic Hotel, Amazing Location We stayed 3 nights at the Westin Times Square. The hotel is in a great location (across the street from the Port Authority Bus Terminal) and about 3/4 of a block from Times Square. We received an upgraded room (without request) with a great view of Madame Tassauds and the new Ripley's Believe it or Not Museum (unfortunately, we didn't have time to go to either one!). They also provided my children with free Westin Kids Packs - little bags they could wear on their back with crayons, maps, stencils and hats. The room was clean and nice, although not especially large (to be expected in NYC). My only complaint is that I used the business center twice and had to wait both times.Overall, a good experience, a great location and I would certain staythere again.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>rellots
<Content>Calm in the eye of the storm Haven't been to NY in 25 years and I forgot how amazing this city is. The tumult of Times Square is behind you the minute you enter the Westin. I found the decor and atmosphere very relaxing in the lobby area. When I arrived on Sunday afternoon I was the only person in the lobby/reception area. Check in was a breeze however, I was initially given a smelly, smoked -in room facing the river. ( even though I was told I was being upgraded)I must say though their response was quick and I was switched to a beautiful room on the 40 th floor facing all the action.The room was clean, laundry request was excellent but expensive. Cheaper to buy underwear, socks, tshirts than have them laundered.( I was stuck with a teenage son returning from a smelly trip abroad)Did not wait more than 10 seconds for an elevator.The staff was very helpful, concierge was cheerful and patient.Loved it!  
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>paulwoe
<Content>Wonderful hotel -- so-so staff I know Priceline customers dont always get the best rooms, but my complaints with this hotel are only about service .. my room was incredible! Snarly clerks on the desk for checkin, and a lobby filled with rambunctious kids on a field trip or something ... I sat there for the better part of an hour because the baggage check room was overflowing and I did not want to drag luggage thru the streets of NY. Their service center just does not work or serve. I requested an early make-up on the room one day (called in at 9) and was told it would be done .... somehow, 3PM does not seem like an early make up to me. That eve I realized they'd left no shampoo so called for some ... 8 hours later when I returned from my evening on the town, I discovered it had never come, so I had to call again.Overall, it's a great place to stay .. spacious rooms, lots of restaurants on 8thand 9th Aves, etc .... i simply with the quality of the staff equalled the quality of the facilityPaul from Florida  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	1	2	5	

<Author>Indecisive_traveller
<Content>Oasis in the middle of all the action! My sister and I stayed at the Westin New York at Times Square over Easter weekend this year (April 6-10, 2007). We were really happy with our decision to stay at this hotel for several reasons: First of all, some details about the hotel: We liked the contemporary decor and the fact that it was very well-maintained. Having read some of the reviews of other NY hotels, we were prepared for small rooms - however, this was not the case! The room was also very nicely decorated and well laid out - the bathroom was very clean and everything was in good working order - I loved the shower!! Bed linens are a big thing for me - I've noticed that with age, my imagination gets a bit overactive with all the ways in which dirty linens can come about. But these were always kept extremely clean - and the beds, pillows and comforter were extremely comfortable - I actually found myself looking forward to going to bed! I also found the rooms exceedingly quiet. No street noise whatsoever.The staff at the hotel were also extremely helpful. On our last day, my sister and I had done some last minute shopping and were frantically trying to repack our suitcases. They were extremely accomodating as we turned part of the lobby into a packing room - apparently, they said this was a common occurrence! Also, I had had an item delivered to the hotel while we were out, and when we returned, it was not with the front desk as I had originally been told. Still, no worries at all, as a staff member thoroughly investigated the matter and got to the bottom of it, while I continued to pack! This was my first time to NY, so I have to admit that I was a bit apprehensive about the location - was it going to be safe? I quickly discovered that I had nothing to worry about! Although the hotel was located in a very busy area, I never once felt unsafe going out about during the daytime or at nigh). There is a strong police presence (the police headquarters is located just a couple of blocks a way), but I loved that everything (ie restaurants, subway, stores, bus station) was within steps of this hotel. I also found that many of the larger chains (eg HMV, Sephora) were open quite late into the night (10pm or later). And I was also pleasantly surprised to find the salespeople extremely friendly and helpful! My only piece of advice - be prepared for the crowds! I have never been to a city where the sidewalks are almost always packed with pedestrians - many of which are tourists, I imagine. The subway is literally just around the corner from the hotel, so getting to farther destinations was no problem. As you can imagine, shopping was a key priority for us - we made our way to Century 21, the Soho district (where by the way, many stores were open on Easter Sunday!!), Filene's Basement with no problem. We also could have taken the subway easily to 5th Avenue - but we decided to take about a 20-minute walk up to Central Park, and then walk down 5th Avenue, which is a must, if only to window shop! We also went to Woodbury Commons, a humongous outdoor outlet mall in New Jersey. Bus tours depart from Port Authority, which is just kitty corner to the Westin.While our main focus was on shoppng, if you can only spend a short time in this city, and want to see the 'key' tourist sites, then this hotel is an ideal choice because it is in a central location. I absolutely fell in love with the city, and I'd like to come back and visit New York again at a more leisurely pace with my husband (but we'll probably choose to stay in an area that's a little less hectic than Times Square).  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Indy500girl
<Content>What a great experience We love staying at the Westin!! We had a wonderful stay. The front desk staff was wonderful and friendly. The heavenly bed is just what they say it is, Heaven, after a long day of shopping, eating, and seeing Broadway shows. Anyone looking for a hotel should stay here. You will never want to stay anywhere else when coming to New York City. You are right next to great food, theatres, shopping, and the subway.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>neonpinkgem
<Content>Westin - absolutely beautiful! Fantastic location! Rooms of an excellent standard - heavenly bed, bath and robe fabulous! All as described on their website and so much more! Helped make our trip to New York a true trip of a lifetime! The red tour bus is a must and don't forget the Staten Island Ferry for free of charge views of New York Skyline! In the words of our tour guide ladies and gentleman this is absolutely beautiful! The Westin is a must stay for all travelling to the Big Apple!  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>raskinco
<Content>Nice Hotel in the heart of Times Square Stayed at the Westin at the beginning of June. Stayed using starwood points so I will be as objective as possible. We were placed in top floor room with a great view of the city. The room was a little small, but probably on par for New York. The only real complaint I had about the room was the no vanity around the sink. I know nit picking. I just like a place around the sink to put my stuff. Other than that great beds, great location, and no issues with the service. The subway station is right around the corner and you are in walking distance from theater district, Times square, Rockafeller center, and central park. I am not sure how would feel about paying over 400 for a room there, but I am not sure how would feel about paying that much for a room anywhere. I guess it is inline for New York.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>FrequentTraveler501
<Content>A great place in NYC A very modern hotel that is perfect for the business traveler but would not recomend for families. I have stayed at the hotel at least 10 times and neverr had a problem or complaint about the room or staff.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>RandySuzanne
<Content>Location, Location, Location My wife and I were going to the Yankee game on Sunday night, driving down from Ma. so I decided to find a hotel in the city for a 2 night stay (Sat.  Sun.). After viewing many locations on the computer I called the Westin at Times Square and inquired about a Government rate. I'm a Sheriff's Deputy and often inquire about a reduced rate in our travels. They indeed had that rate at $214 a night (vs. $279) so I chose the Westin having not been there before, but wanting a central location in the city. We couldn't have been more pleased! The staff was friendly, answered our questions, and upgraded our room to a corner over-looking Times Square. ( a smile and being polite has always worked for me). This location between 42nd  43rd St's was ideal. We taxi'd to Little Italy for dinner on Sat. night, ($15 w/tip) but rode the Subway all day Sunday, even to the big ball yard in the Bronx on Sunday night. The hotel was clean, roomy, and quiet overall, with the occasional fire truck siren in the distance. I was impressed with the security, as when you enter the hotel from 43rd street, your met by a number of bell captains who ask for your room I.D. before they allow you to access the escalator to the lobby( after 11pm). Times Square (1/2 block walk) and everything else the city has to offer is a short cab or train ride away. I recommend this hotel highly.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SkillFamily
<Content>Great Location, lovely hotel My husband, 15 year old daughter and I stayed here in a double twin room for a 4 day break over the Memorial Day weekend holiday. We used our SPG Starpoints for 3 nights and had to pay for 1 night. We were lucky enough to be upgraded, stayed on the 40th floor and had free access to the executive club, which included breakfast and afternoon drinks. The room was a good size, spotlessly clean and tastefully decorated. My daughter loved the bathroom and having her own double bed! We received a turndown service each night and chocolates, which was lovely. The staff were friendly and courteous. The location is great if you love to be in the hustle bustle of things, but I wouldnéˆ¥æª› recommend it if you hate crowds. The weather was great whilst we were there and we were able to get out and about and see much of the city, however, since it was a holiday weekend the tours were all exceptionally busy with long queues and waits. We were advised not to bother going to the Statue of Liberty or Ellis Island since there were 2-3 hour queues around Battersea Park, so we took the free Statton Island ferry and back, which was really nice. Also advised not to bother with the Empire State building due to excessive waits so we went up to the éˆ¥æ·­op of the Rockéˆ¥? no wait, hassle, large crowds or anything, absolutely fantastic views, including the Empire State building, well worth the visit.In all we had a truly wonderful trip and our daughter canéˆ¥æª› wait to go back, she loved everything about the city and managed to spend an absolute fortune!!!!  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Whits101
<Content>Excellent Westin Booked a 4 night stay with Expedia at the Westin Hotel and what a brilliant time we had. Stayed in the Excecutive Club, which gave us complimentary breakfast's each day, and this was surprisingly good, with a fine selection of food and drink, in you own Executive Lounge. The rooms themselves were excellent with Heavenly beds, plasma tv's, Bose radios and PC's, the showers were really very good with twin heads and extremely powerful.The staff were friendly and helpful, and I had no problems in getting tickets for events or some extra equipment for the room, requested a fridge and it arrived within minutes.Then there is the location in Times Square, simply stunning, walking distance from most of the major attractions, and with subway and bus connections just around the corner if required.Not my first visit to New York, but for first time visitors its hard to top Times Square as a location, there's a real buzz to the place and a great atmosphere, with plenty of places to eat at reasonable prices, and despite the big crowds as we arrived at Memorial Weekend, getting seated was no problem.Great hotel in a great location, thoroughly recommend the Westin and looking to come back to New York as soon as possible.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Bobster115
<Content>Fantastic hotel! I stayed here for 5 days over the May bank holiday w'end. I spent a lot of time researching hotels and settled on the Westin. It was not cheap but it was certainly worth it. We were pleasantly surprised to find on arrival that we had been upgraded to VIP guests, as we were in NY for a special occasion. The room was fantastic, spacious, clean, two double beds which really were heavenly to sleep in. The view from the room was great too. We also had breakfast  evening snacks included during our stay which was a nice touch. We made use of the Spa which offers wonderful treatments, well appreciated after a busy day sightseeing  shopping!The hotel is ideally situated for all the main sights of NY. Within less than a couple of minutes you arrive at the hustle  bustle of Times Square. Most other things are within walking distance and if you don't fancy walking you can always jump in a cab or the subway. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Westin. The staff were always friendly yet professional. I unfortunately fell ill during our stay and needed to see a doctor ASAP. The hotel staff  security were prompt  extremely helpful and even deducted the cost of the taxi fare to/from the doctor as a goodwill gesture.We couldn't find fault with the Westin Times Square and would definitely like to return there in the future and happily recommend it to anyone considering staying there.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BookMD
<Content>Not delightful, but up to Westin standards Stayed one night, 6/14/07, three adults in a room with two double beds. Wanted a hotel that would be quiet and restorative because the city is so tiring. Paid extra for city view, worth every penny! Lobby was dark and hideous, don't let it discourage you. Room decor was urban jungle - black and shades of olive. Did not care for it - found it depressing. Dim lights. Tiny bathroom with no counter, a freestanding aluminum sink, felt like an airplane bathroom. Bathroom also had a metal sliding door with frosted glass. Awful. Scary toilet, pressurized for 43rd floor, made loud noises. Beds were comfortable, room was clean and quiet, large flat screen TV. One bottle of water from minibar costs $8, so bring your own!  Saw about 50 police cars, lights flashing, in formation outside on the street, all around Times Square, at around 11:00 pm. Thought we were in the middle of a bomb scare, but it turned out to be some kind of routine anti-terrorist drill.  Overall, the room was a good place to catch some sleep, and it does maintain Westin standards. However, it is not a cheery vacation destination.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	3	5	

<Author>cheesehead5
<Content>Second time was as good as the first Ok, this was our second time at the Westin Time Square. The rooms are new and fresh. The staff, both times, was extremely courteous and helpful. The first time here we had a corner room, which was large and bright. This time we had a standard rooom, which was nice but nothing special.The showers and linens are wonderful.The location of the hotel is very central to shows and resturants. it is one block off of Broadway so it is quieter.I would highly recommend staying here!  
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bworthjr
<Content>Good Place to Stay in Manhattan In my experience, this is the best place to stay in Midtown Manhattan. The room was clean and very comfortable.The location is one block off of the lights of Times Square and within walking distance of all of the shows and tourist attractions.The rooms at this hotel are much nicer than many of the other chain hotels in the area. (No, I don't work for this hotel or receive any compensation - it's just the plain truth.)Over the years, I've stayed at the Marriott East Side and Marquis, Doubletree Times Square, the Radisson on Lex and The Grand Hyatt - to name some. This Westin beats 'em all.On the other side of the coin, this hotel is pricey and the NYC hotel taxes that you'll pay are simply ridiculous. Yes, it's New York but still be sure to bring your checkbook.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>KristaInLondon
<Content>Great central location, new and modern I stayed here for a friend's bachelorette party. The Good...When I checked in, the guy at the front desk asked me if I was afraid of heights. I'm not. I got a room way up on the 40sometingth. It was great, and I thought it was a cute way to ask.The bar is really nice, although the views onto 8th are well, not the best. But all in all, I thought it was a really nice hotel bar.The showers have two heads. This is cool.The beds are awesome. I'm an American, living in Europe. So I get stuck with futon mattresses all the time. These mattrresses (the Heavenly Bed) are super soft. Also liked that the bedding was all white. Location was perfect...lots of subway options in the area.Had dinner at Hell's Kitchen on 9th one night on the concierge's recommendation and it was great. It's upscale Mexican/Latino. The gym is really nice. A number of treadmills, ellipticals, and bikes. You are a 10 minute walk to HH bagel. :)Security...when you come in late at night, security at street level asks to see your room key. I liked this touch.The lobby...I really liked the lobby on the American 2nd floor/European 1st floor. Lots of wood, nice furniture. A good place to wait for people.The Not so Good...The downside to the Heavenly Bed for me is that after two nights, I had a bit of a back ache. And I never get that. I thought paying $10 a day a tthe gym was a bit well, I wish they didn't charge. The percentage of guests who actually use the gym is small. They should make their money elsewhere.The business center is small--three PCs--so I had to wait for the Internet a couple of times. I wish there had been free wireless or some other system. I ended up buying a block of time that I didn't use entirely, so they got to keep my extra money.Sometimes, the wait for a taxi was excessive. The night of the actual bachelorette party--we ended up taking the livery cars to the restaurant because we were in danger of missing our reservation. This cost us a bit of cashola. All in all, I was pleased with the Westin. This has to be a high-traffic, high turnover property. It's absolutely enormous...something like 800 rooms. It never felt like that though. Which is a good thing.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>BambiGirl
<Content>Great Experience We stayed at the Westin New York at Times Square during Memorial Day weekend. The hotel and staff were absolutely wonderful. We arrived in New York a little early and were pleasantly surprised that our room was ready and we could check in early. Upon check-in, we were provided with maps of the city and the subway (which were extremely helpful throughout the trip). The hotel is in a great location and we never had to walk very far to find food or attractions. The hotel was very clean, the rooms were large (for rooms in NYC), and we always had prompt service from the staff. I would definitely stay here again and recommend it for anyone going to NYC.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>CarlNova
<Content>Not too shabby I've stayed at the Westin several times in the past two years (me and my friends go to NYC several times a year and it's one of our regular hotels) and all of our experiences have been great. The staff is friendly, although they did get us once by suggesting we check our bags when we arrived at 11 saying our room wouldn't be ready only to find out that it was indeed ready so we had to tip becaue we had checked them already (for 5 minutes). Other that that, the location can't be beat, the rooms are clean, beds are comfortable, and the price isn't too bad for a prime location and a four-star hotel.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>LCooperUGA
<Content>Wonderful Experience!!! Our stay at the Westin was amazing!!! We stayed there during the week the Tony Awards were going on, so it was very expensive, but every other hotel in the area was too. For the price we had to pay, it was absolutely incredible. I booked a deal on Hotels.com and upgraded to the Executive Club Level room and did NOT regret it. I had been warned not to, because the perks you got for the money weren't worth it, but they certainly were. Our room was much larger, the bathroom was larger too, and we received a free gym membership for the week. We also got a free breakfast and hors déˆ¥æª•euvres at night. The breakfast was actually very good during our stay. I had heard it was not much to talk about, but we found it wonderful. The location is incredible, too. We saw seven Broadway shows while we were in town so you couldn't beat the Westin being in the heart of it all. While used to staying in slightly nicer places in New York, I was amazed at what the Westin provided. It was beautiful, wonderfully staffed, clean, and offered perks similar to the five star hotels in the area. The Westin truly deserves a four star rating. In response to some claims of rooms not being what people expected...simply tell the staff and they will rectify it immediately. Hope your stay is as great as ours!!!  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>becca18
<Content>Fantastic location       View from hotel window  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	2	1	-1	

<Author>daisy47
<Content>Beautiful hotel, wonderful location Stayed at the Westin Times Square May 27, 2007 for one night and it was very nice. It was a surprise trip from my husband so I do not know how much it cost for the night.We pulled up and used the valet parking. It was $48 for 24 hours. You have the option to park yourself for a little cheaper or they will park it for the $48. We chose to valet but if you are trying to save money, there is a garage across the street where you can park for 24 hours and I believe it was $36. The location of the hotel is wonderful for tourists. It is one block from Times Square (no views of Times Square). It is located in the Theater District. There are tons of restaurants, movie theaters, live theaters, and stores on the same block. The lobby was very nice. A large modern lobby with lots of seating, a concierge and a large front desk with no one waiting so we walked right up.When we went to check in, the man at the front desk who helped us was very nice. We asked for a room with a great view and he went in back to check what rooms were available. We got a room on the 43rd floor with the perfect view of the Empire State Building and the Hudson River and basically all of Lower Manhattan. The room was very nice. There was a flat screen TV, a desk, chair, a big bed, two phones, and a safe and mini bar in the closet. The bed was very comfortable (a Heavenly bed) although I enjoy the Sheraton Sweet Sleeper bed better. There were foam and feather pillows. The bathroom was very pretty. It was all black slate and there was a nice sized tub (not a Jacuzzi). The sink was a weird stainless steel and kind of reminded us of a prison sink. :) There was one bathrobe to use.The room was quiet for a NYC room. You could scarcely hear horns honking and fire trucks but it was fine. The curtains and shade blocked out most of the light but there was one side that didn't close all of the way so there was a bit of streaming light in the morning.You can open your window a crack and hear the sounds of the city.Shula's restaurant is inside the hotel. We looked at the breakfast menu but it was very expensive for basic food (like room service) and there are so many breakfast places nearby that we didn't stay.We called the concierge and they were very quick and helpful with all of the information we needed.The day of check out we left our bags with the bellhops downstairs. They asked when we would be back and gave us a claim card and we were on our way.When we came back, it took no time to get our bags and the valet took about 15 minutes to bring us our car. We were told it would take 20-30 minutes to get the car back. If you leave your car longer than the 24 hours, they will charge you another $48 so pick it up on time. The valets were somewhat rude. They were taking care of many people at a time. It took some time to get their attention and they were talking to each other. Then one took my claim check, called it in and walked away to help with a taxi who he was yelling at. Then when the car arrived (with the radio and bass blasting on a radio that had 1. been turned off when we left it and 2. the channel had been changed), another valet asked for the claim check and we had to find the other valet who had taken it and he confirmed that he had it (although he never looked so I guess he memorized it). They seemed slightly disorganized and unprofessional. Overall, the hotel was wonderful, the room was comfortable and it is in a perfect location.  
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Car0linian
<Content>loved every minute of it! Can't say enough about this place. Well, it's the perfect location, literally a few steps from any show you want to see and TImes Square. The view from the 36th floor was spectacular looking right down on the square and with the Empire State Bldg. lit up at night. Quiet as it could be. Room well decorated and tasteful, great shower! Hotel staff very helpful and polite. Stay here and you won't be dissappointed in the least!  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Expat_Ozi
<Content>Adequate Hotel Just returned yesterday from a 4 night stay. Location is fine - just a block away from Times Square and walking distance to most Broadway theatres. The hotel itself is nothing special. The colour that comes to mind when I think of it is gray - the lobby area is quite dull, so it doesn't give a great first impression! Susan on the tours desk was very rude - I enquired about doing a tour the following day and was asking some general questions about it. One was asking about the size of the bus (trying to ascertain if the tour group was large or small) - and she looked at me and said Well how big do you want it to be?....you don't look like a big woman - I was shocked! She kept talking over the top of me when I was talking so my husband  I walked away. Concierge (on another desk) were so-so - I asked for restaurant recommendations for a dinner for our 10 year wedding anniversary we were there to celebrate and she really couldn't come up with any! I had done some research at home before I left into some restaurants so she was just making comments on those - not coming up with anything new!! Everything that I asked about that I thought looked good for us she poo-poo'd. So I finally asked her about Cipriani's and she said the better one for us would be the Downtown location (there are many around NYC) so we asked her to call and book a time between 8:00 and 9:00pm. She said she'd call us to confirm but never did. We approached her later and she said she had booked us in for 7pm - which is way too early for us but we went with it. Got there and it was like a cafe - not at all the 'ambience' I'd described to her that I wanted. So we sat down and ate whilst looking out the window at daylight outside....very disappointed....Anyway, back to the hotel....our room was a corner room so looked NW towards the Hudson River. The room decor was once again 'gray' but modern. Bed was comfortable and the bathroom was nice (although not much bench space). Never got a turn down service which was strange. Unfortunately we heard other guest room doors banging all night which as very noisy and woke us up each time. Oh also the toilets in rooms around us were noisy and we could hear when each one was flushed - all night!! Very disappointed with the Exec Lounge on the 8th floor - too many people for the amount of tables - at one stage people were eating breakfast standing up! No one cleared the tables, staff left a couple of trays in the room so we were expected to clear our own table by dumping our plates and cutlery on these trays before leaving. These trays were not cleared regularly enough so they ended up being piled high with plates that ended up falling onto the floor on one ocassion! I've never seen anything like that in my 30 years of travelling!!  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	3	2	2	

<Author>MarieChicagoArea
<Content>The Westin was okbut a little pricey. My husband and I spent 4 nights in New York at the Westin in Times Square in celebration of our 20th wedding anniversary. The hotel's location was great. There was an abundance of things to do in walking distance. Our view from the 40th floor was good.I thought the hotel was a little pricey. I am not used to paying extra just to use the exercise equipment. The room was a decent size and it had a very contemporary feel which I like. I had very little interaction with the staff but when I did they were pleasant. If I visit New York again I would consider the Westin but would probably investigate other options. The special of 3 nights for the price of 2 was definitley a factor in selecting this hotel.  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>NjBeachluvr
<Content>Couldn't have been better Everything about the Westin was perfect. Arrived early and was able to check in at 10:30 AM.Room was absolutely perfect with a great view. Heavenly bath and bed were great as usual. Location was exactly what I needed. Usually I do not like staying in Times Square Area but needed to for this trip. Now I won't be staying anywhere else!  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cicici
<Content>great location, but service was ok i stayed at Westin because i had to fly out early next morning and the hotel was in good location (right in front of Port Authority).i went to the hotel in the morning just to leave luggage. i went up to front desk and told them i'm not checking in now but just wanna leave luggage, a guy at front desk checked my reservation, confirmed, and told me i should go down to belldesk to leave luggage there. so i did.when i came back to the hotel at 10pm, i was told i already checked in, which i didn't know but ok. my luggage, though, was still in the belldesk and i had to go down to get it myself. i was a bit surprised that the hotel didn't put my luggage in my room.i went out to eat with frineds and came back around 11:30. i wanted to know the transportation option to JFK for next morning so asked a guy at front desk.(concerge was already closed.)he was rude enough telling me he cannot book, recoomend or help me with any airport transportation because no NY hotel do that!!! i tried to ask if he could give me just some info or a phone number of super shuttle, but he said no. he just told me i could take a train or ask for concerge for car-service next morning. luckly nice man at belldesk helped me by calling super shuttle and making reservation for me.(and then next morning i found out there's airport shuttle leaving every 30minutes from Port Authority right across the street!! why can't the front desk guy just told me that!?)the room was clean, not large but ok size, nice view.i'm a SPG gold member so usualy get room upgrade and nice amenities but not at this hotel. their ameinties were quite poor, i had to say. no shower cap, no cotton, no bath salt, no slippers,,, i stayed at four point by sheraton next day and got better amenities!  
<Date>May 25, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	5	2	1	3	

<Author>docsources
<Content>Westin Times Square is a hit! I recently stayed at the Westin Times Square and had a truly memorable experience. The hotel itself was wonderfully appointed with spacious and comfortable rooms. The restaurant and bar were extremely pleasant to visit and the staff were gracious, attentive and knowledgeable. I would highly recommend this hotel to any NY visitor looking for value, quality and a great mid-town location. It is walking distance to all of the many Times Square area attractions....restaurants, theatre, museums and shopping. A really satisfying experience for us overall.  
<Date>May 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NeuroAngiodoc
<Content>Great Location Stayed at the Westin 2 Nights for a business meeting - but included alot of personal fun as well. Absolutely the best location - close to all the shows, Times Square chaos, shopping, etc. ! The Ambassador Meeting rooms were nice, very responsive staff, great food. The staff was extremely helpful and the rooms were quite nice - LOVE the bedding. I have never slept so well. Nice spacious bathrooms, flatscreen tv's. The bar was a great stop every night - extremely courteous staff, polite, helpful with recommendations. Always easy to get a cab from this location and always easy to find somewhere fun to go.  
<Date>May 14, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>minibargrrl
<Content>Gorgeous room with view, great service, nice location       View from our hotel room  
<Date>May 13, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>DrCro
<Content>Great value, Great Location, Highly recommend the Westin Easily accessible from Newark airport. Location is great for the theatre. The value was great for New York. Enjoyed the Schulas restaurant on site. I will definitely book with this hotel again.  
<Date>May 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>VisitorPoole
<Content>Great hotel, superb location Booked with Expedia and upgraded one room to 2 beds as had 2 adult children with us. Were alittle worried as read other reviews where Expedia upgrades were not honoured. Emailed hotel direct a couple of days before visit to confirm rooms and ask for rooms closer together with good views as was special birthday celebration. Got no reply but were pleasently surprised on arrival to get rooms next door with interconnecting door and 33rd floor with fantastic views of Empire State building and Times Square. Everything was superb, beds, bathrooms, toiletries etc, only slight complaint was shortage of milk, sugar for Starbucks coffee. Great selection of places to eat within 2 mins walk of hotel, Starbucks, Pax ( for good breakfast selection)Cold Stone Creamery (icecream ) and Tonys for real authentic italian food. Couldnt better this hotel for price and it was nice to be so close to Times Square but not having to fight crowds. Would revisit or recommend,  
<Date>May 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Larchmoor
<Content>Haven in a hectic place The Westin is located in a block between 42nd and 43rd St on 8th Avenue, about 2 minute walk from Times Square and close to many theatres. The area is pretty lively day and night. I had no sense of any safety concerns. Plenty of people and cops around. The Port Authority Bus Terminal (and subways) are very near, which is handy for subway trips. Reception is up an escalator on the first floor (2nd floor US), wherea sitting area and the usual front desk services are available. Theredid not appear to be and food or drink service available to those seated on chairs or sofas in the reception area.We had booked a King Executive Club, and used the Starwood Best Rate Guarantee to secure the same rate that Expedia was offering ($393, inc taxes), which was a good rate for NYC. I am a Starwood Platinum member, but an upgrade was unavailable at check-in, although we got one a few days later. The Executive Club allows access to a Club on the 8th floor which serves continental breakfast and evening hors d'oeuvres. This is a pleasant extra, although at times the Club was pretty packed for breakfast and the selection of food items suffered accordingly. The Room on the 15th floor was not huge, but pleasantly laid out and clean. It was modernly decorated with a plasma TV and an iMac computer (I am a Mac fan). The view was not great from the window.From the lobby, it was possible to leave the hotel and exit on 43rd St or go through the lobby of a cinema/movie theatre and exit on 42nd St. We mostly used the 42nd St exit. Halfway through our stay we were upgraded to a Junior Suite. on the 30th Floor. This had a much better view over the west side of the city to the Hudson, and although not huge, had a nice sitting area. The rooms are served by 2 blocks of elevators, one serving 2nd floor (reception area) to 23rd, and the other running from the 2nd direct to 23 through 45th. That means if you want to go from a floor above 23 to the Club (on 8), you have to switch elevators. Not ideal, but not a huge deal either. Internet access was available in each room for $14.95 a day. This was pretty fast - no complaints. We did not use the Spa. I had breakfast one morning in Shula's - a la carte selection of hot breakfast including Eggs Benedict, bacon, sausage etc etc. Overall, I would say this hotel is pretty much what you would expect of a Westin. If I were going back to NYC, I would have no problems staying there again.  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>washington_wahine
<Content>Standard Westin, good location We were in NYC on a no-kids long weekend. The pros - location, comfortable beds, relatively quiet on the higher floors, nice views of the city. We thought the TV in the elevators was amusing. Cons - small bathrooms, cosmetic furnishings, mediocre food (but who wants to eat here anyway).It was very convenient to most shows, and a block from Birdland. Quick cab ride to good restaurants in soho or the village (loved Il Mulino), close to subway, and had good service overall. We would consider the Westin again if visiting New York.  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>MySreenName22
<Content>Quiet hotel just off of times square. My girlfriend and I traveled from Seattle to New York to do some christmas shopping. We stayed at the Westin because I stay there for business and its always a realiable experience. This was no exception - exactly what you would expect from a Westin.  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	4	3	5	

<Author>jars4NY
<Content>Great Hotel! Excellent Service This hotel was great! Wonderful staff. Bed was heavenly! Esp. after a long day of walking! We had a spa themed room. Huge massage chair, which was used a great deal. Had a CD player in the room with a very calming CD to play. Love the 2 head shower! Coffee in the room is starbucks, yum! Quick walk to Times Square. Would stay again!Only thing.. I never was able to find the elevator from the Lobby to the check-in floor.??? Asked several times and the guy finally took my suitcase and went down the escalator. Personally, I cannot handle the suitcase on an escalator. If you stay here, go around the corner and eat at John's Pizzaria--- most awesome pizza! Also go to Juniors for cheesecake. Or Roxy's. The best. Bubba Gump has the best shrimp and steaks I ever ate! The Gray Line Hop On Hop Off bus - Not a great idea for fast travel though the city. It's slow, stops a lot and if it's the streets are closed off for any reason (bike marathon, etc.) you will have detour after detour and to find where to get on and off at--- it's moved and not on the map. Kinda got lost several times. Had to ask where the heck the bus was! I'd rather take the subway next time. Cheaper. Only 2 bucks instead of 50 (per person).Love NY!  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ladybugx87
<Content>Loved this hotel- the best I have stayed at in Times Square The Westin in Times Square is a great hotel in the Times Square area.Check in was very smooth. The rooms are spacious and clean. The flat panel TVs are a nice touch. I ordered room service one morning- it came quickly and the delivery man was quite nice. I used the gym and it was great- it was a little crowded but I didn't have to wait for the treadmill- I did take the last one though. I have stayed at many other hotels in the Times Square area and the Westin is definitely the best one. I look forward to staying there again in the future.  
<Date>May 3, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>bjouve
<Content>Good location, but very cold. We stayed 3 nights at the Westin. The location is ideal for tourists.Otherwise, the staff was not friendly. The room was OK. Generally, the place looks very cold and very industrial.  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	2	2	-1	

<Author>sotar
<Content>Incredible       View from room  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>pokerolls
<Content>Absolutely Perfect Stayed here one night back in November. Absolutely loved it. I don't have one complaint. We were able to check-in early. Staff couldn't have been better... The rates are definitely high, but I think worth it. Won't stay anywhere else from now on while in NYC...  
<Date>Apr 29, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tripawayagain
<Content>Wow! Westin New York was to be my accomodation for my first trip to NYC which I won in a competition so I can't comment on value for money.I chose the Westin from a list of others as it looked very modern, clean and comfortable. And it is.Huge entrance/foyer. Friendly business like reception. Rooms are spacious and very comfortable. Westin do this heavenly bed and heavenly bath thing where they pay so much attention to detail over all sorts of little things (see their website). Massive bed and good views across the city.Great location around the corner from Times Square. Good subway links. Has a Starbucks within the hotel which is handy and has starbucks coffee for the percolator in the room.Would definitely go back  
<Date>Apr 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>emeraldxx
<Content>great location, nice hotel What can i say, the location was excellent, right round the corner from 7th ave, time sq. Booked the hotel on a 3 for 2 nights delux rm and then had to book the 4th night separately and that was trad rm but on check in they sorted it so we could stay in the delux rm on the 4th night which was great.The room was nice, nothing wow but still enough space and comfortable. The bed was really comfortable and the shower with the double shower head was the same as a good shower with one showerhead.I would stay here again, the only thing i would say is i found the air very dry in the room so difficult to breathe cos you get a stuffy nose. Would recommend to anyone though.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Tilly99
<Content>Will be forever indebted to housekeeping and security While we were quite pleased with our weekend room at the Westin NY Times Square, it was the excellent personal attention of the housekeeping staff and a security guard who made our stay beautifully memorable. I am long overdue in writing this review. Last Spring, our family stayed at the Westin, where my husband had a weekend conference. In the Sunday morning packing frenzy, our son's favorite stuffed toy, a beloved yellow dog named Puggy, was left behind. At home later that night, our son rummaged through his suitcase, panicked: Puggy was gone. I called the hotel, explained our dilemma, and was transferred to security. A man-- who I'm sure had more important things to do-- took a few minutes to sort through the Lost and Found box. I waited with bated breath. A little yellow dog? he asked. I've got it right here! Puggy was sent the next morning, and arrived on Tuesday in a Fed Ex box, courtesy of the Westin at Times Square. Our son was delighted, and so were we. In what has to be one of the busiest hotels in the world, a few caring people took the time to make all the difference for one small boy and his family. For this, we will always be grateful. Even Puggy is looking forward to our next visit.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>explorerscout
<Content>Best location possible!!!! The Westin was situated about 2 minutes by foot from Times Square. We walked to the Empire State from the hotel and there are shops and amazing restaurants everywhere. We saw 'Spamalot' which was a take from Monty Pythons which was hilarious and again, was so close. The hotel was modern, clean and very welcoming. Although the breakfasts and dinners are a little expensive, there are way better places open everywhere to eat, including the famous 'Juniors' a minutes walk from the hotel, and absolutely delicious Italien food in a restaurant called 'Tony's Di Napoli family style bar and restaurant which is a complete must, very typical new york, exceptionally friendly staff (who are very good singers...especially if it's someones birthday- this place is a must go to.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>egdaw
<Content>Good Central Location, but Large and Impersonal       Club Room  
<Date>Apr 18, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>eastpouce
<Content>What more could anyone possibly want, or need ?? Location, location, location.In the heart of Manhatten - Times Square is Times Sqare, after all = Theatres, Restaurant Row, Subway station at your front door = pulse of New York right outside the front door.We booked our room through New York International Auto Show Website = hint - Javits room tax must equate to area hotels offering reduced rates to support events at this very grand conference locaiton (?) - if you have done this much investigation why not see goto javitscenter.com and see what's up in terms of special conference rates through supporting website?? NYIAS was good - now been there and done that - went for our 25th Anniversary with buds - guys spent one afternoon at show while ladies hit Canal Street.Back to Hotel - rate included excellent continental breakfast complete with starbucks coffee, cappacino/expresso machine, hard boiled eggs, fresh fruit, pastry, juice, etc. etc. We only made one afternoon happy hour with free appys and free pour wine on honour system. Our room was completed with turn down service and chocolates; twin shower head; suite afforded everything anybody could possibly need with window wall and on and on. . . Sure, front desk staff have attitude = it is NYC, afterall. Tip = do not eat in either W restaurants = Blue Fin is little more than a tourist trap and Shula's Steak House is about all that is wrong with New York = pompus, pretentious people who really believe they are something special (not you, their guest) and have that (gag me with a spoon) BIG New York attitude. Without a doubt the most overpriced meal I have ever eaten in a basement. . . stay away!!!!!!!!!If you are thinking of visiting NYC do it NOW. Read in trade magazine that rack rates in Manhatten will be up to $800/night by next September ('08). Stop dreaming - and don't blame the hotel or the City if you have a sour time = NYC is a world class destination that offers whatever it is you want + the people speak english, you can drink the water, and there is (literally) now a cop on every corner of Mahatten (noticable increase vs. our last visit nine years ago).Westin afforded us incredible value - we had an excellent trip!  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nycthing
<Content>Not perfect, but consistently good I must admit, I stay here primarily for the Starwood points and location, although the locaiton is also a negative. My company office is nearby and my choices for Starwood points are Westin, W and Sheraton. Sheraton is a cold impersonal monster (tried it). W Times Square is a wanna be hipster that generally misses more often than hits for the business traveler (tried most of them and only the Union Sq property is worth considering in NY). The Westin is an always solid choice - upscale service, reasonably interesting style (if you like the minimalist look), good restaurant/food choices, important business traveler amenities (business center, room srevice, fitness center, etc.). Location is good for me as it is close to my office - negative as there are days you will curse its location within Times Square.I like this hotel but can't quite love it - somehow there is always something missing. It is impersonal and somewhat cold - worse when there is a big group in house. But there are also a few great employees that help overcome that. I would recommend it but wouldn't overpay for it if you are spending your own money.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	3	5	

<Author>shigson
<Content>Great Location       Bathroom  
<Date>Apr 14, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>TravelinSteph
<Content>So-So Let me start bt saying this was paid for by the company. So, I did not spend my own money for this stay. I am typically a budget traveler, and would likely not have chosen this hotel for my trip. Here's what was great: location, esthetics of lobby, room size good for 2 adults in the city, and the view. Not great: having to pay $15 per computer per day for internet access, the bed was not so heavenly to me, housekeeping did not close my door all the way after cleaning on 2 occasions, so door was unlocked to anyone until I got back, and wonky room thermostat. Other things about the hotel were so-so. Honestly, I am not sure what makes this a four star hotel.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>3	1	3	5	5	3	3	2	

<Author>marytampa
<Content>From bad to worse I've stayed at the Westin several times in the past two years. This hotel used to be one of my favorites in NYC, with wonderfully comfy beds, contemporary design, and a fabulous location.The location is still great. Everything else is heading downhill. During a stay in March, my reservation was messed up and I was put into a handicapped-equipped room with threadbare carpet and a lumpy bed. I thought it was a fluke, so I reserved a room for a trip in April.Big mistake. I arrived late and noticed the carpet looked dirty and did not appear to have been vacuumed. Tired, I went to sleep in the bed, which was as worn as the bed from my previous stay. In the morning, I noticed that the previous guest had left Burger King wrappers, empty bags and cups on the floor near the desk. Obviously, the only cleaning done between guests was to make the bed!!!When I complained at the front desk, I was told, OK, I'll tell housekeeping. That's it. No apology, no nothing.I've learned my lesson and won't go back.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	3	1	3	

<Author>tombond
<Content>Great Room, Great Location       View of the Hotel  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sweetbabiet
<Content>A must stay in NY I stayed at the Westin NY for 2 days on a business trip. I was quite pleased with the entire stay. The hotel was top notch as was the service. The rooms were quite spacious compared to other hotels i've stayed at in NY. My package included champange and strawberries upon arrival and full breakfast for 2 in bed. It was quite luxurious. I was very pleased with the room, amenities, staff, views of NY from my room and every detail of my short stay. I would definitely reccommend and stay again in the future.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>krimar
<Content>The Good, The Bad, and The Ugly The location of this hotel can not be beat if you would like to stay within walking distance of Times Square and the theater district. Request a room on a high floor with a view and you will not be disappointed. The good: the customer service at this hotel is exemplary. The employees are helpful and aim to please. If you have any problems with your stay and talk to the employees about the problem in a calm manner, they will be very happy to please you. We stayed here during the Easter holiday weekend, and the bad is things were not perfect. We arrived well ahead of check-in time, and as the hotel was sold out the night prior to our arrival, rooms were not ready. We completed our early check in, dropped our bags with the bell-hop, and proceeded to site see in the city. Mistake #1: we assumed that a call back to check on the status of our rooms was not necessary, although they will give you a card with information to do so. I suggest you do make the call. When we arrived back to the hotel at 4:00PM (an hour after the official check-in time and six hours after we completed the early check-in process), one of the rooms in our party was not ready. They sent the family we were traveling with to the room after the computer showed it was clean. When the family arrived, it was not clean. The hotel quickly relocated the family to a suite. This particular suite was in a different part of the building. While the room had no view, it did have a very nice computer and access to a free continental breakfast and happy hour in a separate lounge area. The bathroom was larger, but the rest of the room did not seem any bigger than the room we had. The hotel also deducted 100.00 from the price of the room for the trouble the family went through with the room not being ready by check-in time. We had three problems of our own: they misplaced a bag, which they quickly found; the outlets stopped working after my daughter and I both used hairdryers at the same time (which was fixed within ten minutes); and the water was tepid on the day we checked out (they explained there was some problem they were working on that affected some rooms that day.) When I checked out and was asked, How was your stay? I informed the clerk of the three problems we encountered. The clerk for our room also made a nice deduction from our tab for the inconveninces we experienced. Both rooms were also provided coupons for numerous free drinks at one of the hotels two restaurants (including Shula's.)  The hotel itself reminded me of the Delano in Miami--two story high curtains; large white candles in glass containers the shapes of congos; a very modern feel to it--very nice in taste and decor. And again, the location was fantastic. Times Square and the theaters, are all within walking distance, as is Rockefeller Center for those whose stamina will allow them a fifteen to twenty minute walk. The subway, of course, is nearby as well. No ugly really exists for this hotel. The staff is extremely accomdating, so if you experience any problems, they will quickly remedy them. The location can't be beat. I am confident if you have a problem and calmly explain it to a front desk employee, they will do everything in their power to help you.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>DavidFahr
<Content>Way overpriced - Would not go back The experience started out good enough. A bellman was at the street and took our bags to storage until our room was ready. The bellman as a whole were very friendly.When we checked in, they had messed up our reservations. Probably happens a lot, however I made the reservations with the hotel directly over the phone 3 months earlier, then called to confirm 3 days before arrival. We had booked 4 adults and upgraded the package to include breakfast for all 4 of us. When we arrived, the rate was correct that included the upgrade....however we did not receive the breakfast. The lady basically said...to bad for you. The manager had the same attitued. I expected much more from a 4-star hotel charging $500/night.That put a damper on the hotel experience the entire time. The location is OK, but not in Time Square as the name suggest.O'well, live and learn....just take my advice and stay somewhere that will appreciate the business.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>998
<Content>The Westin NYC is AWFUL I had planned a surprise trip to New York for my wife to celebrate our 10th Wedding Anniversary. I chose the Westin because it was a 5 Star Hotel and close to the centre of Manhattan on the corner of 43rd and 8th. I emailed the reservations department online and it took then 8 days for them to respond to a booking request. In the meantime as I needed to book the flights, I decided to ring their reservations team. They were rude and arrogant. Finally decided to just book online as they guaurantee their best rate online. The Hotel claims to be a contemporary Icon in the centre of Manhattan - its more like prisoner cell block H. The club rooms and suites are arranged around a central atrium on levels reminiscent of a 1960s high rise tower block -its badly lit and rather depressing.I asked for champagne and flowers to be delivered to the room for our arrival. When we got there, there was no sign of the flowers or champagne. The room was also filthy dirty - there was a large stain on the carpet, there was makeup on the bed sheets, two pubic hairs in the bed linen, and a pubic hair in the bath. The tiled walls in the bathroom had never been cleaned and were badly soiled. The whole room was frankly just unpleasant.We complained bitterly and asked to be moved (by this time my wife was close to tears). Unfortunately the hotel claimed to be full and refused to move us. They did arrange for a complimentary bottle of champagne to be delivered to the room, which arrived 5 hours later (after having chased reception twice for its whereabouts) and a cleaner finally showed up and cleaned our room. The replacement bedsheets were also dirty, so she had to go and get some more which took another hour. By this time I was ringing around other 5* NYC Hotels - unfortunately they were all full as it was the weekend of Elton Johns Birthday Concert in Madison Square Garden. In the end we just decided to stay make do and try not to get stressed, about the inadequacies of the place. The following morning we got up, and we enquired at reception where breakfast was served and we were directed by them to Shulas Restaurant. They neglected to tell us that guests staying on B  B in the execvutive suites had access to a private lounge where complimentary breakfast was also served. Shulas charged us $40 for a coffee, a tea, two orange juices and 4 slices of toast and Jam. only realised this when we came to check out. I needed to access to the internet and a printer, and so was directed by the Hotel to the business centre, which was a poky little room, with 3 pcs in it hooked up to a broken printer. On the last night of our stay at this god awful place, we were given notice that the water was to be turned off from 9.00pm until 5.00am for maintenance. I also noticed the doorman taking back handers off the cabbies, which as I understand it in New York is illegal. We stayed for 3 nights and had to pay $2000US for the privelege of staying in this awful awful hotel. New York is a fantastic city and well worth a visit - just dont stay here at the Westin - they ruined our anniversary trip.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	1	

<Author>Mike_the_traveller
<Content>A little above average The Westin Time Square hotel is above average in my opinion the comparable hotels in NYC (which doesn't really say much really). I was booked in a delux corner room on a high floor overlooking the city and waters. Although the room was large and the bathroom also large and clean, the decors a bit disappointing. The bathroom sink was all metal, giving you the feel you were using the restroom at a subway station or bus station. But the bathroom was indeed very clearn and spotless. The bathroom amenties were poor -- regular Westin products.The bed was comfortable and the television was a flat screen 40 inch. the location is great if you're here for tourism, but a bit dull if you're a native New Yorker and want a more neighborhood feel. There were no night time turn down service while I was there (7 days), no night time chocolate mints and no free bottles of water or fruit. I paid about $440 per night... very steep considering what you get.Laudary service was expensive.. $5 per shirt and ordering in room breakfast was about $18 - $25 per person. The few times I called down for questions through the front desk or conceirge, they were rather rude and unpleasant.Overrall you get a large room in a great location. the neighborhood is safe and close to many subway stops. It is literally 2 blocks aways from the heart of Time Square.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	2	1	

<Author>trustee1
<Content>Great Location for an Anniversary We stayed at the Westin for our 25th Anniversary. The staff was great, the room was large and comfortable. The location is great for getting anywhere you want to go.We willl be staying there again and would recommend it to anyone that wants a great hotel to stay at.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Sunstarmoon
<Content>Wished for more I recently stayed at the Westin for a weekend in NYC. I chose the hotel based on it's prime location in Times Square and was excited by the jazzy website and the fact that it had been renovated recently. The double room was expensive - one night cost more than $400 and the valet for the car was close to $50. When I spend that much money at a hotel I want to feel special, I want to feel like I'm in a special place and it just didn't do it for me.The room wasn't bad, but there was no clock. Kind of random, of all the things to do away with why the clock? The heavenly bed was nice but the towels and bathrobe were somewhat frayed. The special heavenly towel was frayed and the belt loop on the bathrobe was coming off. If I'm staying in a hotel room with two beds shouldn't there be two bathrobes in the room? Just an idea... The bathroom was quite dusty; when I dried my hair lots of dust was flying around the room. Also a few random purple marker stains were on the bedspread. Not a deal breaker, but it's the little things that I notice.No turn down service that I'm aware of. Again, it's the little touches that I expect to see when I pay that much money.All in all the hotel is nice, but I guess I just expected something a bit more personal.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>UK_Drew
<Content>Nice Stay, no problems. I stayed in New York over the St Patrickéˆ¥æªš Day weekend and my three nights in the Westin went entirely as expected. The real test of a hotel in how they deal with any problems you might encounter, so I will leave that aspect to other reviewers whose stay may not have gone as smoothly.Briefly then, I had a corner room on the 27th floor, facing northeast which was pretty small - don't expect a Vegas sized room in midtown Manhattan. However, It was spotless, well equipped and the bed soft and extremely comfortable.I spent one evening in the hotel bar where the barman Sal, a typical no-nonsense New Yorker was helpful and informative. They took 7 dollars for a domestic beer and 11 for a malt whisky. If you donéˆ¥æª› like those prices then Smiths Bar is diagonally across the street from the hotel and its 4 dollars for a large draught beer. Also check the hotel web site for specials - I got three nights for the price of two. That left a few extra bucks for spending and the midtown area is not that cheap.Finally, Spamalot in the Shubert Theatre is only one block from the hotel and is excellent. I would also recommend Top of the Rock and the NBC studios tour - Enjoy your trip!!  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Mabell2
<Content>Excellent Hotel - Great Trip to NYC We just got back from 4 nights at the Westin Times Square. We LOVED this hotel. From the minute we got out of the cab we had wonderful customer service. However, I did have a little problem booking the hotel. I work for the government and I was trying to book a government rate. They had the government rate available but I could not book it for 4 consecutive nights. I was told the only way to do this was to book 3 separate reservations. I have no idea why, but I had to make 3 separate reservations and the hotel linked them all together and guaranteed me I would not have to change rooms. The only problem this caused was 3 times our room key stopped working because the computer showed the reservation had expired so we had to go downstairs and get a new key. This was a minor technicality and was totally forgotten because of the great service and wonderful hotel.The rate I got was for a traditional room, so upon check-in I asked if there were any upgrades available and they gave us a deluxe corner room on the 26th floor at no extra charge. The rooms were very nicely appointed and was larger than we expected in NYC. We booked a king room and asked for a rollaway bed for our daughter. I was expecting the rollaway to be your basic uncomfortable éˆ¥æ¸ƒot typeéˆ¥?of bed, but to our surprise they brought in a regular éˆ¥æ·—eavenlyéˆ¥?twin size bed that was on a platform with wheels on it. My daughter loved the bed as it was the same quality as the king size bed that we had (which was wonderful). We rearranged the furniture a little and the bed fit in perfect. Besides the snowstorm that started the night we got there, we had a fantastic trip. We saw 3 shows, Jersey Boys (Fantastic), Chorus Line (Pretty good) and Hairspray (really great). We ate at the Carnegie Deli, and the food was really good. We also ate at Becco on 46th Street between 8th and 9th Ave, which I highly recommend and we also went to Little Italy , China Town and the Village. What ever you do DONéˆ¥æ©³ go to T.G. I. Fridayéˆ¥æªš on Times Square. The prices were OUTRAGOUS! We went in for a quick bite and to get out of the cold. My daughter ordered Chicken Fingers that were $16.99. A Hamburger was also $17.00. This was the only éˆ¥æ·©ip Offéˆ¥?we encountered. Every other restaurant we went to, although a little pricey, was well worth it. The weather was really cold but the magic of NYC made up for it all.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>deantavalores
<Content>Brilliant Just arrived back from 5 nights at the Westin and I can't recommend it highly enough.From it's location to the friendly staff,gorgeous rooms(we had a corner room on the 21st floor with views of the Hudson River and Times square)everything was perfect and I would definitely stay there again in the future...  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tracy&Sam
<Content>Highly Recommended We have just returned from a four night stay at the Westin and we were both very impressed. We contacted the hotel before arrival via email to state that we were celebrating our wedding anniversary and were contacted within a day or two to say that a corner room had been reserved. Our room was on the 37th floor and what a fabulous view. The lifts were on the floor within seconds - mind the ears! Huge room with plently of storage, hairdryer, great tv, coffee maker and last but not least the fantastic comfortable bed, we slept like babies.I've read other reviews which did worry us before we went but most of them are from fussy nit pickers! I would definately return here again. Location is great, just off Times Square so not too noisy. Breakfast is recommended down one block on 9th Ave turn right, fabulous diner with great priced breakfast. There are lots of well priced bars and restaurants on 9th Ave and the streets surrounding, as if you go back into Times Square area you will pay lots more. Walking towards Times Square along 8th is a lovely Pizza Diner with a Stone Oven which was worth a visit, not just for the great food but a lovely place to warm up on a winters day.Hop-on Hop-off Bus tours highly recommended. So is a walk around Grand Central Station - unbelieveable. Don't worry about the other negative reviews for this hotel, we have been to many high class hotels over the world and this was very nice. Locals told us that the rooms were the biggest in Manhattan and in the best location. Happy holidays.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>WorldEventPlanner
<Content>Bland venue with terrible customer service Location is, basically, the only thing this hotel can claim as asset. Customer service, however, at the very bottom of the list... The so called heavenly baths are ridiculously small and worn down (not to add that the ceiling in the bathroom was chipped all over!). Incorrect amenities (two lotions instead of shampoo and lotion)... Heating in the room did not work properly. Bottom line: too expensive for too lousy of a product.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>poppysgirl
<Content>Westin was EXCELLENT! I planned a NYC Mom's Shopping Weekend with my best gal friend and had a wonderful visit at the Westin Time Square! I am a Starwood Member, therefore stayed on the Club Floor and rec'd the free breakfast each morning, free appetizers and beverages at night and snacks during the day. Saved us so much money and saved us from overeating as well!Location is great, Time Square 1 block away, and directly across from the start of all the Broadway Shows. Even on a blustery cold weekend in February, easy to get around walking. Subway directly across the street, easy to use.Westin staff was very accomodating...battery in hotel portable phone in our room wasn't working, called down, sent someone up in 2 minutes! So friendly, so helpful with the maps. Room was decorated nicely, but a little worn out. Part of the baseboard was missing, scratches in wallpaper. Could use some new features, although it is stylish. Heavenly beds make up for it though! Only other complaint, bathroom very funky and done in silver, there is zero counter room for cosmetics, toiletries. Oh well!Had such a great time, I'm bringing my 11 year old daughter, 12 year old niece and sister-in-law for a summer visit...can't wait!  
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Warby40
<Content>If you're doing New York, then this is the place to stay!       Room with a view!!  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>isacc
<Content>great location great location for theater 43 and 8th..spamalot at the shubert one block up saw jewtopia off broadway show 1 ave away great for early am bagel run times sq bagels 1 block up and 1/2 ave over...fresh from the oven...next to westin is a french take out europan (?spelling ) for coffee pastries, fruit cup, juices etc so convenientnow for hotel great elevators dedicated ones for upper floorsnever had to wait...carpet bit worn and stained in room..bed great clean sheets and covers though why the maid throws the round decorative pillow on the nice clean pillow cases and sheets?....built in safe free...mini bar dont use it 5bucks a can of soda run to europan for anything you need ..ben and jerrys across the street, strar bucks nearby..tv great a wide table top..great...bathroom small and weird double head shower and round modern sink,,,not much counter space they had a special 3 nites for two so i guess that brought the price down to new york reasonable but if i paid 400 for all three nites would have been disappointed with the lack of elegance couple of tidbits when u come up the escalator to the main lobby they had tiny bottles of water free and some pears..there is a well equipped newspaper /gift store tucked back on main lobby almost missed it. now the most important part doorman, security, front desk, bell hops. all nice and friendly we had a great stay..  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LOOLI
<Content>top notch hotel and great base for a tourist jaunt to the Big Apple!!! We booked our trip to NYC last year through Expedia. When we arrived, although we had booked a standard room, when I mentioned it was my boyfriend's birthday , we were upgraded to a wonderful room with immaculate facilities, a fabulous bed and a really breathtaking view of the New York skyline. The hotel staff were curteous and prompt - special mention to the ladies that checked us in and out; they were lovely. The room itself was realy well appointed - firm mattress which really is as heavenly as the hotel claims, loads of clean fresh towels and soft comfortble bed linen. The maasive LCD TV was cool too. The bathroom was very modern and stylish but if you love long hot baths be prepared for low shallow tubs - obviously the showers are the big thing here as there are not one but two shower heads!!! The room was very spacious and amazingly quiet considering the hotel's location. Security is also good particularly on a night as you have to prove you are staying at the hotel to be let in which is quite re-assuring.Location wise, we found the hotel could not be faulted. Everything is on your doorstep or a short metro / walk / bus away. We were there for four nights and managed to pack loads in and the hotel was a great place to come back to.If you want a modern, stylish well located but peaceful hotel then I would recommend the Westin Times Square. It was a great place to stay for the trip of a lifetime.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RdTripMom
<Content>OK But Not Spectacular The Westin is a decent hotel, clean and well-situated. But it is not a dazzling hotel and for the price, I expected more. The color scheme and lighting result in a dark lobby -- it has the feel of the Loew's in Philly which is a renovated office building. The rooms are on the small side although the views are nice and the beds are comfy. There isn't a taxi stand so you need to get one on the street if the doorman is busy. The room service was good: very prompt service (35 minutes, as promised), reasonable prices ($20 entrees) and the food was hot and tasted good. When we return to NYC, though, we'll go back to the Hyatt at Grand Central -- it has more zip.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>sarach
<Content>Absolutely Amazing Stayed here for three nights from 2nd March. On arrival staff were v welcoming and helpful. I was upgraded to a corner room as it was my birthday which was great. the views were out of this world, I also had a view of the hudson river from my bathroom!The room was large clean and above all very comfortable. The bed was heavenly as trademarked and the best sleep Ive had in ages. The flat screen TV had a variety of good channels. There was a coffee maker with starbucks coffee to brew. The bathroom was v well appointed with a fantasctic double shower head although bath size did not allow you to lie down properly(but then no ny hotels do!).Didnt have any room service so cannot comment. Daily maid service v good. Never had to wait for a lift.For breakfast walk a block in any direction to find a diner. I thoroughly recommend Ellens Stradust Diner on 51st and broadway with singing waitress staff even early in the morning! Having been to NY 3 times in as many years no other hotel has compared to this one. Overall fantastic would recommend to anyone and would definetely go back.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sbenjamen
<Content>Good Hotel Great Location I favor the Westin Times Square for any NYC visit that includes the theatre. It is in a perfect location, not on times square directly, central to the theatre and steps from the subway for downtown/uptown. It is one block from port authority and one subway stop away from Penn Station. The desk staff are great. Very engaging and aim to please. The door people have never been very attentive. And you are on your own trying to get a cab. The real drawback is housekeeping and upkeep of the rooms. For this visit, the bathroom towels were frayed around the edges, there were many visible spill marks on the carpet, one of the shades/drapes would not close all the way and the bedskirt was not covering the bed. Sounds picky, but the Westin Times Square in an expensive hotel! All of these are housekeeping/upkeep problems that should be taken care of (I mentioned them on the way out.)If you want to use the spa for massage, facial, etc. book before you get there. I always try to use there services, but have never been able to get an appointment.Avoid room service. It's overly expensive and there are cute cafe's right down 43rd Street heading to 9th Ave and on 9th Ave.Check the room before you unpack and don't hesitate to ask for a different room. I've done this on other occassions.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	2	5	-1	-1	

<Author>jimmyjoy
<Content>Great hotel for the Times Square. We arrived at the Westin New York on the 22/03/07 and stayed for 4 days. It was the first time I had ever been to America, I had heard so much about New York and did not really know what to expect. We paid extra for a higher floor, well worth it. We were on the 44th floor and the views were fabulous. The Hotel position is just one block from Times Square, for my first time in New York this was ideal. The staff were all very pleasant.Word of warning we did one morning eat in the restaurant for breakfast, only go if you are willing to pay æ‹¢40 for 2, other places are alot more value for money and more 'american'.If one minus, we felt the bedrooms were cold and could have been a little warmer but that could have been due to us being in a very cold spell, but hey could possibly have been a little higher in degrees.All in all could not really fault it, the bedrooms were big and clean, the beds very comfortable, and clean towels and bedding every day.We went on the the red open top buses and booked prior before our visit, but we were there in a really cold spell, so I would advice booking the blue buses, for they are covered also aswell as open topped.Too much queing at the Empire State, but you have to say you have been up it, instead if you do not wish tho queue for so long, (said it would be 20 to 30 mins, instead it took us 1 hour) go to the Rock, get just a good view, fantastic going up in the lift, and can take picures of the Empire State and Liberty together.Also go on a helicopter ride, well worth it, a ride of a lifetime, something I will always remenber.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TTIG
<Content>Average hotel We stayed at the hotel from Feb 23 through the 25th. The hotel has a great location. The rooms are a decent size. Our room was upgraded which had a view of the roof and the back wall of the hotel sign. I am wondering what the room would have been like if we didn't get upgraded? The hotel is nothing special for the room rate but its new york so you're paying for the location . I wasn't a fan of the bathroom, it had a stainless steel sink and a sliding door which I didn't like. that being said I wasn't in new york to be in the hotel I was there to see new york. When I go back to I think I am going to try a different hotel. The restuarant in the hotel was amazing. Expensive but worth it.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>MiLoveToTravel
<Content>I won't stay here again! This was my first trip to NYC. This was a 4 star hotel in Time Square. We booked a package thru Expedia for our family of 4 and booked a double deluxe room with 2 double beds. Upon arriving at the hotel my first impression was this hotel has NO glitz and Glamour and is Very basic looking. Not my idea of the way a 4 star hotel should appear. I expected more especially in a city like NY. We attmepted to check in at 2:15 and was told our room was not ready until after 3:00. Fair enough, afterall that is the check in time. So we left and took a walk, got some lunch and came back around 4:30. We were then told that the only room they had available was a King and that they would bring in 2 rollaways. Well I am sorry but we are paying for HEAVENLY BEDS, and our children are teens not small children. I found this unnaceptable but were basically told we had no choice and that they would move us the next day to a double deluxe on the top floor with a fantastic view. They would take care of moving us between 12-3 and we could go on about our day and when we got back in the evening they would give us our keys to the new room. We were also told that because we booked thru Expedia we were not guaranteed a room type only that we would get a room. That is not what my Expedia reservation said. It said we were confirmed for 2 double beds in a double deluxe room. We returned to the hotel at 5:00 pm after a long day of sight seeing to get ready for our broadway show at 6:30. We went to the front desk to get our new keys only to be told the room was not ready, they had not moved us and that housekeeping was behind schedule. My husband raised a stink because we needed to get ready for the show etc and didn't have time to wait another hour for the room. After a long wait while the clerk was in the backroom talking to management (I assume) we were told they were upgrading us to a small suite on the 28th floor. O.k., well we gave up the fabulous view as promised for a suite. We went up to our new room only to discover once again, it was one King bed with a ridiculously uncomfortable sofa bed. The floor would have been more comfortable then this sofa bed. So once again, we called down and had them bring up 2 rollaways for the kids. So much for heavenly beds, not to mention that our whole stay we were crammed in to these small rooms with rollaways blocking our floor space. To wrap it up I can say that I would not recommend this hotel. There are other hotels in Time Square that I would chose if this is the area you want to stay in. After 2 bad experiences in a row with Westin, we will not stay with this hotel chain again. If you like Westin, check out the W nearby. That hotel was more impressive then the Westin. I expected A Lot more!  
<Date>Mar 1, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	3	5	1	2	-1	

<Author>gra500360
<Content>Not great for romantic break I spent ages looking for a special hotel to celebrate our 30th Anniversary. It was also our first time to New York so we didnt have any knowledge of the area. We went at a very expensive time of year and so our expectations were probably high. On arriving at the Westin we were dissappointed that it really is predominantly a business hotel although the reviews we had read were really good. The room we had been appointed was nothing special, no bath although it did have very good views from the 38th floor. The following day I spoke to a lady at reception saying how disappointed we were that it was not a little more special for our anniversary and she said she would see if she could do anything although it was unlikely as they were so busy. Upon returning she had kindly managed to find us a corner room which is much better because you have more windows and the rooms are generally a lot bigger. The room was better and we had a bath and amazing views from the windows but it is definitely not really the sort of hotel for a romantic break. There are several other small chic hotels that we visited that I wish I'd have booked in hindsight which are very trendy and a lot more personable and no dearer. These are the 'W' hotels if I'm allowed to say it. But overall we had a great time and tried to make the best of it. We didnt use the hotel facilities at all, choosing to eat out. We had a wonderful cruise along the Hudson River at night and also a lovely meal at River Cafe just the other side of Brooklyn Bridge which was very special. Also the Boathouse restaurant in Central Park was pretty magical too. We did a food tour with Foods of New York around Greenwich Village which was really a great way to spend a few hours and was a highlight of our visit. It takes a while to know where you're going with all the shops, some are incredibly expensive but we really liked Maceys, huge with some really good deals.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	3	3	-1	-1	

<Author>HotelCleve
<Content>Good all rounder Stayed here for four nights between 22nd and 26th Feb for first trip to NYC. Excellent location especially for first timers like ourselves as it is convenient for trips to all parts of Manhatten and beyond.Check in was easy although booking, which was made through Expedia, was down as Traditional Double when we'd booked a Deluxe 2 Double. After getting a manager to assist a room on the 40th floor was found.Room itself was of a good size and standard. The decor was perhaps a little too grey but that would be picky. Very comfotable beds. Wonderful view of the New York skyline and over to the river. Bathroom was fine with good quality towels and the much noted double headed shower which certainly helps blow the cobwebs away of a morning.I would agree with previous reviewers about the noise problem at this hotel. You get noise from the adjacent rooms, hallways and the lift. Not that awful but a surprise for such a new hotel of a high end brand.We also went to the Westway Diner on 9th Ave which we found to be very welcoming, good food and good prices. Virgils BBQ, W44th St, was an experience in large portions of succulent ribs. For any one looking for a bit of entertainment the piano bar Don't Tell Mama, W 46th St, comes highly recommended.Now we have a feel for the city we may book another hotel in a different area (Greenwich Village) if we come again. Overall this hotel was a good all rounder, good room, good location and good staff.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pippaengland37
<Content>Excellent Place To Stay, Could not Fault It At All Just got back from a 3 night break in New York as a treat for my husbands birthday. It was fab. We had a room on the top floor, with fantastic views. The bed was massive and the most comfortable we ve ever slept in, and the room was spotlessy cleaned every day,even the linen was changed every day.There was every amenity you could think of...hairdryer, 2 flat screen full-size tv s , with movies and games. coffee making, mini bar (be careful, as we only opened the door and got charged 8 dollars !) luxury toiletries, bathrobe, and lots of fluffy towels.The restaurant Chevvys (downstairs) was great,reasonably priced, and portion size so huge that we shared a main course . Schulas, we tried it as a treat for my hubbys birthday, but otherwise we wouldn t have gone there, as it is very very expensive. The food and service was great, but cheapest bottle of wine was æ‹¢30 (english pounds), and we found that it was full of business men and women paying on expenses. Nothing wrong with that, but it spoiled the romantic  ambience a little , when there was a group next to us, bragging how much they were charging their company, and talking business. It s a great place if you can afford it, for us, it was an expensive treat !Back to the hotel itself, reception staff terrific , they cant do enough for you, porters and concierge very helpful too. The location of the hotel is brilliant, central to Times Square, very safe area, well lit up at night, and has a huge cinema complex next door.The reception area was bustling, but very welcoming , lots of lifts so we never had to wait for one.We would definately recommend it, and most definately return if we ever had the chance.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>starrynights
<Content>Loved the Westin My daughter and I decided to go to NY 17th-21st Feb and after researching via TA I chose Westin Times Square. This was a very good choice as it was very central for the things we wanted. It is not on Times Square but only 1 block down which really is a better option than being right in middle. The hotel is very impressive and once up the escalator from the lobby to large airy reception/lounge area we were warmly greeted and upgraded to Deluxe Corner King room on 34th Floor. I had contacted hotel direct to see what rates they could offer and was given a Promo. rate of 3 nights for price of 2 and then an extra night at normal rate. Turns out that 1st two nights were reduced anyway therefore got very good deal and then to be upgraded on arrival we were well pleased. Asked for a recommendation for breakfast diner on 1st morning and was directed to The Westways Diner which was down the street 1 block, turn right and about 100 yds. This was our regular stopoff and for full brekky inc. juice, tea,toast for 2 of us - $11.25! Another good recommendation for us pre-theatre was an Italian called Becco on West 46 Street. We went to see Chicago - brilliant. I booked this via [----] before leaving  got very good seats. Also pre booked NY Airport shuttle bus which was very convenient for Westin as it stops at Port Authority just around corner - it only cost $54 for 2 of us return! - nothing posh but a lot cheaper than a taxi. Also pre booked NY City Sightseeing Tours  as it was Feb. got 2 days promo. rate of $77 for all tours rolled into 1. e.g. Uptown, Downtown, Ferry to Ellis Island, 2 hr. River Cruise, Ticket to top of Rock or Empire State etc.etc.- Excellent. As you see i did my homework and in this case was well worth it.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JayCeeUK
<Content>Good location, good service but average room, Good location, just off Times Square, although about as far west as one would want to be.Room was reasonable (well-equippped), however sound-proofing was NOT good, we were disturbed by noise / people on either side and also in the hallway. Westin's 'Heavenly Bed' was very comfortable however their 'Heavenly Bath' was just an ordinary bath - certainly nothing special.Were on the 11th floor, which had no views at all - go higher up if you want to look out on the city (probably above 23rd floor).Service was good and hotel / room very clean and tidy.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	3	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>aoneill87
<Content>Stylish and Modern       Room view from 14th floor  
<Date>Feb 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mlizBoston
<Content>Family Weekend in NYC Our family of six stayed here for a long weekend in November. It was in just the right location with it's easy access to Times Square. Teenagers (15 and 16) felt like they were in the most exciting place on earth. The 10 and 11 year old agreed. Therefore, that made it work for the parents.Our 6- persons situation requires two rooms which we booked with Starwood points and upgraded to the club level. We booked two rooms each with 2 doubles on the Club floor. One of the rooms had a couch and a couple of chairs plus large windows. The rooms did not connect but we felt safe with the setup.Before we got there I thought this was one of the hotels right in Times Square. It is not, but it is 1 block off which was just fine with us. We were there to see shows on Broadway and to visit with family on the upper west side. Theatre's are nearby and for restaurants we enjoyed Tony's DeNapoli on W. 43rd between 6th/7th. Also, Angus McIndoe on W. 44th between 8th/Broadway. Both very good quality and family-friendly.It's an enormous hotel but it worked really well for our family. We weren't there to spend a lot of time in the hotel room but we were seeking a high quality hotel in a central location. We walked or took taxis everywhere. The service was fine but we had pretty low expectations because we knew it was a huge hotel. We would definitely return with our family and stay again on the Club floor to take advantage of the muffins, coffee/tea/juice, fruit in the morning and snacks and desserts at other times.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>TannadiceTerrors
<Content>Great for a New York week We have just returned from a 6 night stay at the Westin in Times Square and were impressed with the overall standard of this hotel. You really can't fault the location, it's just so easy to get everywhere - especially at night if you are going to any shows on Broadway.We upgraded to a club room as we planned to use the gym, internet access in the club lounge and included breakfast. Having read reviews here I thought it was going to be a waste of money as everyone said that the Club Lounge wasn't any good for breakfast and early evenings. I totally disagree. The breakfast wasn't as good as in other hotels but it was adequate and was enough to set you up for the day. You have 2 kinds of fresh juice, tea/coffee, oatmeal, cereals, fruits (including 3 kinds of melon), cold meats, cheese, pastries, muffins and toast. The lounge has good views so you can watch the world also. Only downside was that it was never very warm unless you were sitting away from the windows and then you didn't have the view! Overall the staff in the hotel were very helpful and we had a nice spacious room for all of our shopping bags. The so-called heavenly bed is also great. Very comfortable.When we are lucky enough to go back to NY we will definitely book back into this hotel.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HJCF
<Content>great hotel The best things about this hotel are the location, the view and the rooms! All are perfect. We didn't eat in the hotel, but had a cheap and cheerful breakfast in a diner a few doors down. The rooms were well equipped and quiet, and the views from the 39th floor really good. The service was very good. The best thing is the location, walking distance to everywhere.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>lfresa
<Content>Favorite Hotel This is the only hotel we will stay in when we go to the city. The staff is very polite . Love the room if you can get a corner room they are the best. Shower and flat screen tv are a plus. Eat at Paxfoods down the street on 42nd for a cheap breakfast and snack. For the money and the location this cannot be beat! Living in Connecticut it is hard sometimes to justify staying when you live to close. But the Westin is worth it!!  
<Date>Feb 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>herculepoirot
<Content>Cold. Sterile. Depressing. In the heart of Times Square one will find a sterile hotel with the worst (flourescent) lighting of any guest room I've seen. At least four different kinds of bulbs and fixtures-which produce the worst imaginable kind of light in your room. I really got depressed staying there.AVOID the business center at all costs. They will charge you for breathing. Great service at front desk. Nice maids as well. Good location.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>laceygabriella
<Content>Amazing Hotel and great value. I booked this hotel after looking at HUNDREDS after reading the reviews on this site. I think the best way to judge a hotel is by finding out what others think rather than if the hotel has a glitzy website or a great deal. I cannot write all the great points about the hotel because eveything was amazing. I have stayed in hotels all over the world and this is defianlty one of the best. The staff, the concierge service, the room and most of all the heavenly bed and shower were all second to none. I would reccomend this hotel to anyone. My best piece of advice would be to hold out and check the website weekly for a great deal, we paid just $209 a night for an executive room on the 32 floor with amazing views and every detail you could ever want. Highly reccomended.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JulieGlaurelMD
<Content>dated decor but otherwise superb            
<Date>Jan 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Hawaii_Girl
<Content>INSIDER TIP: "Don't pay extra for the Club Lounge!" We're SPG Platinum so the club lounge is free, but for anyone paying the extra money for a Club Room is going to be sorely disappointed! Here's what made us laugh:The lounge charges $5 for wine or beer, which is only available from 6-8pm. The cabernet was a thumbs down, but an inexpensive lesson considering it's $21 for the small bottle of cabernet from the mini-bar. Be careful: they use the automatic sensor system so if you pick it up, you get charged! I'm sure the hotel removes charges for items that weren't actually consumed, so be sure to review your bill before paying.Another first during breakfast - boiled eggs in ice water! We've been to several countries and hundreds of hotels in the US but this made me say, Huh?!? I don't get it..... - the eggs are peeled, which is a nice gesture, but why ice water? Why not warm water? Lastly, my dad complained there wasn't any fruit but, alas there was! I jokingly pointed to the baskets of green apples. I guess we've just been spoiled by the Westin Shanghai or the Sheraton Frankfurt where there's a variety of freshly cut fruit, free drinks all day, a large spread of hot and cold foods (not Nutri-Grain bars or bags of potato chips) and bacon, potatoes and made-to-order eggs in the morning.This is a wonderful hotel, but I would hate to see anyone waste their money on a Club Room (which by the way are on the 8th floor, low enough to hear the sirens and honking, so if you're a light sleeper, then this is definitely not for you!). PS - broadband internet in the room is $14.95 + tax for 24 hours. The hotel says the wireless internet access is no longer free in the lobby but I've noticed you can still get online, though it's a little iffy.... for example it would work on a certain page, but when I would click on a link, it would reroute to the Westin login page. A little frustrating, but if you just need to check emails, you might want to try the lobby first before accepting the daily rate charge.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cinncitraveler
<Content>Less Than Expected at the Price A nice hotel at a great location, but for the money you can do much better in midtown. For this money I would expect better service, a larger room, a nicer interior (plain, boring lobby), and a view (window tucked back in the corner). Even the bed didn't live up to the hype. If I had paid half of what I paid, I would have been very satisified, but for this class of hotel you should expect and get more. I did like the location - walking distance to Penn Station, Madison Square, Times Square, Convention Center, etc.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Salpabs
<Content>Fabulous! We stayed here for 4 nights and loved every moment. We were lucky enough to get an upgrade so had the benefit of a high room with superb views.The location of the hotel was excellent and the staff very helpful.Would recommend this hotel to couples who like to be close to all the shops, bars and restaurants.Try out the revolving restaurant 'The View' in the Marriott Marquis, Times Square, fab views and the foods good too!  
<Date>Jan 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>momcat1959
<Content>Great Short Stay at the Westin Times Square       Westin Times Square Rm 4429 View 2  
<Date>Jan 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>fllw_fan
<Content>Nice, but some issues as well       room 3101: beds  
<Date>Jan 25, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RachelinSoCAL
<Content>Very disappointed As a frequent traveler, I was quite shocked at the condition of this hotel. My first room was filthy. Hair all over the shower and tub and the floor was a mess. The hairdryer was taped together with electrical tape!! This was NOT a standard room either. I was booked to the Executive club. I will be returning to NYC soon, but will not stay at this hotel. It is a great location, but I dreaded returning to my room each night. It was simply sub-par, and quite expensive for what you get.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	4	1	1	3	3	

<Author>SophieJinx
<Content>Our Favorite Place in the Big Expensive City! We live about two hours outside New York and every once in a while an early business meeting will inspire us to stay overnight. We've tried some other places (like the W Lexington Avenue) but have really come to consider the Westin our home hotel.Whether NY small (like London small!) or splurge-worthy corners (our last room, fabulous) the rooms are well appointed, sleek and contemporary without being...over the top...and cozy. The bedding is superb. Our last trip -- last week -- my husband booked a corner room on a high floor (it was about $475, a bit of a splurge) but we loved it! The room had a foyer, and then wrap around windows; the main part of the room was outfitted with flat screen, desk, benches, nice bathroom....One caveat: we've eaten at the hotel's restaurant -- Don Shula's -- a few times. It's a typical steakhouse (where your sides are separate) and the food is excellent but the prices are a bit breathtaking, particularly for wine. We couldn't find a bottle under $44 (and that one was out of stock) -- and few were under $70. I realize it's NY and it's an expense account restaurant but still....Service was also totally chaotic (and it wasn't even busy yet) though we did appreciate the gesture, by the maitre'd (she was a woman, not sure what you call her); she'd overheard us say we were celebrating our anniversary and arranged for us to be surprised with a lovely chocolate dessert. What a nice touch! Made up for the early roughness of service.The bar at the Westin is fun -- quite a scene -- and you can order snack food there. We might try that next time. And of course, a whole range of restaurants are nearby. The lobby has free wireless (it's kinda' pricey in the rooms).We asked for a late checkout and the hotel was quite accommodating. All in all -- excellent experience.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>xichic
<Content>Perfect Location -- wonderful stay at the Westin          view of the empire state building at night from our room  
<Date>Jan 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Cool_Momma
<Content>Wonderful hotel in heart of Times Square Location, location, location! What a wonderful hotel in the heart of Times Square. The beds were luxurious and the spalike bathroom was a true pleasure. After playing all night, it was a wonderful retreat to sleep in. The standard room was a little smaller than I like but well decorated and well maintained. It is located one block from times square and within walking distance of many shows. You can catch the subway around the corner to virtually anywhere you need to go. The staff were pleasant and accomodating. The onsite restaurant is very upscale but there are great pizzerias around the corner and many choices in times square. For a girls retreat to the Big Apple, we couldn't have chosen a better hotel!  
<Date>Jan 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Danpurvis
<Content>Awesome Hotel! This hotel is pure luxury, situated in the busy tourist hub of the city. The hotel and it's rooms are modern and decorated in a stylish contemporary fashion. The rooms have every fascility you could possibly want including a cool flat-screen T.V.! The bar is stylish and welcoming and the staff exceptionally helpful. The Restaurant (Shula's) is fantastic (although on the pricey side) the steaks are to die for! The hotel, while oozing style and class, doesn't leave you feeling out of place like some other stuffy posh hotels. The subway is a minutes walk away and connects you to the whole of New York. There is a Cinema and a Mexican restaurant actually housed in the hotels building!! I can't sing the Westin's praises high enough! It is absolutely worth spending a bit more and staying here! The higher the floor you are on - the better. Amazing views of Times square with no noise?  
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JohnJB
<Content>Don't believe the publicity... If you read about this hotel on the Starwood website or any others for that matter, you will see their PR makes a great deal about the stunning architecture, interior and terrific location of this hotel.Firstly you would need to be a contortionist to appreciate the architecture of this hotel as it is shoehorned into a tacky side street a block away from Times Square from which the only sign that a hotel is on the site is the apologetic entrance at street level. From that entrance (20 yards from which you will se the delights of drunks sleeping on the sidewalk) you need to take an escalator to the lobby which is rather grey and unwelcoming. The rooms are fairly small but clean and bathrooms adequate. Views from the 40th floor are trumpeted as stunning but, as high as we were, I was unable to see anything of interest save for rooftops of adjacent hotels/office blocks.Also - don't get carried away by the concept of having a 'club room'. The 'club' facilities were housed in a smallish room on the 8th floor where an inadequate breakfast and sparse evening canapes are served. Waste of money!As regards location, Times Square is local to most NY tourist attractions but don't spoil your vacation by staying there - it is very very unpleasant during the daytime and slightly threatening after dark. There are hundreds of hotels in NY that don't suffer the disadvantages of the Westin - book one of those instead.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	1	3	3	3	2	

<Author>Lambdachi6
<Content>Not The Best But Very Adequate If you want the best Starwood Property in NYC, stay at the St. Regis or possible the W Times Square. I found the Westin to be just fine: larger than average rooms for NYC, nice bathrooms, good club lounge, very good fitness room, great location, friendly staff even in the hectic day leading up to New Year's Eve.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Grenouillesansleau
<Content>Loved the Westin, hated Times Square We got lucky with a priceline bid for the Westin Times Square for a 3-day visit between Christmas and New Year's Eve. (It took over a week's worth of bidding before we succeeded on our bid.)I know New York fairly well (I used to live there) and Times Square is my least favourite area (especially at this time of year) because it is so crowded and tacky. But the hotel itself was lovely. I was impressed that there was no discrimination on check-in against priceline bookings - we got a corner King room on a relatively high floor. The room and bath were very comfortable and well-designed. Unlike my last stay in a Westin (in Madrid), the bed at the Westin Times Square lived up to its heavenly name, which was a good thing, because I caught a cold on the second day of our visit and spent rather more time than I planned to in bed.Much as I loved the hotel, I wouldn't stay here again if I had the choice. It was too much of a hassle getting into and out of the hotel. The bus from the airport took 30 minutes to travel crosstown from Park Avenue to the Port Authority. Each trip into or out of the hotel involved a battle against massive crowds, which discouraged me from going anywhere. I realise the crowds would be at their peak at this time of year, but I expect that the problem exists to a lesser extent throughout the year.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	2	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>J&AEngland
<Content>Would highly recommend this hotel - made Christmas even more special We stayed at the Westin from 23rd Dec to 28th Dec and the whole experience was superb. The staff are very friendly and eager to help. The hotel itself is well designed with a nice bar for a few late night drinks. The rooms have excellent beds and showers plus a decent flat screen TV. In addition they are spacious (we were on the 28th Floor with a great view). The location is also a benefit with good links to tube lines travelling north and south (however most things are in walking distance).I would personally recommend this hotel as an excellent hotel for your first, second or tenth trip to NYC. It was an Unforgetable Christmas!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>wwtravelr
<Content>Sad if this is the best Starwood can do in NYC I am a 25 year veteran of Starwood's best hotels around the world - in the US, Asia and Europe - we are big fans, and I am sadly disappointed with this effort in NYC.We stayed in the Westin Times Square in early December 2006 with moderate expectations based on reviews from this site. And to be fair, nothing was terribly wrong - it's just that nothing was terribly right either. Overall I would say that the service and physical plant of the hotel was highly disappointing.Let me start with the sole positive from our stay: We had luggage wrapped in plastic from our return flight from South Africa. A very courteous gentleman from the maintenance staff saw us coming down the hall and offered to cut open the plastic. When we offered him a tip, he graciously refused, saying it was his pleasure to help us.Starting with check in: we were greeted by a young man at the Preferred Checkin counter who couldn't muster a smile or eye contact. His manner was somewhere between indifferent and curt. We truly felt we were imposing on him when asking if we might check in. And at the time of our check in the lobby was empty - no lines, not busy, no excuse for this kind of attitude. This sort of set the tone for the whole stay.We were in a Club Room, which I would not recommend in this case (although we almost always prefer club floors at Westins around the world). Although the room came equipped with a nice new Mac computer, we would frankly rather have had that investment go into updating the tired carpet and walls or part of the dingy bathroom. Or include (as almost every other premium hotel does on their version of club floors) free access to the internet. I will say the bed was fine - clean sheets, firm, etc. But the industry is at a point now where this alone doesn't get you a whole lot of extra credit points.The Club Lounge itself was tired, and the staff there seemed even more tired than the room, and almost studiedly unhelpful when we asked questions or for assistance. We got the distinct feeling that if we dropped dead in front of them they wouldn't stop reading their magazines, as this would be 'not my job'. They were clearly not the cream of the crop which, again, you sort of expect in Club Lounges.A list of further small gripes, just in case someone from Starwood/Westin reads these reviews:The coffee table in our club room was terrible - peeling black paint on a cheap table which looked at least a dozen years old.The bathroom sink was a dented tin-can effect. Not chic-art, just old, cheap and dented.Throughout our stay the 'Service Express' line couldn't answer a single question for us, and really didn't seem interested in finding anyone who could. After disconnecting me three times when transferring to the Concierge, I had to forcefully insist that the Service Express operator stay on the line until he had connected me with a real person who could answer my question.The walls in the hotel are thin. Really thin. Several times we could clearly overhear conversations from our neighbor, and they seemed to be talking at a normal (not loud) volume.Local phone calls are charged at $2.50. Okay, so some places still do this, but with the falling cost of calls and when you are in a Club Room you don't expect this kind of highway robbery.There were no slippers, not even the inexpensive $0.50 ones you find in mid-range hotels. And our query to find out if we could get some was given a rude response from the Service Express operator.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	1	1	2	

<Author>turns2mall
<Content>Had A Great time!!!!! Found a great price on the Westin site and stayed for 4 nights Dec 25-29. 229.00 a night. Room was very nice and comfortable, plenty of room for the 4 of us. Found staff to be very helpful. They were kind enough to hold our bags for 6 hours after check out as we had a late flight home. We did not eat in the hotel restaurant so I can not comment on that but the hotel bar did look very nice. If you want good Italian at a good price go to Tony Di Napolies located at 43 and 6th ave huge portions you will be very happy you did. This is my 4th trip to New York and I would stay at the Westin again!  
<Date>Dec 31, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>KTC-NewEngland(CT)
<Content>Good, but not amazing. We chose the Westin Times Square specifically based on the good reviews here at Trip Advisor. We stayed for 2 nights in a Club level room (1424) which was a larger corner room. It does not have amazing views being relatively low on the 14th floor. As for city noises, it was quiet enough. We heard sirens every now and then but not regular traffic noise. The Club lounge (on 8th floor) is not extraordinary.......it offers a continental breakfast (only warm item was oatmeal) and then an evening hors d'oeuvres offering, which was much better. Free teas, coffees and soft drinks are available all day long. The location of the hotel is excellent........it really is in the thick of it, and maybe even too much for our tastes. Times Square was crazy crowded even just to cross through to get to other midtown locations. There are lots of dining choices, movie theatres and subway stations just out the hotel doors. We normally would stay at the Rihga but it is now The London and not family friendly any longer. We had 2 kids and this room had plenty of roll-around floor space for them. Each window had a window seat for looking out and they liked that. There is also one club chair and one desk chair. We ordered dinner room service and used the beds for seating purposes.Hotel parking = $45 per day......the steepest we have ever paid in NYC.My only real complaint is that the bathroom door is glass and anytime someone turned on the light during the night or early morning, the room was lit up as a result. I called for a night light but there were none. A night light would easily fix the problem. The double roller blinds do an excellent job of making the room dark.Enjoy your stay.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dnjoyce
<Content>great location If you are looking for a classy hotel right in the middle of everything then this could well be the place for you. We stayed there for 2 nights in mid December and found ourselves walking distance form all the major attractions, including Broadway theatres, MSG and fifth ave shopping. Look around for some good deals (we paid $504 for 2 nights) and you won't be disappointed. Rooms were spacious and service very friendly.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Potari
<Content>Loved the Westin Stayed at the Westin Dec 18 for 6 nights for business/leisure travel on our first trip to New York. Couldn't of picked a better hotel. Very convenient location, friendly staff, and of course heavenly bed. Stayed in corner room on 39th floor with view of time square, Empire State Building, and Hudson River. Room was very spacious, comfortable  quiet. Also enjoyed drinks  appetizers at Bar 10. Pom martini was wonderful! Would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Dec 27, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>jjax
<Content>Very nice stay at the Westin We spent one night at the Westin after seeing a show in the city and wanting to be able to go to a nice dinner out and not worry about driving home. We were pleasantly surprised at how peaceful our stay was during this busy holiday season. Upon arrival we pulled right up to the curb and handed our keys over to the doorman - very quick and simple. Check in was also easy, without any wait at all, and we headed up to our room - a corner room on the 19th floor. The room was spacious - much more so than I expected, especially since we had only booked a standard king size room, rather than paying extra for a higher category room. The heavenly bed was very comfortable, the heavenly shower was enjoyable and the decor was sleek and modern but still maintained a welcoming warmth. The one thing we really noticed during our albeit brief stay was how incredibly quiet the hotel was. Not once did we hear a peep either from the outside or the inside of the hotel - very peaceful - just what we were looking for. The only complaint I have is that there was no do not disturb sign to place on the doorknob, so I turned the inside latch to privacy but someone still attempted to enter (I'm assuming it was housekeeping) while I was in the shower in the morning.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>40YO
<Content>Wonderful place to stay while in New York! My stay at The Westin Time Square was extremely satisfying and helped make my first trip to NY enjoyable. The lobby is impeccably polished and tastefully decorated; the staff -professional, knowledgeable, friendly and they aim to please. I couldn't have asked for a better hotel room...everything from the large bathroom and the flat screen tv to the Heavenly Bed was absolutely perfect. The location of the hotel is convenient and is in the middle of everything! I will definitely stay at The Westin Time Square again.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GU1
<Content>Perfect We stayed at this hotel form Dec 8th-11th after having cancelled the W New York after seeing the bad reviews. We were worried it might be a bit too big and not as trendy but we found it to be excellent. Exactly what we needed. We had a corner room on the 42nd floor with great views over the city which really made the stay for us to wake up to that every day. Room was large and modern - lots of windows (even in bathroom!) - great shower. We did not spend much time in the hotel and ate out for breakfast each day so not too much to comment on the staff (apart from check in which was very quick - just us, but we nearly did not get the corner room we had requested online until a manager happened to walk by and say there had been a cancellation and we could have it). Had good drinks and snack in Bar 10. Great Location - walked everywhere - not too noisy or busy.Ideal for first time visit.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>clay304399
<Content>What A Great Hotel       The bedroom  
<Date>Dec 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>atisi
<Content>Heavenly Bed on My Mind All I can say is that bed is truly heavenly! We stayed for only one night and I wish I had stayed longer. The bed was amazing, so amazing that I am going to buy the whole thing for my house this year. Whoa, it's layer after layer of fluff and gorgeousness! The double headed shower provided a fabulous shower. I can't say much about the rest of the hotel because our stay was over before I could blink my eyes. Check-in was great and the hotel is huge and gorgeous. I can only dream of another night in that Heavenly Bed...  
<Date>Dec 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>NotesForYou
<Content>My 4th Time Here I absolutely LOVE this hotel! Three friends and I spend five nights at the Westin every year the week after Thanksgiving. A nice girls' shopping trip! I have never had one problem in the four years that I have gone there. The staff is always friendly and courteous. Concierge is always so helpful--giving advice about restaurants and which subway train to take. My three friends think they are in hog heaven when they go with me to the Westin. One of my friends says that I have spoiled her by taking her to the Westin Times Square. This place really knows how to treat you! One day on this year's trip, we accidentally left the Do Not Disturb sign on the door all day long! We came back to the room at 6 pm to find it in the same condition we had left it. We called the front desk just to ask for some clean towels. They sent housekeeping in immediately to completely clean our rooms. It was our fault that we left the sign on the door! But they are always so accomodating! I promise you that you won't be disappointed with this hotel---at least I never have. I love it so much that I'm taking my husband, two college-age kids, and two of their friends back after Christmas. I know they will love this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>seagal_30
<Content>Such a cool place Great hotel, very modern. The room was very comfortable with a great shower (dual shower heads!! loved it). Wonderful view from the 27th floor and totally silent at night. The noise from the elevator was a bit annoying at first (we were right next to the elevator).  
<Date>Dec 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>justgo
<Content>right in the middle of it all Stayed at the westin in october and it was just what we wanted .It was smack bang in the middle of it all we love it .We was a little worried because we had just got married in vegas and stayed at the bellagio so we were thinking that our hotel would not be as nice but we had nothing to worry aboutthe bell men were very kind and nicethe rooms very very clean and cosy would go back to new york and stay there again  
<Date>Dec 4, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>reisejunky
<Content>Good hotel in Times Square       view detail from 34th floor  
<Date>Nov 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>yachtinteract
<Content>Great Hotel and Service Stayed here for the NY Marathon.Arrived and had a room on the 42nd Floor on the corner looking out towards the West Side and Empire State. We had requested Empire State and Time Square. Hotel was full but offered to move us in the morning no questioned asked.When we came back on the 2nd day our bags had been moved to a room on the 40th floor looking out over Time Square and Empire State (have found they call this a 29 view [rooms as xxxx29], useful to know when booking). Great view looking out over Time Square, 42nd Street and down to Empire state. As it is a corner rooms you get lots of Windows to look out at the view.Room was clean and well looked after. I love the heavenly beds that Starwood have.Ordered room service a couple of times and for a hotel was not bad value.Only complaint I would have is that on two occasions I tried to get the batteries replaced in the TV remote and never did despite being told someone would come and do it.This was my second stay and would stay again.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>screennamesaresilly
<Content>Convenient, but expensive Overall, I'd say that I'd stay here again. It is expensive, but that's New York.The property is very, very conveniently located, and I was thankful for this! The room we stayed in was on a high floor (although we used reward points), and was clean and well-appointed. Service was good, and we enjoyed the property.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>flossy_h
<Content>Excellent service at the Westin Stayed at the Westin 20-24th Nov over Thanksgiving and the service was excellent, starting from check in we had orginally a king size bed and the guy changed it to 2 doubles, our room was on the 26th floor and was spotlessly clean. The tv was massive and the beds were definatly heavenly after a long day in NYC.My mum had gotten sick so asked advice from the reception and they sent complimentary a chicken broth and over the stay they just was brillant from getting a doctor to providing advice hospitals and late check out.Hotel was really central to subway and could walk to majority of places. Would definatly stay here again next time.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dedsy
<Content>Great family stay We stayed at Westin Times Square for 4 days in November.Our party of 4 included 2 young children (a 3 year old and a 1 year old). First impressions were very good (once we found our way in to the hotel and lobby with the stroller - the hotel has revolving doors and the disabled entrance and lift (elevator) to the lobby weren't very clearly signposted)We had requested 2 double beds which we got and also they upgraded us to the 42nd floor where the views were stunning.They also provided a crib and suggested a fridge once they saw the kids. Also little welcome bags for the kids were given. These have been well thought through (one included a rubber duck, plasters, socket covers and a nightlight).The room was a good size and had an armchair and a big LCD TV. Nice double headed shower as well. Minibar is one of those sensor ones - so be careful!We ate breakfast in the restaurant (Shula's) 3 times out of the 4 days. The service was mostly excellent with one employee in particular looking after the kids i.e. cereal and toast arrived instantly.All in all a great base to see New York from as it is so central (we walked everywhere - even down to Battery Park) and the New Yorkers were (surprisingly) very child friendly.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>cazzielou
<Content>Fantastic Hotel Great Hotel , Very Clean and Great location. it is smack bang in the middle of everything so you can get to anywhere in Manhattan easily. the rooms are amazing and the beds really are heavenly.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kenny2005
<Content>Shopping heaven We arrived on the 19th Oct for a three night stay and some retail therapy as my wife calls shopping.This is one hotel that could not be faulted in any way . Location excellent .Staff went out there way to help at every oppurtunity. The hotel and rooms could only be described as being spotless. We had our youngest son with us and the reception staff knowing this got us a room as high up as they could. A major plus for a teenager having his first bite of the big apple.Shulas restaurant which is part of the hotel serves what can only be described as monster proportions of excellent food so be carefull when ordering. Overall a very enjoyable stay in New York and i will stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Chgo_biz_trvler
<Content>Very nice I debated giving this hotel five stars, but settled for four. It's a very upscale business hotel located just off of Times Square (on 8th Ave. at 43nd St.). The service and rooms aren't quite up to 4 Seasons, but for the price and location, it's quite nice. Modern, well-furnished rooms, with widescreen LCD TVs. The bedside nightstand clock radio was actually an Ipod docking station. A very nice concierge lounge with free wireless. (Also free wireless in the lobby, but in the rooms, VPN-compatible internet access is $18 per day!). I did not ever eat in the hotel restaurant so cannot comment. The workout room is very well-furnished too. Bathrooms are kind of small, but hey -- it's New York. All rooms are small. There's a huge Starbucks on the back (42nd St.) side of the hotel, which is accessible without going outside.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Xlady
<Content>Great stay at the Westin TS       View from room 1608  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>TVTravel
<Content>Best Times Square Hotel I've stayed in at least ten different hotels in the Times Square area, and the Westin clearly sets the gold standard. Since my wife was traveling with me for a 3 day weekender in the city, I wanted to stay at a nice property and the Westin didn't disappoint. We reserved a non-smoking king with a request for a view room. When we opened the door we experienced a panoramic view of the Hell's Kitchen neighborhood and the Hudson River extending from the George Washington Bridge to Madison Square Garden. The location is excellent, a block away from Times Square taxi horns, with a subway station in the same black.Our room was bigger than most NYC hotel rooms. It was smartly decorated and spotlessly clean. Like all Westins, it featured the aptly named heavenly bed.The second floor lobby bar is a great place to sip a martini and watch the parade of pedestrians flowing down 8th Avenue.If I had to complain about something, it would be the cable TV news blaring inside the elevators. This unwanted noise seemed totally out of place in an otherwise tranquil refuge from the bustling city. I'll also file my usual complaint against large hotel chains that rip you off for $20 or more a day for high-speed internet access. The budget hotels all offer this for free, so why is it justified for high-priced hotels to gouge you for this service?Nonetheless, this hotel is in my favorites file and I'll be back.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>Kymmberly
<Content>Go For It! For 3 nights, 3 of us lodged. The WESTIN provided us with an overall good experience. Concierge is GREAT! They were essential for directions to your destinations. They will print out a map or write directions down for you, whether walking or via taxi. Upon arrival, I made dinner reservations via concierge and days later when dining, we were all offered a glass of exquisite wine--complements of the hotel. The surprise gesture was impressive. I recommend the hotel based upon the following:1) Close to Times Square and theaters. Depending on where you're going, it may be a 10-15 minute walk. Be warned....only bring comfortable shoes to NYC. Find a way to be cute in tennis shoes! 2) Spacious guest rooms, especially for NYC. Three-four persons could fit comfortably. The bathroom could have used extra housekeeping attention. The sliding bathroom door was difficult to close and had some form of residue on the frosted glass section. There was unsightly chaulking around the tub. Additionally, there were three obvious black scuf marks on the wallpaper near the TV--don't know how the housekeeping missed this!3) Great bed linens made for well-rested nights. It's one of the best hotel beds I've experienced.4) The hotel restaurant is over priced. For less money, across the street are: McDonalds, KFC, Subway, PizzaHut, BenJerry's Ice Cream and plenty of pizza joints.5) In regards to the room rates, they are competitive with other renowned hotel chains in NYC i.e., the Marriot Marquis, Doubletree, Hilton, etc. It all depends on your desired comfort level and safety concern. Just remember the saying, What you pay is what you get!6)If you ask the hotel for the phone# to SUPERSHUTTLE airport transportation service, they can arrange pick-up from hotel to all airports for $15 p.p. I called the morning of my departure.7)For the spa-goers: BLISS 49 (located in the W Hotel) was much needed after three days of walking all over NYC! I was in a trance for the rest of the day after a 75min massage ($125) and a basic pedicure ($55). All BLISS spas start your massage off with a parafin foot treatment/massage--wow! Heated tables are warmed to your specification! While getting a pedi, you're able to view your own flat panel tv or switch to soothing music. The relaxation room was plush in decor and featured scrumptious brownies, cheese/crackers, cookies  teas. But here's the catch, the room wasn't very relaxing because the therapists would come in and out of the room every 10 minutes to call the name of their next client! Jane? Melissa?, Karen?,----YIKES! I felt cheated because I asked twice prior to making reservations if they had a quiet room. I guess I will now be more specific in the future!  
<Date>Oct 22, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>CFNOBIS
<Content>Great hotel, Great location!! We stayed at this hotel twice. Before and after a cruise on the eastern coast. I am a Starwood Prefered Guest and used points, so the room did not cost me anything.We only stayed one night before boarding our cruise ship. We arrived at the hotel at around 5:00pm and were given a roon quickly. We were placed on the 29th floor. Excellant view in a spacious room. The only thing we did not like was the sink. It is a stainless steel sink which doesn't provide much room for your toiletries. However, they do provide a shelf to put things on. The flat screen tv's, heavenly bed and shower were the rooms biggest assests. We did eat breakfast at Sula's the next morning, it is located inside the hotel. Very expensive, but you do get a lot of food. I would suggest splitting a meal or go somewhere else. There are several other resturaunts close by that are much cheaper.After our cruise we returned for a three night stay. This time we were given an upgrade to a 43rd fl corner view room. However, since we arrived early (9:30 am) from the ship, the room was not ready. We left our bags with the bellman and decided to go for a walk. However, it was raining. No problem! The hotel offered us use of their umbrellas without even asking. Now that's great service!When we returned about 1:30 our room was ready. What a fantastic room and view. We did not want to leave. This hotel is in a perfect location. A block from Times Square. A short walk and you are in the middle of everything. Actually the sidewalks are packed, but that's what Times Square is all about, right?Within the hotel is Chevy's mexican food. Very reasonably priced and good food. There are also theaters in the hotel. We did go to Shula's (famous for their steaks) for dinner. The prices are outrageous! It was about $150 for the two of us and that only included one glass of wine, but did include a couple of sides and desert. The sides are huge and should be shared. The desert was fantastic. Just watch out for the prices.The hotel's location is key. Right across from the port authority and next to the subway. We took the subway down to battery park to catch the ferry to the Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island. If you want to go into the base of the statue, go early as the tickets sell out by 9:00. We then walked to ground zero, to take a moment. We returned to the subway and made our way home. Oh, I forgot to mention John's pizza. It is world famous and right around the corner from the hotel. It is so good we ate there twice. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone. If I ever return, I will be staying there again!  
<Date>Oct 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MrsKruse
<Content>A lovely stay in the center of it all! My husband  I spent a great three day weekend at the Westin New York. We stopped by the hotel on Saturday morning to check our bag until we could check in, and the lady who helped us kindly upgraded us to a room on the top floor with a great view of the river and let us check in to our room at the early hour of 10 am. She was the first of the great service we received; they have everything you'd ever forget at home. We were so impressed by the decor, cleanliness and size of the room. The king-sized Heavenly bed was perfect after a long day of sightseeing, and the Heavenly bath is luxurious as well (great bath products!). Elevators work out very well, with four dedicated to the upper floors, running express for about 20 floors. The TVs in the elevators were a neat touch. Don't worry about getting a good night's sleep in this hotel! Between the blackout shades and the great soundproofing, we didn't really hear a peep from the craziness of Times Square, nor the elevator even though we were adjacent to the elevator shaft. We loved the location - close enough to Times Square, but you can leave the hotel and not feel like you're going to get run over by the crowds. The subway is within two blocks, as well as the Port Authority Bus Terminal. We didn't spend too much time in Times Square, but it's definitely convenient for getting around. We walked most of the big sites in midtown without feeling exhausted. Just make sure to wear your walking shoes!I'm not for sure if we'd pay full price, but our Priceline rate of $150 a night was a STEAL! You can't get much of anything that isn't seedy for less than that, so I thought it was a smart splurge. Enjoy your trip to the Westin. I'll upload pictures of our room once I get the camera out.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Seat24A
<Content>Expensive, but in the middle of it all I stayed here for 3 nights while attending a tradeshow at the Javits Conventions center. The rooms are fairly large with very modern and stylish decorations. Itéˆ¥æªš very expensive (over $350 per night), but also within walking distance to the convention center, Broadway theaters and some excellent restaurants éˆ¥?try Esca if you can get a reservation. I probably wouldnéˆ¥æª› walk here alone at night even though there are cops everywhere, but there are plenty of cabs. The bar served good drinks and appetizers and seemed to be a popular meeting place for guests before venturing out into the city.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>smirbach
<Content>there are better hotels out there Our family stayed at this property from Sept 20-25...check in was simple and quick....we paid 489.00US per night instead of 429.00US for an upgraded room with a view of times square...please dont do this...it is not a view...you see nothing...you are simply facing in that direction...after reading other reviews people are getting the room with a city view for nothing...they are simply asking for the room upgrade when they arrive and this is fine just DONT dish out more money for thisthe first night we had showers and noticed that there was no blow dryer in the room as there should have been according to the ammenities list....we also needed an extra blanket..we called housekeeping and asked for these items to be sent up....when it came to be after midnight we gave up and went to bed....our air conditioner also did not work and bathroom setup with no counter space is very difficult when there are 3 female trying to do hair and makeup....we had to use back of toilet for the curling iron etc...as our 2nd trip to NY we would NOT stay here again...there are so many more better options....the city however is still GREAT!!!  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	3	2	4	4	-1	

<Author>Trinivaltraveler
<Content>Very nice but expensive This hotel has a great location, the main entrance in on 43rd steet, take a right and walk for 1 minute and you are in the heart of Times Square. If you take the exit through the cinema complex you exit on to 42nd street, between 7th and 8th avenue.The excellent location gives you easy access to a million restuarants, tourist attractions and shopping. My room was on the 31st floor overlooking 42nd street and yes a very amazing view --- all the way to the Hudson and beyond.The hotel lobby is located on the first floor away from the busy street and check in was easy and quick. There is a separate desk for tours, theatre tickets etc. Hotel rooms includes a flat screen TV and my room was huge and luxurious. The bathroom finishings are modern and and classy.All this, no wonder the rates are expensive. I saw the Shula's but didn't eat there due to the numerous options outside. If you have a car they will valet park it for you for $45 a day. It takes about 30 minutes to retreive the car, but they warn you about that before.I will be returning very soon!!  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>vroomvroom
<Content>I loved the bed, the view, and the location I got a great deal for a Saturday stay from hotwire.com. This hotel was more than I expected. The bed lived up to it's reputation and the location couldn't be better. The lobby was very relaxing and the service was outstanding. Many other top hotels in this area are very overcrowded and outdated. No wonder there are so many people that continue to come back to this hotel...I would in a heart beat!  
<Date>Sep 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>travelngal23
<Content>It made for a Great Experience! My sister and I visited NYC for the 1st time on Labor day weekend and enjoyed all 4 nights at the Westin. Having looked at many of the hotels in the Times Sqaure ares, we chose the Westin, not just for it's location, but because of it's fresh, stylish and modern rooms. Their hotels always have great locations and for this trip having been our first time there, Times Square was definitely in the midst of everything and made for a good time! The hotel location is literally 1 block off of 7th Ave and within walking distance of everything. We walked around and saw a lot of seathy low budget hotels in the times square area so we were really happy to have chosen the Westin.Come time for check out they just slip your checkout bill under the door and then thats it, you're free to head out and not have to worry about waiting in a checkout line. The beds were large and comfortable, our room had an awesome view of downtown and the bathrooms were large and the shower had double shower heads, which was really cool. The rooms looked identical to the W hotel rooms but the bathrooms were more modern. I recommend this place it was very stylish and a posh location!!  
<Date>Sep 21, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>Hawaii_traveler200
<Content>Loved the Westin The Westin Times Square can't be beat for a great location. It's just off the main street in Times Square so you're really close to the action and still able to walk there without crowds. Everything we wanted to see was within walking distance (Empire State Building, Grand Central Terminal, Fifth Avenue shops, even Central Park). The bellman were friendly and helpful. The front desk staff was great, even letting us check-in when we arrived really early. The room was fine -- yes, the bathrooms are stainless steel and modern, but who chooses a hotel for the bathrooms? We loved it and will return the next time we're in New York.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Mckendroid
<Content>Good Times Roll at The Westin       Room  
<Date>Sep 15, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>TimothyBecker
<Content>Hevenly beds but sadly not everything else so heavenly The pictures from this web site looked promising and a client told me that the beds would be great. All seemed promising. Well the Westin has some nice touches and if you are not planning to hang around the hotel for long it is just the ticket. Personally I dont much care for post modern Eastern block decour and the Westin has it a plenty. Was not impressed to be told on arrival at 1am, after a very delayed flight from Florida, that the hotel was overbooked. As luck had it we were put in a 3 bed room with scaled down heavenly beds. This stopped the constant bickering between my 2 sons (12 and 10 years) as to who crushed who in the night. The room had a great view of the Hudson. My sons thought that the heated loo seat with water douches just the best. The rooms are indeed a good size and though rather too much black and chrome for my taste i dont suppose one can grumble about the rooms particulary if one is not going to stay in them for long. Things went a little down hill outside the room. DO NOT eat breakfast in the Shula restaurant. It is outrageously overpriced,it is pokey and the service a disgrace. The front of house staff are a mixed bag. The tour and theatre desk is manned by somebody not up to speed. I challenged him to the fact there were 2 helicopter companies running tours. He said only one. I checked with conceierge who confirmed 2 and supplied me with the necessary brochure! The conceirge desk was manned by the best and the worst. I spent an hour on a Sunday evening ringing and ringing the conceirge desk. In desperation i went down to the lobby to be told he was on break. When i did get hold of him he had no original thought and supplied me with a plethora of internet print outs on restaurants. Not good. To make matters worse the hotel did not exchange stirling travellers cheques and nobody seemed to know where the Amex branch was. The Westin certainly has many good points. The porters were helpful as was the manager(his presence was insisted upon by the day time conceirge) when i told him about my experiences with the hotel. It is very well situated to Broadway theatreland and Times Square. 5th Avenue was not far away and it certainly served my purpose for a long weekend at the end of a 2 week holiday in Florida in which to introduce my sons to the delights of Manhatten. The Westin cannot be described as a romantic hotel. If you are planning to come to New York for some romantic sex in the City then the Westin is not the place to come.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>I_loved_the_beach
<Content>Great hotel, Great location cannot wait to go back to New York City We went to New York City for four nights at the begining of August 2006.I looked at lot on this site for hotel reviews and when it was time to reserve a lot of the hotels were already full. We picked the Westin Time Square New York because it was well located and it is right, you are right into Time Square, ten minutes to Empire State Building, ten minutes to Rockfeller Plaza, shopping on fifht avenue minutes away, Broaway shows all around the hotel.Hotel is nice and the location is secure. The room was big enough for the four of us. No noise from outside. The beds are very comfortable. We love New York and we cannot wait to go back. I would definitely recommand this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>LEHF
<Content>Heavenly Beds - Oh Yes! I booked the hotel directly through their website and got a fab 3 nights for the price of 2 deal! I have to say, it was a fantastic offer and we immediately upgraded to a deluxe corner city view room due to the great rates. It was well worth it! We got a room on the 32nd floor and had amazing views with windows all round us being a corner room. We could even see the Statue of Liberty from our room - cool! The room was a great size, lovely and clean. Most importantly the heavenly beds, were indeed heavenly. Just the ticket after a long day walking and sightseeing. A great nights sleep. The bathroom was also fab and also very clean. There was lots of tourist info available being a first time visitor to NY. I would definitely come to NY again and would highly recommend a stay in the Westin. We had drinks in the bar every night and the prices were average for a hotel bar - not overly expensive. The music was great as was the staff and service - very friendly. It was a great place to relax after a long day of shopping!! The hotel is really central, 1 block away from Times Sq, everything was within easy walking distance. We got a bus from Newark airport to the Port Authority bus terminal which was right round the corner from the hotel. Ideal not having been to NY before.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>poe.tuesday
<Content>Loved it, great possition, wonderful views We stayed here after having a two week holiday in Mexico, we are a couple with two children aged 6 and 8. We have never been to America before and it has been a dream of mine to go to New York since I was a child and the hotel could not have been better. The reception check in was friendly and fast, the lifts up to the 41st floor were fast and earpoppingThe room was large enough with 2 double heavenly beds with all the usual aminities associated with a 4 star tourist and business hotel, the bathroom and storage space is fine with a large entrance area which is great for dummping all your shoppingThe view was amazing, I have never been so high in a building before, I could look at that view for ever, especailly at nightIt is situated very well for everything, we walked everywhere and when it rained just hopped into taxis.The staff at the hotel were always very polite and helpful, the room was spotlessly clean, the heavenly bathroom was ok, the showers are great but the bath was a shallow short little affair, not big enough for a long soak but ok. the heavenly bed was not my cuppa tea, the bedding was wonderful but the bed itself was way too soft for me and with two on us sleeping in it we did tend to roll together, also under the sheet there was a matress pad type of thing that would gather up and you would end up sleeping on big folds of matress pad, this bothered me as I am a bit like the princess and the pea and anything from a grain of sand in my bed drives me mad so you can imagine how I felt about sleeping on creases!Don't eat at the hotel or use the mini bar as it's expensive but there are loads of deli's and places to eat everywhere just outside the hotel.Overall I would definately stay in this hotel again, it would suit everyone, we got a good deal where were got 3 nights for the price of 2, the overall cost for the 3 nights for the 4 of us worked out about about æ‹¢400 ($780) at our great UK exchange rate, you would never get this standard of hotel in the UK for this price. And as a treat we got a limo to take us to Newark, it cost $130 (about æ‹¢70) and well worth it, a great treat for the kids and given we had so much luggage it was really our only option, this was booked from the hotel reception.Great hotel but if you want a more homely traditional place then this might be a tad too modern for you  
<Date>Sep 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mytraveladvice
<Content>Choose Another Hotel I was a bit confused looking for a hotel in New York because there are so many and I didn't want to make a poor decision. I picked the Westin because of the good reviews on this website, good location and familiar chain name. The only thing that held up was the good location. Check-in was smooth, although not the friendliest. As soon as we exited the elevator onto the 34th floor, we could feel the dampness in the hallway. This dampness was also present in our room, along with a terrible smell that had us looking for dirty socks under the bed. The room was clean in presentation, but the smell (I described as body odor covered in grapefruit) was so strong we called reception to ask for another room. We were told the hotel was sold out that night and we could not be transferred elsewhere but they would send someone to the room to remedy the problem. I wouldn't call a can of orange-scented deodorizer a solution, but that's was their remedy. Back to the dampness problem. My clothes (clean and straight from my bag) felt like they had been sitting in a steamroom because they were collecting humidity from the room. Housekeeping was fine, but not the greatest. One day our towels were not replenished and another day the maid neglected to clear away the glasses and napkins that remained after an evening of room service.The good points of this hotel are the following: great locatioin near Times Square (and not noisy at all), spacious accomodations, and really good breakfasts at Shula's Steakhouse (within the hotel).I personally would not stay here again with all the choices there are in the city.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Sharon.Edge
<Content>Can't wait to go back! This hotel is brilliant! The 'Heavenly Beds' and Heavenly Shower' were worth the money alone!For the US, the rooms are really good size and the bathrooms are lovely and the staff are helpful and friendly.Shula's Steakhouse within the hotel, quite rightly, has a reputation as one of the best steakhouses in New York - it really is a must.The hotel's location couldn't be better -you just turn right, walk to the end of the street and you're in the middle of Times Square. Broadway is also right on the doorstep (make sure you go to John's Pizza Restaurant here - a favourite of Woody Allen and Danny De Vito!) Central Park and 5th Avenue are also easy to walk to. And just take a short walk to the West side of the river to tget a Cruise around Manhattan which is a real eye-opener and well worth the money (as is a visit to the nearby Intrepid Air, Sea and Space Museum). New York is so safe now - we stayed on Times Square til the early hours of the morning and never felt uneasy (the police presence is reassuring and they really do follow the 'zero tolerance policy') - if only Britain would follow suit!We can't wait to go back to the Westin!  
<Date>Aug 28, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BoogRock
<Content>Big Rooms, Bigger Service, and Oh That Bed!!! I must reiterate what's been said in other reviews -- A PERFECT BELL STAFF; large clean family-sized rooms, amazing service, excellent location just slightly west of all of the craziness that is Times Square and, last but not least, THAT HEAVENLY BED -- make this a superb choice for a mid-town NYC visit. Although the place is tastefully modern and eclectic and appears more suited for the hip and trendy crowd, we were perfectly at home there with Grandma and the kids. In fact, at about 8:00pm on Saturday night, I witnessed many young families sitting on the many sofas in the spacious lobby, eating takeout and unwinding after a long day of sightseeing.I still cannot figure out how the bell staff seemed to appear out of nowhere as we stepped off of the elevator with our bags on the way to check out. Before we could even take a breath, our bags were taken and ticketed and on their way to the checked luggage area .Because our room faced the west, the room was often a bit dark and I didn't feel the in-room lighting was sufficient to compensate for the lack of natural light. In addition, I agree with another viewer who hated the bath -- way too much stainless steel and not enough counter space. These minor complaints, however, shouldn't deter anyone from this otherwise excellent facility.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>miffer80
<Content>Fantastic hotel, fantastic trip After many hours sat at my PC, desperately searching for a hotel in New York that didnéˆ¥æª› have rooms the size of a shoe box éˆ¥?BINGO, I find it. Welcome one and all to the Westin New York at Times Square. This trip was important to me; it was my 30th birthday present to my partner so everything had to be perfect and I am so happy to say that it was. The images you see on site the Westin website and Expedia are not flowered up versions of the hotel when it was first built. They are hugely accurate due, in part, to the hotel being a fairly new member to the New York hotel scene, but also credit must be given to the housekeeping team for tending to it so well. Prior to departure, I had emailed the hotel requesting details for champagne etc and I was furnished with all the details I would need in an incredibly timely fashion. Upon arrival, my requests were discreetly confirmed with me and we were given a room on a high floor éˆ¥?without having to pay extra. The room itself was spacious (far more spacious than previous NY hotels I have visited), clean and very well equipped. Clearly this hotel is not style over content as they have managed a perfect balance between the two. My main concern all the while I was searching for a hotel was the matter of noise. Iéˆ¥æª“ thrilled to say that this was most certainly not a problem in this hotel, whatever glazing they are using it really is quite something!All in all, this hotel is by far one of the better I have stayed in. Courteous staff, clean rooms, quiet yet central location and not too costly, all makes for a glowing report from this visitor.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>Rudie0730
<Content>As Good As It Gets in Times Square Just returned from our third stay at the Westin. This hotel is beautiful inside and out. The staff was warm and friendly and the views from our room was unbelievable. The best view I have even had in NYC. My last stay was almost two years ago and I have to admit that this hotel was as clean and shinny as then. It's even better now since it is smoke free. Everything at this location is first class. We went to celebrate our anniversary. A romantic hotel and also family friendly.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>fincoop
<Content>We couldn't ask for much more as hotels go The room was clean. The heavenly bed was very comfortable. The A/C worked well. The bathroom was clean and functional. The room was quiet. Around 10PM it seems the whole hotel jumps on their TV to watch a movie, so we weren't able to do so as the system was overloaded. That's our only complaint! The Concierge was a very sincere fellow and cared deeply that we had a good time in the city. His recommendations were excellent. There are (at least) two ways into the hotel. On 43rd street you have to show your room key before they let you up the escalator, nice touch! However, from 42nd street through the theatre there is no security. On our trip we noticed the smell of warm garbage out in the street, which was always the first thing we smelled on 43rd street. An unfortunate coincidence. The price was a lot less than we expected to pay in Times Square, and the location is very convenient. One short block from a major subway hub, and lots to eat and do within walking distance.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bermudabeachbum
<Content>great stay at the westin               
<Date>Aug 8, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>bdjpaj
<Content>Highly recommended! This is a beautiful hotel in a great location. Most things are walking distance. The rooms are very large and the beds are so comfortable. You will be happy here!  
<Date>Aug 7, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ladyKrystal
<Content>Good Bell Boys Spent one night in the Westin Times Square, NY. The rooms were clean and neat, The hotel was average. The reception staff and the concierge staff could use to smile a little. Both were sullen and one of the concierge was surly. The wait staff at the conference meals appeared uninterested and never smiled. The only nice people were the Bell hops and they were very nice. The rest of the staff could use a lesson from them.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Scottas66
<Content>Very Enjoyable! Upon first impression the Westin New York at Times Square is lovely; it's nice to have an entrance lobby at street level, and a quiet, removed lobby on another level. Definitely appreciated. The hotel decor is modern and tasteful. There are many check-in desks with a well marked area for Starwood Preferred Guest Gold and Platinum members. There was not a wait at check-in for any agent. I'm always pleased when a hotel has my room ready before the stated check-in time. The rooms are excellent! I admit the television was a flat screen which was particularly subject to light from the window, but that was easily fixed. The rooms are very well decorated and have that squeaky clean feel I expect from large chain hotels, but manage also to be comfortable and homey at the same time. The only problem with my stay was inattentive service at breakfast. The service staff didn't offer any beverage refills, and the staff was rather mechanical. Take order, bring order, bring check. I understand breakfast service isn't incredibly complex, but a little intuition on the part of guest needs would be appreciated. I mentioned my displeasure with the service to a front desk agent, who apologized, but made no other gesture. At Sheraton, any complaint is usually handled with some form of compensation. I was not *completely* satisfied due to the situation of service in the restaurant, but I'm sure it was a fluke. Westin at least has their concepts down right, and the facilities are wonderful.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>kittykitty1
<Content>Smelly And Unfriendly This Spring I stayed at the Westin for the second time. The first trip we loved the handy location and the size of the room. But our second trip was pretty bad. I know that a hotel this size can't be expected to have a personality, but there also seemed to be no responsibility either. While we were there, someone must have had an 'accident' in one of the lifts. It smelled incredibly strongly of urine. Both my brother and I brought the issue to the attention of management several times while we were there, but it took two days for them to clean it, and the lift was in operation the whole time. Add to that the fact that coming and going no-one asked to help us with our bags, or at the end whether we'd had a nice stay, and we felt quite let down. That's just shabby for the Westin chain. For our next trip, we'll be staying elsewhere.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	4	1	1	2	3	

<Author>ponomo
<Content>I would stay here again.       W42st  B'way  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Executive Floor Not Worth Extra Price Visited Manhattan with two friends (three persons in the room total) and booked an executive floor room with two double beds for $350 a night. Regular rooms were about $265. The bedroom section of the room was large - enough space for 3 people - but the bathroom was small and lacked counter space (a problem for 3 women). Only amenities given to those staying on executive floor is access to the executive lounge for breakfast and cocktails (WARNING: this is nothing like club floor room at the Ritz Carlton with the five food presentations daily) and they waive the daily gym fee ($10). Breakfast consisted of average pastries, cereal and bagels. No hot food. Certainly not worth the difference in price between executive rooms and regular rooms. They also charged extra for wine and beer ($5). I wouldn't stay at this hotel again - even in a regular room - because of the proximity to times square, there are just too many people. Although the room was very quiet and we never saw anyone in the rooms near us.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Building, Great Location, Subpar Service And Rooms Not A 4 Star Hotel! The rooms are aweful and the staff is worse. They try too hard to offer modern rooms and there just aweful rooms, even executive rooms. The staff is rude and clueless. The location is perfect and the building itself is amazing. I would only stay here again if everything else was booked. Do not bring a family here, if you are coming to this hotel come alone and stay as short as possible. There are many many better hotels in the great city of NY. The four star rating is way off, try 2!!  
<Date>Jul 16, 2006
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Gastronomie
<Content>Perfect Stay Just stayed at the Westin New York at Times Square. I have recommended this hotel to my colleagues visiting the city. I had a great experience from check-in to dining.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>kevtee
<Content>Westin - Fantastic Location, Great Hotel. I have recently returned from a stay at the Westin Times Square as part of our honeymoon. The whole experience was a delight from the moment we checked in. The girl at the desk knew it was our honeymoon and was very pleasant wishing us all the best etc. We requested that we have a room that was high up in the hotel and had a good view. As it was our honeymoon, the girl gave us a room that was two upgrades above what we paid for. She was fantastic to us. The room was huge by NY standards and had great views of the city. Very comfortable bed and even had a view of the Empire State Building. We also spent a very pleasant evening in the hotel bar, the bar staff were very pleasant and we really enjoyed 'chilling out' with a few cocktails in the westin's bar.Location is also fantastic for this hotel, right on Times Square. New York never fails to impress and the westin added to the whole experience, I would definitely recommend this hotel.If i am being slightly critical...it is in my nature!.......the room needed some slight attention in terms of appearance, but that is me being critical...the whole hotel was a fantastic experience.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Top Ratings for the Westin Just returned from a wonderful stay at the Westin for 5-Nights over the 4th of July weekend. For those of you thinking of visiting NYC, the holiday weekends offer a great opportunity to visit the City at with reduced crowds as many of the residents leave the City for there own vacations. Thus hotels, flights, and attractions are a great value and are not that crowed.First of all, the hotel was great. Just a block from Time Square and directly over a subway station that allowed easy access to anywhere in the city. You are also in the heart of the theater district so you can get from your room to your seat in about 15 minutes. The room was spacious and clean. The window opened so you could hear the street or closed so you could sleep late.Upon arrival, I had gotten such a great rate on Orbits ($159 per night) that I upgraded to a larger king room witch include breakfast. While breakfast might be an amenity in most Cityéˆ¥æªš, I do not recommend in that there are many great cafes just outside the hotel. Needless to say, I only went once.The room was very comfortable and was always clean! If traveling to the Big Apple on Business or Vacation I highly recommend.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome Hotel! Our family just returned from our stay at the Westin-Times Square and we willnever stay anywhere else. The room was perfection, from the ultrabeds to the double shower heads. The service was outstanding and thehotel location could not be better. We could choose from dozens of others,but you can't beat this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>1570Green
<Content>Enjoyed My Stay I stayed at the Westin June 29-30. The front desk staff was great and willing to help out on a number of small request. My first night there was a mini monsoon and the hotel loaned me an umbrella which allowed to arrive a dinner semi-dry. The room was large (by NYC standards), nicely decorated, and had a great view of the West side. The only issue is the hotel location - near Times Square and in the theater district. If you are okay being in a active tourist area or planning on attending a play, the Westin is a great place to stay. I researched room rates at a number of sites and got the best deal (surprisingly) from the Starwood web site.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Westin-First Class Stay We stayed two nights (6/26-28) at the Westin Times Square for a business meeting. We checked in late due to flight delays and our room was ready and turned down. Our room on the 29th floor was a double/double (for mom/dad/son) and had plenty of room. We had a lovely view of the Hudson River. The room and bathroom were very clean. Only complaint is that the bathroom needed more counter space. Everything was first rate.As for hosting a business meeting at the Westin (for 21 people) the hotel and staff were perfect. They met with me before the meeting to confirm the details and gave me a tour of the room and business center. Everyone introduced themself to me and made sure I knew who to contact for any questions, requests, problems. The AV support was excellent as was the catering (especially the wonton soup). The business center was fast at providing print and copy jobs and cheaper than Kinkos. The staff was first rate.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Willowchilla
<Content>Great Location         
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing!!! Had an amazing stayed at the Westin Times Square from June 24-26, 2006. Got into the hotel in the late afternoon. The reception is actually on the second floor. Check in took less than 5 minutes and the receptionist was kind, courteous and friendly. Room was a corner one on the 34th floor - the best room in Manhattan that I've ever stayed in! LCD TV, clean, classy, beds were amazing! The 2 head shower was awesome!!! Provided with complimentary unbrellas the whole weekend. Great staff. Amazing location right off Times Square, in front of the subway. Saw some of the NBA prospects as they arrived in the hotel for the NBA Draft. I'd definately recommend this hotel. Looking forward to book it again!Pros:-location-2 shower heads-comfy beds-LCD TV-clean, really comtemporary and classy-friendly staff-complimentary unbrellasCons: -can still hear some honking of traffic at night  
<Date>Jun 27, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay Was OK, No Complaints, No Cheers I had read the reviews about this hotel on Trip Advisor before I left, so I was not sure what I would find. In the long run, this hotel is not worth the money, other than the location and the wonderful comfortable beds and 2-Head Showers. I had requested a room on a high floor (above 31st floor) and a view, but was told to request it when I checked in, for room designations were not made till check-in. I did request this, but was given a room on the 24th floor with a side view of Times Square looking over rooftops of other buildings. This was the main reason I had booked this hotel was to have a night view of Times Square, but the location of the hotel is actually down the street from Times Square and obviously not the view I felt I was paying for. I had read bad reviews about the maid service and lack of towels, but we experienced none of that. Towels were always replaced and rooms were given maid service every day. Employees always staffing the outside doors were always nice and polite. The front desk staff was not as nice, for we arrived around 12:30pm and when we inquired about a room, the clerk barked we were arriving before check-in, but then said she would check for room availability. Not a good first impression on a visitor. As previously stated, hotel is OK, but not worth the extra money I paid compared to other hotels. If you want a vew, get the confirmation in writing before paying!  
<Date>Jun 27, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>stevesnis
<Content>Great stay at the Westin Time Square!! Stayed at the Westin Times Square over this past weekend (Fri-Mon). Our hotel stay couldn't have been better. It started at check in when we arrived at 1:30 on Friday and we asked for a room on an upper floor. No problems checking in early and the gentleman at the front desk upgraded us to a great room on the 43rd floor. Even the crappy weather couldn't dim the beautiful views we had of the skyline and Hudson River.Room was spacious with a nice flat panel TV and a King sized bed. The bed was amazing (as advertised) and the double-head shower was wonderful as well. The location of this Westin is good for convenience but bad for crowds (right in Times Square) but the 2nd floor lobby gets you away from the madness and our 43rd floor room was completely removed from the noise and din of the streets below. It's convenient to more than one subway stop, so travel throughout the city by train is really easy and much cheaper than cabs.The room and bathroom were freshly cleaned when we arrived, and each day during our stay the rooms were kept very clean by a great staff. We tipped the cleaning staff a few bucks each day and they left a note thanking us each time.Because of all the other amazing restaurants in the city, we didn't eat at any of the hotel restaurants.Our only complaint, (and it's a small one) is that it took about 35 mins to get our car when we checked out on Monday. It was really busy on 43rd street and there were a bunch of deliveries being made to the hotel so it wasn't really anyone's fault, but nevertheless we waited outside for quite a while.As far as money goes, we got a really great Internet rate (priceline) and for what we paid this 4-star hotel was an amazing deal. Overall, our stay was outstanding and we wouldn't hesitate to stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>BuddyMalloy
<Content>I would stay again. And again.         
<Date>Jun 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Cessna172S
<Content>Don't Buy Tickets The stand in the lobby selling tickets to shows, attractions and baseball games is not run by the hotel. We purchased three tickets to a New York Yankees baseball game from the ticket seller and he informed us that the seats we four rows up between home and first. Well, the seats were between home and first base, but they were four rows up from a metal bar located approximately 35 rows back. We were also informed that a small commission was charged in addition to the cost of the ticket. We paid $100. each for the tickets and later looked at the tickets and they only cost $50. each. We have contacted the manager regarding this, but so far nothing has happened. We later found out that some of the Westin staff do not recommend this service. They have had numerous complaints from guests, buy keep letting guests get ripped off by the vendor they use for this service. I would not recommend this hotel!  
<Date>Jun 22, 2006
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Tackle
<Content>NOT The Best Westin Reservations: easy using the Starwood Website.Check-in: polite efficient and promptRoom: Quiet enough, pleasant furnishings although a little scuffed up. Nice sized room and bathroom. Heavenly bed and shower are still fantastic, especially the bed. Nice bath products as well.Hotel gym: only open 8 am - 8 pm on weekends, which is a little odd.Check-out: fast efficient and accurate.Chief Complaint(s): 1. There is nothing particularly special or memorable about this hotel. It is a large convention/tourist hotel that you will forget as soon as you check out. 2. THEY CHARGE $14.95 per day for internet service: this is a TOTAL RIPOFF.Chief Attribute: If you shop around you can get a nice room in a great location just off of Times Square for a reasonable price by New York standards.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location!  Loved the beds and the shower. In the Theater District and near Times Square. I'd stay there again in a minute!  
<Date>Jun 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>chapperette
<Content>Great!!!       Bathroom  
<Date>Jun 10, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location! Our family (2 adults, 2 children - ages 8  7) stayed at the Westin Times Square last week for 6 nights and had an incredible stay! The hotel is close enough to Times Square - only a block away! - but yet far enough removed to have a quiet and enjoyable experience. The hotel is walking distance to many theaters and there are subway stops close by. The entrance on 42nd St. was very busy and we felt better gettting into the hotel through 43rd St. Our hotel room was ready upon arrival at 1:00 p.m. and although no refrigerator was in the room, one was brought to us within 30 minutes and it was complimentary! It helped us save quite a bit on snacks and soft drinks as the mini-bar was way over-priced! There is a pharmacy across the street from the hotel and we stocked up on soft drinks, water, and snacks. There are several cafes within walking distance of the hotel for quick breakfasts and lunches and were reasonably priced - we tried Europan Cafe and Europa Cafe for breakfast and lunch and both were very good with fresh made to order food. There is also a Starbucks in the hotel and one across the street. We had pizza and pasta at Bella Vita (on 43rd) and the food was very good! The restaurant in hotel was quite expensive! We enjoyed having a movie theater in the building and saw a movie one afternoon when the kids were worn out from sightseeing. I always left a tip for housekeeping every day, and our room was made up quickly and left clean, and we were always left with all the toiletries necessary. Overall, we had a great experience at this hotel and would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Jun 5, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very disappointing .... Promised early check in, turned up to be told by rude and condescending desk staff there were no rooms available until 3:00PM. Asked to speak to the hotel manager, after a 30 second conversation I came to the realization I was talking to an idiot who couldn't have cared less. On the plus side - room was nice and clean with a good view of the city skyline. Westin need to clean house here and its not the rooms that need cleaning .......  
<Date>May 29, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>HappyTravelers4106
<Content>Good hotel, great location I am an experienced traveler and a frequent visitor to New York City. This is one of the better hotels I have stayed in for several reasons. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful, the location is unbeatable if you're seeing shows and the rooms were very nice and clean. My husband has gold status with SPG/Westin so we were immediately upgraded to a corner suite on the 40th floor. We were also given a very late checkout with not problem. When it started to rain, the staff gave us two large umbrellas. The room was large and the linens were soft. We were seeing two shows which were right around the corner from the hotel. We also met visitors from New Jersey and they took a bus, taking them straight to Port Authority which is right across the street. Also, if you're hungry for some good New York pizza by the slice, try La Famiglia pizza on 8th avenue around the corner from the hotel. For the money, this is good value. It's in the heart of Time's Square so you will never be bored. It's also about a ten dollar cab ride down to the Village for great shopping and star sighting. My husband and I are experienced travelers and we were both very pleased with this hotel.  
<Date>May 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lylach
<Content>Great room, great service My husband and I recently stayed at the Westin Times Square for three nights as part of our first wedding anniversary vacation. We spent our last three nights at a different hotel in a different neighborhood so we could explore more on foot - the change of hotels was planned ahead of time, not as a result of poor service.I have to admit that I was pleasantly surprised with the level of service that we experienced during our stay at the Westin. Our check-in process went smoothly and our room was ready for us upon arrival, which was around 4:00 p.m. We were given a corner room on the 38th floor and had great views of Times Square as well as the Empire State Building and the Husdon River, since we had windows on two sides of the room. The New York Times is building a new skyscraper 2 blocks down the street, and our room overlooked the building's skeleton.As always, the Westin Heavenly Bed truly is heaven to sleep in. Our tired legs and feet didn't want to get out of bed in the morning! The bathroom was really small, however. There was practically no counter space and the two of us had to take turns getting ready, which always seemed to put us behind schedule. The two shower heads in the shower were nice though and felt good on our tired bodies at the end of a long day exploring the city. When we got up to the room, we realized that we wanted to have a separate refrigerator sent up (the mini bar charges you if you move anything in it) to store some food and drink in during our stay. We also needed a corkscrew to open a bottle of wine. They were very prompt and both items were delivered within about 10-15 minutes. I was expecting not to see them until we came back from dinner. The daily maid service was always very good and our room was cleaned to our satisfaction every day. We tipped $2 per night and that seemed to be sufficient for the maid to give us good service. Some people mentioned a noise problem, which is an issue that I am very sensitive to, but we didn't have any problems. We could hear fire engines and ambulances on the street, but that was it. We couldn't hear the people in the rooms next to us, or above us. The temperature control of the room was very easy and we were able to change it with no problems. I loved that you could choose from 3 different fan speeds, so the high speed at night was great white noise, which I'm used to having at home. Elevators were always very fast and efficient, didn't take long to get up and down from the 38th floor. Security seems good, as we had to show our room keys when walking in at street level at night before being able to go up the escalators to the lobby and elevators. That's a welcome feature given the sheer volume of people that are always around the Times Square area. We didn't eat at any of the hotel restaurants, so can't review their quality. We did try to get internet access at the business center and had some troubles. The computer kept freezing up on me and we quickly ran out of our paid 15 minutes of access. We immediately told the business center attendant about the problem and she called the internet access comapny and got our card credited for the $6.95 we had paid for 15 minutes of internet access. Problem resolved with no problems or questions asked. I was pleasantly surprised once again! Overall, I'd definitely recommend the Westin Times Square, especially for first time visitors to NYC. The hotel itself did a great job. If the hotel were in a different location, I'd stay there again, but the craziness and high volume of people always in the Times Square area was overwhelming to us.  
<Date>May 24, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tahiti05
<Content>Enjoyed the Westin We very much enjoyed our weekend stay at the Westin Times Square. We arrived at the hotel at 8am from a red eye flight and was able to check in right away. There was even a choice of a corner room with king size bed on the 11th floor or a room with 2 double beds on the 42nd floor. We chose the 42nd floor after reading the reviews here and were very pleased with the view. The hotel is very conveniently located right by the subway station and taxis were abundant at all times. The elevators were super fast. The only thing was that the doors bang shut really loudly so at times we heard a lot of closing of our neighbor's doors. We booked through expedia and was unable to get starwood points which was a minus. All in all, we loved our clean modern room with great view and thought the staff at the front desk and the bellmen were all very helpful and polite.  
<Date>May 23, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>JaseB
<Content>Great Place for Everything       The heavenly bed is fantastic  
<Date>May 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>WhyNot_1_2_Go
<Content>Overpriced  We stayed at the Westin the night before our cruise to Bermuda. Beause it was my 12 year old son's birthday, we wanted to stay near Times Square. We normally stay at Affina hotels, because of the fine service and great value, but to save time and cab fare, elected to stay at the Westin this one night.The hotel is very modern, but also impersonal. The public areas felt very crowded and the service was very institutional. Our room was small and overlooked the side of a building. The cost of the room was about the same as we later paid for a 1 bedroom with full kitchen on the 33rd floor of the Affina Dumont. When I booked the room, I visualized that we would have a view of all of the crowds and activity of Times Square from our room and this would be exciting for my son's birthday. Once we got there, we realized that it is NEAR (as in a couple blocks) rather than in the heart of Times Square. There is a Ben  Jerry's across the street and a few other restaurants here and there, but you mostly need to walk a few blocks to get into the heart of the Times Square action. The rooms were fine and the bed was fairly comfortable. The A/C was cranked very cold when we came in, so it took about 30 minutes before we felt comfortable in the room. I would not stay here again. If we were to do it over again, I would spring for the $5-7 each way cab fare and stay at the Affiina Dumont or Benjamin instead.  
<Date>May 11, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>collegesearch
<Content>Great Choice First overnight trip to NewYork and it was Great!!!! After searching the reviews of this hotel and talking to friends who have also stayed at the Westin it was more then I could of asked for. Great rate of $299 per night. We stayed for two nights over the weekend and didn't want to leave. This was a weekend of firsts. My daughter's first time performing in the city which was the highlight. First cab ride. First time driving in the city. We pulled up infront of the Westin and were greeted immediately. We arrived an hour earlier then check in and the front desk upgraded our room from the 25th floor to the 36th at no extra charge with access to the room immediately. Luggage was brought up immediately. You could see the Empire state building and the corner of times square. The room was very clean. Towels were replaced each day and new soap and shampoo and conditioner replaced. They try to conserve so you need to put a card on the bed if you wish your sheets changed. Very smart!!! Very quite and comforting.The doors are very heavy and slam shut if you are not considerate of your neighbors. Our room had a connecting door to the next room and our neighbors were very loud for about an hour in the late evening. However things did calm down and you could sleep well. The beds and the sheets were GREAT!!! Please take note that they use down pillows and comforters if you have allergies. The bathroom door slides shut and has frosted glass. Not as private as some may like. Had room service which was promised to arrive in 30minutes and it did!! It was hot and delicious. After we were finished with dinner we put the cart in the hall and called to the desk for it to be picked up. A few minutes later I went to get ice and the cart was removed. Our Bellman AL was very personable and helpful. Elevators were working at all times. Mexican restaurant, steakhouse, starbucks and movie theater all accessible from inside the hotel. At night upon returning to the hotel we were asked to show our room key this made us feel safe. Pajama Game, Hard Rock Cafe just steps away. You have to visit Bryant Park it was so NY!!!!!! I am already planning to return to the city. I can't believe that I have lived so close to the city all my life and never planned a trip here before. Book your trip today and have a great time, we did!!!!!!  
<Date>May 9, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DeeThom
<Content>May 6th - Location, Location, Location If you want to stay in the heart of everything - this is the place. Went to NYC last weekend. The beds were clean, and heavenly. Room was Clean, shower was clean, towels were plentiful, and linens are changed during your stay if you place the green card on you bed. The best part of this hotel was that it was right in the middle of everything, and very convenient to the Subway - yes people - take the subway - cabs are too expensive, traffic is too horrible, and the subway is no worse than Chicago subway's, they are clean and safe. The concierge even came thru with much sought after BABBO reservations. Concierage service also printed out Flight boarding passes. There was never a time we were told no. Room rate was around $345 with AAA discount - fair for NY prices. Don't expect the Waldorf Astoria or the Plaza here - This hotel is modern, and serves it's purpose. Let's face it - you are not in the room enough for little things to really matter. NYC is about Broadway, Times Square, China Town, Little Italy, and all of the wonderful eclectic restuarants, and places you can find. Word of advice - avoid Tavern on the Green - worst meal ever, and the whole place smells like Horse Poop - (from the horse drawn carriages). By all means, make New York your own, and HAVE FUN.  
<Date>May 9, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>nycvisitor111
<Content>Good location...       The lovely 2 spout shower head  
<Date>May 8, 2006
<Rating>4	2	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>TravelhappyColorado
<Content>Shocked and disappointed This was supposed to be a celebration trip but this hotel nearly ruined our vacation. The biggest issue was that we were unable to get towels and washclothes, despite repeated requests to housekeeping, the front desk and management, for THREE DAYS. Our sheets were never changed, we received no turn down service and the room was dirty. We courteously voiced our concerns yet never received a response from the hotel or from corporate. We have always had great experiences with Westin in the past so this was a real shocker.  
<Date>May 5, 2006
<Rating>1	1	4	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>mrswebbo
<Content>Loved It My new husband and I came to New York for our honeymoon at the end of April and it was excellent, we couldn't have asked for anything better. As soon as we got there our cases were taken off us and delivered to our room within 5 minutes of check in (although it felt like more as it was our first time in NYC and we wanted to get out there and explore). Check in was painless and when we said we were on our honeymoon and wanted a high floor we got one on the 38th and the view was amazing, we could see the Empire State Building. The rooms were cleaned every day, towels changed, beds made and/or changed as requested etc. etc. we were left new supplies of tea/coffee toiletries every day. The beds were heavenly and the shower was great too. There was a big TV in the room which had many English channels on it and I got hooked on an American soap which is not on in England (that I know of) which is a shame. A bulb blew in the bathroom and we asked reception for it to be changed in the morning before we went out and when we came back it had been fixed. As our flight wasnéˆ¥æª› until 6pm we asked to keep the room for a little bit longer and they said it was not a problem and let us keep it for a while. My husband also wanted a package delivered to the hotel and before we left we emailed them to ask if we could do this and the email responses were fast and reliable. So the day we arrived and all we had to do was ask at the business centre for it and they found it and said they would deliver it to the room. The lifts were great but went that fast that my ears popped!!I would definitely stay in this hotel again but as New York is such a big place and there are areas that we never got to see we might consider staying else where. But if we return to Times Square this is the place we will be.  
<Date>May 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>COhotelcritic
<Content>not luxury       bathroom  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Freakin sweet!! I recently stayed at the W in time square with my buddies in the presidential suite, 57th floor and was flabbergasted when we walked in the room, maybe it was the flat screens in every room including the bathroom, maybe the view of central park and time square and anything else that you are able to see for miles, but i think it was everything in itself that was amazing. As soon as we got in the elevator to check in we were greeted with cool music with subwoofer like speakers above us that kept us company to the 7th floor where people were partying and living it up high class style. Now its not everyday a 20 year old can get a $3000 a night room but if your ever wondering what to waste money on this is def. the place. And even the toilet was awesome, it automatically lifted up for my peeing pleasure. just make sure you dont open anything cause it could cost you in the $6 range at least. And if your hungry and order Domino's, don't worry because they have personal security that escorts the delivery guy to your room! But over all i think this was...no i know this was the best time in New York i ever had and no price can pay for that...thats why im going back this weekend may 4th and 5th to do it again.  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lroden
<Content>Best NY Hotel Experience Ever I'm a picky traveler and the Westin Times Square topped my charts, surprisingly: would never have picked it if my meetings weren't there. Specifics:Location - 43rd at 8th - middle of everything - walk, cab, bus, subway to anywhere - surrounded by every type of restaurant;Room - big, new, deluxe finishes (slate bathroom eg), and Amazing view of Hudson river, and windows that open!Comfort - heavenly super luxe beddings and towels, every amenity I can think of (coffee, iron, TV, internet...)Service - everyone I interfaced with (desk, bell, service) was proactively trying to please.Price - our convention rate was $309 which is good for a top quality hotel in NY.They have a full spa and fitness center which sadly I had no time to check.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cph56
<Content>everyone needs to go to New York City New York City is a great place to visit. We stayed in the Westin, times square. The hotel was great. Four of us stayed in one room and managed great. The beds were the best i have slept in for a hotel. I found a great deal on Westin web site. Everyone in the city was nice and helpful. The city was much cleaner than i expected. I felt safe while i was there. I think everyone needs to visit.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>maarshunt
<Content>Very Nice I wasn't sure what to expect since this was our first visit to NY. The Westin is in a perfect location if you want the NY experience. We never needed to take a taxi anywhere other then roundtrip to the airport. Subways are close by, Times square is right out the front door. The rooms were large, comfortable and had a fantastic view of the city. The house cleaning was not the best but not bad enough to complain. The check in was fast and front desk staff was very friendly. We chose many restaurants that were within walking distance and all of them were fantastic! The hotel is pricey and Shula's restaurant very pricey. There were several restaurants to walk to close by for breakfast etc. I would stay at this hotel again. It was just a lot of fun!  
<Date>Apr 23, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cap76
<Content>Never will stay here again We stayed here for three nights in April with our three kids (two adjoining rooms). The rooms were okay but nothing spectacular and it was so noisy being in Times Square it felt like our beds were in the middle of the street. Two nights in a row our 5 year old was up crying at 11:00 pm because it was so noisy with all the traffic noise and sirens that she couldn't sleep. New York was great but will never stay in this hotel again.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just OK with 2 young kids This hotel was more than fine. We went for three nights with our boys, ages 8 and 5. The people who worked there were attentive and very nice to the kids. The charge for the internet and gym access was ridiculous. I would not stay in Times Square again however. Too crazy, especially with the children. The hotel is on the corner of 43rd and 8th, a bit of a seedy area, without a lot of decent eating options. We went on starwood points and it was not worth the 12,000 points a night. However, the hotel was contemporary and clean. Again, it was fine, nothing special though.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not good Like most of the other people who recently stayed at the Westin, I was also really disappointed. It really seems to be the housekeeping that is letting down this property, as we experienced many of the same problems as the others: sheets were not changed, there were no hand towels, used up toiletries were not replaced, and our do not disturb sign was missing, which meant that the maid disturbed us every morning. Even when we pointed out that the sign was missing , they didnt bring us another one. For two consecutive days we didnt have any hand towels. Our room was not cleaned very well. We also asked for extra hangers and didnt get any. This hotel has a great look and design, but its also very cold and impersonal, and when the only contact you have is with the housekeeping, and thats not a good experience, it leaves a bad impression. Also, Westin has been running a lot of magazine ads, promoting the white tea scent of the new Westin. Well I never experienced any of this scent in my room, or in the lobby or any part of the hotel, so I don't know what that's all about. When I asked at the front desk, they didn't have a clue what I was talking about - apparently a major breakdown in communication between the marketing department and the actual hotels. I thought, well, I'm going to walk into this hotel, and it's going to smell great, and be relaxing etc - but the only thing I could smell was the ketchup and mustard on the hot dogs that people were walking in with from outside. I'd also read in the descriptions about this amazing beam of light splitting the building in two - never saw it. I wouldn't stay here again - it has the potential of being an amazing hotel, but you can't rely on fancy design and architecture alone, its the quality of your staff and the service you give your guests that really makes or breaks the day. I expected much more.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointing hotel, great city! Visit: April 8th-11th 2006Having spent 5 days at the Bellagio in Las Vegas, we expected a bit more from the Westin as it has a similar rating. Entering the hotel from 43rd Street in the early hours we were greeted by very pleasant Lobby area. Through Virgin, we had asked for rooms together but got the 10th, 26th and 28th floors. Returning to reception we managed to get two rooms on the 28th, a slight improvement. Getting out of the lift we found the landing area to be very shabby. The rooms were adequate but could have been bigger. Good view from one room over the Hudson River. Room service was excellent (maximum 30 minutes) and very friendly. Disappointed with restaurant selection within the complex éˆ¥?easier and cheaper to eat out (+ more atmosphere). Next time will read more reviews from Trip Advisor!  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tsm1969
<Content>Loved the Westin My first trip to New York was all that I dreamed it could be! The Westin is located just off of Times Square- The modern rooms were clean and the beds were as they say Heavenly!We stayed on the 17th floor and the elevators moved flawlessly between floors! The Concierge was very helpful in providing a shopping surprise gift from Tiffany's- I plan to stay at the Westin again on future trips to New York!  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Hotpot55
<Content>Very dissapointed ..Westin Wanted the W at Times Sq ,but only the Westin was available ,booking clerk told me that this was a fab hotel ,great I thought ... Impressive looking building outside and also reception are was good. Room was small and the beds are not doubles as was told more like 3/4 really not big enough for 2 ( there was 3 in our party ).Chambermaid woke us up every day at 8.30 to clean the rooms..!! hey we are on holiday and want to sleep in ! so locked the door and was not offered card to not be disturbed ,she always forgot to replenish bathroom ,no toilet rolls on 2 occasions,room not serviced at all one day ,when I rang front desk was told I must have left do not disturb card on door .. couldnt do that we didnt have one ! For 3 days the sheets were not changed ,I even left a note on the bed asking for them to be changed .. and when I came back they still were not !( they took away the card which is to be left on bed to have sheets changed)Room was dusty,not a good experience and would not return ,no interaction with staff ... only saw chambermaid once ,and then checking in and out ... very cold with no atmosphere I felt ... even though we did have good view from the room ,thats about the only positive  
<Date>Apr 14, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Constantine-7
<Content>Not bad, but I wanted more My husband and I went to New York in November 2005 as a late honeymoon as we married in August. The hotel were aware it was our honeymoon, as when we booked it the travel agent put a note on the booking nd the staff confirmed this when we arrived. Nothing special was done, despite the virgin brochure stating that the staff would make champayne (for example) available at no extra price. Also, I had emailed the hotel asking for truly spectacular room as obviously it was a special occasion...I had no reply and had emailed 3 times up to 6 months before we went. I also eventually called them (in USA) to ask if we could arrange this, the lady advised me to email again...still no joy! Anyway, we got a room on the lowest floor available to guests (28th) which sounds high, but not compared to the highest floor which was in late 40's. Our room was simple, nice decor but the floors were dirty and a mop was left to greet us in our bathroom. There were stains of god knows what on the ceiling, and I remember thinking I do hope it gets better as I really wanted everything to be magical! The views were wonderful, we could see concorde from our window as we faced west. The bed was heavenly, but the service was average. I am pleased we went, and our honeymoon was full of wonderful trips and tours, yet I just wanted that little bit extra for our special event. Nevermind!  
<Date>Apr 11, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Architecture, Not So Great Service stayed for 2 nites early april 2006.nice room on 42nd floor.if you want to go to 8th floor for the concierge level you have to change elevators! hallways are nothing special. bath is nice. views are nice, so is lobby and concierge level club with free breakfast and free drinks 6-8 pm. ok gym, but if you dont get the package, its $10 per day (afterpaying around $400 per nite!!!). central location a short work from times square, but still who's idea was to build a westin with such an avant- garde modern architecture on 8th avenue (an avenue that is know for ex porn stores and still some there .....) this hotel should have been built upper east side. street in front of hotel, its not the best to be or be seen.also not covered entrance for taxis, if it rains, you get soaked from the taxi, to the entrance of hotel, even worst if you have to get your luggage from taxi to entrance.what i'm trying to say here, the hotel is nice, rooms are nice, but to my likings its a big hotel, no personality, feels like someting out of disney, or las vegas... i didnt mind paying the $379 plus taxes when i 've booked it, compare to what other hotels where asking, but for a bit over $400 a nite, i dont care if you are in new york or london, i expect a great hotel with unmatched service. service is not what it should be. when we've checked in, for what ever reason, there where no face cloths or hand towels in the bath, plenty of bath towels.... i gave them a chance, second day, same thing, but now on top of that there were no hand towels or face cloths, the maid didnt leave any shampoo or bath gel...when i called front desk, they've sent some up.i think the problem lies that the hotel is so big, that either the employes sometimes forget things, or they are not well trained ....i have stayed at other hotels in ny during the last 25 years, like the milford plaza, and edison hotel just 2 blocks away, an eventough they are old hotels and in a different class alltogether, at least you know what to expect, and at least you get that.i'm going back to new york at the end of april 2006 again, and i will be staying at the sofitel, which has a better location on 44th street, 1/2 block from 5th avenue, and its rated in tripadvisor as the #1 hotel in ny, and i got a room for $287 !!!!!!good luck !  
<Date>Apr 6, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>KC305
<Content>Nice but room for improvement          Westin Times Square  
<Date>Apr 5, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Travelaholics
<Content>Superb location To get to the hotel definitely take the bus from Newark to the Port Authority stop. Literally a walk across the road.Grayline bus tour left from end of the street at Times square and was good for gaining an understanding of your location on Manhattan while also showing you lots of sights!Went to Phantom of the Opera which was approx. 2 minutes walk from Hotel.Hotel was good. Rooms were very nice, with v comfy bed and great shower! GHD straighteners do work in the rooms too ladies just a bit longer to heat up!Staff were ok overall, however, on arrival was was greeted with a paricularly unhappy doorman after we said we could cope with our bags!In summary, good hotel in a superb location with indifferent staff.When I go to New York again I would maybe consider a different hotel as I`m not sure I got 100% value for money.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A good place to stay I enjoyed my stay at the Westin, but i wasn't Wow-ed like the other reviews. I stayed on the 31st floor- i requested a high floor because of the noise and my room was superior, but not excellent. I didn't get the free breakfast, or the spa package, so i might have been more impressed if i had the experiences of the other reviewers.The location was convenient and hotel staff were very polite and helpful. Room services was pretty good, but the shrimp pasta was a little bland.a few things dampened my impression of the hotel:- the escalator was broken twice during my 3 night stay.- my cordless phone receiver wouldn't turn on properly- i did not get a breakfast order form after my first day's orderotherwise, the ammenities were above average and i will stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lrnyn
<Content>Modern Rooms, service needs improvement Overall a nice place to stay in NYC. Just returned from a 4 night stay. Location is good. We like visiting the upper East side as well as SoHo so the Times Square location is nicely in between. Rooms were clean and very modern. Bathrooms are small but heavenly bath is nice. There is a bit of noise from the toilets in adjoining rooms as the flush is super charged. Fitness center is pretty average and costs $10 to use. Internet access is $15. Bar 10 is ok but is a bit undermanned in terms of waitstaff, also some of the wine glasses we received there were actually pretty dirty and had to be sent back. My only real gripe is about the housekeeping service. Everyday somehow they forgot to replace hand towels or shampoo. Also on one day our room wasn't made up by the time we returned at 6pm! I think it probably was a busy week.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>jumpingstar25
<Content>Wonderful The Westin was wonderful. I can be very picky about cleanliness but everything was very clean! The double shower heads were very pleasant. The room was a nice size too because Iéˆ¥æªe stayed in other NYC hotels that were very small. We also had a nice view of the city from our room. Everyone was helpful, every time we needed information the concierge got it for us. Breakfast at Shulaéˆ¥æªš was good if you can get the continental breakfast you should do it because itéˆ¥æªš very filling and delicious. The hotel is also in a good location (Times Square). We were very happy with our stay at this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>RAYWATTY
<Content>Excellent Location Just returned from a 3 night stay at The Westin for my son's 18th birthday. Perfect venue if you only have a few days to whizz round as its only 100 yards from Times Square.The staff very friendly and always ready to advise on how best to get around New York. We stayed in an upgraded club room which included a continental breakfast to set you up for the day. Only one restaurant within the Hotel and that's Shula's. Great steaks..a little pricey but you pay for what you get. The rooms were ok and we stayed on the 16th floor which still let some noise in, but this was only minimal.I'd certainly stay here again and the four stars is just about right.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>My new favorite New York City hotel... I've always stayed at one of the same two hotels everytime I come into New York on business, but decided to try out the Westin after hearing great things about it.This is hands-down my new favorite hotel in New York City. Great Times Square location, parking garage across the street, restaurants and entertainment steps away. Rate wasn't bad at all considering the beautiful, modern rooms and excellent service. You can't find this quality and ameneties within a similar price range at comparable hotels. Steakhouse and Bar on the second floor were great, and the spa is fabulous.I have to make a special mention of the staff: friendly, going above and beyond to be helpful and accomodating for everything or anything you need. Cesar at the front desk - thanks for everything! The rooms - I stayed on the 44th floor with a corner king room and a great city view. Immaculate room, beautiful appointments and bath, very comfortable bed. If you want quiet, definitely opt for a higher floor and corner room. Contemporary, comfortable, and met every expectation I could have had.The Westin is a fabulous hotel, and I'll stay again whenever I'm in the city.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Disneyjil
<Content>Loved the Westin!!! This was our first time ever in NY. My luggage had gotten lost through the airline, so the first two days were miserable in NY without my stuff. The concierge and the desk staff did everything in their power to help me not only get my luggage, but also to have a great time in NY and at the Westin. The rooms were wonderful, and spacious. I would not ever stay anywhere else. In my future travels, I will always look to the Westin first. They are top notch!!  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I could live here . . . Great rooms, excellent service, wonderful location. With every possible amenity at your fingertips (including televised excercise program) the best one was the dual showerheads. I would gladly stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>reddyrider
<Content>Just OK; Have stayed at better, including in NYC For anybody reading this, while researching where to stay in NYC, please take serious note of this review. You will be pleased if you do....Here it is, my review of the Westin Times Square, boiled down to one word : it was OK. That's it. It was a clean room, but not the cleanest I've stayed in. The Heavenly Bed is nice, but so too are any Simmons Pillowtop mattresses. The bathroom was OK, but a little small. Some dirty spots between grout of tile / slate. Wall paper peeling in small spots here and there. Not much counter space. Metal vanity and sink, while definitely neo-metro, came off as a little cheap looking, sorry to say...kind of tinny. would take granite over that any day.Location was fine, and unlike one of the reviews below might indicate, the hotel is definitely IN the Times Square / Theater district. I don't know what they were talking about. Whoever wrote that must not like walking. Not very far (1 block?) from Broadway and 43rd. Come on people, walk a little.Again, everything was just OK. I've stayed in many nicer hotels in different parts of the country; I've stayed in worse. This one was mid-pack at best.OK, now if you've read to this part, here's where you need to take note: for the price (I think Westin was around $390 night), you can do much better at the Michelangelo on 51st. I think the cross street is 6th or 7th. The Michelangelo was far and away better, for the same price. My wife and I stayed there summer of 2004. Unbelieveably more worth the money, and only a few blocks from the hustle and bustle of Times Square. Bigger room, bigger bathroom, cleaner, nicer accouterments, free continental breakfast (not that we took advantage of that, but it's there); simply better for the money. Why did we stay at the Westin, then, you be asking? They had a buy two night, get one free promo, and we thought we would try something new in NYC.Not next time though. Why settle for OK, when you can have exceptional at the Michelangelo, for the same price?  
<Date>Mar 23, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>BPWaterson
<Content>Not Bad but a Bit Noisy This is a great hotel in a central location, but this is far from my favorite Westin. The staff was friendly, the rooms were well-kept, the Heavenly Bed was as comfortable as always, and the views from our Deluxe City View room were great. However, I am accustomed to the Westin offering something extra, but our room felt like any generic hotel room. The biggest problem with the room was that it was very noisy éˆ¥?all of the noise from the hall seemed to be amplified. Nevertheless, I would stay at this hotel again if the price was right!  
<Date>Mar 23, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Westin is fab!! We stayed at the Westin Times Square in February at the time when it snowed...and it was great!!The hotel was really clean and very stylishly modern! The staff were really helpful, especially the concierge, and were always happy to help! Bar 10 was always welcomimg to go to for pre dinner drinks, despite being a little expensive. Shula's was great for an American breakfast...the pancakes are to die for!!!! However, we recommend you avoid room service as it is extremely costly! If you can, try and go for a club room as the rooms are ultra comfy and you get free access to the club lounge for breakfast (which was always nice) and pre dinner drinks. It's definitely worth the extra. The hotel in itself is in a great location ad is easily accesible!! We would definitely return here for our stay in New York City!  
<Date>Mar 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ATEJOSIE
<Content>great buffet Being Starwood owners, we stayed at the club floors which were great. The best deal was the free continental breakfast and the hors d'oerves. Between these 2 meals, we did not need to go to any rest. for dinner or lunch-we used the time to enjoy the city.Convenient to public transportation and helpful staff  
<Date>Mar 22, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mtymd
<Content>No better option in Times Square       The bathroom  
<Date>Mar 21, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ob2
<Content>No problems except I just returned from a one night stay. I found the staff to be very accomodating, and I never waited in line. My room was fine--very clean with a great view.The only problem I had was that the lobby is on the 2nd floor. I guess I'm getting old, but I have trouble going down escalators when my hands are full. There is an elevator in the restaurant that you can use, but it's not very convenient. Beds are great, very comfortable.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>marchhare
<Content>new york city amazing we arrived at the 'westin at times square' after an hour or so taxi journey, which 20 minutes of that was spent looking for the hotel, we obviously dont know the area well, so you would expect us to be unsure, but the taxi driver couldnt even find it, eventualy when we stopped going round times square and went away from times square we found it, so if you are wanting a hotel on times square/broadway this isnt actually on it, it is at the end of the block (the far end).We were however offered an upgrade when we mentioned this fact on arrival. Something though that we were not informed on by either the hotel or the tour operator was that the hotel since january is a no smoking hotel (we booked in may 2005). now i beleive in freedom of choice and my choice is that when i get off a 7 hour flight with a 2 hour wait either side of the atlantic, i want to sit down in comfort and have a coffee and a cigarette, especially when we have specifically booked a smoking room but hey ho back down in the lift 42 floors and stand up in the cold to have a cigarette, fun start to my hols. Out maid though was fantastic, really friendly, as were the doorman and the bell boy, the staff were helpful, and the hotel is security concious on a night asking for room key identification.The rooms were very spacious and the shower and bed fantastic, but im afraid i wouldnt stay there again, BIG UP TO NEW YORK though amazing city very friendly and polite people, and please do not stand up on the tour bus lol. happy hols to all  
<Date>Mar 10, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>asty
<Content>fab location We stayed here during the half term holiday. We got the subway in from the airport. It cost $5 for the airtrain and we bought a week ticket for $21. So cheap!The hotel was right opposite the subway station.The hotel room was nice and clean. We were on the 25th floor with views over the hudson. We did not experience the noise from the roads, even though we were not that high up.We had a fantastic breakfast at a little diner on 9th Avenue. Just a few minutes walk. The staff there were great and it cost us $5 each. Not the most luxurious of hotels we have stayed in, but was great for what we needed. You could not have had a better location.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent hotel The Westin Hotel Times Square is a wonderful place to stay in New York City. It is a quiet, modern hotel. We have stayed there twice and wouldn't stay anywhere else. It is located within a block of the Port Authority Bus Terminal where you can catch the Newark, New Jersey bus to the airport. We highly recommend the red Grayline Sightseeing bus (on and off privileges) as you can see all burrows and sites. We also recommend the Circleline boat tour around Manhattan Island. You can purchase both of these tours on a combined ticket at the Port Authority or at the Grayline ticket office a couple blocks from the hotel. This hotel is located in the theater district and within walking distance of many shows. We saw The Producers and Lion King...both were excellent. We did not care for the hotel restaurant, but great restaurants of all prices are located very close to the hotel. We especially enjoyed John's Pizza, Bubba Gump's and Rosey O'Grady's....inexpensive restaurants and very good. Both restaurants are within walking distance of the hotel. We visited in 2004 and 2005.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>musicmom3
<Content>Convenient location We enjoyed our recent stay at the Westin. We took advantage of a spring discount for the room and then added an upgrade to the club floor, which allowed us a complimentary continental breakfast and evening snacks and non-alcoholic beverages (wine and beer are on the honor system, where you fill out a voucher for a $5 charge per glass). It was great to not have to pile on the winter coats and fight the wind first thing in the morning, and the evening snack (pasta in vodka sauce with substantial bread sticks and a variety of vegetable salads) actually turned out to be dinner for myself and daughters. We had asked for an early checkin (9:00 AM) and our room was ready, which was a great start to our day in NYC. The location of the hotel is great, close to everything. The heavenly beds were heavenly, but I didn't see much heavenly about the bathroom, but then we had a wheelchair accessible bathroom with a hand-held shower spray instead of the double showerhead. The people at the Westin were all extremely friendly and helpful, and the service was excellent. My one warning would be for light sleepers. We were on the 16th floor facing the Port Authority Station, and there were horns blaring all night. Light sleepers might want to have another room location.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>spotter1314
<Content>Great Hotel Stayed at the Westin in Times square this weekend. This hotel is great! I highly recommend it for location, service and comfort. Checked in and got upgraded to a corner deluxe king room It had the most comfortable bed and was very large for a new york hotel room. Great for famiilies or couples!  
<Date>Mar 5, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Muz
<Content>Top Luxury Stay My partner and I stayed for 3 nights at The Westin and absolutely loved it. The rooms were very spacious and modern. The bed and linen were indeed heavenly. The service was excellent. The complimentary breakfast was a welcomed treat every morning. We were on the 14th floor and had great views of Times Square. The location is awesome as it is near restaurants, metro, theatres everything really. Overall, this would have to be one of our favourite hotels in NYC and we will definitely stay there again. Great stay.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Go for a High Floor We stayed at the Westin Times Square for 10 days in january. The quality of stay at this hotel is very much dependent on the floor you are on. We know, because after four nights of street noise hell, we moved rooms and enjoyed ourselves thoroughly. Here is the problem, and it is really a problem if you are noise sensitive. The hotel itself is located at 43rd and 8th Avenue, not exactly my favorite location but incredibly accessible to public transportation. Unfortunately, this location is one of the busiest and loudest in the city. The hotel employs two different window systems. The system on the lower levels leaks noise like a sieve. So for four nights we could barely sleep. Traffic, sirens, you name it, could be heard in the room. The room itself was fine. After complaining, we were given a room much higher in the hotel. Lo and behold, the window system was entirely different, and it kept out virtually all noise. We then became happy campers.The public areas were reasonable for a business hotel and the friendliness of the staff depended on whom you were dealing with. We originally stayed on the club level, so we had gym and breakfast as part of the room cost. The gym was small but nice. The buffet breakfast was iffy at best - ok if you weren't looking for a real meal. For some unexplainable reason, there was no consistency from day to day as to what was being served. Once we got by the noise issue, our stay was excellent. We would definitely stay at the hotel again, provided we had a room with the better window system. Otherwise, we would pass.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>purple003
<Content>just heavenly!!! We came to new york for our anniversary. We stayed for 6 nights. I hated to leave. Check in was fast. The room was huge, very clean and the view was great. We stayed on the 42nd floor in a king deluxe. The staff was very helpful. I would recommend this hotel. We are going back in september and will stay there again. No complaints at all.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SBHappy
<Content>Very Disappointing We will not be returning to the Westin. The hotel room was nice with a great view. However, there were so many little problems that added up to make the overall stay less than pleasant. We found the staff to be VERY unfriendly and unhelpful. Our TV and phone did not work properly. The bedlinens were soiled and after making a call to the front desk, we were put in another room. The concierge was never at the concierge desk. The Starwood Preferred Customer counter was not staffed. We were told that all the stores are open at 10:00am on Sunday. We discovered they don't open until 12:00pm. After walking to Madison Ave/5th St. in the cold and wind, we were weren't too happy to discover that all the stores were closed. We had a drink in Bar 10 and thought the prices were very high. The location is great if you will be going to see the Broadway shows (we saw Dirty Rotten Scoundrels and loved it!!). However, I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. If the staff was pleasant, the other issues could be overlooked. At close to $300.00/night for a standard room, I would expect much better service. What a let-down.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>stonefree
<Content>A big disappointment The Westin has a great location - right in the middle of the action of Times Square. Great if you are going to the theater. Rooms are small, bathrooms are tiny, outfitted with stainless steel sinks that look like they are used in prisons. Unlike other Westins, the service is indifferent. MAid service is not prompt, and a request to repair the bathrroom was ignored during my entire 4 day stay. The hotel is expensive, but you can do much better for the money in this city with many options.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great weekend break This was our first visit to NYC and it was everything we could hope for. I thought the hotel was very good, great location, excellent room especially the bed it was fab. Our room was on the 30th floor excellent views of the city and nice and quiet. We didn't eat at shulas but we did have a drink in bar 10, nice and cosy but too expensive. We visited all the main tourist attractions but the weather was extremely cold which spoilt our visit to central park (probably better to see central park in the summer). The Empire State Building was remarkable great views from the top but be prepared to queue. We were apprenhensive about using the undeground but it was no problem and cheap $7 all day pass. If you get a chance visit Bubba Gumps Shrimp Restaurant best ribs in NYC. Overall excellent break will return in the future and would stay at westin again.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Harlowgirl
<Content>Great Hotel We have recently returned from our 2nd stay at the Westin Times Square. The Hotel is in the perfect location just off Times Square, within walking distance are the Empire State Building, Central Park and Rockerfeller Centre.We found our rooms on both visits to the Hotel to be very clean and comfortable (believe me I am very fussy about hotel rooms being clean) and the Heavenly beds and showers are truly Heavenly and the rooms are quite big considering you are in New York City. There are robes provided, plenty of clean towels provided in the bathroom and Starbucks tea  coffee making facilites in the room. Contact the Hotel ahead of your stay and request a corner room (although the hotel do not guarantee it).We was lucky on our first visit to the hotel to have a corner room on the 41st floor with a fantastic view over the city,looking towards downtown and the Statue of Liberty. This time around our room was on 45th floor looking up towards Central Park. The hotel bar - Bar 10 is a great place to have a drink. There is also a Starbucks and Shulas Steakhouse connected to the hotel, both very good.If you get the chance do visit Top of the Rock at the Rockerfeller Centre which reopened in November last year. The observatory is on the 64th floor with stunning views over NYC and best of all no queues for tickets or the lift!If you are looking for a great hotel then I would definatley recommend the Westin Times Square.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Cairn69
<Content>Great Location Stayed at the Westin Hotel Times Square New York for 4 Nights.If you are travelling from any of the NY airports the Port Authority Bus Station is directly across the road from The Westin and you can make considerable savings on getting the by bus rather than taxi. $13 single for an adult. Buses leave every 15 mins.On arrival we waited 25 mins to check in, I accept it was a Sat afternoon, but for a hotel of this quailty it was not very good to be kept waiting so long.Our room was a double double for my wife, son and I and was well decorated also with, coffee, ironing, in room bar, and pay per view movie facilities.The Westin advertises 'Heavenly' Beds and Baths as a trade mark, the bed was ok, but nothing special and the bath would be heavenly as long as your under 5ft5 tall!The Westin's main strength in my opinion is its location, its 150m off Times Square in the heart of the Theater district. So you are right in the action, so to speak.If you are looking for fine eateies try 46th street off 8th Avenue, lots of places with fantastic prices and only 3 blocks north of the hotel.I would stay at the Westin again due to its location, and overal the problems we had were minor in nature.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Indifferent service from an impersonal hotel Paid over $400 a night for a club room which had two standard double beds. As a couple this meant sleeping in a cramped standard double bed - hardly luxury. The reception staff were very unhelpful.The views were great from the 16th floor but there was a lot of noise at night.The shower was fantastic with its double head but the bath was shallow and the toiletries very basic.Decor was a bit dated and tired and cleanliness was poor (hairs in bathroom and litter on the floor). The maid didn't clean the coffee maker for three days running or replace toiletries. The bar lacked ambience and the drinks were expensive ($33 for two glasses of wine).Overall the hotel was a big disappointment and certainly not worth the money.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>WhyAScreenName
<Content>Very nice Clean...location is great.....but why charge $10 to run on the treadmill for 30 minutes?? I'm sorry but I think it tacky to charge guests to use the exercise room when you are paying over $200 a night.However, the things that needed to be important, were.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place to Stay (From Chicago) I just returned from a trip to NYC in a group of six, with three rooms, staying at the Westin TSQ, on a trip to see The Color Purple (GREAT BROADWAY SHOW!!! A Must See) . I researched a lot of hotels in Times Square, and for the price point ($199 usd), service, quality, this was the best. The Rooms were very clean, we all stayed on the 29th floor, there was very little NYC noise on the 29th floor. I didn't take advantage of the continential breakfast or the gym, I can't comment. The concierge ordered a car service to and from the airport with the click of an email, and got us last minute dinner reservations before the show (I forgot), and the restaurant was great as well (Uncle Jacks Steakhouse, I expected less because of the name, but it was the best meal in NYC). The Westin staff and service people were great. Shula's 10 Bar in the lobby was ok, not great, drinks were expensive and not heavy on alcohol. The bar service was a little bad, since they brought us the bill before actually delivering drinks, I don't think they will be doing that again. Heavenly Bed is very good, the Heavenly shower never really got hot. There is a starbucks, a movie theater, Shula's Steakhouse, and a Chevy's Mexican restaurant all in the building. A short walk to Times Square and a cab ride to where ever else you would like to go. Enjoy!!!!  
<Date>Feb 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Perfect Ten!! We stayed at the Westin Times Square February 10-15 - it was our 30th wedding anniversary. We cannot say enough good things about the staff and management of the Westin. I might add that on night #2, a blizzard struck the area and the only 'glitch' was a note that housekeeping would be a bit late. Room service was exactly on time each and every morning. We had a corner room on the 44th floor - the view was great and the hotel very quiet. The room was extraordinarily clean, the bathroom a bit compact but everything was stocked. If we needed anything, we placed a call and within minutes - MINUTES - our requested items were at our door. I've never seen such service. The concierge staff was very responsive and had taken steps to assure a very late arrival was no problem. The hotel management arranged for late check out so we could enjoy our last day in New York City. Would we stay at the Westin Times Square again? In a New York Minute.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>areviewer
<Content>Good Service - OK rooms Room was fairly big - however, all a bit sterile. The bath tub was small and the room poorly lit and starting to look a bit tired. Would prefer to stay somewhere else for the next visit.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>DiabloDvs7
<Content>Wonderfully Wired Westin       Like I Said, More Cases WILL Be Needed  
<Date>Feb 10, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kimc64
<Content>Fabulous hotel and staff!! We stayed at the Westin NY in Times Square at the end of January and had a great time. It's an excellent location if you want to be in Times Square. We had upgraded our room to the Club Floor, so the room was a nice size, and included continental breakfast. We had a decent sized bath with slate floors. We were on the 16th floor and could barely hear any street noise. The Heavenly Beds are truly heavenly but the dual showerhead in the bath seemed unnecessary. We did have a slow draining tub drain - but it was fixed immediately when we called to report it. The hotel staff was excellent - and they accommodated our early check-in (6:45 am). Yes, the hotel can be a pricey, but for NY, it is worth every penny.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Pryncess14
<Content>Great Stay! My company stayed there for a tradeshow and this hotel really had much bigger rooms then many others in NY. We really liked it.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>val32lu
<Content>Great stay Went there on business 1/25-1/28 and had a lovely stay at the Westin. Rooms were extremely clean and spacious (for New York), bathroom was very modern with a frosted sliding door, staff was super friendly and the food was great. The heavenly bed and shower greatly improved the stay!If location is a must then you have to stay here. We walked to Macy's in Herald Square, took a $6 cab from Penn Station (walkable on a nice day w/o luggage) and walked to the subway stop in Times Square.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Shoechick
<Content>Excellent - Loved It Very good two night stay at this hotel. Friendly staff on the check in desk. Room was on the 41st floor with a view of the Empire State Building. The location of this hotel really can't be beat. Room was good. Couple of stains on the carpets but nothing major. Bed was to die for. Had lunch at Shula's downstairs which was very good, but preferred Bar 10. We were in there both nights and they had great food and a lovely setting.Would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Baxter-md
<Content>Great Tourist Location The hotel is in a great location for a tourist visit to NYC. It is safe and in the middle of the city. Times Square and the theater district are just steps away. The Met and the museum mile are easily accessible by taxi (about $10 with tip), but or a brisk walk (a little over 1.5 miles)that can take you by Radio City/NBC/Rockefeller Center and through Central Park. The Village is easily accessible by subway, cab or another brisk walk.Service is excellent -- valet parking was no problem -- the view of the river and NJ was great and the room was up to Westin standards.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>paulmichele1210
<Content>A great place to stay       View from our room  
<Date>Feb 6, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>georgiapeachgirl
<Content>New York's Best From the moment we arrived we realized the Westin Times Square was the perfect hotel for our 4 day NYC trip. We were greeted and checked into our room immediately. Everyone was so friendly and nice. Our room had a great view of times square and was very spacious. The heavenly beds were heavenly after walking all day in NYC. I cannot say enough about the location of the Westin. Everything was walking distance from the hotel...Rockefeller Center, MOMA, Macy's...It was also so convenient to the Subway. I can highly recommend the Fresh Mex Mexican restaurant inside the entertainment complex by the hotel and the Starbucks was great for morning coffee. Appleby's across the street had wonderful breakfast. All sorts of shops and Madame Tussands right across the street. The Shubert Theatre was a short walk to see Spamalot. All the theatres were nearby. Highly Recommend. We will stay there next visit to NYC. We were there during the Subway strike and the staff helped us find alternate transportation to airport. Excellent Service.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>icon99
<Content>Good Location I stayed at the Westin Jan19-23th this year. I arrived late around 11pm. The check in went smooth and my room was on the 36th floor. Great view of the Hudson. Having stayed at various high end hotels over the years this is a pleasant experience for the money. I was happy I was on a high floor as there was quite abit of white noise coming from the across the street,fans etc from the roof tops. The room service was good and the food was tasty. I ate in Shula's one night. Anyone for a 32oz steak??? not me!! I had a 16oz and it was great. Get use to the prices. My steak was $40usd+7.00usd for a side of spuds.A cup of drip coffee is 6.00usd. I would stay here again. Without a doubt there beds are the best!!  
<Date>Jan 28, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place to stay My husband and I stayed at the Westin for one night, Jan. 21. and we were blown away by this place. Everything was clean, the room could not have been better, and it is within walking distance or easy subway ride to almost all NYC has to offer. Everyone was helpful and gave alot of tips about parking, eating, etc. We got a really good deal on the internet, and I will be staying here for our next weekend away.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect location, Perfect bed and Perfect view We loved everything about this hotel. We normally stay at The New York Palace and were afraid that we may loose some quality and service by changing hotels......Boy were we wrong. We had a great view from our 42nd floor room and the bed is to die for......Great hotel and location!  
<Date>Jan 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>martdm
<Content>Nice hotel; spa room not all it's cracked up to be In town for a concert at the Nokia theater around the corner, we recently stayed the weekend in one of this hotel's spa inspired rooms. In general this is a nice hotel, typical of Westin standards. The location is very good if you wish to be near Times Square and the surrounding areas, as well as to major subway lines.We didn't find the spa room to necessarily be worth the price of the upgrade. The massage chair (our main impetus for reserving the room) was not terribly comfortable, providing no benefit to the legs or feet while being a bit too harsh on the back (even on the lowest settings). The spa bath products were nice but only provided in the typical small hotel packaging, which was not really enough to thoroughly enjoy.The 23rd floor corner room itself was very nice with windows surrounding the outside walls and a view of the river. The bathroom was large by NYC standards and had a spacious tub/shower we loved. The 'heavenly bed' left my husband and I disappointed as we really did not sleep well on it (perhaps it's an acquired comfort as we're used to a more firm mattress as opposed to the memory foam type overlay the mattress has). The pillows were divine and the bed clothes were very nice.Everything was very clean and well kept throughout our stay. The street noise however was a bit loud in the morning.The few staff we encountered throughout our stay were friendly and helpful and we had no problem arranging airport transportation through the concierge or late checkout through the customer service staff. All in all, this was a good stay and perhaps we would return if we needed a hotel in this particular vicinity once again.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Andy999
<Content>Perfect location! After months of researching hotels, our family finally decided to stay at the Westin Times Sqaure from 2-6 Jan 2006, and I can say that my research paid off!The biggest selling point for this hotel is the location. We got the bus from Newark airport to Port Authority bus terminal and all we had to do was cross the road and we were at the hotel! Also, you walk to the end of the street and you are right in Times Square, it was the best location, right beside Times Sq without having to walk out straight into the crowds everyday. There is also a starbucks, a cinema and a mexican restaurant attached to the hotel, with an excellent deli just a few shops along.The hotel itself was flawless, staff were friendly and accommodating, rooms were immaculate, and the food great. We stayed on the 14th floor at club level which includes slightly bigger rooms, breakfast, evening hors d'ouevres, and free drinks and coffee all day. The rooms are modern, and I do understand what a previous poster said about there being a feeling of sterileness, the hotel is great but I wouldn't say it's a cosy hotel. Overall, I would highly recommend the Westin Times Square and will stay there again if I return to NYC.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>newyorker1985
<Content>Simply Superb       looking down from the 44th floor, room 4408  
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ireland_member
<Content>Superb location and good value My daughter and I stayed at the Times Square Westin. I had requested a room with a view. We received a room on the 42nd floor and the view was all I could have wished for. We had a regular double -not hugely luxurious but quite comfortable - especially the beds.Sound proofing was not great - the sound of the lifts was audible in the room. The room was big by New York standards and a bonus was that one could open the window. The lcoation was unbeatable - we could walk to a range of attractions. I found the vallue excellent - at $249 a night.I would certainly stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>JoeFoodie
<Content>Left me cold .... This is an odd hotel. I've stayed here 4 or 5 times over the past two years. Not sure why, but this relatively new hotel always leaves me feeling cold. It's a large, sterile building. The rooms are large, clean and nice ... but absolutely no artwork on the walls. The colors are all muted mint greens, beiges, etc. It just doesn't feel warm and inviting at all. Feels corporate-y cold. It's the kind of place where one yearns for a little human contact and attention. Bed is great (as expected with Westin), concierge level club is nice, groovy little bar, bell service slow (had to call three times for our luggage), and front desk extremely efficient. Rates can be extremely high here ... watch for deals or pass it up. I love most Starwood properties, but not sure I'll return to this particular property again in the future. There are so many more interesting boutique choices in NYC these days.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2006
<Rating>4	2	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>TRavlerbarry
<Content>Great hotel and staff This was our 6th stay at the Westin Times Square. Everything was perfect. The door staff remembered my name from other visits, check in took about 5 minutes. Room was perfect. housekeeping was great. Did order one meal from room service, order was in room in less then 20 minutes, unheard of in even in the best hotels. As always will stay in this hotel again.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>JanaLH
<Content>Great Location...Great Staff...Great Rooms!!!! We stayed at the Westin in Times Square from Dec 25th thru Dec 29th, 2005. We absolutely loved the Westin! From the friendly check in clerk, to the housekeeping meeting every request, to the great location of the hotel, we were completely blown away! So much is within walking distance, Times Square, 1blk, Rockefeller Center, 9 blk, Macy's 6 blks, Theatre's 1-2blks. Our room was spacious, the view was great, the beds were what you expect from a Westin (our daughter loved the rollaway). We could not have been happier with our choice to stay at the Westin. We look forward to coming back to New York and to the Westin Times Square.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Jamma
<Content>Would give this a miss next time I visit NYC Our stay at the Westin was an odd one in that first impressions were not good, then the place grew on us and then it went downhill from there.Check-in in the early hours of New Year's Eve went smoothly and we were assigned a room on 29th floor - deluxe king. It was about 2am and our key wouldn't work. That was finally solved and then we got into a room. It was located right next to the express lift shaft. The sounds of lifts passing was like a passing motor vehicle. There were four of them.The room wasn't the cleanest I had seen either. There were long hairs on the desk chair and dust on the furniture.We went back to the front desk and asked for a change of room which was greeted without a problem and the next day the change took place, albeit that there was confusion between the front desk and bellman as to whether the room was available or not, buy hey, this is a big hotel and it was busy. No problem.Our next room on 40th floor was much better, away from the lifts and had an even better view of the first, looking across Manhattan with a view of the soaring Empire State even when lying in bed! However, be warned that this is not a quiet hotel. There may be heavenly beds but the noise of people and doors clanging in the corridors simply couldn't be avoided and this was through until our departure on 6 Jan when the New Year crowd had all gone. Also, housekeeping arrive on the corridors about 8.30am and talk loudly. This simply wasn't on. Then there's the decor. The rooms look a bit like they've been furnished out of Ikea. Okay for while I guess but I'm not sure I would want to check into this hotel in say, 5 years. The rooms will be falling apart. The brushed steel sinks and units reminded me of a cross between prison cell ones (not that I've been arrested!!) and operating theatres, and our heavenly bath had yellow staining by the taps, so we used the heavenly shower which was like, er, a regular shower. However, yes, the heavenly beds are just that, heavenly, but like I said earlier, shame about the noise outside the room that woke us.Having said all this, the views were great, Bar 10 and Shula's were excellent. The staff in these establishments far exceeded that of the hotel staff which is very unsusual I think.What grated on us at the end of our stay was that housekeeping just gave up on the last day and didn't bother attending on us. We made a request at 2pm and another at 7pm and 8pm and then at 9pm someone finally brought some towels. This made us late for plans for out last night in NY and the attitude of staff was appalling. The front desk made no apology said it was sold out so housekeeping was on a request basis. 1) I did request it, 2) how would I know that the place was sold out anyway, and 3) I have never heard of this system in this standard of hotel before.When we finally got out that night, someone came and made the bed and took the rubbish but that was it. No refill of soap, water, coffee, tidy up etc.Then, on the day of check out, a $250 charge had mysteriously appeared on our bill from the health club. Not thinking this would be a problem if I raised it, I was greeted with suspicion and unprofessionalism. A call was made in front of me to the health club and I was made to wait. I was then told that I had signed a check and that it was being faxed over. When it arrived it clearly was not my signature but had my name on it. It also had a different room number. After a further wait and sample of my signature, I was told that the amount would be cleared and that they would investigate further. I understand that this may not have been the hotel's fault, or it may have simply been an error but what I did not like was the way I was made to feel as though I was pulling a fast one, and how there was no apology for the mistake and for taking up my time. During my waiting at the desk, I also discovered that I had been charged an extra $50 per night on my rate. In essence, the majority of front desk staff could use a training course on hospitality and customer relations. We then left, rather annoyed, tainting our stay at the Westin but certainly not New York! In future we'll stay elsewhere, and for $429 and $329 a night respectively, it will be in a far superior hotel if we avoid the holiday season.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>AlyceBostonMA
<Content>Great Location and actually got a good nights sleep This was a perfect location...you just step out into the heart of Times Square. If security is a concern of yours, with the Westin you don't have to worry...there are many security personnel visible especially at night. I was a bit concerned after I read some of the reviews here about the service but we had great service. I made the reservations and failed to realize that the other couple needed a handicapped accessible bathroom. The Westin made the change in our accomodations immediately. I had lots of questions for the staff since this was only my third time in NYC. Everyone who I spoke to went out of their way to help me including providing printouts of online material, drawing maps and writing down other info. We even got approimations of how much cabs would cost to a certain destination. I always have trouble sleeping in a bed other than mine at least for the first few nights. The bed was wonderful and I had no problem sleeping. The room and bath was immaculate.We did not eat in the hotel as we wanted to save our pennies so we could take in a show(Light In The Piazza)and eat in my favorite steakhouse(DelFrisco). We did find EuropaCafe right on the next block...breakfast or lunch for around $7 per person. We would return to the Westin  
<Date>Jan 9, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Use2trvl
<Content>First Class all the way Stayed at the Westin-Times Square Christmas week. In spite of the crowds, we were treated exceptionally at the hotel. When we checked in, we requested a room high up. We were put on the 22nd floor and had a great view of the Empire State Building. A real thrill for our kids since we were not going to wait 2 hours to go to the top of the Empire State Building.The concierge was great. The rooms were quite large and there were four of us in there. Two months prior, I shared a room at the Paramount Hotel in NYC. That room was about 1/2 the size of the Westin and costs significantly more.Great location. Can't be beat if you are a tourist looking to experience all that NYC has to offer.Regarding the heavenly shower. The person that wrote the review about not having the second showerhead work did not miss out on much. It took us quite a while to figure out how to work it. When we did, it was no great shakes. The head of the shower was not like a shower massage so you couldn't place pulsating water on your back while experiencing rain water on your head. It did look cool, but that's about it.Room Service in NYC??? Who needs it when you can have any kind of food delivered to the lobby. The concierge can certainly recommend good places that deliver.Also, for those interested in going to the theatre...The concierge does not arrange theatre tickets. There is a private operation that runs the ticket concession in the hotel and you'll pay quite a premium to secure your tickets. We just walked to the box office (2 blocks away) and even during Christmas week, secured tickets to a popular show. You just have to be flexible (i.e., have three nights in mind) and you will do fine. Of course if you have money to burn and you don't mind paying extra, use the service.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>NorthCarolinaKaren
<Content>Would stay here again! We booked and stayed at this hotel Dec 26-29, 2005. I had initially wished to stay here thru the New Year but the price for the room doubled by the end of our stay so I moved to a place up on Park ave. The westin was great, the location is fantastic, only 1/2 block from subway and the rest of the madness of times square. We were on the 36th floor and could not hear anything at night and it was a very busy time of year. The room was large for NYC and very clean and everything I have come to expect from a Westin including the comfy bed and bath! We ate breakfast at Shula's one time...it was ok (a bit pricey) the rest of the time we ventured out or had reservations. Top 3 places we dined are: Mesa Grille, Lupa and Clinton St. Baking Co. Of course I did my research ahead of time but they were great! All in all the Westin was a great hotel and you really cannot beat the location.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jad376
<Content>After my third stay, I've moved on. Just like in showbiz, this sleek, modern star's fifteen minutes are almost up. The beds are amazing, and will still cause you to sleep through your alarm clock even after the lights have dimmed and the curtain has gone down. However, that premiere-night glow faded from my mind during my third stay here last spring. It wasn't because this is a bad hotel - the location is ideal for tourists and theatregoers, there's a movie theater  starbucks off the lobby, the security is tight, the food from Shula's is good and the rooms are luxurious (in the kind of way a Mondrian painting is deep)...but...I began to sense a kind of sterility to this place that speaks of modern, 21st century New New York. Not that there's anything bad about stainless steel  granite bathrooms, rice paper auto-brightening flourescent lamps, Herman Miller 'Aeron' desk chairs  massive glass windows. I guess I just prefer the feeling of creature comforts to a style that forces itself to be newer than everything around it without breathing in the aroma of the old. I predict this hotel will become dated within this decade, which is sometimes a problem when you hire famous young architects to do an important urban development. The designers had the foresight - and the license - to build a hotel that ignores its fleeting neighborhood context and instead embraces being an iconic part of the Theater District. As such, as a tourist, you will most likely either be entertained or nonplussed by this. Ultimately, the real hotel stuff - the beds, the shower, the service - will win you over, but the hit-or-miss attitude of the staff, for the moment, takes one star away from my rating. My defense of the staff is that this is an enormous hotel that, when compared to other comparably sized upscale tourist hotels in Midtown (Hilton 54th st, Sheraton 53rd st, Marriott Marquis), makes an effort to be a cut above. So, fellow travelers, regardless of what I think of the atmosphere and the creature comforts, the Westin is a great pick when you can get a good rate and, oh, follow these tips:-Make sure you request a corner room (4039 has two queen beds and an AMAZING view of northeast Manhattan all the way around to the empire state building - I could see Rockefeller Center and a bite of Central Park from the toilet. 1929, with a king bed, is on the bottom of the tower part, but I could still see down into much of 42nd. st, and across Chelsea with a sweeping view of the Hudson river.). -Trust the good reviews of Shula's steaks -If you can't get a parking package deal, Self-park your car for around $16/day in the secure garages on 62nd. st  west end ave. (+ $5 cab ride to hotel, or walk + $2 subway ride) instead of valet for over $45 (they lost my bloody car once and made me over an hour late) -There's a bakery-cafe in the building, accessible from the street only, around the corner from the front entrance on 43rd  8th avenue. We did take-out breakfast from here every morning after being charged over $60 for eggs, fruit, croissants and coffee from room service.-The New York Times headquarters will be under construction directly across 42nd st. for the next couple of years. All the rooms in the lower (orange + yellow) part of the hotel, the atrium section which is depicted in the traveler from the UK's photographs, will probably be subjected to a great deal of additional noise. I think these rooms are club floor rooms, but I'd stay away from this part of the building during construction. Be forewarned and request something higher up, or overlooking 43rd street. -Take my review and recommendations with a grain of salt, please. Happy traveling!  
<Date>Jan 5, 2006
<Rating>4	1	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>GSP67
<Content>Westin Times Square - consistently a favorite Recently stayed at the Westin Times Square for a couple of days after Christmas. Having stayed there before with my wife and our daughter, the Westin is consistenty a favorite of ours as a resut of its excellent location, spacious rooms, courteous staff, cleanliness and heavenly beds. I recommend the Westin Times Square for any and all persons whose intention it is to frequent the Times Square attractions. In addition, the Times Square subway station is one short block away for a quick trip downtown. By comparison to other Times Square area hotels that we have stayed, the Westin Times Square is our favorite.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location We stayed at the westin just before christmas, it was lovely, and couldnt have been in a beter location! The staff were helpful and friendly, and the doormen were always outside to call you a cab. The only negative point was that our heavenly shower was not that heavenly as only one of the shower heads worked. Other than that i could not fault the hotel, i would definately stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>gamom
<Content>Perfect! We stayed at the Westin for 3 nights Through New Years Eve. I had read all the comments and had some concerns. Well I have to say We had a fantastic stay. The Bellman as we drove up could not have been more helpful or friendly . When we went up to check in we were told it would be an hour befor the room was ready. No problem we had lunch at Shulas it was very good and the room was ready when we returned. A corner room (not requested) on the 29th floor with Panaramic views with windows all the way around the room including the bathroom. We could see the river, times square and the empire states bldg. Also the wonderful Paramount Bldg.The beds were very comfortable and the room clean. Everyone we encountered at the hotel during our stay were very helpful and pleasant. We found the hotel to be a good choice. Keep in mind a smile goes a long way!  
<Date>Jan 2, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>OK Hotel, Thought it was going to be Great because of the WESTIN name We just returned from a six night stay at the Westin Times Square. The Hotel is in a very good location, though staff doesn't seem to follow directions very well. I placed the do not disturb placard on my door and found out that housekeeping and guest services still entered the room. When checking-in, we were denied any special requests. The rooms are quite spacious and the bathroom was quite big. BEWARE: Do not take any items out from the mini bar even if you do not intend to eat or drink them, you will still be charged. I removed to beverage itmes to place some medication that needed to be refridgerated and was charged 15.00. After repeated calls to clear the charge it was never done. Overall an ok place to stay.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2006
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great location This was our first trip to new york, this hotel was right in the heart of times square, fantastic rooms very modern and the beds were fantastic! The bathroom was clean and im very fussy so for me to say that they must be ok. As its location made it easy to discover new york with regular pit stops back in the room which is needed after all the shopping!!!Did not use any of the restaruants in the hotel as it was quite upper class and we did not fancy dressing up so we spent our evenings in hard rock cafe and planet hollywood which are 2 mins walk away so fine for us. We would definatly come here again, and recommend it!  
<Date>Jan 2, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Peppersmum
<Content>westin is ok;doesn't blow my socks off i would agree with several previous reviewers. this is a nice hotel in a central location w/great access to subway  buses. we stayed here with SPG points. our room was on the 42nd floor. it was clean, not spotless, and it was quiet (we did not open window). the beds were comfortable, the room large for NYC rooms and the bathroom spacious as well. we did not eat on property. there are starbucks, au bon pain, and europan all over the place for breakfast. check-in at the SPG counter was not welcoming. had to call housekeeping every day for water glasses, face cloths, that sort of thing. the entire staff seems overwhelmed by the volume of customers.if you're looking for personalized service you're not going to find it here, but we had a fine time.we rely on trip advisor when selecting hotels so we were not surprised by anything at this westin  
<Date>Dec 31, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>icclebug
<Content>Heaven!       Bedroom  
<Date>Dec 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Edye
<Content>heavenly bed, everything else fine Westin's beds continue to rate high on comfort factor, and after long walks in NYC, that's a good thing. Plusses to this hotel are the newness of everything - not your old fashioned closet sized NYC hotel room. Good shower, large bathroom, nice tv. Club floor food was particluarly so-so on weekends, but suddenly improved on a Monday, not sure why. Asked for quiet room and got it, request east view for quiet. Generally speaking, hotel is large and impersonal, but so is NYC! No complaints, would stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it!! We just returned from a 4 night stay at the Westin Times Square and it was absolutely wonderful. The staff was very courteous and helpful to us seeing as it was our first trip to NYC. The hotels location is perfect; one block off of Times Square. The room was spacious and we were given the choice of the 20th floor with a view of the city or a 22nd floor room that overlooked the river. I highly recommend this hotel. A bit pricey, but worth it for the convenience and hospitality.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LAURIELLN
<Content>Great Location.Modern Decor ! This was my first time in NYC. I chose the Westin because I stayed at a Westin in Maui, Hawaii. The rooms at the Westin in NYC were better than the rooms in Maui !! Modern Decor, including stainless steel sinks and shelves in bathroom. Front desk personel were friendly, but the doormen at the front of the hotel seemed bothered by my question on where to park. They ignore you when walking in  out, not even a smile, and they never offered to hold the door for me while I was trying to get into the hotel with my luggage. The Westin offers validated parking at a private lot across the street for $25.00/day.....vs the $48.00 they were asking to valet our car. We parked across the street and walked to our hotel, luggage and all ! Very easy. Other than unfriendly consierge and doormen, Westin was clean and I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bloomsday16
<Content>Terrible Experience: not up to Westin Standards at all! I stayed here largely because I travel a lot and have a bunch of Starwood points, which I used for this stay. I stayed in the highest class of room, on a Club Floor, and let me tell you this is the WORST WESTIN I have EVER stayed at. I was on the 10th floor and could clearly hear horns honking and sirens blaring as if I had the windows open and was on the first floor. I did not sleep at all the entire four nights I spent here because of the noise. (They don't mention that they are adjacent to the Port Authority, which is the source of much of this noise, and they certainly didn't build this hotel with the amount of insulation that this location requires.)The service was terrible, the food stinks, and it's expensive for what you get. Don't stay at this hotel and expect a typical Westin, because you will be sorely disappointed.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not as heavenly as Westin should be I stayed here for work for three nights. Upon arriving there was a stain on my heavenly comforter, which was promptly taken care of when requested. My towels were old and scratchy. Overnight dry cleaning did not arrive when I was told and when it finally arrived it was not very clean and had to be sent back for yet another day. I have come to expect being taken care of at Westin. I felt like I was the one constantly taking care of these issues during my stay.The saving grace is that the location is great. Just around the corner from all of the craziness that is Times Square so there's a bit of quiet while still being in the middle of everything.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>AJW
<Content>Nice hotel , customer service could be better THis is my second stay in the Westin . First time was Dec 2004, I didn't have a bad word to say . This time was a little different , hotel overall still great but customer service was a little lacking. We got married in New York on 11th November and stayed in the hotel from 8th November for 6 nights. We booked through Virgin holidays and paid for a king deluxe room (which I believe is the standard room). We are starwood preferred guest and told them about our wedding and honeymoon . We checked in fairly late on the 8th , around 10.30pm. ON check the receptionist told us there were only twin rooms available, we stated that we had asked for a king (after all it was a special occasion!!). She searched the computer and told us we had no choice but to have a twin that night and be chnaged the following day. THis was not an option for us, I said that if this was unavailable surely there was something she could do for us. Miraculously she found a king and we checked in. I didn't expect a red carpet but considering the occasion , there were no nice extras, not evening any words of congratulation. We have been to New York 7 times , the best hotel I have stayed in is the Crowne Plaza in Times square (club level) they couldn't do enough for you.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>beccarod2
<Content>Not great I reserved a room for 3 nights through the Starwood website which tells you it is reserving the room based on your starwood preferences. My preference is non-smoking. When we check in, they send us to a room that smells like smoke. When I return to the front desk, the very unfriendly and unhelpful lady at the front desk tells me that I reserved a smoking room and that all she can do for us is to put us in a non-club level floor, (we paid for a club level floor room) non-smoking room. She did not listen to me when I explained that it was not possible that I reserved a non-smoking room. She just kept repeating in a very rude tone that I reserved a smoking room. She had to go do something else so a young man took over and when he saw on our reservation that we were celebrating our anniversary he gave a us a spa room with a king bed including club room privileges (so obviously she could have done more). The stay turned out to be fine but you should know going in that the hotel staff can be unfriendly and downright rude. DEFINITELY double check your reservation with a live person over the phone before you arrive at the hotel. I now know not to book through the SPG website and expect it to be accurate.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2005
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>siouxzy
<Content>Outstanding Stay in a Convenient Location! We stayed at the Westin Times Square November 22-24 while in NYC to see the 2005 Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade; I found a great deal on an Executive Club Level room through Expedia. The location was outstanding! I've stayed at many hotels in NYC  this was probably the best stay I've had. The hotel is located right in the heart of Times Square, 2 subway stops are less then half a block away which is very convenient. The staff that we encountered were all very professional  pleasant (no one hinted at being tipped as mentioned in some of the other reviews. However I recently noticed that an unauthorized $10 tip was charged to my credit card which I plan to look into.) Since it was Thanksgiving week, at check-in we were given a packet of information about the Macy's parade, other events in the area  some of the big stores' holiday hours which was nice. The hotel elevators were very fast, we never had to wait for one. Our room was very spacious, comfortable  clean, with modern decor  a live plant on the desk, a Bose radio/CD player on the night stand  a bathrobe; 2 bottles of imported water, Starbucks in-room coffee  a morning newspaper were provided complementary each day. One nice room feature was the windows in our room could be opened a bit if you'd like some outside air or want to bask in the sounds of NYC for a moment without leaving your room. The Heavenly bed was just that, VERY heavenly! The Heavenly shower was also nice with extra room, dual shower heads  deluxe cotton towels. The evening turn down service was a nice touch complete with chocolates on the pillow  a little card stating the next day's weather forecast. The complimentary breakfast was fine, it consisted of the usual coffee, juice, bagels, Danish  cereal. We didn't get a chance to take advantage for the complimentary hors d'oeuvres in the evening because we were out  about. There is an AMC theatre, Starbucks  a few restaurants connected to the hotel, you can reach them all without stepping outside which was convenient. The Westin tends to be quite pricey for obvious reasons but if you can get a good deal (esp on the Club Level) go for it! I would stay here again  recommend it to others. For a casual lunch or dinner try Viva Pancho @ W. 44th, a good, moderately priced Mexican restaurant that's close by. A good place to catch a bite after the theatre is John's Pizzeria also @ W. 44th. I would also recommend getting tickets to see Avenue Q, Dirty Rotten Scoundrels or Spamalot, we thoroughly enjoyed all of these shows. The TKTS booth is a great (safe/legit) place to get good seats at a discount (they accept cash only); for shows that are sold out try the theatre box office, most of the time a limited amount of SRO seats can be purchased for a fraction of the price as soon as the box office opens but be prepared to stand after walking around the city all day! Have a good stay in NYC!  
<Date>Dec 7, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>beach47
<Content>great base for your trip to nyc My husband, daughter, and I stayed here the week before Thanksgiving and we couldn't have been happier. We stayed in the Club level rooms for 6 nights and were very pleased with our accomodations. The rooms were very spacious (especially considering that we were in NYC), the service excellent, and it was a very clean enviornment with a great location. When we got there the first day, we had two problems. The first was that the shower tub was clogged and the second, that the bathroom door wouldn't close properly. We called the front desk, and within a half hour of our call, both problems were fixed! The room service, as well, was on time. The turndown service was also very accomodating and not a single person in the hotel showed any impatience for any of our requests. Also, the people at the concierge were excellent. They really helped us out with all information that we needed.As for the club level, I'm not sure if it's worth the extra money. I've been told that the rooms are bigger, and if the continental breakfast is all you really need, then I recommend it. However, if you want more in your breakfast (eggs, etc.), then just get it from room service or outside.Overall, this is a very comfortable hotel with an excellent location and easy access to the subway (as well as walking anywhere). It's worth the money for the cleanliness, prompt service, location, and comfort. I highly recommend it.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awful We booked to stay at the Westin under the prefered guests status. It took 45 minutes to check in and as my husband had booked the hotel on my behalf but in my name I was asked if my husband knew that I was there and did I have his permission. Took a further hour for the bags to come to the room. Complaining to the manager was pointless. Suggest the manager and the reception staff take lessons from the bell boys and customer service as they were the only good thing about the hotel. I have now taken up the matter with the starwood group head office.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jlw1013
<Content>Heavenly is right! This was our first stay at a Westin, and it was definitely very close to heaven. The rooms were very clean, and we had a beautiful view of the Hudson river from the 22nd floor. The beds were extremely comfortable as is the trademark of the Heavenly beds. The service was good overall, and breakfast we had was delivered on time and was very tasty. I had to ask for bathrobes which were advertised as part of the room package, but they were delivered promptly. The bathroom door was a pocket metal door with a glass insert panel that slammed shut every time it closed. You could hear the doors shut in the adjacent rooms as well, but overall it was a great experience for Times Square during the Christmas season. The price was jacked up for the Christmas holiday, but you only live once!  
<Date>Dec 5, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>WOW Fantastic Westin Fantastic gorgeous hotel, fantastic location, rooms are spacious and very well equiped. Westin was recommended by colleague who hadn't been to New York but had stayed at other Westins. He said they were fantastic, he wasn't wrong. Will be staying there again when we go back. Their special beds are the best I have ever slept in!!!. Stop looking, just book it, you won't be disappointed!  
<Date>Dec 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>auntie-ellie
<Content>We loved it!! We got married in New York last year and stayed at the Westin as part of our honeymoon - and we loved it. So we decided to return for our first anniversary. I must say we were worried after reading some of the reviews that the hotel was receiving, but we were not disappointed. We love everything about the hotel. We find the staff to be helpful and friendly if approached but they are not 'in your face'. The hotel is perfectly situated for Times Square which is really only around the corner, theatres are all within walking distance and the port authority is only over the road. If you like sports please go to the Continental Arena to see either the ice hockey or basket ball - we really enjoyed it. If you want to go to a show we enjoyed Beauty and the Beast and Chitty Chitty Bang Bang, but last year we saw Lion King and that was absolutely amazing. 'Top of the Rock' is a new attraction but a really a good way to see the city from above. If you want to sit and relax and watch the world go by then Central Park is the ideal place. Depending on what time of year you go The Rockettes Christmas Show at Radio City Hall is also excellent. The Westin is located in a very busy part of New York, but what we liked about it was that we could go out at night and feel safe to walk around. New York is brill - you will love it - we did.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mauilovin
<Content>Perfect location, spectacular views We stayed here during the Thanksgiving holiday and were pleasantly surprised. We've stayed at other hotels in Manhattan, namely the Marriott and expected to be in cramped quarters or a glorified closet but this hotel is surprisingly lovely. My husband used his Starwood points so we stayed free. Our room was on the 39th floor overlooking the Hudson. This section is reserved for Starwood guests so I'm not sure if the other rooms are similiar but this room was fairly spacious (rare in NYC) and very modern. Check in was a breeze and the elevators with the headline news playing are a nice touch. Despite the holiday, valet service, and checkin were both extremely attentive and fast. The only issue- the foam pillows taking several hours to arrive in our room but the manager apologized and explained they were very busy. The best part of the trip was the surprisingly close access to the Macy's Day Parade. We were only one block away from the action and the crowd was very manageable, plus we could see the highlights on the big screen at TimesSquare. We were also within walking distance of all the great sites and the walk back to the hotel from The Color Purple on Broadway was quick and very romantic. This hotel is a great find on Broadway and we'd definitely stay here again. The only trouble we had was finding a cab, but that's to be expected in Manhattan.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>memsdebby
<Content>Not up to Westin Standards - Not even close I just returned from a one night stay at the Westin in Times Square on November 25. I am usually a loyal Westin traveller and I chose this hotel because it is a Westin even though I have had mostly very positive experiences in NYC at other hotels. Things that I found lacking were: Location - They claim to be in Times square but they are really a full block off of the square. The hotel lobby is uninspired and is a full story above street level. Bell Service - No Bell hop arrived to help us unnload our car or valet park. I had to eventually go inside to find someone to give my keys to and ended up hauling the luggage out of the trunk myself with one of their carts. Also, getting my car out of the valet parking was a 45 minute ordeal once we were ready to leave. The parking rate is $45.00/day which is higher than many comparable hotels. Escalators/Eelvators - The main lobby escalator was broken during both days of our stay. Elderly people were having to struggle with their luggage down the broken escalator with a line of people pressing them from behind. There was a separate elevator to use but it was not clearly marked and no one knew where to find it. Also, I overheard one woman say that the upper floor elevators were malfunctioning and that it had taken her family 1 1/2 hours to get downstairs on Saturday morning because they could not get an elevator - even after calling the front desk to complain. There were many irritated people milling about the bell stand. Our room was not ready at the 3pm check-in. They told us to come back at 4:15. We ended up waiting in the lobby for about an hour. They gave us a free drink coupon for the bar which was closed so we never got to use it. They also tried the old smoking/non-smoking bait and switch. I reserved a non-smoking room but even with my confirmation number they still tried to put me in a smoking room. The room included complimentary breakfast and appetizers but the appetizers did not begin until 6pm. This makes it impossible for anyone to get any use out of this feature if they are attending the theatre unless they don't want dinner first. Also, the room was very crowded and dirty and there was no place to sit with your food. The beds were nice as usual. I am really not usually a complainer but I resent paying $450 per night to get treated this way. I know this is not typical of Westins and I know it was a holiday weekend, but I will not stay there again. For my money, I will stay at the Marriot Marquis, or even the Courtyard for goodness sakes. I hope they get their act together.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2005
<Rating>2	1	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>drtwnbys
<Content>Great time at the Westin We booked this hotel last minute after cancelling at the Sheraton due to problems with our reservation. The rate was actually less at the Westin and was a much nicer hotel. Rate was 295 over Thanksgiving week. The hotel is newer, and we were upgraded to the 41st floor as a starwood preferred member. The room was clean and was as picuted on their web site. The check in and check out were without problems. The hotel is conveniently located. I would definitely recommend staying here again.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Parrothead_at_heart
<Content>Nice, but not for the price! We stayed one night for an Anniversary. Maybe that's what 4 Stars in the city costs, but it was not worth it. The Heavenly bed was nice (!?!), the Heavenly bath was sparse (I liked the bowed shower curtain, didn't care one way or the other for the dual shower heads). The bathroom was steel and marble, and not comfortable at all. ...and it is interesting to here I wasn't the only guest surprised by the single bathrobe. The Front Desk staff was efficient, but not friendly or helpful. And the opening window?!? It opened about 1 1/2 inches, so you didn't get much air. Noise, oh yeah, but not air.Would I stay again? Well, it was convenient to all the tourist stuff, and Shula's was good, but I'm going to have to find a real bargain price before I go back...  
<Date>Nov 27, 2005
<Rating>3	1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>bennec
<Content>livley base to explore from stayed here for 5 nights. Staff professional and helpful at all times. We had no probs with the housekeeping and the room was cleaned at the right time for us. We left at 9 and returned at 5pm. Found the bed and robe great.We did not use the hotels restaurant but ate breakfast each day at Pax just nearby, Great value and choices. It seemed very natural to go out to eat, try Johns for pizza at night, but lots of local places to eat at a range of prices. Location was busy due to Thanksgiving and parade but once off Broadway things a bit quiter. As one New Yorker said half of England had joined half of America.May stay a littleway off Times Sqaure next time.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>AtlantaDoll
<Content>Great hotel! Stayed here for three nights in mid-October to attend a conference. Beautiful, comfy, clean room. What you'd expect from a Westin. Terrific location. (I don't usually give anything a rating of 5, so the 4 I'm giving here is no negative reflection on the hotel.) I'd very likely stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>jpsanpedro
<Content>Impersonal and practical The Westin Times Square is very big and almost completely impersonal. The location -- near the weirdest, most impersonal part of NYC, Times Square -- is frustrating. Everything costs lots of money.But our recent stay was terrific, because:- The room (Executive Club King) was HUGE, with windows that open.- The decor had a minimalist feel, which is actually quite calming after all the chaos of the outside world- There's tons of free amenities, including a mini-fridge they'll bring up to your room- It's a practical space -- big desk, cordless phone, etc.- The Executive Club amenities -- free breakfast, free water in room, free workout room -- made life much easier- The Times Square location is very convenient for subwaysOn another note:The heavenly bed was a big disappointment. Couldn't hold a candle to the bed at the SF Argonaut Hotel (let alone our bed at home.) The Heavenly Bath was, as another reviewer said, basically just two showerheads. Whee. (Not even a detachable showerhead? C'mon.)In short, it's a great business hotel. For a vacation, I'm not so sure.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Irishprincess2
<Content>Westin's are the best We spent 4 nights at the Westin in Times Square the first week of Oct to celebrate my sister's 50th birthday. The room was perfect, best view of the city overlooking the Hudson River. The conceirge was the best I have ever dealt with (her name was Melanie) from flowers to champagne to suggestions for dinner and activities she gets my highest admiration. The heavinly beds are more than heavnily. The food at the Don Shula's Steak House, the best. The hotel bar was fun, drinks great and snacks some of the best without having to pay for them. We were within walking distance to almost everything. Did all the tourist things, carriage ride in Central Park, saw 2 fabulous shows and ended our stay with a supurb dinner cruise on the Hudson River circling the Statue of Liberty before returning to that heavinly bed. Its worth the trip, and Westin Hotel is worth the money.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BigAppleTraveler02
<Content>Great beds but..... Just returned from a 3 night stay at the Westin. Room was clean and comfortable-- Heavenly Bed was great and view of the Empire State Bldg fabulous. Bathroom was terribly small for 2 people and I do not understand why they provide only 1 robe. Slept late a couple of mornings and had to request the daily maid service.Not my favorite location in NYC. Convenient to shows if that is your primary interest. Otherwise area is very crowded/touristy and probably will not stay there again. To the reviewer who had a problem with the noise level in the bar--you have got to be kidding! It's a BAR--not a conference room. Next time, book a meeting room and let the other patrons to enjoy themselves.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would stay there again The room was very nice and clean - large for NYC standards. It was very quiet, despite the location. The bathroom was fairly small but did have a handy shelf to store all your stuff. The Heavenly Shower was nothing more than a double headed shower with a c-curved shower curtain rod. The bathtub wasn't any larger than normal and the water pressure wasn't exceptional. The bed was comfy, with feather blankets and comforter. One cool thing about the room is that the windows open a crack so you can get some fresh air in the room. There's also a fridge you can stash leftovers if they're small, but not a lot of room for much else. Check-in/out staff was very nice. Bellman were very nice. Hotel is super-convienent to subway stops. Just a block from busy Times Square. Central Park within walking distance.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Matt600
<Content>If you are in need of service and care stay elsewhere!! Staff doesn't know anything about friendliness or service. already had problems on check in with spg platinum status. No special training given to staff about how to honour a loyalty program. staff in bar rude to super rude - asked them to lower their music level as having a business appointment in there was impossible. Result was they called security because I as a guest did misrespect their personality I was told. It went on and on like this. In a new five star hotel worn out bathrobes and only one for two people? How is that? Crappy metal wash basin ( one for two ) - is this inventive? - Amtrak had this already in the 40ies... Well overall a typical New York experience. Tons of money thrown away for nothing but a lot of bad feelings. My recommendation to Westin: reduce your outsourcings and train your staff instead!!  
<Date>Nov 7, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>November 05 at the Westin Stayed two nights in Nov. 05. Room was very nice with Simmons Beautyrest bed that was very comfortable, nice big TV, good bathroom and towels. Only problems were that the safe was locked upon arrival and the maid took the robe on the 2nd night and didn't replace it. Mini bar as usual was very expensive and the place overcharges for things like the heath center and internet. Otherwise a good stay and better than the Millenium.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2005
<Rating>4	2	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>jenneilf
<Content>Fantastic We just got back last night from a stay in New York at the Westin Times Square. IT was Fabulous! LOCATION WAS FANTASTIC! we had great service, wonderful room, not to foget the well known heavenly beds, definitely a must after touring New York! The view was wonderful, both of the city and Times Square below. The subway was right there, so everything was a few steps away. Worth every penny!  
<Date>Oct 31, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Giddy Witch
<Content>Westin - we'd go back We were on our first family trip to New York this October and had a very pleasant stay at the Westin Times Square hotel. It looks modern and is tastefully decorated. Four of us shared a room on the 10th floor, comfortable, clean and yes, their beds were heavenly. Perhaps on a higher floor, traffic noise would be less, but we expected bustle in Manhattan! We didn't use Room Service but the menus looked mouthwatering. One evening we ate at Shula's Steakhouse downstairs, not cheap but delicious. The hotel was close to Times Square in a great location for theatres, places to eat and transport links. The staff always appeared interested and friendly. The hotel is apparently prism shaped, we were able to pick it out easily from the surrounding buildings from the Empire State Building observatory. It is clearly popular with businesses but we felt welcome as a family and would certainly return.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A good choice Visited the Westin for a short break with my wife in November 2004. The hotel has an ideal location on Time Square. Rooms are spacious and clean. Comments in previous reviews about the beds are all true, it was the best bed I have ever slept in - perfect after a day of shopping and sightseeing! The only negative comment I have relates to their bathroom doors. They don't have locks, and didn't even close fully - some guests might find this a problem.Overall, a good choice.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Marky London
<Content>Great room with a great view This was our second stay at this hotel and the service has improved greatly. As a SPG Gold member, we had seperate check in desk, with no wait. We were given a fab corner room on the top floor which was spacious and had fantastic views across the city. The location is great with a subway station underneath the hotel and Times Square just a 2 minute walk away. This is not a 5 star hotel as some other reviews state - but rather a sylish 4 star hotel which is good value for money.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Westin - new and gorgeous We used to live in NYC and returned for a wedding. The Westin is newish, very clean, modern rooms, AMAZING bed. Staff is very polite. Pocket door of bathroom didn't close firmly for privacy but other than that no complaints.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I Love Westin I have stayed in this hotel at least twice. The rooms are surprisingly roomy (this is New York City) and modernly decorated. The staff is courteous and the location is very convenient to theatres, subways, and good eateries. And the gym is bigger than most hotel fitness centers, and clean too!  
<Date>Oct 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jamar70
<Content>We'll be back to Westin Times Square We spent three nights at the Westin last weekend and it was unforgettable. From the time we arrived the staff were all friendly and very helpful, especially the concierge. The only problem was that the room was not ready until 4:00 pm and we had requested an early check in. The room was worth the wait with it's heavenly beds and shower. We will be returning to this hotel on our next trip to New York. The location is great!  
<Date>Oct 15, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BostonBelkin
<Content>Good - but not up to Westin standards Stayed at this hotel October 2 - 9 on business. The hotel is in a great location, only two blocks to Times Square. Everything you need is in walking distance: restaurants, Broadway shows, subway etc... A good location from which to explore the city.Service Service from staff was pretty ordinary. Got the impression that the staff didn't really care that much about guests (this is a 5 star property, and the staff should act accordingly). Everything was performed diligently, but perfunctorily.Heavenly bedThe heavenly bed at the Westin Times Square was also a let down. Ordinarily, the heavenly bed is great. At this property, however, they make the bed with a blanket underneath the fitted sheet. During the night this blanket gets bunched and becomes very uncomfortable. I also found that all the layers of the bed were tucked in too tightly at the end (I felt like George Costanza in the éˆ¥æ¦¦ne tuck, one no-tuckéˆ¥?Seinfeld episode).Inconsistency of standardsI changed rooms during my stay. The second room (despite being the same éˆ¥æ¦™eluxeéˆ¥?style) was missing some amenities that were in the first room (soaps, robes etc), but had other amenities which were not in the first room. This suggests to me that insufficient effort is made to ensure consistency of standards across the hotel. ConclusionThis hotel is big (850 rooms). If you are looking for a personalised and pampered 5 star experience, look elsewhere because you will not find it at this property. I donéˆ¥æª› mind receiving perfunctory service, but not when I am paying 5 star rates. I figure the more you pay, the more you should expect. I would stay at the hotel again, but mainly for its location.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2005
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>neasey
<Content>Loved it!!!!! Went here for my husband's 50th. Hotel staff were so friendly and the young man checking us in gave us a fantastic room on the 37th floor with stunning views of Hudson River and could see Statue through windows on other wall. Room was very clean and just how I imagined it, lovely. What can I say about the bed other than it was huge and soooooooo comfy. They have a catalogue now so you can actually buy one and have it shipped to England, very definitely thinking seriously about that! It is right on Times Square but no noise in room. The location is so central to everything. We were shattered with all the walking but really recommend getting the 48 hour hop-on, hop-off bus pass to all loops, it's the only way to see everything one day and then get off the next day at places you want to explore. Definitely recommend the night loop, being up high on the open top deck gives it all a different feel. Can't wait to go back.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Great Hotel in a Great City We stayed at the Westin in August 2005. The hotel was in a great location, just off Times square and within easy reach of the theatres and some great eating places - Johns Pizza place was just around the corner and it's a must for visitors to NYC. The Hotel has great bedrooms, we stayed in a deluxe room on the 39th floor. All the reviews talked of the heavenly beds and baths, we were not dissapointed, both were excellent and we are still talking about the comfy beds, just like home. Infact we loved the pillows so much that on my return I tracked some down on the net and we now love our own Westin Pillows here in England. a great Hotel, really clean and really helpful staff, we had a problem with our in room safe which was fixed within 5 minutes. excellent place and a must for anyone who likes a nice Hotel in this great City.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Hotel and Location This is a top quality hotel in a wonderful location to view the sights and sounds of New York. From check-in to check-out, the service was superb and the staff were very friendly and knowledgable. We highly recommend this hotel to anybody who wishes to visit New York and requires a suitable base from which to tour the city.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mjk97
<Content>You can't go wrong with this Westin My wife and I stayed here on Sep 16-Sep 19 and would have stayed longer had the rate stayed at weekend deal at $319/nite, a most plain room (I am a last-minute-deal lover. Or lazy per my wife :-). It's got what I'd expect from typical Westin and doesn't surprise you in either good or bad way. I can see that New York is back after 9/11 in a far better way than before, in and around the hotel and most Manhattan area in fact. Safe, fun, convenient and courteous. Nice room (SPG upgrade), cozy bed, excellent view and staff trying to help in any way they can.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great visit to Big Apple Stayed at the Westin Times Square 11-19 Sept 2005. I had seen some very mixed revues and was a little aprehensive. I need not have been. The hotel was great, in an excellent location in the centre of the city.The bed - well it really was heavenly as described. We asked for a fridge for the room and one was supplied (not wanting to open the drinks unit). Excellently located for the sites and the underground. Great visit had previously booked for Chicago (Excellent show) and at the last minute on our final Saturday thought we would like to see Mama Mia (didnt think we stood a chance) but we asked and we got great seats (at a price 150 dollars each) but it was worth it. Thanks Westin, we will come again  
<Date>Sep 27, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>singdancemomma
<Content>We loved the Westin! Just got back from an awesome long weekend in NYC with my daughter. This was a surprise trip for her 13th birthday and I was really stressed about picking just the right hotel for our first mother/daughter trip together. The Westin was awesome! They were offering a buy 2 nights get the 3rd night free package that included a club room. This includes access to the workout room (which we didn't use) and access to the club which included continental breakfast 7 to 11 am and afternoon hors d'oeuvres from 6 to 8pm. The breakfast was plenty for us as we are not big breakfast eaters so the bagles, croissants, cereal and fruit selection with juice and coffee was plenty. It also made her feel very special to be able to have access to the club! We were always running around or seeing a show in the evening so we never got to try the hors d'doeuvres.The bed and shower are heavenly! I had spoken to someone ahead of time to let them know it was her 13th birthday and to please try to make it special for us. When we checked in, we were upgraded to a Junior Suite on the 43rd floor! The conceirge staff is the best and helped us with every little detail. Everyone was so friendly and every request was taken care of quickly! The room was really quite with very little noise from the hall and only the occassional siren sound. We were starting to wonder if we were the only people on our floor! It was great! We never saw the maid but the room was always clean and perfect. Absolutely no problems with the escalators during our 3 nights there. Elevators were quick and it's entertaining to watch CNN on the rides up and down.I can't say enough good things about our experience there! My daughter felt so special and comfy returning to the room to take breaks between shopping and shows! She even fell asleep in the middle of the afternoon on the heavenly bed which is unheard of for a girl her age!If you have children, get tickets to Chitty Chitty Bang Bang as the Hilton Theatre is right next door to the Westin. Also, adults don't miss Wicked. It's the best show in town!There are no views of Times Square from the rooms but I actually preferred seeing the Hudson River and the Statue of Liberty in the distance! Awesome!  
<Date>Sep 27, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Westin We did a whistle stop tour of New York in May 2005. I am generally very fussy about where we stay, so was very apprehensive as I trawled internet sights for the perfect hotel. I came across the Westin and read the reviews and decided that this may be the perfect hotel for us (2 adults and 2 children). I booked direct through the Westin home site and got a rate of $379 + tax for a deluxe room per night. Although I thought this was a bit on the expensive side (you get what you pay for). On making my reservation I requested a corner room and on checkin was pleased to have been allocated a high floor corner room. The view was absolutely fantastic, we could see the Statue of Liberty from our bed (good eyesight required). The room was large by New York standards and the beds were extremely comfortable. The shower was fantastic and when I made a request for extra towels, they were delivered promptly. The staff were friendly and helpful - what more could you ask for..... The lifts were incredibly quick and watching CNN in the lift was a nice touch.The only downside was that the escalator wasn't working on our visit and also the lift from the lobby to reception was sporadic (quite tricky with pushchair).All in all a fantastic trip and I would definately recommend to anyone.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best hotel experience I just came back from a 4 day stay at the Westin in Time Square New York and I have to say that it was one of my best travel experiences. Not only was the hotel beautiful but the staff was very friendly and very acomodating. I would recomend satying at the Westin to anyone that visits New York and I myself look forward to satying there as well  
<Date>Sep 22, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Superb! We have just returned from a fantastic break in NYC staying at the Westin. It was my partner's first visit to the city and what an amazing and superbly loctaed base from which to explore! We had pre-booked tickets for the Lion King at the New Amsterdam Theatre for our first night which we were pleased to find was just around the corner, as was Times Square. In fact, we only got the subway twice the whole stay - once to South Ferry to go to the Statue of Liberty and once to the Natural History Museum. We walked to Macy's, the Empire State, Bloomigdale's, Circle Line Ferry port and Chelsea Piers. We are both young and able bodied but definitely not particularly fit and found it easy to stroll to all of these places from the Westin, even in 90^ heat!!Hotel staff were all friendly and helpful, in particular the bell hops who took care of our bags at no extra charge after we checked out. (Check out was also very easy - they used the details from the card I used to check in and we didn't even need to speak to anyone - just left the key in a drop off box! Simple!)We had dinner in Shula's on our last night - fantastic food but very pricey. Excellent service from the waiting staff.Overall, I would thoroughly recommend a stay at the Westin - fantastic location, geat service and all ran smoothly, without a hitch! We will definitely return if we are fortunate enough to come to NYC again.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best location We stayed at the Westin over night - and booked it on Priceline for $180. The location is the best if you want to go to the theatre. The staff was helpful and friendly - and the hotel is a really cool place to stay. The room we had was average in size - queen size bed - great bathroom and shower - great view of the city. I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>zuberry
<Content>Good stay at the Westin We stayed for three nights on the first leg of our holiday and also for a further night on the return to New York. We had no problems with the hotel at all. We had a junior suite room booked but did have to remind the staff that the queen size sofa bed needed making up for my daughter!. However, the beds were clean and extremely comfortable with a good clean spacious bathroom. Room safe was a bonus and views from our room on the second visit was fabulous (45th floor). We had continental breakfast as part of our stay which was more than adequate. Staff were helpful and the only negative point I would make is that some of the corridors could do with a make over as shabby and in need of a good clean (43rd floor). Location of hotel (in the Theatre district) is not bad either if you do not want to be in the heart of the shops. Obviously Time Square could be reached on foot well under 10 minutes, Central Park on foot only took us just over 30 minutes and we even walked back from Macy's on Herald Square which took a similar time. The subway is just across the road for those brave enough to tackle it (not a problem once you know which train to catch) and the Greylines office for the red open top tour buses is also just across the street and up a couple of blocks (recommended this if you have not been to NY before). All in all a very pleasant stay at the Westin and would not hestitate to stay again.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Swanky Hotel or what!! We stayed here in December 2004 for a 4 day stop and on arrival, looking at the hotel from the outside we were all disappointed as we couldnt see the big blue beam that had been advertised in the Virgin brochure BUT once the doormen got us inside OH WOW!!! The hotel was excellent - the staff were so friendly and went out of their way to serve us. They kept the Steak House open for us until the early hours of the morning whilst all 7 of our family ate excellent steaks! The breakfasts were fabulous. The beds - oh my - the beds were the best. The TV and all the channels were exceptional. The hotel was spotless. The bathrooms were fantastic and all in all this is one of the best hotels I have ever had the fortune to stay in.The Doormen were outside in all temperatures and it was freezing whilst we were there - hailing yellow cabs like there was no tomorrow. The bar within the Hotel was ultra chic and would we go back - yes - tomorrow if we could afford it!!  
<Date>Sep 8, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Spectacular views and location from the Westin NY We stayed at the Westin New York at Times Square in August 2005 for our Honeymoon in New York. The hotel is one block away from Times Sqaure and in the other direction one block away from the Broadway shows, all in all a fantastic location. Upon arrival we were greeted from the Taxi by Westin Staff with a smile, they collected our bags from the car and took our name to get them sent to the room, we were then able to check in without the hassle of luggage. The bags arrived in our room a couple of minutes after us. When we went to check in we were again greeted by friendly staff who upon finding out it was our honeymoon promised to move us to a corner room the next day for the remainder of our holiday - which was done. I have to say both rooms were spacious, clean and had spectacular views and I would have been happy staying in either room, although the corner room gave you a better landscape of New York and was overlooking the Hudson and the Statue of Liberty.The bed was extremely comfortable and the shower nice and powerful, although the bath is not as comfortable as you would hope for with the description given on the web - minor problems though. We were also able to get tickets to see The Producers from the Hotel ticket desk 2 days after arriving in New York - which saved queuing for hours in Times Square. As with any hotel the bar is outrageously expensive, but with New York on your doorstep who needs it. I thoroughly enjoyed my stay at the Westin and New York and would recommend it to others.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We had a great time We loved our stay at the Westin. We were in New York from July 3rd to 10th for our honeymoon. We do not have any faults with the hotel at all only that the escalators to reception were broken a lot.The hotel is not a long walk away from Times Square as previous reviews have claimed it is simply just around the corner, we are really pleased we chose this hotel as we thought the location was perfect. Our rooms were cleaned every day and towels and toiletries were also replaced daily. The elevators are the fastest I have ever been in, so fast that you are dizzy when you get out of them.You must visit a restaraunt called Bubba Gump Shrimp which is in Times Square, the food is gorgeous (mainly Shrimp) and it's a really fun place to eat. We ate there a few times and I really miss it now I am back home in England.The Bell Boys are really helpfull also, we had a late flight so we stored our cases at no extra charge other than a tip and they also organised a town car for our trip back to the airport so we travelled in a bit more comfort than a yellow cab. We recomend that you use the town cars as they don't cost much more that a regular cab and they are more luxurious. Overall we loved our honeymoon in New York and although we were there a week we still did not see everything so we are definately planning on returning and are definately going to stay at the Westin.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sixpakjoe
<Content>dont look under the bed lovely hotel, just a bit dusty. dont think the chamber maid we had was up to scratch. other than that. lovely hotel.get express bus from newark right across road from it  
<Date>Sep 2, 2005
<Rating>5	4	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Ninja1
<Content>40th Birthday Surprise! Well what can I say! This trip was planned by my husband in total secrecy for my 40th birthday. I had never been to New York before and so didn't know what to expect when we arrived. I couldn't have been more impressed.When we arrived at the Westin, we were attended to by Cesar at reception. We hadn't been allocated a room but he proceeded to offer us a very good room although it was for smokers. We declined that room as we are non-smokers and thought it may smell of cigarettes and he then told us he had a very nice room we could have, number 4109. As it happened it was a very spacious corner room on the 41st floor with fantastic views. We could see the Statue of Liberty from sitting in bed! and also the Sea, Air and Space Museum and the Empire State Building! The room was very spacious and clean as was the bathroom. The bed was spotless and very comfortable, and after a long day travelling, was a very welcome surprise. We made sure we took the time to thank Cesar on our way out of the hotel that evening for his help in finding us such a great room!We could not understand, having read other people's reviews, how they could complain about the staff as we found them to be very helpful and polite. Also we couldn't fault the room as it was absolutely perfect and way above the standard we were expecting.We bought some coffeemate and put it in the mini bar but told the reception staff that we had done so as we understood there was a sensor inside which may register that the fridge had been opened, and also that it had been re-stocked since we had arrived, although we had not used anything from the mini bar. When we checked out this had been noted and we were not charged for items we did not use.The location of the hotel was great - again we could not understand a couple of the reviewers who complained about the trek to Times Square. We were just around the corner to Times Square, Ben  Jerry's and also Pax where we had our breakfast every morning and which we would highly recommend. Obviously everything else was on our doorstep but the list is far too long to write here!We also bought a City Pass which saved us quite a bit of money on the attractions we visited although we couldn't manage all of them as we didn't have enough time to fit them all in during the time we were in New York!Anyway, if you intend staying in New York, we would highly recommend the Westin. Don't be put off by bad reviews as we couldn't fault the hotel or staff and if we ever come to New York again we wouldn't hesitate to use the Westin. :o)  
<Date>Aug 31, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent!       Westin Club  
<Date>Aug 29, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>marcopolo1701
<Content>Style and sophistication Arrived early hours of the morning from Hawaii so tired and jet lagged after a 12 hour flight. Soon perked up though when we saw the hotel!This is a fantastic property for a stay in New York and the Club Floor Rooms are well worth the upgrade. Ours was huge and extremely tastefully furnished - and the Westin Heavenly Bed - well what can we say, it was heavenly!The Heavenly Bath Westin promotes was a little disappointing though after the bed - just a nice hotel bathroom, nothing out of the ordinary.Goes without saying room was very clean and the staff were generally helpful. Location is superb - mid town, just off Times Sqaure and 42nd Street, so close to everything, especially shows and shopping - and the Greyhound Bus Tour stops just round the corner and is well worth the money.Overall great hotel for a stylish stay in this city of all cities.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>1NoPlaceLikeHome1
<Content>Great Location, average hotel The hotel location is fantastic, great for the theatre and within walking distance to shopping at fifth avenue. Check in was quick and the rooms were clean and had all the basic amenities required however the rooms are smaller than one would expect from the Westin.For the price paid, I expected 5 star standard however I was slightly disappointed. I have experienced better quality at other Westin hotels. The hotel up escalator was out of service the entire 6 day stay which was very inconvenient as the lift service from street level to the lobby was limited.Overall I loved New York but the hotel was average if you are expecting the Westin quality.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ausmos4999
<Content>Fantastic place to stay!!! We stayed 4 nights (8/17/05-8/21/05), and could not have asked for more. We got there over 3 hours prior to our check-in time, but they had a room ready for us. We were on the 33rd floor and the view was great. We could barely hear the noise from outside.The room was very clean, and spacious. The bed was the most comfortable I have ever been in. They had maps and guides of NYC in the room. This was a nice touch for us, since this was our first time to the city. The bathroom was very clean, and the shower was fantastic! The only complaint about the room was that the shower and bed were so nice, that it was hard to leave the room!The concierge was a huge help. They took care of everything we asked of them. They made reservations, suggested places to eat, and helped us figure out which trains to take on the subway...and they were very pleasant in helping us with these things. The location is perfect. It is less than a block from broadway musicals, a little less than a block from Times Square. We were able to walk to Central Park in 10-15 minutes, and we walked to the Empire State Building in about 15 minutes. There is a subway station 1 block away. We were out late at night around the hotel and felt very safe. When leaving, the staff carried our bags for us, and they were able to get us an affordable ride to the airport.We will definitely stay here every time we go back to NYC. It was well worth the price. We were going to stay at a cheaper hotel, but we are glad we didn't. After seeing most of the other hotels near Times Square, there is nothing that even compares to the Westin.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice room. Pleasant stay. My brother and I stayed here. His room was cramped but I had a corner room and it was great. No complaints. Happy to recoomend it to anyone. The location is also very convenient as it is located right in the heart of the theater district.The beds were comfortable and the baths were well equipped. There was a long wait for check-in and the folks at the counter were a little huffy. We forgot some clothes in the room and we called them later. Security got the all to us in good condition. Overall, a very good experience.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>jenniemartin
<Content>Close to Times Square and huge room!! Stayed at the Westin Times Square Aug 12 - 15 2005 and had no complaints at all! We got there at 10:00 AM and they got us right into a room!! The room was spacious and clean and the bed was sooo comfy! After a hard day of walking and shopping, falling into a soft comfy bed was the perfect ending to a perfect day!! The shower was huge and lots of water pressure! Never heard the street below or the neighbors!! The hotel is less than a block away from Broadway and right around the corner from the subway! One day we walked to Pier 83 to catch the circle cruise and it only took us 15 or so minutes to get there. I would highly recommend staying here!  
<Date>Aug 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place!               
<Date>Aug 15, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>trellis2
<Content>Great Hotel, some surly staff       Outside the Hotel "back" door  
<Date>Aug 13, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not fantastic, but very nice indeed I liked this hotel. But be warned: it's not really at Times Square, it's at the end of a long street leading to it. So, if you're out at night, you're best to take a cab back. Having said that, it's worth the extra effort to stay there.My first night I did not get my confirmed room...I was given one that had just been put back into service...so it had no blinds, and I had to sleep on a fold out bed. Awful night's sleep. Awful.They made up for it the next 3 nights with a beautiful corner room with king size bed. Fantastic. Nice robe, good layout, very quiet, I could go on all day about the Westin Heavenly bed...I ate at the hotel restaurant almost every morning for breakfast. Fantastic service, great food. There is also very good security - after a certain hour you have to show your room card just to get into the lobby - I liked that. There is no pool, but there is a small work out room that was very well equipped. I used it for one day, but please note you are charged extra (there is a reduced fee if you want to use it for a week).The one thing really lacking about this hotel is housekeeping. No matter what I called them for - they just could not get it right. My first turn-down request was ignored completely. When i called the second night (at 6 p.m.), they told me no problem - then called back to say none was available. I'm doing somebody a favour by writing this - but don't use the phone. One 15 second phone call to L.A. where I said Hi, it's me. I'm in room 1412, call me back cost me $23.00....I imagine that's common pricing among big chain hotels in the Big Apple (it's also happened to me in L.A.), but still - it's ridiculous. Use your cell.I would stay there again. The convention I attended was at the Marriott and that really was located at Times Square - but it was a mess. Three or four escalators just to get to the lobby - and half the elevators weren't working. Fantastic view from the top of the Marriott's revolving restaurant but only go if you're on business - there's an expensive cover charge just to get a drink (I think it was $9.00 per person plus your order. They only waive it if you're staying there).If you expect pretty good service and a comfortable bed, you won't go wrong here.Regards,GT  
<Date>Aug 7, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>modern??? The location of the Westin is fabulous, the subway is right around the corner, and you are in walking distance from many things. The bed was very comfortable and the double shower head was very relaxing. Upon arriving though, we requested non smoking and were put in smoking (it smelled terrible), the escalator worked one minute and didn't the next, and there was NO counter space in the bathroom. The staff did give us a bottle of Febreeze for the room but this was a far cry for help. And last the hotel is supposed to be very modern furnishings, to me it just looked old, the door was orange with black flooring and the chairs were orange velvet mixed in with black and gray, not to my liking. All in all the location is almost worth these little things  
<Date>Aug 5, 2005
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>fsufan
<Content>Highly recommended! Stayed here with 3 friends for a girls weekend. Have stayed in NYC hotels before and this room was HUGE for NYC standards. The beds were nice, but the bathroom was FABULOUS! Shower has double heads...maybe the nicest shower I've ever been in! Only complaint was that it didn't drain well. Also agree that the escalator was out of order several times during our 3 night stay, but elevators worked fine. Subway station is right outside the door...literally. Very convenient for getting around. Was able to walk to theater and to major dept. stores (Barney's, Bloomingdales), a 24 hr McDonalds is around the corner (dangerous after a night of drinking), an outlet of John's Pizzeria is also one block over. Would stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Lightsabre
<Content>Great Hotel! Would stay again! Spent 4 days in NYC. The Westin is great! The room is nice, the bed is heavenly. Since we spent all of our time in the city, I can't comment on the food, the services or extras, but it's centrally located and close to everything. We were able to get great seats to Wicked from Melanie, who manages the Westin's theater desk. They were pricey, but it beat standing in line at TKTS for 2 hours. We would use the Westin again!BTW, I recommend HURA, a sushi place just up 43rd from Westin near 7th.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Shopaholics
<Content>this place was WONDERFUL!!!!!!!!!! A friend and I flew to NYC for a long week end for some shopping. The last time we stayed at a national chain, and it was a dump. I read reviews on trip advisor and that is how we picked the Westin Times Square. It was GREAT.You never wait on an elevator, our room was ready for check in at 11am, the luggage was up in our room with in 5 minutes, GREAT LOCATION!!!!!! Subway right outside the door. The heavenly bed and baths are just that, heavenly. You could hear people as they passed in the hall if they were laughing, but it did not bother us.A plus is the Europan that is next door, it is a deli type shop that has wonderful pastries, paninis, and salads, and is open 24 hours.As we were waiting on our shuttle to the airport, we talked to Patrick and he was so friendly, just another example of the terrific staff.We are planning another trip (as soon as we save up some spending money) and we will be staying at the Westin and telling everyone else about it.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>larryb78
<Content>My favorite in all of NYC I was first introduced to the Westin about two years ago when it was the hotel i was given on a priceline bid. Three stays later, I have never ever been disappointed. The Westin, from top to bottom, is a top notch hotel. I have never waited more than five minutes to check in, or to receive any other service at the hotel for that matter. All staff members have been super friendly. There are separate elevators for the higher floors that speed right past the lower ones. The rooms are just amazing. Decent size for NYC, and the beds are beyond comfortable. The heavenly bed is truly that. I could easily stay in one of those beds  never move again.I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a great place to stay in the heart of Times Square.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MeekoOrangePark_FL
<Content>Great Hotel for Getting around NY We booked this hotel in a last minute package to NY over the 4th of July weekend.I was a little scared after reading some of the other reviews. This turned out to not be the case. We checked in right after noon and our room was ready. The room was clean and very modern looking. We were right by an elavator shaft I think so we did hear that a little. Nothing to complain about though.I also liked that in the evening they asked to see your room key before they let you go up the escalators. This was a nice safety feature.The location was great to be able to walk anywhere you wanted to go. There was also a Subway entrance right around the corner also. I would stay there again any time.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The best ever The hotel was beautiful inside and out. The food scrumptiousand the delivered on time.The front desk agent was sweet and kind. The Housekeepers were pleasent and friendly.(Max) my dog loved his bed.We both overslept due to comfort.Will definatley return ...........SOONBest in at Westin !  
<Date>Jul 24, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jclc1213
<Content>Great Hotel - Terrible Escalators!! Girlfriend and I went for a weekend trip to NYC. Checkin was pleasant with Candice and were upgraded using SPG points to a club room. The morning continental breakfast is worth the upgrade. The rooms were very clean, retro and modern and spacious, although we have nothing to compare them to b/c we did not see regular rooms. We did not have a remote when we got there, ordered one and it did not work - they promptly brought another. The executive club hours are limited in the evenings and the appetizers aren't that great anyway but you can hydrate (alcohol is more $$). The exec. club on the 8th floor is run by pushy and unfriendly people that look to be seeking tips!! However, the rest of the staff in this hotel is awesome - not sure why the prior bad reviews. Everything is great about this hotel but the dreaded escalator problem that we read about before we went. We went through the theater to arrive and had to carry bags up broken escalators. We were relieved when we looked over and saw that the front escalators were working. However, within a day one escalator was inoperable and then the other the next day. This is terrible - there is one small elevator and it is no fun to run up more stairs after you have been walking all day. It is perplexing that this escalator problem continues on and on and it is a definite strike on the hotel. So, if you don't mind climbing stairs or if they fix the escalator problem once and for all, I would highly recommend this hotel. It is convenient and reasonably priced. The corner rooms are not feasible, however, as others recommended, b/c they only have studio beds. If u are government employee, Starwood is best!!!  
<Date>Jul 21, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>zoomer81
<Content>Great stay at the Westin! We stayed at the Westin for 3 nights in July and were extreemly pleased with the hotel and the location, right next to Times Square. We were able to check in early and asked for a high floored room, which we got, 35th floor with great views. Although the hotel is close to Times Square it was not overly noisy or busy. If returning to the hotel at night use the rear entrance, next to the cinema and the Starbucks, its safer at night. The room itself was very clean and we really liked the modern design and the bathroom, both of which were a good size. The bed and shower were so heavenly that it was almost impossible to get out of either in the morning! Good selection of toiletries in the room and the starbucks coffee machine was great, coffee/sugar was refilled every day.There were only two minor negative points about this hotel, the escalators and the bellman! The escalators never ever worked, luckily its only 1 flight up before you take the lifts to your room, the lifts were very fast. So fast in fact that they make your ears pop!!! The bellman at the front door was the rudest man that we met in New York, desperate for tips, he even asked us for a tip before he stored our bags!!! Overall a super stay at this clean, cool and convenient hotel! We would definitely stay here again :)  
<Date>Jul 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't believe everything you read! My husband and I have just returned from a stay at The Westin New York and found everything about it amazing. I had read many of the reviews prior to our trip and was concerned about the standard of service we would receive but we needn't have been worried!We checked in late evening and asked if they had any corner rooms, the response was they had none available that night but could move us the following day for the rest of our stay which was fine with us. Our first room was fine, clean and had everything it should. The following day we were out until late afternoon and we called at reception to check if our new room was ready and they'd moved all our luggage and it was ready and waiting. We had been moved to a corner room on the 44th floor....you really couldn't ask for a better room with a view. You could see the Statue of Liberty, the empire state and you looked straight down onto Times Square! It was a fantastic room...the corner rooms definately have more windows and are slightly bigger. We had room service a couple of times which was delicious and always very prompt. We never experienced a rude member of staff and we thoroughly enjoyed our time at the Westin!  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>GlobalQueen
<Content>If you like to be pampered... stay somewhere else! I stayed here with several friends over a weekend. The check in process was a nightmare. They would not permit me to check in despite having a confirmation with my name on it! My friend made the reservation and requested that my name be added to the reservation. Despite having written confirmation, my name evidently did not appear on the screen that the vapid reception clerk saw. Later, when the rest of the party arrived to check in, we were told that our request for adjoining rooms which had been confirmed would not be possible and we would have to have a king bed, rather than two doubles and a cot for the room. We agreed to this and then they made us change rooms after one night! The first room had an inoperable telephone, no remote, no towels, no robe, etc. It was like pulling teeth to get any kind of service out of the staff. The room appeared worn and the cold black slate flooring was not appealing. The crappy metalic stand in the bathroom for amenities missed the mark on an attempt to appear trendy and practical. For the price of the room at this hotel, I would much rather stay somewhere else next time, but in the same vicinity.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>3	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Scolsie
<Content>Great Hotel/ Great location Myself and girlfriend stayed at The Westin at the end of Feb, it was our first time to NY and wanted somewhere special, we weren't dissapointed. When we arrived we did ask for a corner room but the only one they had was on the 15th with not much of a view, so we opted for a room on the 30th floor which we were well happy with. We did stay for breakfast in the hotel on the first morning but found that whilst it was very nice, it was a tad expensive so used to dine in the mornings at the excellent Europan cafe just around the corner. Our room was clean, the bathroom also and the shower was great. The ony gripe that we would have was that we had two double beds rather than one larger bed, it was a bit tight for the two of us, the beds were comfortable though. At the end of our stay we were able to store our luggage as we were catching a later flight which was handy. I did feel a bit dissapointed when it came to checking out, the reception desk didn't seem to be flourished with staff so took a while. When we did check through our bill at reception we'd had a $60 bar tab added, which wasn't ours as we didn't go to the bar once. The guy on reception didn't convince me that he believed me that it wasn't ours though, he said we will investigate and if the bill is yours then it will be charged to your credit card. I recommend The Westin and hope to return again next year.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>JWBCastroValley
<Content>Nice hotel in great location Stayed here from July 3-8. Before my trip, I had contacted the hotel to voice my concerns about the postings I had read on Trip Advisor. The manager at the hotel was very good about contacting me by email before my arrival to assure me that our stay would be good.Uponour arrival on a Sunday, we were put in a corner room on the 43rd floor. What a gorgeous view. Could not have asked for a better location, except that the room was a little small, so we asked if we could be moved to a larger room since we are Starwood Gold members. We were moved to a room on the 15th floor which was definitely larger, but had no view to speak of. The hotel made us VIP's so we had club level access as well as fitness club access at no additional charge. The club lounge had continental breakfast and evening hors d'oevres. I've been at club level at The Ritz Carlton and it is much better than the Westin, but not bad. It would be nice if they had some different things each day and had some desserts in the evening.Things were fine until Wednesday, when upon returning to our room in the afternoon, we were surprised to find that our room had not been cleaned. I called downstairs to ask that the room be cleaned. I was told that it would be taken care of right away. When we returned a few hours later, I was shocked to fine the room still uncleaned. I quickly phoned the manager who assured me that the room would be clean immediately. It's unfortunate that I had to call a manager in order to get my room cleaned. Somebody obviously dropped the ball.On Thursday morning, I was surprised to find an express checkout bill, since I was not checking out until Friday. I called the front desk and verified that they had me scheduled for one more night. They did indeed, so I am still not sure why I was given a bill one day early.On our last day, I received a checkout bill for the rate of one night's stay minus 50% since I am a Gold member. The problem here is that I booked all five nights using Starpoints, so I should not have been charged at all. I had to take time to go to the frontdesk, go over my bill with them, have them call Starwood and try to clear the situation up. After about 45 minutes we got it cleared up. The man at the frontdesk, Luis, was very patient and nice throughout the whole time. Staff at the hotel were all good. Housekeeping could have been better about replacing toiletries when used up, such as shampoo. Also, getting laundry bags was difficult. They never gave us new bags even though they could see that we used up the bags that were initially given to us.All and all, a very nice stay. I don't know if it would have been as good if I had not contacted Starwood Hotels beforehand. Would I stay here again, yes.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>sensasianl
<Content>Great location, hit-or-miss service       View from "foyer" to the room, bathroom on the right.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>yvetteski
<Content>Not as bad as previous posts, but expected more for the $ The pros of this hotel are: its location, room size and the mattress. It also never seemed very crowded, which made it seem more relaxing as the streets were filled with teeming masses of 4th of July revelers.The cons were many. We checked in after 6 PM, but waited in line for at least 15 minutes. ( I agree with previous posters who note that the hotel is not well staffed. ) I reserved a king bed non-smoking room via the Internet and re-confirmed twice via the telephone before arrival. When I arrived they had the reservation as smoking. I stated emphatically that my allergies and asthma required a non-smoking room, The desk clerk nonchalantly said that she couldn't guarantee a king bed. As my 6'8 husband was standing next to me I stated that the king bed was important as well. Luckily, she found one but when we got to the room it had not been cleaned. We were rushing to catch a performance- (Drumstruck- audience participation African drumming- great for kids and those with high noise tolerance) So we had no idea about what we would come back to. As it happens they gave us a room with a view of the Hudson river which was nice.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>colecole2
<Content>Not Bad! I got there early at 10:30am and my room was ready. The front desk staff were very friendly and eager to impress. The room was large and if you get a top floor I am sure it has a great view. I was on 19 and the view was not terrific. It is in a great location; a block away from port authority and a block from all of times squares festivities! The show Rent is one street away! The room was clean (I base it on hair found in the tub) but there was some dust in the corners. Bed was comfy and th AC worked well. I would definately stay in this hotel again. Only negative were the bell men. They actually told us to go into the storage and grab our own bag. Granted we did have tickets but it does leave the chance of baggage being stolen. I was expecting awful stuff after reading these reviews so I must say that I was pleasently surprised.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>gym cost of 10 dollars was a bit of a surprise I was given a 46th floor room with a beautiful view looking west towards New Jersey. Needless to say, being at Times Square has its advantages but also its disadvantages--one has to wend one's way through the jungle of people just to get to the hotel. The service was fine except for when I had checked out and I asked to store one small and light valise for a few hours with a baggage storage person who kept hinting ever more loudly that he would not be in later in the day when I was due back to retrieve my bag ie. he wanted a tip. I thought this was a bit offputting. The only other thing that was a bit offputting was use of the excellent gym nicked me of 10 dollars. I think for over 300 a night, this should be offered to guests or at the very list 'gym use for a fee' should be clearly posted on their Westin internet site. Bed was profoundly comfortable as per usual of Westin hotels.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cathdav
<Content>Great Times Square Hotel I absolutely love staying in Times Square so this hotel proved to be great. I found the service excellent and attentive. The beds are comfortable and a great place for a weekend getaway. Close to Broadway shows and shopping. Loved the place and will go back!!!  
<Date>Jun 30, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Hotel in Times Square We were in NYC for business and stayed for the weekend. We really enjoyed the hotel and its accomodations. The rooms have a very modern design. The food was excellent at Shula's Steak House (one of the best filet mignons I had in NYC). The Bar is very trendy with its eclectic atmosphere. Staff is very professional. I particularly liked the concierge staff who helped me with all of our dinner reservations. We used the Fitness room every day. The equipment was very good.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dje
<Content>Avg stay at the Westin... Wow...this was my 3rd stay at the Westin Times Square, and unlike the prior visits, this one was disappointing. Perhaps it was because of the apparent 100% occupancy across the city, but in the end, the service was avg to poor. The reasons:1) Upon checking in, the desk informed me that I had a fax and kindly indicated they would deliver to my room. It never arrived. When I called back, the operator claimed there was no fax and then sternly asked what EXACTLY did the receptionist say. She later figured out that it was at the business center and would have security find and bring it up to me. The kicker...I received a message late that night saying they could not find it and that I needed to call them up again in the AM. Huh?2) The room itself, on a club floor, had an awful odor when I checked in. The A/C was not turned on as usually done to circulate air, which may have caused the problem. When I called Service Express, they indicated that there were no other rooms available! I was there at 5PM and surely not everyone had arrived by that time. They then offered to ozonate the room, which would require me to leave the room for 30 mins. I finally convinced them to also re-clean the bathroom from where the odor seemed to originate. Odor was never fully removed...Beyond the service issues, room itself was still comfortable. Heavenly bed is awesome as always. However, room showed some wear with the furnishings as well. I'm guessing this hotel went under a management change as this experience (3 star at best) was dramatically different from my previous 5 star rating visits. Hope they get back on track as it's been a great property in the past in a great location.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>IanUK72
<Content>Disappointing stay with Highs and Lows Arrived at 2.30 to see if Club Room we had booked was ready, and like many reviews recently it wasn't. Tired as we were, this was OK as check-in time wasn't really until 3pm. 3.05 arrived and I went up again asking if room was ready - after a 5 minute wait I was advised it was not, but as it was a corner room, it would be worth the wait. I was quite OK with this, even above the shouts of other guests who clearly were not, with the same issue. I was also given a voucher for 2 complimentary drinks which was a nice touch - I didn't see any of those handed out elsewhere - it pays to be patient!At 3.45 I tentatively approached again to ask if my corner room was ready. Corner room? Oh no sir, you had never been allocated one of those, just a standard room. I queried that, and despite showing her who had confirmed this to me, it was just not going to happen. So happy to at least get a room, I accepted, took the key and went upstairs to our room, overlooking a building area.Room was smaller than expected, and appeared to be a disabled room. Bathroom space was quite large, with handrails all over the place and a moving trolley (small, metal on wheels) for all your bathroom items. There was no other shelves, no room on the sink (we had a small metal basin and that was that) and little else. The shower was large, no bath as promised, and had a large disabled seat on the edge.Yes, the beds and pillows were fantastic - one of the best we have ever had. Overall the room disappointed - a bit tatty and dull, bathroom very sparse and clinical and not such a great view. Staff were great and apologetic and despite me not getting a room I thought we would, the overall service was OK. I was a bit surprised about the 'complimentary' breakfast / evening hors d'ouevres. Minimal choice but pleasant enough, all laid out on a table for you with complete self service. Conveneintly laid out on the desk where you had to sign in, were slips to sign to add your gratuity - what for? Ones left on top for people to see (and I think these were out everyday) were the ones showing $15 and $10 in the same handwriting... a ploy to get people to tip? I don't know, some people left one, some didn't.Shula's steak House served great steak, though lacked a bit of atmosphere, having no windows and very dim lighting, similar to a dungeon. Service and food was good, but could have done with a bit of brightening up - quite costly too. Hotel in general appeared in good decor, and a great location for almost anything.Overall I was slightly disappointed in the hotel - it wasn't a bad hotel but I wouldn't rate it 5 star - 3 1/2 to 4; great location, OK rooms, fantastic beds, OK dining facilities, nice staff, OK room etc. Not sure if I would go there again - did enjoy the Renaissance or even the Novotel, and apart from the beds (!), would perhaps try these out once more.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best hotel on Times Sqr Location is great. Just off Times Sqr, with entrances on two streets. Rooms are nice. Bed is very comfortable. Although, calling it Heavenly is a bit much, they are much better than most hotels. Go for a room on the spa floor. I like having Bose clock radio, use an ipod with itrip and you're good to go. Food is excellent, pricy but excellent. Staff was helpful, not very attentive, but I guess they don't have to be, it's a very busy hotel. But they're efficient, and that's what counts.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing view!!! We stayed at Westin Times Square from 21-24 April 2005. As it was the first time for my boyfriend to stay in NY I really wanted a special hotel with nice view, nice room etc... and the westin didn't disapoint me. It was perfect!!! When we first arrived, I was a little bit disappointed about the location ... but then when we opened the door of our room ... it was amazing. We had a corner room on 42nd floor with view on empire state bg, statue of liberty, the hudson river ... The only thing is that due to the location, it is very noisy during the night (police, taxis ...)... but hey, it's NY City!The size of the room is Ok (I think it's big for NY standards), the bathroom is fine (good bath products), very clean and the location is perfect (especially for your first stay in this fantastic city).Only negative thing was the overpriced breakfast 56$, however, good quality. If you pay the room 326$/night, you should be offered 1 bagel+orange juice+coffee! difficult to find nice diners around ...Conclusion: would definitly stay again!!!!  
<Date>Jun 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Heavenly Hotel Heavenly view, heavenly room, heavenly bed, heavenly shower, heavenly location, heavenly staff, heavenly experience! Based on the reviews this property received on Trip Advisor, we almost changed our reservation to a different hotel. Fortunately we didn't. We had a great room(large for NY) on the 40th floor with panoramic views of the skyline, the Hudson river, and the Statue of Liberty. We were extremely pleased and would recommend the hotel highly!  
<Date>Jun 24, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>msyc
<Content>3 Star hotel for the price of a 5 star Possibly the worse hotel that I have stayed in. I have visited many 4-5 star hotels internationally and this hotel does not deserve the rating that it has, namely due to the lack of service.Arriving at 2:30 pm ahead of the 3 pm check in we were advised that we could not collect our key until 3.00pm. Not being a problem we waited and returned at 3:15 only be told that our room was not ready. After talking to the reception staff they could not provide any information as to when it would be ready and that when originally told to come back at 3pm they did not mean to come back 3 on the dot! They had trouble empathising with our situation of having to check in due to our transatlantic flight and the need to freshen up for scheduled meetings for the remainder of the day. The receptionist tried to blame it on the fact that they have well over 116 rooms to clean however I saw this as a lame excuse for staff shortages - this should not be made the problem of the guest! I have never visited a hotel where the rooms have not been ready on time! After 15 minutes of deliberation the receptionist finally managed to get a room cleaned within 5 minutes! If they managed to clean rooms that fast they wouldn't find themselves in a pickle would they?The hotel in general lacked the lustre of a swanky hotel and appeared unkept at the most of times. The rooms were smaller than I thought and the furnishings seemed well worn for a 4 star hotel. The bathroom didn't give off a disinfected vibe either -I found that the rooms were not cleaned well overall. We had cleaning staff knocking on our door and walking in 1 second later at 9:30 in the morning! I do agree that the beds were very comfortable however I found myself in similar beds later in the week when I travelled to The Tides and the Mandarin Oriental Hotels in Miami. Obviously a standard bed in all US 4-5 star hotels - no reason to choose the Westin for.To top off our stay, once we returned home we found that the hotel had charged an additional 45USD on to our credit card for no apparent reason! In my opinion the hotel is over priced. It fell short in a lot of my expectations and for this reason I would personally rate this as a 3 star hotel. The location is fantastic ,however I have stayed in the 3 star Milford Plaza which shares a similar location only a block away. Considering the time spent in a New York hotel room, I would choose the Milford Plaza over the Westin for my next visit in November. It may not have the same level of comfort but at least it has the service.I would accept one or maybe two incidences but to experience most of the negatives I have read in regards to this hotel makes me fell like a dill. I should have listen to the tripadvisor opinions on this hotel. Only stay here if you want to stay in a 3 star hotel for a 5 star price.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>atl77
<Content>Hated it!!! Worst Hotel I've Stayed At In NYC! Where can I start...how about from the start of my trip....1) Rude Front Desk employees!2) Escalators broken all 4 days we were there!3) Small Rooms for the price4) Bathroom Shower getting clogged up every day. Took them 2 days to finally send someone to fix it. And it still didn't get fixed. 5) Dirty Comfortor, it actually had stains on it!!6) Website pictures are VERY misleading! 7) Lobby is average at best.And you can have all this for the price of around $350/night.....we payed over $1100 for 3 nights here and it was the biggest waste of money! I've stayed at the Marroitt Times Square a few times and it is a thousand times better than this hotel! Definitely will NEVER stay here again!  
<Date>Jun 15, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>The Innocent Man
<Content>Excellent Location - Shocking and Impersonal Service We stayed 8 nights in this hotel in September 2004. First impressions upon arrival were good ... great location, just around the corner from Times Square, with lots going on within 5 minutes walking distance.We paid over the odds to have a Club Floor room - shouldn't have bothered! These highly-priced rooms are located around a central atrium in an area of the hotel where there are regular exhibitions, etc. The problem is, the event organisers set up their stands during the middle of the night ... the noise generated within the atrium is enough to wake the dead!We complained, but were told it's nothing to do with the hotel management! We were forced to move rooms, but they would not offer any kind of refund for the inconvenience or lower standard of room. Clearly, customer service is not too high on the prioroty list at this hotel.Finally, we were overcharged when we checked out. The duty manager was powerless to act while we were there, so we had to spend 2 weeks exchanging e-mails from the UK in order to get our money back. This hotel took some of the shine off a wonderful vacation in a great city.DO YOURSELF A FAVOUR ... BOOK INTO SOMEWHERE ELSE ... IT CAN'T BE WORSE THAN THIS.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>First Time To New York from UK Visitor We stayed at the westin for 4 nights over Memorial Day weekend. We did have a low level floor and asked to be moved cos out of the window all we could see was top half of lower end of building, but hotel was full so nothing available - that said did'nt really matter cos we were hardly there enjoying the sites and sounds of magnificent New York.BADSome dodgy sex shops around the back of hotel - was slightly worrying walking past late at night.Some parts of room were not totally clean but hey these hotels are going to be used loads !You have to pay for N64 games machine within the TV (Bummer)! ! !GOODBrilliant location. We got a bus from Newark Ariport to Port Authority and walked the 25 metres to hotel without any problem !Starbucks coffee in room every dayClean sheets and towels every dayWe ate breakfast at local cafe's within easy walking distance.Kept our cases for free whilst we spent our last day doing sites.REALLY WOULD RECOMMEND THIS HOTEL FOR TOURISTS AS FAB LOCATION  MORE THAN ADEQUATE FACILITIES  
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>sfsunst
<Content>Great NY Experience! I felt bad that some of the other people on this board had such a bad experience at the Westin. We were very fortunate in that everything went without a glitch for us. I had made the reservations in January and was a little worried that our reservation might be lost eventhough I had confirmed the reservations a couple of days before our May 23 arrival. We had no trouble checking in, the room was waiting for us. I did ask if there would be a possibility of getting a corner room since there was my husband and I and our two teenage daughters. The man at the front desk was very accommodating and saw to it that we got that corner room since he said it was slightly larger than the standard room. The hotel is just a couple of minutes walk down the street to Times Square and very close to all the Broadway shows as well as many other NY attractions. There are so many great places to eat nearby. The starting point for the NY Tours double decker bus line is just down the street from the hotel. We got a two day pass on the tour bus which is a great way to see attractions at your leisure.I have stayed at many hotels around the world and this would rank up there as one of the best. The decor was beautiful with all the wonderful woods and soft lighting in the lobby. This type of decor, (contemporary), may not appeal to most but it was a refreshing change for us and what I believe to be very New York style. The beds are fantastic! Just a little bit of advice, it helps to have a separate bag to keep all your toiletries in as there is not much counter space in the very cool bathroom.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>VegasConcerts
<Content>Ditto with the negative reviews! Since I rely on TripAdvisor reviews to make hotel choices in new destinations, I only felt it fair to share my concerns and dissappointment with the Westin New York at Times Square.Like some of the other recent reviews, we had booked three Club Level rooms in advance (2 months to be exact) and prepaid all the rooms. Although we arrived at the hotel early, they said our rooms were be ready by checkin at 3:00PM. But we came back at 3:00PM and the rooms were still not available. We had elderly people in our party with medical needs and this was unacceptable. We wanted an explanation from the front desk manager at that time, and he eluded to the fact that we were from the West Coast and things are done differently in New York. I hate to think that all vendors in New York had total disregard for its patrons and guests. No...this was only the trait of the Westin New York at Times Square. Instead of apologizing for the incovenience, he was suggesting that we didn't know any better. I suggest that this front desk manager look up the word reservation and review his own hotel's checkin time guidelines, as well as take a course in Customer Service 101. By 5:00 PM, we finally got our third room. Our party missed our dinner reservations because of this absolute lack of customer service and planning on the hotel's behalf. Also, the photos on the hotel's website are misleading...lobby is average, escalators were constantly broken, and the furniture (at least in the Club Level rooms that are suppose to be better than the average rooms) were stained and faded. Even the Club Level Lounge and its furnishings were average...nothing impressive at all. The only plus to this hotel is that the bed in the room was quite comfortable. That's it! Who cares if this hotel is in Times Square...there's tons hotels in the area, and for the price we paid, this hotel is not worth it. As this was a first-time experience to New York for some in our party, I'm sorry to say that the only bad experience we had visiting this fine city was staying in this poorly managed hotel. Shame on the Westin! I will not be staying here again.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrible, evil place to stay ... managed by liars! Two and a half months prior to our planned visit to NYC I paid Westin for A Club Floor, non-smoking, King bedded room of 400 square feet with free access to the Health Club, evening hors d'oeuvres and breakfast for 2. At 1PM on our scheduled day of arrival we telephoned the hotel to confirm our reservation (entirely prepaid) and were told that everything was in order.When we arrived at the hotel the evening of May 28 we were greeted with totally ignorant stares, fumbling, ignorance and NO ROOM. The hotel had overbooked ... despite our pre-payment and confirmation. This is tantamount to fraud and theft on the part of the New York Westin!After a series of arguments and negotiating we were provided with a small room with two beds on a non-Club Floor ... half the size of the room I'd paid for in March. My alternative would have been sleeping in Central Park (Holiday Weekend).We were told that we'd have our lovely room for the second night ... no problem ... and they would discount our rate by $10.00 (big deal ... reduced room size by half, no breafast, etc. ... and we save a crummy $10). What a rip-off!The second night we were again greeted with blank stares, ignorant personnel and NO ROOM! It's hard tobelieve that Westin is this incompetent! After an hour of threats (I was getting HOT) ... we were given keys to room 3510 (approx. 400 square feet overlooking a construction site). There was no mention of the breakfasts, health club, etc. ... we paid quite a lot to eat breakfast at Shula's in the basement). This hotel is a swarm of unhappy guests ... virtually everyone on line is pissed off and irritable.Having spent about $700 for two nights in HELL ... I'd never go to another Starwood / Westin property! We travel 12 weeks a year and tend to stay at the best hotels available. I can assure you that the Westin New York has more in common with Motel 6 than a 5-Star Hotel!By the way ... most of the escalators were inoperable for the entire weekend ... ads blare in the elevators ... hallways are dirty ... nothing good to say about this place. The neighborhodd is slummy and I couldn't recommend this place to my sworn blood enemy. Do you get the point?There are very nice hotels in NYC ... next time we'll return to The Benjamin (very nice place).  
<Date>Jun 2, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Poor Service/Great Location I usually do not write reviews, especially bad ones. I just felt that at approximately $500/night including tax, I should have received better service. BAD POINTS: Arrived at the hotel a little early, check in is at 3 o'clock. We (and many others) didn't get a room until 5:30 pm. We were told its because the Starwood Gold and Platinum guests are allowed to checkout at 4 o'clock instead of 12 noon and because we were in the executive club area we were impacted by that. I thought that it was just because it was Memorial Day weekend, but one sympathetic front desk rep confided that it was actually because the hotel consistently overbooks the rooms. At 5:30 they gave us to the wrong room type (one queen bed instead of double beds). They then changed us to a handicap room with no bath. I was too tired to complain. The next day I asked to be changed. They said, No problem, just pack your bags, tour the city, and we will handle everything for you, just check back in when you return. After a day of touring we arrived to find that they did not change our room. We had to wait. We ended up moving to a room with a hideous view. At this point I was not going to try to move again. We waited and waited for our bags to be moved by the bellman and finally I was forced to move the bags myself. I booked the Executive Club room. It's not worth the extra $30 - $75 a night. The breakfast and appetizers were skimpy. I only used it one day (Memorial Day). The selection was much better that day. The multicolored atrium in the pictures is very misleading. It has no furniture in it and appeared unattended. Our first room was not very clean. There was hair and grim in the corners. However our final room was tidy.They insisted on giving me a room credit and drink cards for our troubles. I made a few phone calls and should have gotten a credit to my card. At the end of the trip they charged my card instead of crediting it to me and it took over 30 minutes to get it resolved (at this point I couldn't trust that they could handle it without my standing there and sure enough he messed it up twice more trying to correct it) which had me rushing off to the airport.Most of the representatives are dismissive and curt. They give dry apologies and really don't empathize with the guests. Throughout my stay, I passed through the lobby to find far too many people complaining. I was very surprised that a hotel in this class would have such terrible service.GOOD POINTS: To end on a somewhat positive note. The location was great, right across from a major subway station. But I bet you can find another hotel, in the Times Square area that has both convenience and good service.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Shocked to find hair in the bed, toilet My husband and I checked in late(12:30 am) Fri. May 20th for three nights and found the room very small, no robe in the bathroom but a sign saying on a satin hanger if I liked the robe, I could purchase it??!! What robe, there wasn't one there!? Also there were scratches on the wallpaper, a long black hair on the toilet seat and on top of the toilet tank, some water in the tub and went to complain. Front desk apologized, explained that no one gets a robe ( I did at the other Westins I stayed at) and sent up housekeeping. Returned to room and waited. I turned down the bed and found another long hair and noticed in the washroom-no shower cap. Ran to the front desk again and expected another room. Nothing was available which was hard to believe since I worked in the hotel business 10 years ago. They called housekeeping again since they had not arrived and expected the bed to be totally stripped and redone. It was redone and the washroom was wiped down. The entire problem from the moment of check in took 1 hour and a half to be solved. So I had a horrible first impression of the room and hotel. Not worth the money. Enjoyed other Westins and their heavenly bed and showers around the world though.  
<Date>May 27, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>TWC
<Content>Nice place near Times Square I stayed at the Westin near last Christmas for 6 nights. The hotel was okay, far from 5 star- but, it was very reasonable ($179/night) for a standard room. I can't complain much, $179 a night during the holidays is pretty reasonable. However, while the rooms were a decent size, two lights were broken in ours and there were stains on the walls and carpet, I'm pretty easy going, but that was kind of nasty, and this place is fairly new. It is in a great location to do everything-about 2 minutes from a subway station and 30 seconds from Times Square. We were gone every day all day, and only came back at night to shower and change so I didn't spend much time there so I can't rate much more than the room. If you're looking for luxury look to the Ritz Central Park, but if you want a good above average place to stay, the Westin is as good as any.  
<Date>May 27, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Top NYC Hotel Our (my wife and I on our 13th anniversary) 4 days at the Westin were spectacular. We arrived at 10AM and thought that we would have to wait a few hours to check in. They found us a room right away and gave us a nice high floor with a North side view. We were hoping for a south side view... we went to the desk and asked for a south side view. The desk guy Cesar, looked at all of the rooms available, then ensured that it had the south side view that we wanted on the 35th floor looking at the empire state, downtown skyline, and if you have good eyes..the statue of liberty... and booked us in there right away. We were in our room at 10:30AM!! The room was big for NYC. It was clean and more than what we anticipated. The room was cleaned up nicely everyday as well. The concierges were saviours. It was our first visit so we needed transportation tips, eating recommendations, etc. They would take out maps and highlight subway or walking routes for locations that we wanted to see. They never cared that there were big lines... If they were helping me, they made sure I knew where I was going and was comfortable with their directions. As for food recommendations, BANG - awesome breakfast advice (Westway on 9th), fantastic Mexican advice (Ariba Ariba) and spectacular pizza (John's)..mmm The location is optimal. One short block from the action ensured no congestion in the front of the hotel but within a 2 minute walk, we were right in the action of TImes Square. All in all, it was a great experience. THe staff was awesome. The location is perfect. The price is higher than some of the others but in my opinion, you get what you pay for. By the way....the King size bed....ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh :-) The shower heads... soothing massage in the back, light sprinkle on my head. On top of everything else, we had a late flight, so they gave us a late check out at 2PM and kept our bags after that while we did some last minute shopping...If someone wants some more info, you can email me at the address provided. First time Nyork visitors may be intimidated by the choices available...  
<Date>May 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>tripbuds
<Content>Stay at the Marriott instead Half of the blame is Hotels I must admit but the Westin handled it poorly. I'm a Starwood preferred member, so I go up to the check-in desk. Not only do they not have record of my reservation, they don't even go out of their way to be concerned. She was actually looking for a Sheraton that could put me up instead of finding a room for me at the hotel. When they did finally confirm my reservation with Hotels, they should have said, we'll have a room for you ready for tonight and we'll give you a credit at the hotel restaurant for waiting and being patient instead it was we'll look and see if we have anything. Alright. I know they have rooms for these kind of things and I know they could do better, I've experienced it at a Westin.Lastly, their contemporary decor came off cheap. The rollercart in the small bathroom looked like it came from kmart or ikea, the lamps were shaky and we had to call and get a hair dryer.For $400 a night I expect more in the way of customer service.for $350 a night you can have a bigger room, be closer to time square and have great customer service at the Marriott Marquis.  
<Date>May 18, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Portia
<Content>Not totally wowed, but you could do a lot worse For our mini-getaway, we were lucky enough to secure an executive club corner room which was astoundingly spacious (especially for a NYC hotel) and very airy because of the 3 large windows which extend to almost the baseboard. Judging from the Westin web site, this particular style of window -- which ends in a rather narrow, suede-cushioned window seat -- is available only in the club level rooms, but the windows in any of the rooms here can be opened somewhat, a feature I always like.Our room furnishings (which included a chair and a sofa) were spotless  comfortable; the bed was almost as heavenly as their advertising would have you believe; the Bose CD/clock-radio was an unexpected bonus; and our bathroom was large, but had little shelf space  no other storage for toiletries. You too might find the 3 drawers in the desk area (the only ones provided for clothing) to be a bit skimpy, but the hallway closet -- amply stocked with good hangers -- handled our overflow.Apart from the terrific room, the club amenities were disappointing. As others here have commented, it is not a soothing atmosphere (two large-screen TV's were always on  the space is undersized for the number of people who have access to it), breakfast was ho-hum (please don't judge NYC bagels by the ones they have on hand) and the offerings for the evening cocktail hour were surprisingly limited: soda, red wine, white wine were the only beverages, and there were no snacks, just a pasta dish of some sort. We also noticed that the room service dishes of our neighbors languished in the hallway for longer than you might expect to see them.Although we heard more street traffic than we wanted (our room was on the 12th floor fronting 42nd Street), we heard no noise from any of our neighbors. The elevator service is superior to that of the Marriott Marquis, and because the Westin's atrium doesn't go all the way down to the meeting floors/lobby, there is not the attendant din as at the Marriott. Indeed, the Westin is more of an oasis in general than the Marquis from the congestion and sensory overload of Times Square... and it is a more pleasant  distinctive hotel than, e.g., the Hilton.Although I doubt we will rush to return here, I think this Westin would be a good choice for those who are visting New York to see the sights  who want a big city hotel experience.  
<Date>May 15, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing I was given the biggest treat in the whole wide world when i went to the WESTIN HOTEL for my 16th birthday. As soon as we got there we were greated by the very friendly doormen who took our bags and had them taken to our rooms. That night we got room service ordered 2 pizzas which were really really good, when the wee man brought the food up i was just going to take the trolly from him but he insisted he would bring it in for me which was also really nice. New York is my favourite place in the world and i highly recomend that if you are going stay in the WESTIN HOTEL its AMAZING. I'll be going back  
<Date>May 11, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>horstm22
<Content>A world away in New York This Westin uses the two-floor lobby to great effect -- crowds gather at street level, and security checks you as you move to the escalator, so once you hit the second floor, you're in the Westin's world. The Heavenly Beds live up to their names, as always, and the sleek built-in furniture makes the most of a smaller room.  
<Date>May 10, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ilovedogs
<Content>Beware of Noise level in this hotel!!!!!!!! My husband and I stayed here in March 2005. The only problems with this hotel are the noise level and the room service menu is too expensive.The room was larger than normal for a hotel room in New York. First we were on the 25th floor. The people next door were loud and kept us up all night. We could hear everything. So, the next day, my husband talked to the manager and he moved us to the 35th floor. Still the same problem. The people next door were so loud. On the plus side, the beds in my opinion are Heavenly. They sell all the stuff on their Westin web-site. Thereis a small supply of Starbuck's coffee in the room with a coffee maker. Then there is a Starbuck's less than one block away from the hotel and you can buy your refills there to use in the coffee machine, because you only get so many. Also, to avoid the high cost of room service there is a cafe just right around the corner, the European or something like that. We ate there all the time. The staff was nice. The bathroom was nice and clean, as was the room.The only thing was the noise level. That's why I have to give it a low review and say we would not stay here again because of the noise level.  
<Date>May 10, 2005
<Rating>2	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would stay here again Overall the Westin was great. PROS: The bed was comfortable, but not what I'd call heavenly, as the sheets were not particularly soft. The hotel was immaculately clean and the decor was impressive, modern but not cold. The lobby was gorgeous! We loved the 2 shower heads...that was a nice touch. The elevator was speedy. The location was perfect...one block away from the Port Authority and within comfortable walking distance to Penn Station, Grand Central, Rockefeller Center and Fifth Avenue. CONS: Very expensive...we paid $339 (around $390 with taxes) for one night for a Traditional Room with 1 king bed. You're paying for the location...the amenities were nice but not worth anywhere near $390. The prices for the minibar items were exorbitant. If you like the bathrobe, you can purchase it -- for $90! The bell service was pushy. The view was mediocre...I requested a corner room when I made the reservation, and again when we checked in, but did not receive one.I would stay here again but not for the price I paid.  
<Date>May 4, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Comfortable hotel in a great location My friends and I stayed in the Westin in May 2005 and found it to be everything we hoped for a hotel with a four star rating. The rooms were modern and clean and the beds were heavenly! The majority of staff were courteous and kind. Initially we were fearful of the noise we might encounter since the hotel is located near Times Square. Luckily we were proven wrong as we found the rooms to be very quiet.The only downside was the restaurant that the hotel recommended. It was very touristy and expensive for the poor quality of food offered. Despite this, we would definitely recommend The Westin Hotel.  
<Date>May 4, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Carol123
<Content>Club Lounge Disappointing Experience in Asian hotels always led us to believe that booking a Club Room was worth the small extra cost. We had assumed that we would encounter the same relaxing lounge atmosphere, tasty breakfasts, newspaper and excellent hors d'oeuvres that we had come across before, especially in a hotel like the Westin. We were however very disappointed. The Club lounge was heavily over-subscribed. There were not enough tables for us to get a seat at breakfast. there were no newspapers at weekends, there were a large number of unruly children running around that no-one challenged, and the evening snacks were pitiful. This was a real shame, because in all other aspects the hotel was quite good.  
<Date>May 3, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>bella010302
<Content>How this hotel got better ratings then the Marriott Marquis is beyond me... Terribly Disappointing. I just got back from NYC tonight. I was quite excited about staying at a hotel that was rated above the Marriott Marquis, after reading the reviews in Trip Advisor about the two of them, and after having stayed at the Marriott Marquis last May. I was expecting to be blown away. WRONG! The Marquis is far superior in rooms, staffing and overall great experience. The staff at the Marquis far exceeds that which I experienced at the Westin. Yes, the bed was heavenly, but the Marquis' beds are ethereal, if we want to get into a war of words. Both have down pillows and comforters. The difference is in the people at the desk, answering phones, and even the concierge. Trust me, for the money, go to the Marriott Marquis. And the Westin isn't really on Times Square, its on 8th Avenue, not 7th or Broadway. Won't take Trip Advisor's advice again... and I am in no way a picky person.  
<Date>May 3, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>heavenly westin ! We were moved from the Plaza a couple of months before we were due to stay owing to its closure on the 30th April...The best decision we have ever made !We stayed for 5 nights from 26th-30th April and were very impressed by all aspects of the Westin. The modern design and welcoming staff made our stay memorable. On arriving at the Westin our luggage was taken from us to be delivered to our room and like clockwork, within 10 minutes of arriving at our room the luggage was with us ! Check in was smooth and simple, check out is even better with an express checkout facility on offer whereby your bill is posted to your room, you simply sign to say all ok and place in the box at reception... simple I know but so many hotels fail at this !The heavenly bed is exactly that - the most comfortable bed we have ever experienced. The Heavenly shower certainly wakes you up in the morning with its two powerful shower heads blasting you !We have been to New York before and wanted a great location, you don't get any better than this... literally 200 yds from Time Square itself. Broadway shows are less than a 5 minute walk away and many many great restaurants. The 200,000 sq ft entertainment complex connected to the hotel is worth a visit, which includes a multiplex cinema and Chevy's - a great tex-mex restaurant where portion control is non existant !!Whether you have been to New York many times or this is your first time, we recommend you take advantage of the excellent conceirge service...their knowledge of New York is second to none. One recommendation was Carolines Comedy Club which features top US comedians - we had a great time there and would recommend it.Overall we could not find fault with the Westin and can't wait to return  
<Date>May 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cruisingonceagain
<Content>Excellent choice in New York!!! We just returned from a two-night stay at the Westin New York at Times Square. We had a fabulous view of Times Square - we were on the 43rd floor - and we had a deluxe double. The person who checked us in was extremely friendly and helpful, and our room was available upon check-in which was 1 p.m. The room was quite large by NY standards and as promised, the beds and bathroom were heavenly. One of the windows opened, and we liked that for fresh air, although it is quite noisy leaving it open. There was a flat screen TV and mini bar. The elevators in this hotel are very, very fast, and they have a TV in the elevators to entertain you during the short trip. There was never a wait for the elevators. The location is excellent - corner of 43rd and 8th Avenue. Right across is a Ben  Jerry's, and in the corner is Europan, a decent place for breakfast. We walked everywhere; everything is accessible. On one occasion, we took a cab to the American Museum of Natural History (Central Park West) and it was only $6.50. We decided to walk back so we could stroll along 5th Avenue and do some shopping. We walked to the United Nations but that is a quite a walk, but not bad. This is an excellent location if you love the theater (we do!). We even found reasonable parking on 43rd and 10th Avenue - $18 per 24 hours (look for parking in NYC in iconparking.com)! We will definitely stay here again. Highly recommened.  
<Date>May 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nicola's 18th This trip was a surprise for my daughter's 18th birthday. She thought she was going to Pontins! As my daughter is a performing arts student, the hotels location slap bang in the middle of the theatre district was ideal. She loved the buzz of being on top of Times Square. Our room was very comfortable and clean. The beds were the most comfortable I have ever slept in. The view of New York from our room was amazing. Very well equipped gym and beauty rooms. It was very easy access to every tourist spot and it certainly will not be our last visit there.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice, but could have been more honeymooner-friendly!! We stayed at the Westin Times Square during our honeymoon for 5 nights in April 05. Pros: -HEAVENLY BED!!!!!!!!!!! -HEAVENLY SHOWER!!!!!!!!!!!!!-Bath Products-Complimentary coffee and newspaper in the morning-View on high floorsCons:-indifferent staff-heavy stains on the carpet in room 4007-slamming doors!!!-thin walls-no honeymoon-goodies at all in this 309 $ per night hotel (we even got a complimentary congratulations-cake and champagne from Singapore Airlines during our flight in the economy class)-no corner room as requested months before our stay.Advice:-get a room away from the elevator and the ice-cube machine  
<Date>Apr 26, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Clean, Comfortable, Modern My husband and I stayed in the Westin NY in February 2005 for one night and were very impressed. We love Westins in general... with the Heavenly beds and baths. This particular hotel was newly renovated and very clean. The bed was great with down blankets, pillows and crisp white sheets. The bath provides excellent elbow room for showers with double shower heads (one on top of the other - great for two people). We were on the 32? floor so we had a great view of the river. The location was perfect, only a block or two from Times Square. Room includes starbucks coffee and a flat screen tv, definitely a plus. The bathroom has a sliding glass door (a fogged look) that doesn't give much sound proofing, so you must be comfortable with your roommate :) I woke up a few times through the night because of the hallway sounds (doors slamming and people coming out of the elevator at 4am), but I suppose you could get that anywhere. We had drinks at the bar in the hotel that night, expensive but not terrible for the city ($12-$14 per drink). Sushi was good. We ate breakfast at Don Shulo's restaurant and it was EXCELLENT but extremely overpriced. We had eggs benedict, a belgian waffle and orange juice and paid $50+. They ask you if you want orange juice while holding the pitcher above your glass and they charge $6 for a small glass. The juice was 50% pulp, but thankfully we don't mind pulp. I would definitely stay there again, it's a 4-5 star place, great for a special occasion in the city. (Special occasion because it is expensive: we paid $250/night) If you don't stay at this Westin... stay at another one somewhere else... there are locations all over the world.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location - Heavenly Bed After a night on an uncomfortable bed at the Sofitel, we moved to the Westin at Times Square hoping to get a more comfortable night's sleep. We did. The Heavenly Bed is almost perfect, 100% cotton sheets, thick, pillow-top mattress, wonderful down pillows. However the down duvet is tropical weight and has very little down in it. The comforter on the bed is polyester with a polyester cover. In order for it to be a really luxurious and comfortable bed it would need to have all natural materials. I was expecting really fluffy down and all cotton linens so it was a bit of a disappointment. With that said, it was 100% better than the Sofitel bed.PLUSES:Location is a block away from Times Square.The staff is friendly and helpful. Our desk agent showed us two different rooms so we could see layouts. Two banks of very fast elevators get you to your floor without waiting.Two-headed Heavenly Shower is soothing.Heavenly bed is very comfortable.MINUSES:The hotel design is very modern and stark. The room decor is black and stainless.Bathroom has very little shelf space.Smallish windows, but they do open at the bottom.Make sure you go to the Starwood website to get their card so you can get points at the Westin, the W and others in the chain.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good location, clean and then there is Broadway! When booking this hotel I knew one thing that the beds would be heavenly and they were. This hotel was so clean with the location great. Just blocks (short ones) from many Broadway shows. We had a corner room with a fantastic view of Staue of Liberty, Times Square and the Empire State Building. Of course I am a Starwood Gold Member so I think that had something to do with it. I would only stay here on my next visit. My friends wanted to stay at the St. Regis but went here reluctantly and were pleasantly surprised. Clean and good staff they were so helpful to.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>F.R.M.
<Content>Maybe the best choice in N.Y. city I invited my wife for a christmas trip to New York. As I needed a lot of money for shopping I didn't want to spend to much money for the hotel. Finally I decided to stay the Westin. We stayed at NY many times before but had never such a nice room. A corner suite on the 40th floor overlooking downtown and the state of liberty. Just so exciting. The heavenly bed are so peaceful and the bathroom was perfect. All in all I think it's the best NY downtown hotel also if you think of price/value.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic, superb location very good location, on arriving we were upgraded. The rooms aren't that small, we had a twin and there was plenty of room and its not like we spent much time in the hotel anyway. Best thing was having a ben and jerrys cafe opposite mmmmm!!Concierge was really good, we tried to get into an exclusive restaurant and unfortunately there was no availability so he booked us into the next best thing which turned out to be really good. The location is very ideal, I have been to new york many times and along with the marriott marquis this has to be the most ideal location. We were able to walk pretty much everywhere. The hotel is great, definitely recommended.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>golfonmymind
<Content>Best in Manhatten Great location;wonderful staff;beds to die for;showers that thrilled my 17 year old;turndowns my 8 year loved,and finally views that are amazing  
<Date>Apr 11, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just OK The hotel is nice and new. And it is a great location but I found the staff slow and indifferent. Not horrible but not outstanding either. I'm not real picky about things but here are my 2 gripes.First, after checking our bags in the morning upon arrival, it took way to long for them to be brought to the from after check-in. Well over 45 minutes. Next time, I'll do it myself.Second, you know how folks set their room service tray outside their door in the hall? No big deal but this one tray sat in the hallway in front of another room our entire stay. Everytime I saw it I had to laugh. 2 nights. 3 days. It sat in the hall. How many hotel staff members passed by that tray and ignored it? Couldn't housekeeping call someone? Sloppy. It's the little things you notice sometimes.It's just for that kind of money, one has a pick of hotels and I just felt the Westin Times Square did little to set it's self apart.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>PHT1
<Content>Good Choice The Westin Times Square is very smart, very modern and has excellent views from the high floors. Service is efficient and friendly. Room value at US$320 was acceptable. The only complaints were the high price of meals and mini bar. Breakfast was very bad value, solved by a diner round the corner recommended by the concierge. Also the cleaning staff were poor, floors were not properly cleaned or beds well made. Having said this New York is not an easy place to get good value, top quality accommodation - we will return again based on the general efficiency, friendliness, quality rooms and excellent views.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely! I read the Trip Advisor reviews of this hotel just after booking and got so scared by reports of luke warm showers that I contacted the manager. He allayed my fears, gave us a wonderful corner room on the 30th floor and we felt very well looked after throughout our 4 day stay.This hotel is in a good central location near Times Square and Broadway, lots of life outside, easy to get to the subway, cabs and Port Authority bus station. The room was our idea of luxury (remember that most people who write these reviews are VERY FUSSY! - it's easy to complain but most people don't bother to praise a good hotel). But do leave the shower running for a good few minutes before getting in!All in all, we had a wonderful time at the Westin and would wholeheartedly recommend it.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Familie-Thompson
<Content>Wonderful Westin       bedroom  
<Date>Apr 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>paula1449
<Content>Fantastic! Cant fault this hotel. Minimalist decor. fantastic location one block away from times square so you're not completley in the midst of it which was good. we were lucky enough to get corner room and the views were superb. all staff very helpful with booking restaurants. beds were exactly what they describe - heavenly! were so comfy and soooo huge as well.booked through virgin holidays and paid around 115 UK sterling per night which i thought was superb value.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>maineteacher
<Content>Great Visit... even with 24 high school kids! Just got home from taking a class of high school students to the city on a design tour. The Westin set a great tone for the trip. The rooms were elegant and clean, the lobby relaxing and easy to navigate, the staff helpful. The location was perfect, The hotel is steps away from Times Square and next door to John's Pizza and Cold Stone Creamery. The fact that the Red Sox team was at the hotel for their opening game against the Yankees was icing on the cake! (Hot Stuff Damon took time to talk to all the kids and let them take a million pictures.) Great visit, lovely hotel. I'm going back with family next time!  
<Date>Apr 5, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>normansue
<Content>New York New York what a wonderful town!!!!!       Dancing at the Cotton Club  
<Date>Apr 5, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sue_lovers
<Content>excellent hotel spent 5 great nights at the westin 23rd-28th march. lovely hotel, had a corner room on the 28th floor with a spectacular view, the heavenly bed and shower were amazing. lovely and clean. the concierges were really helpful and very friendly. thoroughly recommend this hotel  
<Date>Apr 4, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would Stay again First time in NY and happy with our hotel choice. Stayed at the Westin in Dec 2003 for 4 nights. Lots of great pluses with this hotel but BY FAR, the BEST part was their HEAVENLY beds, truly the best sleep ever! New, modern decor, super high-tech, central Location near all the busy shops, not the cleanest streets but next to Broadway, and step right out into the bright nightlife. Very safe and secure location even at night. Heads up - when arriving, expect chaos on the crowded street - taxi and shuttle parking to load and unload luggage was a pain but managed and hustled, NY style. Street Doormen helped with our bags upon arrival but not very helpful when leaving. Front Desk was courteous and helpful. We discovered one showerhead (there are 2!) wasn't working so we called in and they fixed it by the time we got back that day. Housekeeping was excellent - always immaculate and baths fully restocked daily. Ice machine conveniently near elevators (which are fast and TV equipped for news). Our window had a view of another building and small peek of the the street, but that didn't matter to us. Would highly recommend for its location, cleanliness, and bed comfort. Would stay there again, and restaurant TIP: for delicious food and great service, go to nearby Bubba Gump Shrimp! :)  
<Date>Apr 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Rosee
<Content>Excellent Hotel! 24th-28th March This hotel was exactly what we wanted out of a hotel.Good location, immaculately clean,good food , excellent service and very friendly staff.We would definately stay here in the future.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent hotel in a great location We have just got back from our first visit to New York. We booked through Virgin Holidays and chosed the Westin as it was one of their platinum selections. We were not disappointed. The hotel was great, room was a good size and we loved both the bed and the shower. In terms of location, I don't think we could have got much better, we were one block from Times Square but not right on it. Really helped us to enjoy our holiday and made sure that this won't be our last visit to New York!  
<Date>Apr 1, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>MGMarch
<Content>Pricey, but worth it Yes it's on the expensive side, but what nice hotel isn't in New York?Stayed Sat-Tue Easter weekend and had a very good experience. Had to work hard to get the price I got ($279/nt club level). Originally booked a non-club level room with two double beds for $329/nt Sun-Wed. Later I saw on Westin website they offered a 15% discount if checking in Thu-Sat. The webiste showed a club-level room at $279 with discount, but I was concerned about getting my desired double room (one person at Westin reservations said there was no guarantee). So I called the hotel directly and was told to book the room online and call back to get the two doubles guaranteed (traveling with wife and 2 teens). Everything worked out fine.We drove to New York, staying just outside of the city in Fairfield, NJ, so we could get into Manhattan early Saturday and start sightseeing. Our room was not available, but the desk agent put a hold on our double, so we checked our bags and car and set of.When we returned at about 4 p.m., we were able to check in quickly. We were booked into a handicapped accessible room and forgot to change it at check-in. Good move: the extra wide walking area in rooms made it seem all the more spacious. No NYC claustrophobia here. The only bad thing about the room was the location: it was on 15th floor at the corner of 8th and 42nd with a spectacular view of the Port Authority terminal! The club level is located on the lower floors (10-16 I think), so I am not sure any of them has much of a view. The plus side of the club level is the complimentary continental breakfast and evening hors d'ouevres. Avoiding the typical $15 per person cost of breakfast was a great deal; and we combined a late lunch with the evening snacks to avoid a $150 pre-theater dinner. The down side (at least this particular weekend) was the crowds. There was a seemingly endless flood of people, which kept the staff struggling to keep up with the demand. Still, the food choices varied daily and if you were patient, you always got enough to eat.While the location of the hotel is very good, the entrance is on 8th Avenue, something I overlooked when booking. That puts you more toward the peep-show side of things, but still just a short walk to Times Square. We had the extra benefit of a major sideshow. While the kids were at a movie (at the conveniently adjoining Loews theater), half of the NYPD (at least 20 squad cars) ended up on 42nd St. just below our window. The best I could tell, they were chasing down guys selling counterfeit purses (I saw a load of them in the back of one squad car). It was quite a scene; if that kind of stuff makes you nervous, you should probably avoid NYC altogether, or at least Times Square.We are not particularly demanding hotel guests: we expect a clean room and quick service, and were more than satisfied. I heartily recommend the Westin.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very nice experience!!! March 18 - 24, 2004. Our first trip to NYC and our choice of WTS was excellent. Upon our early evening arrival I asked the receptionist (Anna, from Poland) if we could have an upper level corner room. She went to great lengths to provide us with a regular room the first night and then had the staff move us to a corner room the next day. Our 40th floor regular view was a nice view of Times Square but the corner room offered vistas of the Hudson River, the Statue of Liberty in the distance and the Empire State Bldg. nearby....excellent! Moral of story - it doesn't hurt to ask and it probably didn't hurt that I was a Starwood Club member either. We were anticipating the typical ny attitude that you see so often on television, etc. Our bellman, Omar - a nyc native, proved that Anna's helpful attitude was not going to be the exception. In fact, every member of the staff was smiling, helpful and did NOT have their hand out for a tip (which, ironically, made me want to tip them). The location was excellent - especially for theater. Lion King was across the street. Producers was around the corner. The lights of Times Square a half block away. Both rooms were excellent although the corner room had much more room to store bags, etc. The heavenly bed and bath were as advertised. When making reservations we opted to pay for the upgrades so that we would have access to both the club room and the workout room. This was a wise move as the cereal, breads, coffee and juice breakfasts saved us a lot of money and time. The workout room was very well appointed with treadmills, ellipticals, dumbells, and some machines - no excuses not to get a good workout. Both of these areas were clean and very well staffed. I congratulate the management of this hotel for offering a clean and efficient operation staffed by helpful, smiling associates.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CjgMeK
<Content>nice but just a few glitches Great location, great beds, great bathroom. HOWEVER, there were about 1000 middle school cheerleaders there for some reason last weekend. HELLO - when you were in school, did you get to stay someplace this nice? :) they were a BIT LOUD as was the CONSTANT thump-thump of the club music the Westin insists on piping through the lobby. I even asked the gal at Check-in -doesn't this music make you crazy all day long? and she definitely agreed. I would strongly recommend dropping the music. Asked for turndown service, didn't know you had to REQUEST IT, and it still didn't come - took a WHILE for another robe - there was only ONE in the bathroom, and the on-site restaurant is a steakhouse, not a place you feel good ordering room service breakfast from. PLENTY of room, great walking distance to everything. STRONGLY recommend going a few blocks away to Amy's Bakery - outstanding goodies for breakfast  a short walk - unbelievable pastries, scones, etc. IF you get there early, go ahead  check in  put in your preference for high floor, corner room, view is fabulous. If we had waited until check-in time, we would have not gotten that even though we requested when reserving. I waited QUITE a while in line to do that when we arrived around noon and the woman working the desk, when it was my turn, said SORRY, I'M LEAVING. I politely but directly said I waited in line, I am the customer - why can't you help me? luckily a manager saw her ridiculous behavior, reprimanded her and we were guaranteed the corner room, higher floor, view of water  city. Lots of windows,would definitely recommend requesting that!!! Liked it a lot, but Sofitel is nicer.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Request Corner rooms!               More photos  
<Date>Mar 23, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Really nice place! First off, I must mention this is the only Westin or W hotel I have stayed in. I have stayed here twice now, and had great experiences each time. My first stay was in a Deluxe room. It was nice. Everything is very comfortable. I really like the designs of everything in the hotel. You can not go wrong with the Heavenly bed, and even though the Heavenly Bath is just a curved shower rod, and two shower heads, it is still really nice. The towels and robes are also really nice. Not what you would find at a competing hotel. This hotel is fairly new, and well taken care of. Second stay was in a Club Floor Room and had access to the club lounge. Complimentary drinks and hors devours were nothing to write home about, but still good. Westin Times Sq. is in a great location at 43st./8th Ave. Times sq. subway stop is less than a block away for transportation, and near many many attractions. Overall: Great Location, not too busy at all, reasonable prices, very comfy, excellent choice. My next reservation will be next month in a Club room. Highly Reccomended!  
<Date>Mar 22, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very lovely hotel in great location My daughter and I stayed at the Westin this past weekend, March 18th-20th, 2005. Great location, right next door to many Broadway shows and only 1 block from Time Square. If you want to be where that kind of action is, this is the right hotel for you. This part of town is a little to touristy for me, I'd rather be in the Village.The double showerheads or the soft beds? It's a toss up as to which was more luxurious. The biggest rooms I have ever seen in a hotel in New York City. Maybe I just don't get around much.It is a little pricey but I feel worth the price.My daughter loved breakfast at Shula's. The best breakfast she had.The service  security were wonderful.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kr203040
<Content>Great!       42nd Street just below  
<Date>Mar 20, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>nyeze
<Content>Loved it. By New York city standards, this hotel is outstanding. Staff are friendly, helpful and courteous. The rooms are big (by NY city standard). The beds are to die for -- their signature Heavenly bed is no misnomer. And bathroom is spotless. I travel to New York about 10 times a year and have tried various Manhattan hotels but this was by far the best experience -- even allowing for the fact that this wasn't a Priceline or Hotwire rate. Usually encounter one or two bad apples from the doorman, bellhop, front desk, room service, housekeeper. But not this time. Everyone was exceptionally helpful.Elevators are fast -- which may sound like a minor point until you experience 10-15 min waits with other high rise hotels.If I had to name some negatives: (1) the walls a little thin so hopefully your neighbors are respective and (2) the central air/heat system was a little noisy -- but have experienced much worse with other hotels. By a little noisy I mean it wasn't whisper quiet.If you're looking for good central location, bigger than avg rooms and overall service level that typical NY hotels don't or can't provide, I recommend the Westin.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ho-hum Not sure what was going on in New York the weekend I went, but finding a room the week before under $300 was difficult. Looked to Trip Advisor for help, as usual. Settled on the Westin due to reviews and the brand's reputation...even though I had to pay about $300/night. First, this was particularly frustrating since one site showed a $229 rate for one of my two nights but wouldn't let me book it. But I thought...Westin, heavenly bed, great reviews, good location...just do it. Mistake. Sure, the location was ideal for a quick weekend trip but I knew from the minute I hit the tragically hip lobby that I was likely in for disappointment. Yet another cookie-cutter contemporary minimalistic hotel (why does everyone think they need to imitate the W and that ilk?). Room was average size. But dark slate floor in entry and bath made both appear cave-like And it's time for designers to lose the miniature stainless steal sinks that look more appropriate to autopsy suites. I don't know who named stainless steel, but they're wrong. First use of the sink and it looks dirty. Little room to lay out toiletries, etc. Bath was cramped and suffered from a 24-hour wind-tunnel roar. Thank goodness for the heavenly bed. They never disappoint. Would be nice to find a hotel room in NY that is current in decor (i.e., not Park Avenue stuffy and fringed) but a bit less dark and cold. Not a bad stay...but for the money and with Westin's name, I expected a bit more specialness. I've stayed in much better in NY for a lot less. O.K. to stay here...but don't expect anything special but the amazing bed.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2005
<Rating>3	1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>shawspice
<Content>such a comfy bed gorgeous hotel great location staff very pleasant. Would love to go back.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>JACE
<Content>Great location This hotel is in the center of everything! The hotel is easy to get to, which is great when you have heavy packages. The room we stayed in was beautiful. Very modern, and we loved the white beds. Dual shower heads woke us up perfectly every morning. We enjoyed everything, but there are a few things I should mention. For those who like their privacy, there are no locks on the bathroom door, no fan, and the light in the bathroom shines very brightly into the shower. The bed was very comfortable, though, and all in all we had a FANTASTIC time here! Definitely will be back. I have never been in a hotel that is so fast, it makes your ears pop! So cool!  
<Date>Mar 14, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Extra charge for NS  Stayed here weekend of March 5. Had booked on Travelocity and requested NS room for health reasons. I even called the hotel directly during the week to emphasize request and was told no problem. When we arrived at the hotel (early, I might add) we were told there would be no NS rooms available in our category because we booked through a third party but we could pay $30 more per room per night (plus all of the tax...) and get NS. So, that is what we had to do. I do not feel this was handled well. During my earlier phone call, I also asked if there was a fitness center and was told yes, but no one told us it is $10 extra per person per visit. While the room was nice and facilities nice, I thought these extra fees were a ripoff and not in keeping with great service - if you want/need a NS room, beware!  
<Date>Mar 13, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>tiredconferencegoer
<Content>Great stay! I stayed at this hotel for a conference in January. Loved the bed, very comfy. The location is great, a lot of sights are walking distance, and the subways are very close. There's a Starbucks downstairs if you want a quick cheap breakfast too. The rates for in room internet access were quite high, but there was free wifi in the lobby, although that was advertised nowhere. The only drawback was being forced to watch CNN in the elevators.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a great stay!       View of the Hudson from room  
<Date>Mar 9, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Heavenly Bed Overall, the Westin was an above-average experience. Aside from the Heavenly Bed, which definitely changed my life, the entire hotel was quite nice, but not spectacular. By Manhattan standards, the Westin is a wonderful establishment, but the room still could have been more spacious. I requested a corner room after reading that it really improved stay due to the windows on all sides. It really made a difference and I would recommend that everyone get a corner room! The Heavenly Bed is magnificient! Definitely made the room worth it. The Times Square location is misleading, there are no views of Times Square from the hotel, although it is merely a block away (building obstruction). The hotel is really close to 42nd street sub station, theater district and various tourist traps. If you book the Westin, get a corner room!  
<Date>Mar 9, 2005
<Rating>4	2	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>JustATraveling
<Content>Definately Stay Again My husband, in-laws, brother-in-law, and I stayed at the Westin for a long weekend, last weekend. This is an excellent location. You can walk out the door, up half a block and be in the middle of Times Square. There are two subway stations a half a block, each way from the hotel. Plenty of places to eat even if you decide not to venture out....John's Pizza is outstanding, Carmine's (family-style Italian), Westway Deli (great cheesecake, cheaper breakfast, lunch and dinner). You can walk out your door, across the street to go see the Broadway production of The Lion King. The staff was very courteous. The conceirge managed to get us reservations for breakfast at Norma's in the Le Meridian Hotel. (A little pricy, but a must!) There is a movie theatre next door if you have to entertain children. I would highly recommend this hotel. It is comparable to the Hilton Times Square just a few doors up. We have stayed at both and would visit both again.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Everything the NY visitor could want... ...will be at your disposal when staying at New York's newest hotel.Located one block from Times Square, one block from the Port Authority bus terminal, 30 seconds walk to the nearest Subway station it couldn't be in a better location.Fabulous standard room's (I can only imagine what the bigger suits would be like), super fast lifts to all floors (very handy when you leave something behind!) and extremly helpful reception staff et al.I can only give the Westin my very highest recomendation. I went back 3 months after my first stay there and ensured this was the first thing I booked, Enjoy!  
<Date>Mar 2, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous !!! Returned a week ago from the Westin, travelled with my two sons, (12,10) and partner. Hotel absolutely fabulous, everyone was very courteous, rooms clean and modern, and in a perfect spot to get around NY. Had a fantastic four days, having never vistited the city before I just fell in love with it and will be returning with my girlfriends for a serious shopping, girlie few days !!!!!  
<Date>Mar 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wondeful!!!!!! Just got back, we go every year for a shopping trip, brilliant room, the most comfy bed in a hotel yet!Staff helpful, really great location, close to Times Square but not too close to be noisy.Just across the block from the Port Authority Bus Terminal, which does trips to Woodbury Common, 200+ shopping outlets only an hour away. Will come back to same hotel next year.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Westin is the Best hotel i ever stayed at WOW just got back from a five night stay at the westin times square had a nice size room on the 45th floor and the view was incredible. It was very close to everything midtown and the staff was friendly and informative. Iwill never stay at another hotel in new york city. Also the coolest looking hotel i have ever laid eyes on  
<Date>Feb 25, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>re-think your reservation....... We just returned from a four night stay at the Westin Time Square Feb.17th 2005. First, four days before we were set to arrive we were e-mailed about a room upgrade for another $35.00 a night we gladly accepted, we were already paying $269.00 a night. Upon arrival at 10:30 a.m. Thursday morning we asked about the upgraded room and we were told they had none available!!!!! When we got to our room is was soooo tiny I couldn't believe it. Unpacking was impossible since they only give you three drawers for your clothes. The bathroom was okay but the robe that they hung in the bathroom had a huge hole in it, so I placed the robe with the used towels the next morning only to find the same robe hanging up again that afternoon (YUK!) The final straw was a blood stain on the white duvet cover and it was put back on the bed instead of a clean one!!!!!! overall our vacation was great but I would certainly find a different hotel next time.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hettyb
<Content>Good value We booked two rooms, one with corner windows, one next door without. Both rooms, on floor eleven, were very nice indeed. Lovely views. Good breakfast in Club breakfast room, also enjoyed hors d'ouvres here. Excellent location for a tourists and the theatre. Had a really good meal in Shula's. No real downside to our stay here except Bell Boy ASKED for a tip on taking our bags from our room to the storage area and had to tip again when he put them in the taxi later on. The rest of the staff very helpful.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Westin NY was terrific! Wonderful time, exactly what we wanted. Terrific location, beautiful room, but what made the hotel special was the people. They were so helpful and friendly and answered all of our questions.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>scott1459
<Content>very nice!! stayed for the weekend of feb.6. Easy walking distance to all. great price and easy check-in  out. great size room as i did ask for a corner room that had huge windows on both sides with a great view.no street noise or hallway noise as well. watch out for the ''mini bar'' as i was told not to touch or remove anything unless youre gonna take it. even if you take it and put it back,you will get charged.(this is a tough rule to follow with small kids along) great stay with beautiful bed  2 shower heads!!   
<Date>Feb 12, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>travelerone12
<Content>Will not go back I am a frequent traveler to NYC, a preferred Starwood customer, and the person responsble for booking more than 1800 room nights a year for my company. While the hotel location is perfect, the service provided by the bell staff really left a stale taste in my mouth and the mindset of -- I will never go back to this hotel nor recommend it to others. The service received is not the Starwood way -- and something I have never received at another hotel. The rooms are spectacular - not worth the money though -- as the walls are not thick and you can hear noise in the hallway, the water passing through the pipes, and some of the painting and caulking around the windows was not properly finished (quite scary). The one positive thing about the hotel: you have the ability to leave your hotel room and take in a movie, go shopping in Times Square, and/or take the train to any part of NYC cant beat -- however, it can be beaten by hotels that value their customers.   As I was departing from the hotel, their bell staff was highly rude and offensive. The bell staff is the first and last point for customers -- and should be the most welcoming. After my treatment -- it almost made me think - my money was not as important as the next customers.   
<Date>Feb 8, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great rooms, good location My husband and I visited and stayed here for 7 nights in September 2004. The rooms were above average in size and we had a fabulous view. We were fortunate to have a great price on the room ($170). We were upgraded at no extra cost. It was in a great location if you are a theater goer. Plenty of restaurants nearby and in walking distance to many local site seeing venues. The only complaint may have been that the hallway noise was noticeable late at night and early morning (but that's hotel life).....I would stay there again if I could find the bargain price we got the first time.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Hotel, close to Times Square I spent 2 nights, early January and first when we got there, we asked for self park ( 25 $), and I think the doorman misunderstood and he gave us a ticket for valet ( 45 $), we first thought that it was self park, he did not say anything. When we check out, we had to speak with the manger for misunderstanding, for extras charge for valet service. Hopefully, they recognized that it was the fault of the doorman. Otherwise, the lobby is nice, I took some pictures and I got interrupted by a employee, who told me that I could not take pictures in the lobby. We got the room 3208, in front of Hudson River, the design of the room was nice same think for the toilet and shower. I can suggest to try this one, but be sure to be understand by the staff !!!  
<Date>Jan 28, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A good attempt (for a chain) at being a 'hip' hotel I had a good-looking room on the 43rd floor and the view was phenomenal. The decor is just the same as every contemporary hotel I've ever been in - modern, pared-down and slick. My room was quiet and reasonably (but not immaculately) clean and the bed was gorgeous. I stayed there because I was on business around the corner; but I would never stay in the Times Square area for pleasure. The SoHo Grand and 60 Thompson are similar in style and price but are located downtown and so are surrounded by a plethora of bars, restaurants, cafes and shops. Times Square is down-market and relatively empty at night and so only appropriate for less fashionable tourists.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SCSTWG
<Content>Above average for NYC Over the past five years, I have travelled to Manhattan bor both business and pleasure upwards of 50 times. I have stayed in a broad range of hotels from the Holiday Inn Martinique to the Waldorf Astoria. This past weekend, I took my wife to some Broadway shows and we stayed at the Westin in Times Square. While I do not think the Westin is a landmark or a must stay, I do feel that the hotel is above average by NYC standards. That said, I beleive the NYC standard is very low for hotel rooms. Rooms are typically smaller and not as well maintained as you may see elsewhere. The rooms at this Westin were good size, contemporary and included typical Westin amenities. All the common areas were well kept and not dated. While I would not consider the hotel impressive, I find it acceptable and would stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stop looking and get booking!! Just back from 3 nights at the Westin Times Square and had to write in to say that it is the most amazing hotel. Our corner room on the 38th floor had the most incredible views, the river out of one side, 8th avenue on the other. So good we slept with the blinds open every night!The hotel is in an excellent location, oozes class and the staff were all very helpful, if a little formal at times. The room was huge, the Heavenly bed was exactly that and the bathroom was clean, bright and spacious.I've stayed in a number of hotels in New York and many around the world - this is right up there as one of my favourites.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location for seeing a Play or Times Square I stayed at this Hotel December 17-19 and found it to be wonderful. Checking looked like it would be chaos due to the narrow street and proximity to Times Square (traffic), but a Doormen approached us almost immediately and gave us tickets for valet parking and our luggage (which was promptly whisked away, and arrived in our room 10 minutes later, which is how long it took to check in). The service was good, not as good as the Ritz-Carlton, but not bad either. The hotels lobby is well appointed (art-deco), the elevators were great, lcd tv's shows programming (not sure why, the elevator is so quick your ears pop from the rapid change in elevation). The double room we reserved was nice, but a little small. The bathroom was fine but for some reason the Westin chose to use a translucent pane of glass and a sliding mechanism rather than latch for the bathroom door. The light made it difficult for anyone to use in the middle of the night. The Hotel's beds are as advertised: phenomenal! The great selling point about the Hotel is the location and adjacent entertainment (BB King Blues Club downstairs, Shulas Steak House directly in front of the lobby, within the Hotel, great Bar Lounge. All in all a Wonderful Westin stay. Added note, NO traffic noise from the streets below.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not as good as we'd hoped We stayed at the Westin New York, Times Square from 18th - 21st November 2004. It was a special 30th birthday treat for my friend and I so we wanted a little luxury whilst we were in NY and thought the Westin sounded ideal. We booked  flew with Virgin who were brilliant but we were very unsatisfied with hotel. We arrived in NY late afternoon and finally got to the hotel about 6pm. We had requested a high up, non smoking, twin room but to our disappointment were told that they only had 2 rooms available for us - both on 16th floor (not very high for NY standards) one was a non-smoking 1 bed room the other was a smoking double bed room. We opted for the smoking room! The receptionist said that if it smelt too much to let them know and they would re-clean it! It wasn't too bad. The room itself wasn't as 'fancy' as we'd imagined and was rather gloomy will all the dark colours, nevertheless it was clean and the bed was extremely comfy. Location wise it is excellent, very centrally located, although the Milford Plaza is just a few streets away, so just as good location-wise but a lot cheaper! Whatever you do DO NOT use the telephone in your room to dial oversea's! We made a total of 5 calls between us totalling 17 minutes and got a bill for $101 (so it cost approx. æ‹¢30 to call the UK for a 2 minute call)!! We had no idea it would be so expensive to do this. New York itself is magicial and we had a wonderful time, just wish we'd saved on the hotel and gone to something a little cheaper as we spent very little time there and were fairly disappointed with the Westin.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Heavenly Bed Wonderful! Stayed at the Westin Times Square for Thanksgiving week. It is a greathotel and a perfect location to everything! The rooms are very clean and the staff conceirge was very hepful to all of our needs. The beds were to die for. The only problem we had was waking up in the morning. With those beds we did not want to get out of them. We willdefinately stay at the Westin Times Square again! Oh, and make sure to visit Roxy's for the best cheesecake ever! It's just right around the corner. Great hotel, great location, and great prices!  
<Date>Jan 16, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MarkHooper
<Content>I expected a lot better! My wife and I stayed at the Westin from 4th to the 8th December, 2004. Perhaps I`m being very niave, but it was our 25th Wedding Anniversary on the day we booked in, and although I mentioned this when booking a few months earlier, there was not as much as a free newspaper in our room when we arrived. The check-in clerk knew about our anniversary from notes on the screen, but still tried to sell me an upgrade without a trace of personal service. A 5 dollar bunch of cheap flowers would have meant the world to us!Anyway, much more important to would-be patrons of the hotel are the facts, facts, facts. The room was a decent size with an average, but not spectacular view. It was clean and had up-to-date decor but not well lit. The bathroom however was not nearly as clean as I would have expected for a modern hotel. Corner areas were positively filthy and in general it was small, dark and claustrophobic. Most worrying and disturbing was the fact that you could hear a pin drop in the hallway outside, and when we had noisey neighbours for a night in a room opposite, we heard every shout, scream and swearword! Noise from the room adjoining ours was also easily heard. For this reason alone, I would very much doubt ever using the hotel again. I need my sleep!Shulahs Restaurant onsite served excellent food,but I found to be very expensive, and if you like to sit 40 foot apart from your partner at the end of a long narrow table,but 2 inches from the stanger next to you, you won`t be dissappointed! I`m sure that given the teeming metropolis of NY, there must be hotels offering better value-for-money.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Feeber
<Content>Funky but a tad disappointing on some things I stayed at this hotel on business for a week in October 2003.This is a very funky looking hotel! The outside looks awesome, with glass shooting up into the sky. You have to go up an escalator to get into the lobby which is ok unless you want to take your own bags in which case it was a bit unwieldy. Check in was ok, but I got the impression we were one of many and so service was not as personal as it can be in other Westin hotels. I got a corner room which gave me a bit of extra space which was nice. The normal size room that my colleague had was not as big and kind of square which was a bit odd. Bed was divine! Shower was too! The decor was nice, but sort of metallic (I think that is the funky part!). My recollectiion of the food is that it was acceptable but not stand out.It was well located - right near Times Square which was very cool. That was a lot of fun, and probably great if you are NYC on holidays.I'd stay there again but not before trying some of the other Starwood hotels first.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Globetrotter73
<Content>Don't bother I have stayed at this hotel twice (don't ask me why I put myself through the pain a second time..........it was out of my control). All I can say is that their internet site gives a much rosier image of the hotel than in reality. I agree whole-heartedly with other comments about grumpy staff (understatement), poor lighting, decor etc etc etc. There are plenty of other hotels in New York to choose from. All I can say is that the people who think this hotel is wonderful certainly don't travel enough, or more importantly don't stay at quality hotels on a regular basis. As a Starwood Platinum card holder my opinion should be valued by Starwood...................lets hope they actually read some of the comments on this site. In the meantime, avoid this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel! The only glitch we had was in upgrading to the Executive Club for $35 extra a night, and having to wait til $4:30 the first day to check in because others already staying where we wanted to stay (corner room) had the right to stay til 4:30 for check out. We were not advised that we might have to wait so it was a little frustrating. Nevertheless, the amenities of access to the lounge for Executive Club members, the included continental breakfast, drinks all day (free, if non-alcoholic), and a great hors d'ouevres meal.....plus two gigantic tv's, made the wait worth it. Service is great, the hotel followed up on every request almost immediately and the heavenly bed is almost impossible to get out of in the morning. You other tripadvisor commentators were right; this is a great hotel and very, very reasonably priced, given its location in Times Square. We'll stay there again, for sure. Oh, don't forget to ask for a corner room. Fantastic views.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Joski69
<Content>Typical hihg end Manhattan Spent 4 nights over Thanksgiving weekend. (a little late with my review) Arrived at the hotel at 7 a.m. Thanksgiving morning, checked our bags with the bellman downstairs and were in our rooms indiside of 10 minutes. I will say that I am a Starwood Preffered guest and paid for a high floor, king corner room but still never expected to have a room ready at this early hour.Room was oversized by Manhattan standards and had all of the typical Westin amenities. Bathroom was a little small but the shower was awesome.(did not have hot water issues others described) Bed was also the standard heavenly bed that just trumps the competitions.To be fair, I have to say that we used very few of the hotels amenities and had almost no interaction with hotel staff after check in. Our room was clean and restocked properly each day when we returned.Views were outstanding and noise on high floor was non existent. Hotel is in the heart of the action. Friends were staying at Crowne Plaza for similar rate and the Westin room and location were far superior. Also have stayed at the Muse which is lower priced, equal in room, bed and shower quality but not as close to the action as the Westin. Great hotel but keep in mind that you are paying for location.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel, busy location My husband and I stayed at the Westin Times Square in early Jan 05 for one night. We got a great deal on the internet for $179 per night. I was surprised our room was on the 31st floor which had a fabulous view. The room is big for NY standard. We are in NY usually twice a year and have stayed in other hotels such as Parker Meridien, Four Seasons and W. The Westin is a great hotel and at an ideal location for 1st timers to NY. Times Square can be kind of hectic but the hotel provides a great resting place. All the staff was extremely helpful and friendly. My only complaint was with Housekeeping. Our room only had one Heavenly bath towel so we called for another one. We called 3x and they never brought us the towel. If you find a good rate, I recommend staying here. You can't go wrong with the Heavenly Bed and Shower.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A little sneaky!!! Upon checking in, the desk clerk sold us a package that included all local, long distance and internet access calls for a package price of approx. $18.00 including tax for a 24 hour period, we stated we wanted 5 nights of this packageéˆ¥î›”ot a problem. The next morning we woke to a $257.00 phone bill. We called and were assured these charges would be removed upon check out. Two days later I checked the interactive charges on the television and discovered phone charges mounting to $737.00, again we called and were reassured. When we checked out, the same desk clerk who sold us the package also handed us a bill in the amount $1,339.00. We reminded him of the package he sold us and he did remove the charges, but had to be asked and didnéˆ¥æª› seem too happy to accommodate us.Great location and the service at the Westin was great; however, check your bill out before leaving and I suggest going to the front desk to do so, especially if you left a credit card for a deposit. A bill for $1,339 was reduced to a minimal $94.00 including two movie charges.The hotel web-site is misleading, the hotel is not as nice and deco as reported. Rooms are small with little lighting and no storage space in the bathrooms. Given the age of this hotel, it is starting to look a little rough.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>envacance4
<Content>Mediocre Hotel Spent an overnight at the WTS this January. Hotel lobby is rather dull (looks much nicer on line), had to wait until 5 to check in. Executive club king room was clean and adequate space, however, the bathroom is like a prison bath (small single stainless steel sink) very small area for shower. No room to put anything. In general, room decor is stark . Heavenly bed was comfortable. Club room did not even have hot water for tea or coffee, did indeed look like a bad airport lobby room. Gym facility was adequate, nice view, but a bit small. Overall I found this hotel to be very average and will stay elsewhere next time.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Fl0r15t
<Content>Nice Hotel But Erratic Service       Hotel Bar on Xmas Day  
<Date>Jan 7, 2005
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Westin Times Square Stayed five days at the Westin Times Square Dec. 19-23. First impression looks like a factory and very impersonal. Had to wait after 4 p.m. for check in. Room at Club Level was comfortable and clean, however free breakfast and afternoon drinks in the worst, small room that looked like an airport lounge. Not attractive food and had to pay extra for wine and alcohol which is not the norm elsewhere. Location too close to Eigth Avenue which is a rough area and so dirty....better off closer to Times Square if chose this area. Marriott Marquis much better on all points and best is W Times Square.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place , great service! Our family of four just got back from 3 great days at the Westin. The room was awesome (make sure to request a corner room, great view!). The service was great. The staff was always ready to help with a smile! The location is perfect. What else can I say?I would go back there, and would highly recommend it.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Trip We spent from December 20 to December 25 at the Westin in Times Square. It was our first trip to New York and it was enjoyable as well as memorable. We loved the central location for sight-seeing, Broadway Shows, Good Morning America and shopping. We liked being able to get on the subway quickly. You can even take an express ride from our hotel to Grand Central Station to eat, shop or visit the gourmet market. We loved the double head shower and the heavenly bed. We would definately recommend this hotel to anyone wishing to have a good time in New York City.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic!!! A wonderful Westin. My wife and I recently stayed at the Westin to celebrate her birthday. This is a great Westin. If you are a regular to Westin properties this one will certainly meet your criteria. Do yourself a favor and request a corner room, it has windows on both corner walls giving it a much bigger feel than a regular room. This is an excellent location if your interested in spending time around Times Square and within 10 minutes walking distance from all that famous New York shopping. The staff were also very helpful.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place My husband and I stayed at the Westin Times Square. It was very nice!! The beds are indeed heavenly ! The bathrooms are nice and new, very clean! I was very happy to stay there. Check out their website directly. We found a great deal for $179 per night, whereas all other websites were offering $259. You have to search around their website to find it...kind of tricky. The staff was very nice. It's steps away from Broadway and right around the corner is the Europan Cafe (not the European Cafe). The breakfasts and lunches are delicious. We also recommend the European Cafe panini sandwhiches and tiramisus! We love to visit NY and the Westin is indeed where we'll stay again!  
<Date>Dec 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>paluvsnyc
<Content>No Complaints about the Westin We stayed at the Westin Times Square on December 5, 2004 and had a very nice stay. With hotel prices so high for the holidays we didn't know if we would be able to stay in the city or not. We actually had reservations to stay in NJ, but canceled because we really wanted to be in Manhattan. We then made reservations at the Sheraton NY Hotel and Towers. We had stayed at the Sheraton Manhattan in the summer and were very pleased with the hotel, especially the friendly and helpful staff. So when we were able to get a room at either Sheraton for under $300 we decided to give the other one a try this time. But then I looked on Hotwire and saw a deal for a Times Square 4 Star hotel for less than $200. I did a lot of research on various sites and deducted that the hotel was probably the Westin at Times Square. I had never used Hotwire before but decided to give it a try, and boy am I glad I did. I purchased the hotel room for half the price of what I was going to pay for a comprable room. The Westin had mixed reviews on this site but I knew we wouldn't be spending much time in the room so I'm glad I took the gamble. From check-in to check-out we did not have any complaints. The rooms weren't anything great but they were big enough for 2 adults and 2 preteens and most important - they were clean! The lady that check us in was very accommodating ( we were also able to check in early). I asked for 2 double beds and a non-smoking room and got it without hesitation. It was raining the next morning and we were given complimentary umbrellas to use for the rest of our stay. The bellhops were great. We stayed a Sunday night and the hotel was not very busy and the elevators were alway quick to take us where we needed .We stored our luggage after checking out and they were very helpful. If the price is right we would stay at the Westin again.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2004
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Unicorn28
<Content>Loved The Westin Time SQ I stayed in The Westin earlier this year. Its a 1st Class hotel and I can't imagine staying anywhere else when in NYC. The rooms are big by New York Standards, very clean, have all the essentials plus a few extras. The higher rooms have amazing views  yes the bed is heavenly!!!. Staff are very friendly and helpfull, what more can you ask for. My only negative point would be about the shop, its too small for a hotel of this size but with Times Sq only a minute away its not a big issue.In conclusion, I loved the hotel  even though it was very busy during my stay the service was prompt. I will be traveling back to New York soon  I'm definately staying here again.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Jaclynn_B
<Content>I'm in love with this hotel, the best experience ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I could not have asked for a better hotel, staff, service or anything else. The Westin is the classiest hotel I have ever stayed in, I would choose this hotel over the Plaza. The location is amazing, the staff especially Chris who works the night shift is amazing, we were stuck without a place to stay and he accomodated us at 12:00 a.m. and took care of everything we needed for the rest of this trip. I will stay at the Westin on every trip I go on in the future in any city especially NYC.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>My favorite NY hotel thus far! Not sure what all the other bad review were about, but here's my experience.1. Excellent location to the theatres, also the little 24hrs cafe/baker right next door on 8th ave is wonderful and convenient.2. Beautiful modern decor throughout the hotel.3. Helpful staff, gave me tips on getting to the airport on time and even loaned us an umbrella. 4. Spacious, nicely decorated rooms, had a king sized bed that was the most comfortable hotel bed i've ever slept in.Personally, I like new, modern, clean looking hotels and this one is my favorite hotel in NY thus far. Got the room at about 50% off the official web page price on priceline.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We Love The Westin New York at Times Square My Wife  I just spent last weekend at The Westin New York at Times Square and consider this hotel a solid choice when staying in Manhattan. We checked in last Friday evening and were treated well by the front desk. We had a corner deluxe room on the 33rd floor with a beautiful view of Uptown and the Hudson River. The Heavenly Bed was absolutely terrific. We slept like logs. The deluxe room was nicely appointed and very clean and spacious. The room also included a very nice desk and a modern flat screen TV (HBO incl.). The bathroom was very modern and roomy and also included a wonderful shower head with two heads. If you can book this hotel for a reasonable rate this is definitely a fine choice for NYC. Be sure to request a deluxe room with a view (20th floor or higher facing West, North or South) directly with their reservation desk if this is important to you. We will definitely be back. We Love New York  The Westin New York at Times Square!!!  
<Date>Nov 23, 2004
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>BEST HOLIDAY EVER! by the Taylor family I stayed at the Westin hotel with my parents in March, it was an 18th birthday present (very grateful). as we had never visited New York we immensly excited, the fact we were staying in a posh hotel was even better. i have to say the hotel was better than i had expected we were an the 37th floor the view was amazing. the location made our holiday, as it is so central. i would definatley suggest this hotel, we did not have any problems with our hotel only our tour operator. it added to the experience of the New York and i am saving to go again. superb  
<Date>Nov 22, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Avoid this hotel Hello,I am writing about my awful experience and waste of pts. to stay in the WESTIN-TIMES SQUARE. When we arrived from driving and being awake since 4am-our room that was supposed to be ready by 3pm as stated on their website-was NOT. We had dinner reservations and had no time to get ready. We where told to wait to be called. NO one called as we waited at the lounge in front of the check in desk. I watched many many people check out late-therefore they must have let all of the guests check out late. This was confirmed as I asked to speak to a manager at 3:30 pm (half hour after we where supposed to be allowed to check in). He mentioned that they had a lot of late check outs. How can this happen when you see how many will be checking in the next day. Poor managment and very snobby attitudes where the one consistent of this hotel. The bar tender ignored us as we waited to order our drinks and continued to talk to her other co workers while seeing us standing there. The concierge also did not help us when I went up to ask how far away where our dinner reservations located. He did not want to be bothered to do his job. THEN we went outside after being in a rush to our dinner reservations and my husband had to catch our cab the attendents that we told we needed a cab also ignored our requests. THIS hotel is awful and waste of my pts. I did not even spend 24 hours in this hotel and lost 10K pts. here. We are expected to check out on time but not get into our room until whenever they want to say it is ready-in our case they totally forgot we where sitting there waitingTO top it off-THEY have charged me for the mini bar that I have NEVER USED! Now I have to wait for the credit to go through. THIS WAS A TERRIBLE EXPERIENCE and I am hesistant to even keep my affiliation with Starwood. Starwood claims to be of the best in the world which at this point I know longer beleive. This was my first expereince using my pts. and it will probably will be my last.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Grant_CA
<Content>Disapointed...on every level I have stayed at many hotels in NYC over the last few years and while the Westin is not terrible it rates somewhere close to the best western with a Westin name tag. Here is some of the good and bad...I arrived to find very long check in lines and only a few people working, I was told that my non-smoking king was now a smoking two doubles. When I asked if they had anything else available I was told nothing is guaranteed and they are very busy this time of year. I guess being part of a huge corporate account doesn't get you very far. In the end they found me a non-smoking but without a king but in a lower category of room...I'll live. The room was very.....sparse and cheap in my opinion, bathroom was tiny, no counter space, one of my towels was dirty, the metal trim on the windows is supposed to be industrial but it felt more like a motel 6. In the end I would not recommend this hotel their are many others in the city with better rooms and service. Not to be a total bad guy, the view was great of the river, my bed was very comfortable and the TV worked.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>twoworlds
<Content>Excellent Undoubtedly I got lucky with a corner room, but the Westin hotel was fantastic in so many ways. First and foremost, (and all too rare these days) there's a staff that is helpful, courteous, and actually knowledgable. Check in was a breeze. The room was great, with gorgeous views, and of course the Heavenly beds. After a full day walking the streets of New York for miles on end, sinking into those cool, crisp sheets on the soft bed truly was Heaven! We got large bottles of complimentary water each day. We were up high, but there was absolutely no street or traffic noise in our room. The bathroom was huge by New York standards, with large windows giving it a sense of even more space, (and an incredible view) and a double headed shower of my dreams!I would normally elect to stay anywhere BUT Times Square, but had no choice this time because the city was booked out. I honestly thought I was taking a risk with this hotel and was expecting to be disappointed. After literally hours of internet research this is not the place I would have chosen, so I was delighted to find it excelled in every way.The hotel is actually a block away from Times Square, so it is no as frenetic as being on the square, although being close everything is available within 50 feet! The price was good, the service was good, no complaints at all. I will definitely stay here next time, and I'll forget spending any more hours of research trying to find any place to beat it. What I like about this hotel as opposed to a W, is that this is new and modern, with clean/simple design, but not too cool for us ordinary folk.PS: When we were leaving for the airport, we had 1/2 hour to spare and needed to eat. We popped into Bar 10 downstairs and shared a foot long coney island pretzel dog. Something I had never heard of, a big ole hotdog wrapped in a pretzel. It sounded kind of dodgy to me but it was the quickest thing to order for 2 starving people - and OH MY! All I can say is that thing was soooo delicious, it was a good thing I was leaving or I would have been down there eating a hot dog for dinner every day. Try it with a glass of red; one of the best meals I've had all year...........  
<Date>Nov 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Goon Squad and Bed Bugs After checking out of this hotel, I moved my bags to their street level entrance waiting for transportation. Because my bags were heavy I decided to sit down on a couch that was in this area. After sitting for a few minutes, two tall men walked over to me and asked me if I was a guest in the hotel. I told them I had just checked out and was waiting for transportation. They informed me that I could not sit inside this lobby and asked me to leave. When I refused, they stood over me and one of them grabbed my arm and I was lifted up and told to take my bags and walk out of the hotel.The hotel room also had insects that looked like bed bugs.I don't know if anyone has ever had an experience like this, but I would not recommend this place.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>poopie22
<Content>Great stay, great location.... We had a great stay at the Westin. Located only 2 blocks from Times Square, this is where the action is. The rooms were nice and clean, the bed luxuriously comfortable, and the Heavenly Bath great! Room service was prompt, and the front staff was kind in extending our checkout time. Free cable and a daily paper are also pluses.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Liked it We (me, hubby and 4 yr old son) liked the hotel. I did try to get a corner room or even check in early but to no avail. All in all, we like this hotel, the staff were very helpful and the breakfast and hors d ovrues for the club rooms were great. We were on the 15th floor and we can still hear all the traffic noise but i guess we got used to it. I still think it's a little pricey (rack rate for a deluxe club double room is $600) but the beds were awesome and the bathroom huge (for NY).  
<Date>Nov 3, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>MemberfromPadova
<Content>Excellent choice Back in the big apple after a few years of absence. I got what I expected from a Westin Hotel: convenient location, quiet room, very comfortable bed and excellent overall service. Suitable for both for your business and family travel.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Highly Recommend Great location, large room, comfortable bed, great view of river from window, and helpful staff make this a great choice. We got one night free on our five night stay. Great value for money in Times Square. We will stay there again on our next trip. Highly recommend.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice location but I expected more I took my three children to NYC in July. Upon our arrival, our room was ready (I called before leaving our home to request a corner room, the gentleman said that would be fine - but upon our arrival, there was non available) - the room and view were fine - my children liked watching on activity on the street! The location is great - easy access to the subway. The hotel itself lacks. There is nothing great about the lobby - very cold and stark. You would think the ambiance would be nicer - no special little luxuries for the guests who are paying a good price to stay here! There is a limited choice of places to pick up food (which in a city like NYC and a hotel like the Westin, there should be). The hotel little store is a real joke - tucked away in a corner and you can purchase nothing here!). As for the room - the beds are nice; the bathroom is over rated - the door to the bathroom is hard to close (and it doesn't really close - also there is no lock on it and when you do close it - it slams against the wall - no counter space in the bathroom so if you have more than one person staying in the room you will have trouble putting your bathroom items somewhere. When you are paying good money for a hotel, why do they charge you for the complimentary newspaper? All I can say is that I will look into other hotels in the area before returning to the Westin - I stayed at the Hyatt Orlando Hotel in the Orlando Airport the night before leaving for NYC and that hotel had the Westin beat! The bathroom was large and very nicely laid out and the amenities very nice! I will definitely return to NYC I love the city but will look into other hotels.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Superb Absolutely superb. Got a 3 nights for the price of two offer which meant we had 3 nights in a 27th floor corner room with fantastic views for æ‹¢100 per night ($550 inc tax for the stay).The rooms were absolutely beautiful - sleek, well equipped and suitably luxurious. Would go back in a New York second.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Braindrain
<Content>Great hotel  I stayed from Sept 26 to Oct 1. I arrived LATE, around 11:00 pm. To my surprise, they recognized my Starwood status and gave me an upgrade to a larger room on the 40th floor. Check-in/out and concierges were excellent. I had access to the lounge. There was the standard continental breakfast and evening hors d'oeurves were decent. The Westin was supposed to have opened just 2 years ago but I think it's renovated from an older hotel. Needless to say, the room was large (for NYC standards) and a/c worked great. The location is excellent and has very convenient access to the subway. No complaints at all with this hotel  will definitely stay again.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dshaver
<Content>Nice hotel but I expected more for the price -- I left just satisfied. My wife and I stayed here for three nights over a weekend in September 2004. I booked on Westin web site and paid an average of $220/night for a large, 11th floor, club level, corner room. While we did not have a view of the city, the room was very spacious by NYC standards. Overall we had a nice experience at the Westin, but it did not knock our socks off. If I had paid the $330/night rate rather than the 3-for-2 rate, I'd be way less happy.In general I'd say the staff was friendly and helpful but did not go out of their way to help make the stay special. Concierges were good and had great advice. Location was great -- close to Times Square and Theaters. Dream bed/shower were very nice. Overall, a good stay, but it seemed like we should have gotten more out of the hotel given the price.What that summary out of the way, here are a few more details.I'm a pretty frequent business traveller; about 100 nights a year in hotels. On an average trip I'm not very picky about hotels; I use these items to judge the quality/performance of the hotel experience against the price:1) Quiet room; Westin gets an A+ grade; no major noise from other guests2) Ability to control the room temperature; A+; great system3) Comfortable bed; A++++; Dream Bed was awesome4) Working space for laptop with reasonable access to phone, power, and Internet connection; grade A; great workspace and nice chair. I was unhappy with the $15/night for Internet fee, however.See? I told you I'm easy. :-)Much further down the list in my performance considerations:5) Competency and friendliness of staff; A6) Speed of check-in and check-out; A+; very fast7) Quality of food/beer either in hotel or nearby; A+; come on, it's Times Square -- you can find anything and it is all good!8) Lack of stupid charges like in room safe, extra fee for phone calls over 20 mins, etc; grade C; high costs for Internet and phone calls. I mean, really, $1.75 for a single 2 minute phone call to an 800 number? They also put a parking fee of $45/night on my room even though I did not have a car. Mistake or revenue enhancement? I don't know...With all of those performance criteria in mind, I measure price. You can tell that the Westin gets a solid A or maybe even an A+ in my mind -- great hotel, staff, etc. But measured against price, I'm a bit more reserved. Hotels in NYC are expensive and thus my expectations are very high. If I had same experience and quality of staff in Des Moines or Austin, I would have been raving. However, in NYC (at $220/night) I went away just satisfied.Bottom line: Stay here if you like the location and based on price you think Westin is being competitive. Said another way, don't over pay expecting an incredible experience.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AndreyBY
<Content>Wonderful view and location I came to New York in September 2004. For the weekend I chose the Westin Times Square primarily becase of location and the view, as I brought my wife who came to New York for the first time. Because of some controversial reviews on this site I was not so sure about the quality. But what I can tell is that both interiors and service fully meet expectations of a 4+ star hotel. And the view over the Hudson river, downtown and Statue of Liberty was terrific.Of course, it's a large hotel which may be crowded. But the service is absolutely adeqate. The deluxe room I stayed was well maintained although a bit dusty which was seen because of the sunshine. So cleaning might be improved although I am not sure you can avoid dst at all. I also liked design of the room which is very contemporary which makes Westin similar to W hotels. Size of the room is just adequate again.To conclude, based on the price/quality ratio the hotel is excellent. After staying at Westin, I moved to St. Regis for business purposes, and of course they cannot be compared, but the latter is much more expensive and has very few rooms with the view.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Consistent Performer Our family keeps returning to this hotel for business and pleasure due to its great location, solid service, comfortable rooms and good food. Spent a long weekend here over Labor Day and it was great. Shula's Restaurant is one of the best steakhouses in NY. Subway is very convenient and Macy's is just a few blocks away. Rooms are comfortable and quiet. Bath's are large and comfortable as well. While the Times Sq. area can be noisy, congested and a bit seedy, the Westin stands out as a great place to stay if looking to see a show or two while in the city.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ericfaust
<Content>Top Quality at a great location       Nice Rooms  
<Date>Sep 22, 2004
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Mickayla98
<Content>We Loved the Westin! We stayed at the Westin New York at Times Square during August 19-23. The hotel is so close to all the action! We loved the room! We're still talking about the Heavenly Bed and Heavenly Bath! We asked for a high floor corner room but found out that all the corner rooms were booked. We got a high floor room with the most spectacular view! We will definitely come back!  
<Date>Sep 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>the best hotel stay ever i stayed in this hotel for 6nts in november as i am a travel agent i spent many hours searching for a comfortable hotel with an excellent location. i stumbled across the westin excellent rate on a room so i booked it! upon arrival to the hotel could'nt believe the wow factor the brochures at home did not do this hotel justice!! we had a room on the 44th floor with a view of the empire state building it was amazing! the beds were truly heavenly so was the shower ever morning we felt refreshed and ready the long days ahead of us.The hotel staff were extremly friendly and could'nt do enough for us many thanks to them all.i now recommed the hotel to ever customer who wents a break in new york city, and......... i am returning to the hotel in feburary...cannot wait for the bed again.....lolthank you westin  
<Date>Sep 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Westin Time Square I loved my stay at the Westin Time Square and I would stay there again.I travel a few times a year and I use trip advisor to help pick my hotels. I read most of the reviews and I was surprised by the negative ones.I was only at the Westin for one night but the service and the room was great. First off, I arrived at 9 AM. Check in usually not until 3 PM, however, when I got to the front desk I was told they had a room ready and I could check in if I wanted to. This was great since I was up since 4:30 AM and was in need of a short nap before head out into the city.The room was great. Not the biggest I stayed in but very clean. The bed was amazing. It was a King with extra pillows and a down comforter that made you want to sleep for days. Next the shower was great. It had 2 shower heads. I think I styed in there for 40 minutes. As you may also read the location was great and you can see the building for blocks so it make it hard to get lost.If I had anything negative to say it would be the room could have use a little more light. And the air condition seemed to work to well (smile) I like it cool but I truned it down to much and the room was like a ice box so be careful when setting the temp. And as with most hotels I would avoid the mini bar. I paid $4.50 for a 8 0z soda. There are a ton of mini marts in the area so stop on your way in an grab a drink.Again one of the best hotels to stay in. I will definately stay here on my next trip to NYC.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never, never again ! I stayed 2 nights at the Westin New York, on September 8 and 9, 2004 and will never stay in this hotel again.The reception is as arrogant and unfriendly as you can be.The first night, the room was not what I had reserved and paid for on the Westin web site (incidentally, this seems usual at Westin since it already happened to me in August. I booked and paid in advance for a room in Florida with sea view on the Westin web site and was denied such a room). There was litterally no light in the room because of a wall about 4 feet off the window. The bath room had not been cleaned properly. In addition, the fridge of the mini bar was not working (and was never fixed despite my requests. Actually, nobody came to ckeck what was wrong!). After talking with 2 managers, they finally gave me the room I had paid for for the 2nd night.It was even worse ! The room was litterally above the air conditionning system of an other building, which created restless noise. In addition, there wassome old food (e.g. rock-hard bagels and muffins which had not been totally eaten) left by a previous gest !!!The manager finally offered this last night but I will never never stay again in this hotel ! Talk about the Westin quality standard !  
<Date>Sep 11, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>katieloumatt93
<Content>Great base for NYC Just returned from a 3 night break which I organized as a surprise for my husband's 4oth. Westin was a fantastic base right across the road from the port aurthority bus terminal so we didn't have to walk too far with our bags through the crowded streets. Hotel very impressive, although I did call a couple of weeks prior to our trip to request a corner foom after reading a review on this site. The receptionist assured me she had taken a note of this, when we came to check-in they just said they were sold out of corner rooms and had no knowledge of my call! That was after being kept on hold from England for 5 minutes!!! Anyway, that did not mar our experience,the staff were courteous and delivered bathrobes and extras to our room almost immediately. Shower and bath fantastic.Didn't eat at the hotel - very expensive, steaks were $40!!! Ate out locally more reasonably. All in all a great time, just that 3 days isn't long enough, especially with a 7 hour flight on either side!!!! Enjoy  
<Date>Sep 7, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>One of the worst hotel experiences ever My stay at the Westin Times Square has been one of the worst hotel experiences ever. It was my last night in New York and was leaving at 6pm from JFK: I needed to store my luggage until 3 pm, but because of the Republican Convention the hotel did not provide this service. The staff was totally unhelpful: the only reply I got was that I should have carried my luggage to the Sheraton at my own expense and to pay 3 dollars for each bag! Unbelievable! I asked for a late check-out instead and they said they could not provide it. I had to change all my plans for the day, and arrived at the airport 5 hours before the departure of my flight.The hotel in itself is nice, although I have seen much better hotels (Le Meridien in Vienna has a much more elegant style). The bathroom is quite ugly, and the heavenly shower is nothing more than a shower with a double shower head. In my room there was only one bath robe and no slippers. I would not reccomend this hotel to anyone, and will certainly choose another place to stay when I return to New York City.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2004
<Rating>1	3	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel! We stayed at the Westin Times Square on August 22nd and 23rd. After a lot of research, we ended up booking a room at the Westin based on the reviews posted on this website. We booked the room through westin website and requested a corner room on a high floor. The rate was $265 for 2 double beds. Upon checking in, the front desk representative asked if we would like to wait until 2:00 PM (normal check-in is 3:00 PM) for a corner room on the 45th floor (top floor). The fact that they had our special request on the screen in front of them was very impressive. The room was very clean, modern and the view was probably the best in the entire hotel. The staff was very nice, and although the bomb sniffing dogs and tight security coming in and out of the hotel each time (due to the RNC preparations) was a bit of an inconvenience, the staff was great. Although we hated the Times Square area, the hotel is centrally located to all of the major sights in the city.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2004
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>parishoes
<Content>Hated the staff's attitude...(but loved the bed)! You decide. I just returned from a two-night stay at the Weston, and I was very disappointed, mostly with the cold, uncaring service offered by the staff of the hotel. First of all, I had reserved only one room, but was adamantly told that I had reserved two! They refused to cancel the second room, and charged me accordingly! Next, since the room wasn't ready upon our arrival, we checked our bags with the bellman and went to lunch. Upon returning to the hotel, the bellman insisted that my young daughter's backpack was never with the luggage checked. I asked him if he would kindly check as it was a child's bag that would be easily identifiable. He refused. I complained to the manager, and suddenly the bag appeared from the checked room. (Thank goodness, as my daughter was very upset to have lost her prized possessions...including blankie.) And so our stay went. While the bed was truly heavenly, the attitude of the staff dampened the joy of our stay. For the money, I'd look elsewhere.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not mind-blowing, but ok... Just back after a 6 day stay at the Westin NY Times Square. First things first: if you really want to be in Times Square, this hotel is perfectly located. And make sure you have a room on higher levels (as from level 23) so you'll be able to enjoy a silent night. The problem with the Westin is that I booked it as being a tourist, while the hotel is all corporate. The people working there, the rooms, the public spaces: it's business all around. (also meaning: everything is extra,extra, extra. One rip-off exemple is the internet access; it's 14.95 $ for 24-hours...but they don't make it clear that for them, 24-hours start at 12 noon...). The room decoration lacks inspiration; I had a junior suite which offers sufficient space, although the bathroom is BIG, there is only one sink and the bath is made for SMALL people). Staff (especially bell men) are not too friendly, but hey this is NYC. All in all, if you really have/want/need to stay at Times Square and you want a clean, well-equipped room, than the Westin is a good choice. If not, for the money paid, there are a dozen better options available off Times Square...  
<Date>Aug 27, 2004
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Westin Times Square We had only one complaint about the hotel, getting there. What should have been a 4 hr drive turned into a 7 hour one. And once we got into the city from the lincoln tunnel, the directions were a bit confusing. We suggest taking train or plane into the city. Driving in NYC is not recommended!Okay, now for the hotel. The concierges, Nick and Melanie, who we used, were the best. Very helpful and knew their city. Where to shop, eat, etc...The hotel is very clean and modern. Our room, which was on a high floor (38) was a corner one. This is highly recommended. We had great views of the river and downtown. The hotel is not noisy at night. We slept like babies. The shower was great...2 shower heads.One other bad thing is that every thing is extra. Parking was $45/night, if you even opened the fridge in the room, you would be charged, etc... I guess NYC is like that. (try to seperate a sandwhich at the celebrity deli, and they charge you)Overall, a great time and a great place to stay.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>leahmsherman
<Content>The Westin is heavenly We stayed one night at the Westin in July 2004 so we could go to a Broadway show. The hotel is wonderful. The heavenly bed is, well, heavenly. The room is spacious. We had view of the river, which was nice, but I can't imagine any view of New York would be bad. The hotel was easily within walking distance of lots of theaters and right in the middle of the action. Try the hotel bar, its laid-back and relaxing and the buzzed lemonade is killer!  
<Date>Aug 19, 2004
<Rating>5	2	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great beds, depressing modern decor The hotel is too modern for my tastes. It gives it a depressing feel, but the beds are wonderful. The black slate floors in the bathroom always look dirty. It was nice and quiet.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TakeOffEh2
<Content>Honest review. Alright. I picked this hotel after reading the reviews. I've been to New York many times, and each time I stayed at a different hotel. In my (and my wife's) opinion, the Westin TS was amazing. Of course the location was great, the hotel was clean, modern, and secure. Really, if you are looking for a nice, good size hotel room, in the heart of NY, you simply can't beat it. Complaints from anyone surely can't be for the hotel itself, unless you are comparing to the Ritz or Four Seasons. We did however have some minor issues. First, we couldn't get an upgrade (if you are a starwood member it's automatic) because there were no rooms left (we checked in at 2:30pm). They did put us on a 'high' floor, but really, whats the difference between the 30th and 25th floors. Also, I forgot my eye glasses in the car (my mistake), and going to track them down was a little pain. The valet parking is a block down the street, then you have to navigate the garage to find your car. And finally, my biggest gripe was that they charged me for valet parking when it was included in my rate. It was simply taken off (without an apology), when I went down to the front desk. Still, it's just a pain to have to go down to the FD and wait in line to ask to have the charge taken off. Also, they promote late checkout, but we were told 1pm (sunday) was the latest because they were busy that day.So, to wrap up. Some minor issues with the service, but if you are looking for a great place to stay while enjoying New York, then take my advice and look no further.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Stay! Just returned from a weekend at the Westin NY Times Square with my 23 year old daughter. Thanks to whoever suggested asking for a corner room - the view was wonderful. Got a great rate through starwood.com for a club room. Breakfast and hors d'oevres were great. Location was ideal - walked to Broadway shows 3 nights and walked over to 5th Avenue. Close to Times Square but quiet. Clean and comfortable. Concierge staff friendly and helpful. Will definately stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>zoot
<Content>Very disappointing We stayed here for three nights during July. Our trip had been booked over ten months ago and we checked in around 7pm. We were told that there were no corner rooms left and if we had wanted a good room we should have checked in earlier!!! Like I really wanted to hear that when I've been travelling for 20 hours. Unlike many hotels, the Westin at Times Square does not take into account whether or not you have paid full price for a room or when the booking is made when your room is allocated to you. Therefore my advice is to book via the net on the cheapest rate and make sure that you are there to check in at noon. After all the hotel knows that it does not have to rely on repeat business, so why be accommodating.The family room we were given on the 20th floor was small and I will never be convinced that it was the room we had paid for. The one highlight was the heavenly shower, which I admit was very good.There is a great deli, a few yards away from the main entrance on 8th Avenue called Europan - great food and good service.Edgar the valet outside the main entrance was a star and the Westin does not deserve him.We will be voting with our feet and next time we visit New York, we will definitely be staying somewhere else.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2004
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>iamallovertheplace
<Content>The Westin's Top Class Just returned after 5 nights at the Westin. Requested a corner room on booking, but all were gone as I checked in at 11.30 pm. Still, I got a room on the 43rd floor looking up the Hudson to the Statue of Liberty in the distance, and the Empire State to the left - Fantastic views of downtown. The bed was good, (but it is only a bed), and the general accomodation was of a very high standard. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel - it is close to all of the action in Times Square - make sure you try the Ice Cream Place next to the e-walk entrance.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>EXCELLENT HOTEL! the decor of Westin Times Square's 2nd floor lobby is chic and ubercool with very spacy suede and leather couches and chairs. the beds in the rooms are THE MOST comfortable beds i have EVER slept in on vacation- actually they were even more comfortable than my own bed at home. the decor in the room is just as modern and everything is very clean and nice. the bathroom shower has two heads and is very heavenly indeed. they supply you with a plush bathrobe too, and their towels are reallly soft. the staff is very helpful when you ask for assistance. for example they were very gracious when we asked for a good italian restaurant nearby - showing us a big list of places we could choose from. Plus it is smack dab in the middle of Times Square. this is one hotel i wouldnt mind staying in more than once. ~~~hope this review helped!  
<Date>Jul 31, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved the Westin! We stayed at the Westin Times Square in July 2004. The rooms were beautiful, clean and the Heavenly Bed and Bath is as wonderful as advertised. The staff was helpful and friendly. We had a couple of minor problems with the room but they were attended to immediately.Location can't be beat...a block from Times Square, subway access across the street that gets you to other parts of Manhattan quickly. Lots of restaurants and shopping within walking distance.I can't say enough about this hotel and would definitely recommend it.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kcrevans
<Content>Beds and showers are truly heavenly! My family recently returned from a stay at the Westin Time Square. The beds and showers were truly heavenly. The view from the top floors were great. The location was perfect. We could walk to all the theatres and shopping. The subway was down the street so it was easy to get to Central Park, Battery Park, Soho, Little Italy, etc. Our only complaint was housekeeping. One time our room was not made up when we got back at 3:00 p.m. so we had to call housekeeping and then leave for 1 1/2 hours. I did find that when we left a big tip the room was better but they always missed something.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2004
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Noisy hotel The WESTIN hotel is a nice hotel with a pleasant and very modern interieur. Our room, in the Louge area, was spacious and tastefully decorated. What I found hard to accept, and what will prevent me from returning to the WESTIN, is the never stopping, loud TECHNO style music in the reception area and the cafèŒ…. Upon arriving after a long distance flight I hoped for some peace and quietness. At the Westin, the contrary is the case. The noise in the public areas of the hotel is tremendous, and this is easy to explain since everybody has to speak up against the music. Apart from that it was the first hotel in New York that I have visited where everybody turned up for breakfeast in shorts and an undershirt, or so, like just coming from a sport event. I was really surprised to find people dressed so informally in a luxury hotel.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely heavenly What can I say other than I fell in love with New York and the Westin Times Square hotel on my first visit to the city. Upon arrival you could tell instantly that you were staying in a first class hotel. From the doorman to reception the attention to detail was exceptional. Once we checked in the elevator ride was an experience in itself, never in my life have I been in an elevator that made my ears pop-it was going so fast. When we arrived at our deluxe room not only was it spacious but also had an outstanding view of the Hudson. The beds truly are heavenly and offered a great nights sleep. And what can I say about the bathroom it was luxurious I didn't want to get out of the shower in the morning. In terms of location you can't beat it although even at 16 floors up it failed to drown out the noise of the constant traffic. All in all a fantastic holiday and I would not think twice about staying at the Westin again.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>smellie
<Content>SUperb hotel in a great spot! Stayed at the Westin for Independance weekend. Had a corner room on the 21st floor with great views. I had emailed the hotel regarding gluten and lactose free products. After we checked in, while enjoying bar 10, a refrigerator containing soya milk, soya yoghurts, cereal and a bowl appeared. On my return to the UK I received an email checking we had been happy with the items they provided.The bed was the most comfortaable I have ever slept in. Bar 10 was great for watching, and my glass of red wine got bigger and bigger!!!The location was perfect. Out of the door to the hustle of Time Square, but just walk a few blocks towards the water front and experience a different world.The checkin was very efficient. The staff were very helpfull, the hotel and room were very clean. All in all, I would highly recommend the Westin. Get a corner room on a higher floor and enjoy!!  
<Date>Jul 13, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great with a view Stayed at the WTSQ for 5 days in early July. We had a junior suite on the 44th floor. Unbelievable view! Definitely do everything you can at check in to get a high floor with a view. It's peculiar, but the Starwood club rooms are on floors 10-16, which would have a minimal view. The room we had was great, very clean, nicely furnished, incredible bed and shower. The service was ho-hum, spotty turn-down service, not enough towels in the room, charges on bill that shouldn't have been there, etc. The concierge is very knowledgeable and helpful. Fantastic location if you want to be in the center of the action. You can walk to almost everything, especially a good location for theatre-goers, and it's a long but doable walk to Central Park. I recommend Joe Allen's and Carmines for restaurants. Carmines is a must if you like Italian, and Joe Allen's is the place if you want to catch a glimpse of a celebrity and get a good meal (go for the meat-loaf). All in all....great location, nicely appointed, so-so service.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pretty good I stayed one night at the Westin last week. We had a corner room, on the 16th floor. It was spacious, and clean. We had a king bed, very comfortable and the bathroom was great. We got the room on Priceline for $130, which is excellent for that type of hotel. The only thing I didn't care for was the modern decor, and outside in the hallway, was a tray of a customers leftover lunch, from room service, that stayed in the hallway all day, and night.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Recommend location for children We stayed at the Westin Times Square in June 2004 with our two sons. The hotel was clean and bright. The rooms are small but comfortable. The shower is great. The location is what really is fantastic. One block down from the center of Times Square. There is food available everywhere and my sons especially enjoyed the renovated McDonalds on 42nd right behind the hotel. We used valet parking at the hotel. While not cheap, the service was great. I wouldn't recommend arriving at 7pm on a Friday as traffic is heavy and it is difficult to get through the streets in the theatre district. The hotel is within easy walking distance to subways and we were surprised at how safe and nice the area was around the hotel.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Cool. Modern. Fantastic. We stayed at the Westin over the July Fourth weekend, and we couldn't have been happier. Got a great rate on Starwood: Buy two nights, get the third free. Averaged out to around $140 a night. We arrived on a red-eye flight and were dog tired, but we got a room shortly after breakfast -- and well before the official check-in time. Had a little trouble with slow bell service, but we were lucky enough to get a large corner room with a great view down Eighth Avenue and of the Hudson River. The Queen Mary 2 was in port right out our windows. The hotel is cool and modern without trying too hard, unlike some of the W hotels in town. The bed is almost too comfortable. And the room windows actually open. The Westin is within walking distance of all Midtown attractions and the subway is right downstairs. But it's still pleasantly away from the main bustle of Times Square. We also stayed at The Plaza, and actually preferred the Westin -- especially for the price. Stay here. You'll like it.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful place to stay in New York The Westin is wonderful. Modern and well located by Times Square, but you really don't get the noise inside at all. We were upgraded to a corner room which was spectacular. The beds really ARE heavenly and the view from the room was unbelievable. This will always be my first choice for a New York stay.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>suzinsrq
<Content>Location, Location, Location I had a rough time finding a quad in Times Square that didn't break the budget. This hotel was courteous, clean, very comfortable and best of all it's right in the heart of the theater district. I slipped out of a heavenly bed and into the stand up line for Lion King. And I got it! The rooms are small and it's still pretty pricey but since it's right on the subway you save a bundle in cab fare. If they tell you you can check in early don't believe them. We had a long wait for the room to be ready. In fact, almost all of the information I got from the staff was wrong. They also tried to double bill me, so check everything carefully.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Comfortable, in the middle of everything Some friends and I stayed at the Westin Times Sq. in June. The hotel has a modern/New York feel to it. The rooms are nice, clean, and a decent size for New York. The beds and double showerhead showers were as heavenly as advertised. The location was, of course, convenient to subway lines. The area had lots of activity, and as a single female, I would feel comfortable walking in the area alone. The service in the hotel was sporadic. Although everyone seemed willing to help, they were able to acomplish tasks with varying degrees of success. Checking baggage took an unusual amount of time (think Las Vegas after a big convention). I would return to this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Chey
<Content>Very Good Pick. Trust me I live in New York and every few months my friends and I book a hotel room for celebrations or just to relax. I went to a birthday celebration at the Westin two weeks ago. The room was a suite . The king with sofa type. It was very nice but could of been a bit bigger. But then again it was a gathering. The view was beyond amazing. It was on the 45th floor I think. (Somewhere in the fourty's.) Anyhow all in all the place looked great. The lobby is chic. The point I wanted to make was people are saying that it is close to Times Square and the theatre dsistrict.It is IN Times Square and the Theatre District.There are theatres on the block and around the corner such as the Lion King and the Continental Airlines Theatre. I think Les Miserables is also on the same block as the Westin's entrance. Not only that but the spot that is considered Times is literally on the corner of the Westins block. just walk up to 7th from the entrance .It is Times Square basically. I would be going there for the 4th of July but I am trying out the Double Tree Suites which is in the same area. Look out for that post on Monday. Bye all.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>SUPERB!!!! Stayed at the westin for 1 night. Perfect Hotel, perfect location.Early checking no problem, clean room. As stated here before perfect beds and nice bathroom.We didnt really have a room with a view but who cares you are not in NY to stay in the hotel room.We got this hotel at a bagrain price of $140 but I think the room is also worth the standerd $240.If I go back I would def like to stay in the same hotel!!!!I should complain about 1 thing otherwise this review doenst look geniun. The toilet paper could have been a bit stronger.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel and Location We just returned from a long weekend (6/25-2/28) from New York City. Our stay at the Westin was great. We arrived late Friday night, so we were unable to upgrade to better a room (clubroom or higher floor), but did get a corner room on the 19th floor. Check-in was easy and short, and everyone at the front desk was very helpful. The room was a little larger than the non-corner rooms, (since we had a short hallway to the bedroom area), and had plenty of windows (4 large windows) to view the city. Even on the 19th floor, we had some nice views. The room was a typical (clean and neat) Westin style (heavenly bed/bath) room and the room was always cleaned before 5pm each day. (Remember, there are over 800 rooms to be cleaned each day, and unless you leave real early in the morning, it may take all day before they can get to your room)We ate at Shula's for dinner one night and highly recommend it for meat lovers. The prices are high, typical plate is $40, but it is well worth it. You do have to pay for the side dishes, but they are very large and could easily feed 2-3 people. For dessert, try the chocolate cake with warm chocolate filling. The location of the hotel is great. Yes, it is not right on Times Square, but only a block or two away, a quick 5 minute walk. There are advantages of it not being on Times Square, particularly on a weekend night since it is almost wall to wall people on the sidewalks and would make it difficult to get to the entrance to your hotel. There are two movie theaters (Lowes and AMC), 2 Starbucks, a Yankees store, Cold Stone Creamery, McDonalds, and several other restaurants all within a blk or less of the hotel entrances (dont forget about the back entrance). Now for the Pros/Cons of the hotel:Pros - great location, easy access to subways, theater district (2 blks away), restaurant row (2 blks away), off the busy street of Times Square, friendly and courtesy staff, will give you umbrellas if it rains (at no cost to you), and the Heavenly Bed and BathCons - we can't think of one, since the hotel met or exceeded our expectationsWe would recommend this hotel to our family and friends.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Rename to the Friendly City Wonderful city to visit. So much to see and do and easy to get around. We were a party of two adult females  one teen on a budget. New Yorkers couldn't have been more friendly  helpful. When planning our trip, location was uppermost. Westin Times Square Hotel was perfect for theater and central for walking to other sites. Room was average, but the staff excellent and friendly. Can't wait to go back.   
<Date>Jun 23, 2004
<Rating>5	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great! I stayed at the Westin Times Square last weekend for the first time. Had a corner room on the 41st floor with views of the Hudson River and Statue of Liberty. It was awesome! The hotel is in a great location, the subway is right there. Times Square is also right there. We originally had reservations at the Sofitel but changed them last minute, I am glad we did, it is off the beaten path. Skip Chevy's Mexican Rest., it located between the lobby and the theatres. It was overpriced and not that good. The Westin heavenly beds are the best. The heavenly shower was wonderful. There is not a long wait for the elevators, the Marriott Marquis is notorious for this.We had dinner at TAO. It was delicious. I strongly recommend staying at Westin and becoming a Starwood prefered member. I am planning to stay there next time I am back in beautiful NYC.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Could have been better Room was OK but kind of small for the money. Bed was great as was bathroom. I had some trouble getting two reservations linked, which ended up in me being locked out of the room at midnight. That same day, I had to call twice to get my room cleaned. Shula's Restaurant was very good. Location was great - close to Times Square and the theatre district.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LisaBC
<Content>Super Hotel Wow! Great hotel, great location. From the moment we entered the hotel, we had a fantastic experience. All the staff were more the helpful and friendly, and went out of their way to make our first visit to NYC extra special. The club level room is quite spacious with a phenomenal bathroom. We like to stay at Westins because of the Heavenly Bed. Room service was quick and tasty! And despite the location, and its high level of occupancy, the hotel was very quiet. This was our best stay at a Westin yet. We'll be back.   
<Date>Jun 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LanceFan
<Content>Fantastic! I stayed at this hotel in May and loved it! Not only is it within walking distance of Times Square, Madison Sqaure Garden, great shopping and fantastic restaurants, but the hotel staff is really friendly, knowledgeable and helpful too. My stay there was very much enjoyed. Their meeting rooms, catering staff, etc are also great, I'd recommend for business or pleasure.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>modern comfort This hotel is a cut above the rest. We received a great deal through the starwood website where we got our third night free. We were allowed to check in early and it was a breeze. Everyone we spoke with at the hotel was helpful and very friendly during our stay. Upon check-in we asked for a corner room and it was amazing. The whole room is full of windows, even the bathroom. And the view was the highlight. Don't be afraid to ask for a corner room, it's really worth it! The interior of the rooms were nice, the beds were comfy and the bath was spacious. I was very impressed with how clean everything was and the size of the hotel room. The location was excellent for our needs with 24 hour action just a stones throw away to Times Square. The subway is a minute walk away. I come to nyc about once a year and won't even look anywhere else after such a great stay at the westin. I could complain about a few minor things, but nothing worth mentioning. Enjoy your stay!  
<Date>Jun 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cloudsabove
<Content>Wonderful stay at the Westin, Times Square Enjoyed a wonderful stay in New York City at the Westin, Times Square. Took them up on a web-site offer of a May weekend upgrade to Club accommodation. Large room with their signature Heavenly Bed and Bath-sure felt great after all the walking we did in hot weather. Enjoyed the complimentary continental breakfast as well as a great steak dinner in Shula's Steak House. Some reports don't advocate for a Times Square location however we rather enjoyed the close proximity and the activity. 1st time visitors make sure you take the double decker bus tours-our guides were like stand upcomedians! Go early to enjoy the Empire State building without the long lineup. Spent the last day enjoying Central Park despite advise of not much there. On the contrary-a beautiful park in the heart of the city with loads of activity and great people watching. Will return again to NYC and the Westin at Times Square.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Can't fault it! I honesty canéˆ¥æª› fault the Westin. Everything was 100%. Location great for shopping (thatéˆ¥æªš what my mum and I went for), sight-seeing, entertainment and restaurants (loved Buppa Gumps éˆ¥?three minute walk). Hotel/room was ultra clean, staff very pleasant/helpful and no surprise charges on departure. Iéˆ¥æª“ planning to return next year with my husband. You may find it useful to know that the hotel will only change 100 dollars in Travellers cheques per room per day. Also, you canéˆ¥æª› store anything of your own in the mini-bar, you will be charged for any item that you move (apparently they are motion sensored) even by accident, so itéˆ¥æªš best not to open it at all, unless of course if you want something!) Fantastic city, fantastic hotel.  
<Date>May 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Clean, Best Bed, Best Shower We have stayed at this hotel several times and have been very pleased. Large clean rooms, great service, nice decor, wins the most comfortable bed award hands down and also the best shower award. An all around great hotel.  
<Date>May 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We'll be back! My new wife and I stayed at the Westin Times Square from 26/4/04 to 30/4/04 for part of our honeymoon and had a fantastic stay.Upon arrival at the hotel, the check-in staff were nothing but helpful. Although we couldn't get a corner room, they did their best, putting us on the 30th floor with a view of Times Square and the Empire State Bulidng. Not too bad!Our first impression of the room was very good. The bed looked amazing, as did the bathroom, but it was the view that really took the breath away.The Heavenly Bed lived up to its name. Tired and weary from travelling, we made the mistake of just having a nap and ended up falling asleep for over 3 hours! It's the most comfortable bed either of us have ever slept on. Where can we buy one!The shower was great too.Our only gripe was the toilet flush was ridiculously loud, with no chance of sleeping through it if one of us (or our neighbours) needed to go in the night.Check out was easy with none of the reported problems of charging for non-existent services. We were checked out in 2 minutes.We will definitely be back. Having stayed in New York a number of times, this is the best hotel yet in terms of the room, the location and the value.Fantastic!  
<Date>May 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Can't wait to come back!! My boyfriend and I stayed at the Westin at the end of January 2004 and loved it. I had emailed the reservation team from the UK, and requested a corner room after reading reviews on this site. When we arrived it had been noted and we had a fantastic room with an amazing view(We could see the Empire State, the Hudson River and Times Square). The staff were very cheerful and there were no delays checking in.The Heavenly Shower was our highlight, we were like shrivelled prunes we stayed in there so long!Shula's restaurant also deserves a mention, the evening meals were gorgeous. I am very fussy with steak, and can safely say the Fillet steak they served me was the best I've ever had. My partner ate the 48oz steak and got into the 48oz club. The side of creamed spinach was also delicious-and huge!The location of this hotel is perfect, we got the bus straight from Newark Airport to the Port Authority stepped outside and there was the Westin.We love Manhattan, and try to visit twice a year. Now we have stayed at The Westin Times Square, we will try to book here each time.  
<Date>May 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>"Trendy" Westin quality in NYC The Times Square Westin lives up to the Westin quality that you would expect. While the hotel is not as classic and formal as you would find most Westin hotels, the Times Square Westin certainly distinguishes itself from average (and most above-average) hotels. Overall, the hotel is extremely neat, modern, and clean. The style is quite modern, and totally fits in with it's proximity to Times Square, Broadway, etc... We booked our stay in a standard guestroom through the Starwood website, and secured our 10% AAA discount (they also had a number of package deals available online). At a rate of $179/nite - on the weekend - anyone would (or should) be hard-pressed to find problems with the Westin. Our stay was no exception. We had to wait about 5 min. for a room. Apparently, another room was found for us in the meantime. A room on the southwest corner of the 42nd floor - what a spectacular view !! Understandably, your comfort with how much you pay for a room at this hotel will depend upon your room location (i.e., a side-street room on the 11th floor is not quite as exciting at night).Regardless of the room location, the room was clean, modern, and really stylish. Of course, the heavenly bed and heavenly shower make the Westin rooms complete!The location of the hotel is completely convenient to Times Square, and we didn't feel unsafe on our walk back to the hotel late at night.We'll certainly stay at the Times Square Westin again, and we recommend the hotel to anyone interested in a great value - a very nice hotel in a great location, at a reasonable price!  
<Date>May 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Great Hotel Me and my girlfriend stayed at the Westin in August 2003. After nearly wearing out the keyboard on our computer searching for hotels, we finally stumbled on the Westin. We were looking for a high level of hotel, in a good location of New York. We both agree that we could not of found a better place. We arrived about 2pmish and were told that our room was not ready. This was the only in-conveinence we had throughout our 5 night stay. We found the hotel to be clean, trendy and run by proffessionals. Our 43rd level room had an excellent view of the manhatten skyline and we awoke every morning to see the Empire State Building in all its glory!! I have to say that we did not read any reviews about the hotel before booking and are both glad. Nobody should be put off staying in this hotel. Agreed, people can have a better stay than others but if your looking for a nice hotel in New York than look no further.  
<Date>May 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>wounderful Two weeks ago i had my first trip toUSAI travelled alone stayed at the westin and a brilliant time. The hotel is brilliantyl set at the heart of avtivity. The room was spasious, clean and well ventalliated. Service was prompt,efficent and friendly.Loved the bed and the shower.Visted the gym ,brilliant views.Any one visting should use the threapies offered at the health spa ,ask for Stanna,the best massage ever.Will i retrun to the Westin ? YES ,mainly to have another shatisu by a brilliant treapist.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>As Good as Expected Read mainly positive reviews on this web site and we weren't disappointed. Stayed with my 2 teenage children and we loved the location (went to 2 Broadway shows) and took the subway less than a block away to the Ferry to Ellis Island. I found the staff very friendly and accomodating and we loved the room (took a friend's advice and asked for a corner room). It was bigger and MUCH nicer than 3 or 4 other hotels I stayed at in New York. If you are looking for a traditional hotel, this isn't it. If you are looking for cool and sleek, the Westin is well worth it. AND, the heavenly beds are really the best.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Average - Nothing Special I was very excited to stay at the 'new Westin' in Times Square. Many positive reviews led me to believe that I would be in for a special treat. If you have read similar reviews, you will be disappointed.For a new hotel, the room I had was amazingly small - even by NYC standards. I am a Platinum member of the Starwood Preferred Guest program - so much for upgrades, even though the hotel still had higher level rooms available.My room had tears in the wallpaper and the stainless steel sink was terribly scratched. As is noted in other reviews, the neighborhood is sketchy if you turn left out of the hotel entrance. Also, be prepared to hear other doors slam on your floor througout the night.There are many more memorable properties in Manhattan for this price range.I will say that the staff is quite friendly and responsive.Unfortunately, much to my disappointment, this hotel is nothing special.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just a facade On the basis of reviews I read I stayed at the Westin Times Sq. in July 2003. This is not a four star hotel and not a luxury hotel. Think a holiday inn, not a Westin quality hotel.The lobbies are plain - no Marble here, the rooms are ok nothing special. It look ok now because it is new - give it a few years. This hotel was cheaply built and is shows, the rest and bars - nothing special.However the Most Annoying thing was having to listen to CNN in the elevator, how tacky.Unless you get the deal of a lifetime - look elsewhere.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful property Stayed at this hotel for four nights and was very pleased. It's very trendy but the rooms are so comfortable. Outside, it's a tad sleazy (by UK standards at least) but you just walk past the porn shops and you're in Times Sq. We would stay again!  
<Date>Mar 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ima_gypsy
<Content>Great hotel ! I thought the hotel itself was fabulous. I had a corner room on a high floor with lots of windows and great views, plus it had the most wonderful large bathroom *with a window* and a great view. The decor was sleekly modern without being cold. The beds were typically Westin plush and very very comfortable. The layout of the room was a bit awkward, with the desk and dresser on the far end of the room so you had to walk the entire length of the room and past the beds to set your stuff down, but that's just a tiny complaint. I felt very very comfortable in the room and was happy to return to it at the end of each day. I had excellent room service breakfasts, perfectly prepared, and the front desk staff were the best ! The common areas and bar/restuarant also looked great, though I did not check out the latter.However, I did check out early and escaped to another hotel. My room overlooked a large rooftop terrace on an apartment or condo building across the street (43rd Street, I guess), and a horribly loud party fired up one night complete with window rattling (literally) booming bass, so horrible that I requested to switch rooms. The hotel was fully booked and there was no available room for me to move to. The desk staff and management were extremely helpful and polite throughout this ordeal and helped me find another hotel to move to.Staying right in Times Square was a bit of a pain. Aside from the unusual party, my room was very very quiet and insulated from the noise on the streets below. But walking around in the Times Square area was annoying. It's just not the area for me .. too many tourists, too many chain restaurants, too much junk. (I'm used to staying on hotels surrounding Central Park). But that's just Times Square and has nothing to do with the hotel. If you have the need or wish to stay in that area, then by all means stay at the Westin !So overall I highly recommend this hotel even though I'll admit I'm unlikely to return to it because of the Times Square location.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great hotel! I've just returned from my first visit to New York and stayed in the Westin. The location is excellent, right in the middle of everything. The staff were extremely helpful and the room service was quick. As for the room, well how about a view of the Hudson River and Manhattan, couldn't have been better for my first stay in this wonderful city. I would definitely recommend a stay at the Westin.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>emceeManchester
<Content>Truly heavenly! Even though check-in is at 3pm, we arrived at the hotel at 2pm on Saturday  by 2.15pm we were up in our (upgraded!) corner bedroom on the 36th floor. Stunning views over the Hudson River. Room above average size  well-appointed. The bed is simply the best I have ever slept in. It is more than heavenly. The bathroom was a good size, clean  well designed. The two-headed shower was hot  had good water pressure. All of the staff we met were polite, helpful and most attentive to our needs. A definite recommend. P.S. Ask the doorman about the (relatively) cheap flat fare limousine service to Newark ( presumably other airports). Definitely the way to travel.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2004
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Everything I have found this hotel the best i've stayed at for a long time, and for someone who's usually ultra fussy, that says a lot. I'm actually surprised it doesn't have a significantly higher ranking. having stayed here 3 times, i absolutely love the decor, the rooms are mighty big, and the heavenly bed, well it's REALLy heavenly. so much so that me and my friend alwys try to stay here whenever we come up to nY. the only thing going against it are it's high rates. so far i've been booking thru hotwire/priceline type of websites. very clean, nice decor, service is pretty good, excellent location.now i just gotta find a good price again so i can stay here for my upcoming visit to NYC.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Westin - always great! Every time I have ever stayed in any Westin hotel, they have always been fantastic, really comfortable and consistently excellent, and the Times Sqaure Westin is no exception. Most hotels go big on $$ in the lobby, and then the rooms disspoint - not so at any Westin I have stayed in. This is the best hotel (out of 9) in Manhattan I have stayed in, with the possible exception being the Essex House (which is also a Westin). The best beds, showers, amenities and customer service.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>girl's weekend - had a ball Stayed at the Westin Times Square Feb. 18 - 22, 2004. Went through hotwire (rate $159.00 per night) so was a little worried about the service. They put the 3 of us in a room that had an awful view but as soon as the bellman saw our view he asked us if we would like a better view and of course we said yes. The bellman went down to the front desk himself, got new keys for us, then moved us to a room that had a truly unbelievable view of the New Jersey coast. (Room 2708) Breathtaking. The beds were sooo comfortable, the room adequate size for the three of us. The only complaint that the three of us continually had was the lighting in the foyer of the room. This is where we had to iron, put on our make-up, blow dry our hair, etc. as the bathroom only had room for one person at a time. This is a perfect hotel for location. We walked a lot, took taxi's, and took the subway which was a very short walk from the hotel. Although when traveling with 3 people in New York City we did discover it's almost as cheap to take a taxi as it is to ride the subway. The bar in the hotel was great. Very Cozy with comfy chairs and couches. We even ate dinner in the bar one night. Lovely. All in all New York City is a great place for a girl's weekend away. Feel free to e-mail me at Cathnomad@aol if you want some suggestions on fun things to do in the city with girlfriends!  
<Date>Mar 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Heavenly! Free Upgrade Too! I couldn't agree more with the reviewer from Cambridge. I've experienced NYC's trendy new boutique hotels that offer you a closet to sleep in and a bar that will be out of style before I finish this review. Now, they have their good points, mind you...but as a (ahem) card-carrying member of Generation Y, I'm confident the Westin will withstand the test of time; it's light-years ahead of the tragically hip hostelries that fancy themselves too cool for a sign at the front door. I'm beginning to think Hudson has resorted to hiring its twentysomething staffers to use the hallways as make-out spots more often these days, just for atmosphere Eh, whatever. If you ever need my help cleaning those, er, white stains on the carpet I found on the way past Lover's Lane(...sigh...), you'll find me at the Westin. I'll be luxuriating on a massive Heavenly Bed, snacking on a scrumptious filet from Shula's steak house (yes, Don Shula), gazing out at Times Square from an architectural masterpiece - for less money than Hudson, Paramount, Morgans or Royalton. I wish I could have found an excellent promotional rate for my first stay this past Christmas, but my $219 got me a complimentary surprise upgrade to a 9th floor Club Level corner room with a view of 42nd street, including complimentary continental breakfast. The decor is modern and tasteful, but the larger rooms aren't very well lit. THE BEDS ARE AMAZING! I was skeptical when I heard about the Heavenly Bed thing, but seriously, folks - this was the first time I slept through a wake-up call in a hotel. The staff was cordial and professional, especially our bellman, although the valet parking leaves something to be desired. Try to secure a rate that includes parking, especially around the holidays. All in all, I'd return to the Westin in a New York minute. This place really is a shot of Tequila in the arm of traditional New York...and not a white stain in, uh, sight.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Management at the Hudson, take note! Forget those trendy boutique hotels with staff that sniff and forget you! This hotel is manage by professionals, the service was unobtrusive, efficient and pleasant in a way that made me feel it was warmly genuine. Our room was spotlesss, spacious, and the decor is quiet and tasteful. Room service was within 30 minutes, food was very delicious and portions were generous.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MyDime
<Content>All Time Favorite! My husband and I got a room at the Westin through Priceline for $100 + taxes, etc. Wow! I've never been in a more luxurious and styling hotel!!! The bed and shower were so fabulous, we ended up taking away a lot of ideas for our own home since we were in the process of remodeling our master bath and bedroom. And the location was obviously the best! We've vowed to stay at Westins whenever we can thanks to this one! Just can't rave enough about it!  
<Date>Feb 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent hotel A really first class hotel; unfussy but attentive and friendly staff; spacious and comfortable room. Can't wait to go back again.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stop! Don't look anywhere else in NYC! This hotel stay was a real treat. After entering the hip lobby with its many couches, my adventure began. Registration was a breeze - it may have taken about a couple of minutes to check-in. I requested a corner room on a high floor after reading the reviews below and, luckily ,one was available. I was not disappointed. The room opened to a short hallway that lead to a wall of windows that faced 42nd street. As I turned the corner, I passed the wonderful, chrome bathroom. I especially loved the sliding bathroom door that was inset with opaque, green glass. Of course, the Heavenly Shower was included but since I am really a bath person, I really enjoyed the extra shelf space on the side of the tub for my many bath products. The Molten Brown amenities were a nice touch as was the cozy bathrobe.After perusing the bathroom, I set foot into the ultra-luxe bedroom area that had views overlooking the frozen Hudson River and buildings beyond. I didn't close my curtains all night. The view was breathtaking. The bed featured a high, modern headboard and the Heavenly Bed certainly lived up to its name. One of the best nights sleep I've ever had. I especially loved the crisp, white linens - very luxurious. For the reviewer who was complaining about the bed swallowing them up - I am 5'4 and I felt like a baby in a blanket. I'd take this bed home with me! The room also featured a wide screen TV and a roomy desk with a comfy chair.I had no complaints about the staff or service. They were very attentive to my needs. This will be my preferred hotel on my many visits to New York.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ivy125
<Content>Absolutely Heavenly My Husband and I had a weekend getaway celebrating my Birthday and our 17th Anniversary. After searching for the perfect hotel online we settled for the Westin because of it's great reviews about those Heavenly Beds and Showers... Check-in was a bit fustrating. The staff was great although the wait went from 1 hr because we arrived at 2pm we left our bags and the bell boy was great thanks GP...we returned at 3pm...Paul was great he called the attendants and they said 10 min., we waited 15...Paul assisted us again call upstairs they then said it was 45, ok fine they offered us complimentry drinks great 1 hr later we had a manager attend us and he couldn't even give us a time estimate, mind you it was 4pm. We paid for a city view and he said he would be forced to give me a different room if we could not wait...and I was very clear that all I wanted was an estimated time...had I known it was going to take as long as it already did I would've watched a movie with no problem. He was not a very helpful inidividual which created fustration. Our room was finally ready at 4:30. I have no further complaints the view was magnificent and the stay was absolutely Heavenly...will come again.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Imatravler
<Content>Heavenly....ahhhh! Stayed at the Westin this past weekend and loved it! Check in was efficient and courteous- he even remembered us by name when we were checking out! The room was clean and large. The Heavenly bed was just that!!! Great view of 42nd Street  the Empire State Building! The bar was comfortable and fun. Next time in the city-I will only stay here!  
<Date>Jan 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sensenigr
<Content>Absolutely Amazing Hotel Wow...what a fabulous hotel. Everything was absolutely HEAVENLY. Check-In was fast and efficient. The location is absolutely the best. Elevators are super-fast. No waiting at this hotel. I had a 41st Floor room overlooking the Hudson River. It was magnificent. Rooms are very plush and the beds and the shower are really of super high quality. If you frequently stay in hotels you will be quite delighted at your decision. Rooms are even of a very nice size (considering most rooms in NYC are extremely small.)  
<Date>Jan 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>clearday501
<Content>Ideal Stayed for a week over Christmas and found it to be excellent.Corner room,which we had requested beforehand,had marvellous views.Shula's restaurant was beautiful and expensive although we had known this before we went.Service was very good all week.We paid for five movies we didn't order and the phone charges are laughable but would definitley stay again.Location is perfect for all directions.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Missseuss
<Content>Wonderful - especially the staff!! We stayed here for a week 15st Dec 2003 and loved it! The staff at the check-in desk were warm, friendly and extremely helpful. The clerk went out of his way to get us a terrific corner room, it was very quiet, spacious and the views of 8th Ave and 42nd St were lovely. The bed was utterly Heavenly but although the bath was clean it was really shallow - as a big bath fan this was not my idea of luxury! However the shower was fantastic. I can't imagine staying any where alse now, and I've tried a number of others in the past. Highly recommended!!!!  
<Date>Jan 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it - but some problems I stayed at the Westin from 27th December - 01st Jan. It was a fantastic stay - check in was fast and we were upgraded to a Club executive deluxe room. It was extremely spacious and views were ok. The bed was AMASING!!!! As was shower and bathroom overall.This room was real modern luxury. The hotel location is very impressive - great for new years eve times square ball drop was literally to the right as you walk out the front door and down the street so I had the BEST view new years eve!Only problems were when I asked at check-in if we could possibly have a corner room I was literally laughed at...fair enough it was a busy time of year. Second more major problem was the phone bill. I requested a copy of our bill so far on the second day. I had called home (ireland) but only got answering machine so hung up and didnt leave message ---for this I was charged 52 dollars!!!!! I questioned it at the front desk and they removed it for me because I was unaware of these prices , the guy was very nice. It doesnt state anywhere that you will be charged this much - it only states a $4.50 connection fee plus call charge. Didnt use the phone again!! Others were not so lucky as when I was checking out a guest checking out at the desk next to me was having the same complaint and he WAS charged the full amount. 3rd and final MAJOR problem was room service on 1 occasion. We ordered breakfast to the room and the bill came to $51.00 , we paid the guy in cash upon delivery of the food to our room and we gave him $60 in total. Upon checkout - this charge of $51 was on our bill. When I explianed we had paid this in cash the desk clerk called room service and they denied this and so she charged it to our card and said they would go through the cash and refund it at a later date if they had extra. I never was refunded. This in my opinion is unacceptable. The problem is obviously with their staff and they should be more worried about the impression on the customer.Overall - superb hotel comfort and looks wise plus location - but WATCH every cent - because they sure are!!  
<Date>Jan 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Dr-donna
<Content>Fantastic! Booked this hotel in summer of 2003 for a December stay. Took a friend of mind who hadn't been on a vacation since her husband died. I had a lot riding on this hotel as I had never been there before. What can I say? It was heavenly. Of the two rooms booked she got a corner room which was breathtaking...the bed so comfortable and the location too. I have stayed at Marriott (nice but too big) and Doubletree (ok) but this suited our needs perfectly. No waiting for elevators, maid service, or callbacks from hotel personnel. There is only one restaurant at the hotel but come on, it's New York! There's a restaurant every 100 feet. We saw 4 musicals in 3 days and this hotel had us in walking distance to all of them. Can I gush anymore?? Love you Westin!!!!  
<Date>Jan 9, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Best Yet My girlfriend and I stayed at the Westin Times Square for four nights over St. Valentines weekend and we could not fault it one bit.The rooms are very spacious, extremely clean and modern which have everything you can ask for.The staff were willing to help with anything we required.Already looking to visit again over New Year 2004.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Property The Westin New York at Times Square is a wonderful property! Check in was no more the 30 seconds and our club level corner room was huge!! We traveled with our dog, and requested a dog bed as well as two bowls and were suprised to find them placed in the room prior to arrival, not expected for a hotel of that size. As for the room, the beds were lovely and the shower exilirating. The room how ever was extremely noisy from the traffic outside, the club level rooms are located on the lower floors and the noise from the streets travel right up! Shula's steak house was excelent for lunch and the movie theatre was convinently located right off the lobby. This was an A+ hotel, however I sugesst you book the club floor only for the larger room other wise you dont get much, we were very annoyed that you had to pay for your own alcohol, and there were only 2 different choices in the evening. OTHERWISE WONDERFUL PROPERTY, AND WILL RETURN!!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Spot I stayed at the hotel for three nights. The regular price on the room was $238.00 per night - which I would not pay normally. Through Starwood. com/3for2 I was able to buy two nights and get three which brought the room rate to $150.00 a far better value. The hotel is definitely a step up for your typical chain. This is a new hotel and it shows. Sleek choice of colors, very modern and it is true... the bed and bath is heavenly. Not so impressed with the lobby considering the size of the hotel. Also - don't use the phone at all costs - you will be robbed. Still a perfect base for all your New York adventures. Would return if I could find a similar deal.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Right in the Middle of It All Stayed at the Westin Times Square Dec 26 - 30. Excellent location betwen 42  43 on 8th Ave. Enjoyed being able to walk to most of the places in Midtown and hotel is convenient to subway locations. Disney's New Amsterdam Theater is right on 42nd which was very convenient to go to The Lion King.Hotel was very nice and the corner room was great with two views of the city. The bed and bath were great. Did not eat at the hotel, but Starbucks and Coldstone were both located in the E-Walk complex which was very convenient  
<Date>Jan 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bitch
<Content>Fabulous location Arrival Monday 12/22/03 - 5 nights.This is a stunning building,really stylish and different. We found the staff very friendly and helpful. The rooms were well maintained and cleaned daily - views absoutely wonderful and the soundproofing very effective! Only real quibble was when I went to pay roomservice bill on morning of departure, I found it already taken off my credit card, also the bill was not itemised so I could not check it, and I had my three student kids with me - I don't know what they ate or drank!!!Spoiled at the last by a very rude manager coming to the room to chivvy me outas I'd gone over the 12 noon (high noon?) checkout time! After paying all that money, I was less than amused! We will be back though, we love New York!  
<Date>Jan 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Marty & Andrea
<Content>Perfection in location, accomodations, service Excellent choice for an upscale family Christmas-time vacation in the Big Apple. I chose this hotel using advice from Trip Advisor since it was my first time to NY in 17 years. The location was VERY convenient to all the sites we wanted to see. We took cabs for most the visit since we aren't that proficient with public transit. We walked to Times Square and the High End shopping. We took cab rides to Battery Park for a ride on the Staten Island Ferry, Little Italy, Chinatown, and Soho. Great service and polite. We were able to check our bags with the concierge with ease before checkin. Rooms were beautiful, clean, contemporary, new and the bed SO luxurious. Great double headed shower too. Awesome views of the Hudson and city from the window. I will return this hotel for sure.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>varvararodriques
<Content>liked the Westin, beware of your phone bill I liked the Westin very much. Liked the modern furniture, great bed, good view , we were on the 20th floor overlooking the Hudson river. Very fast elevators, you never have to wait. The room was pretty quiet considering that your are very close to Times Square. The hotel is not on Times Square.I did not like that they charge for everything including the fitness club, the coffee in the room, $5.00 for a small bottle of water, the high speed internet- even though this was advertised in a way it seemed like it was included in the room rate (very deceptive).Watch your bill. I made a local call and a few 800 calls; They charged me $49.00 for the local call and overcharged me with $5-$6 for the 800 calls. I complained of course and they took it off. However, the bill was now completely incomprehensible an still incorrect, with taxes for the internet hidden somewhere in the phone costs. I complained again and they were unable to fix it. This is a real problem for me because the accountance people in my company are very picky. I am also wondering if they have a scam going on. If they consistently overcharge for phone calls with a few dollars they could make quite a bit of money. I would never have noticed if they would not have overcharged me with such a huge amount on one call. Staff was courteous.Overall I liked the hotel well enough that I would come back.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>funpr
<Content>nice corner room i stayed at the westin time square dec 18-20 had a nice stay there. make sure to get a corner room, they have great views. service was ok. remember this is not the ritz as far as service goes.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Greet Location and Bed Location was great and the hotel was clean and modern. The bed was the most comfortable hotel bed I've ever slept in. No complaints.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wherbig
<Content>Modern Design Lovers' Dream My partner and I stayed at the hotel in September and had a fantasic visit. We felt very welcome, which is always a plus. To say we were impressed is an understament. In fact we left wishing they would turn the building into condo flats. This would make a great investment for weekend pleasure trips.The building is very modern and not for everyone. Those that appreciate forward architectural design will enjoy the bold Architechtonica design. Lots of details, including sliding glass doors to bathrroms, beautiful grey tile and aluminum basins. The beds include beautiful pillows and the windows contian subtible panes of color. Plus location in near everything including all the broadway theaters, Times Sqaure. and your not far from both Central Park and even Madison Sqaure Gradens and Penn Station. Ask for a corner room in 39 stack for a special treat.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Outstanding Absolute luxury. The most comfortable bed I've ever slept in, a fantastic view facing NJ, a prime Times Square location (with no traffic noise) and outstanding service from the staff. Cannot recommend this hotel highly enough.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous--Heavenly--clean and comfortable incredible view from our corner room However, not family friendly. Very few rooms with 2 beds and they did not have roll-aways and I requested one 3 weeks prior. Mini Bar....the most expensive I have ever seen and they charge you to call the front desk......If money is not an object..you will love the comfortable room, bed and shower and view!  
<Date>Nov 28, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Can't Beat Location Had a great 4 night stay at the Westin in early November. I got a government rate in the club room and the only thing wrong was we were facing into the main atrium and it was rather noisy at times. The room was 400sq ft and very spacious for 3 of us. I loved the beds as they were so comfy. The bathroom was of a decent size but I'd rather have had one shower head with more power than 2 heads with reasonable pressure. Decent enough continental breakfast as part of the package. I was happy enough with what we paid but don't know if i'd have paid top rate.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hal9341
<Content>Not worth the money Stayed here for five days in September. It was our first visit to New York (usually do California) so I decided to pay more than I usually would and treat my partner and I to a high end property. The only thing this hotel really has going for it is it's location and it's architecture. I was very disappointed with the room. It was too stark and modern for my liking. The bathroom was worse. It looked like something out of a prison! Give me marble opulence any day over an aluminium wash basin. The Heavenly bed drowned me (I'm 5'4). The duvet and covers were far too heavy. Before I wrote this I read a few other reviews and was surprised to find that not having your room tidied had happened to other people too. This is the only hotel I've ever stayed in where the room was not tidied upon my arrival back after a long day out. Considering the price they are charging you really don't get much. If you are loaded - go ahead spend your money- if you are on a regular budget I really don't recommend this property as the treat you are hoping it will be.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jsjsjsjs
<Content>Hated it Where do I start? Luis at front desk check-in says you're going to love this room. Really? he didn't mention the constant noise of slamming doors due to the room being across the hall from the maintenance and linen closets; the honor bar refill lady said she'd be back at 8 a.m. Sunday morning to start up her ruckus again. We were moved to another room that had broken glass all over the carpet ! On our second day, noone cleaned the room - amazing for all that money we paid. Third day, the maid told my girlfriend they wouldn't be changing our sheets because they'd run out of clean sheets; this despite the little post card they gently place on your cushy pillow that reads: We will make your bed every day. Your linens will be changed only when this card is placed on the bed in the morning.So of course I spoke to the apologetic manager who promised a prompt correction and insisted I call him later to confirm that new sheets were on the bed. Well guess what? no new sheets ( I marked a corner of a sheet with a pencil just so I could see for myself). The manager was beside himself and said he was angry that his staff was lying to him, and he gave me a credit for an entire night's stay.Other than that, the staff was rude, the hotel was sterile, the rooms were filthy. They've invested big dollars into hardware - beds, baths, furniture - but they don't take care of them, and their service is literally worse than a motel chain. AVOID THIS PROPERTY.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>mixed- great views, nice gym Everyone on the staff at this hotel is extremely pleasant and polite, which is a real plus, however, some were not at all knowledgeable about basic functions at the hotel. I had a corner room on a high floor. It was not large, but had a spectacular view of the Hudson River and the Empire State Building, which neutralized the remarkably unattractive decor of the room. The bed was comfortable and the room was functional. The bathroom was cavernous and cold, but the great view helped to balance this and make it more pleasant. There were too many minor annoyances for a hotel this price- phone not connected, iron malfunctioned, shower curtain dirty, to name a few. Also, the hotel nickel-and-dimes you, with charges for the gym and by providing only one free coffee in your room (if you want more, you have to buy it from the mini-bar). The gym is well-equipped, spacious and has a nice view. If this hotel were less expensive, the negatives would be less important. If they would brighten up the decor, warm up the bathroom, drop the gym charge and be less stingy with the coffee, I would make this my regular NY hotel. The other annoyance is that they refuse to guarantee a specific type of room until you check in, which is unacceptable to me.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sand&surf
<Content>One of the nicest hotels in NY I think that I'm a pretty discriminating traveler so when I say that I think the Westin is a wonderful hotel, you can believe it. One of the best locations possible--very close to theaters  restaurants. The rooms  bathrooms were more than adequate in size. We were on the 24th floor with a great view of the Hudson River. The heavenly bed was just heavenly. Everything was very clean  the staff was extremely accommodating--no bad attitudes here. They couldn't do enough for you. They also make a great martini in Bar 10. This is not a cheap hotel but definitely worth the price.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great if it weren't for the desk staff Beds, location and cleanliness were excellent. HOWEVER, the front desk screwed up a simple Kinkos delivery for me, and my traveling companion's reservation- then tried assigning blame on him despite his ability to produce confirmation numbers and dates. All ended well, but customer service was AMAZINGLY bad. Probably fine for tourist travel, but be warned that for business travel this is the worst Starwood property we've ever stayed in.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>brneydgrl
<Content>Nice hotel We just returned from New York staying 2 nights at the Westin and I have no complaints. We took a red eye flight and arrived at the hotel at 6am they had a room avail and let us check in upon arrival. Rooms and very clean and comfortable. Very good location for the theaters just a short walk to many broadway shows . Ask for a corner room they have great views!  
<Date>Oct 6, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>petriojala
<Content>Nice but dull We were in NYC last month and moved from W Times Square to Westin Times Square, we just didn't find the W interesting enough any longer and the value for price was just awful.The overall quality at Westin Times Square was quite fine, it's a new building after all. The staff didn't fail anything although we didn't use them much, either. They did manage to give us a smoking room first, though, which they promptly replaced.We just an ordinary room but the view was pretty fine, much better than spectacular room at W. Room size is fine, nothing to make one claustrofobic and who spends so much time in the room anyway.Heavenly Bed was quite nice, nothing really to complain about although it didn't feel ultra-super-luxurious, just something any hotel should have but unfortunately many don't. The standard room at Ian Schrager's St. Martin's Lane or Sanderson in London have pretty similar beds but they don't make fuzz about it.Heavenly Bath should really be called Hilarious Shower. The shower equipment did give a good laugh. Standard shower, low water pressure, fine for a couple of days but not something you'd want at home. Rest of the bathroom pretty standard, everything in good shape (new building..). They should really spend some of the money on getting 1) good door to the bathroom and 2) extra door between the room and the outside, to add some noise guardian.The bath amenities weren't Aveda but the only thing that makes this different from the W Times Square is the lobby, the rooms are very similar and the building is newer and therefore better value for money, usually cheaper, too.Some rooms here must have a spectacular view.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This is no "W Times Square" After searching high and low for a modern hotel with a contemporary dèŒ…cor I found two in the Times Square area. If you are stuck, as I was, between the Time hotel and the Westin Times Square PLEASE stay at the Westin. I toured the Time hotel and was so thankful I had chosen not to stay there. Everyone keeps writing reviews of this hotel in the W Times Square reviews so if you want more positive reviews about this hotel, look there. The heavenly bed was outstanding and perfect for relaxing after a long day touring the city. Our bathroom was unique in that it had a single cheap shower head so I didnt get to experience the dual-head everyone raves about. If you can afford a meal at Shula's Steak House than you wont be disappointed. Be careful what you order! Although it was one of the best meals I have had in my entire life, our bill for two was well over $150. You cant lose by staying in this contemporary hotel.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Hotel Excellent hotel in a good location. The perfect hotel for the theater lover. Rooms are clean and the bathroom has plenty of room. I was given a corner room and the view is fantastic. Would stay there again. Staff is super, love the small touch such as the front desk staff will come from behind the counter and stand next to you to explain your room location and other details.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Heavenly Bed! This was our second visit to the Westin, this last stay was for a week the end of July, through August 2003. Arrived after 11pm and our room was not ready, so we were offered drinks in the bar while our room was readied. We enjoyed a glass of champagne while looking down on the activities on 42nd St and 8th Av. When our room was finally ready, we were taken to the club level to an extremely nice room. It was one of the rooms overlooking 8th Av, with 2 queen beds, and a nicely appointed seating area, the room was huge! The bathroom was excellent, great shower, thick towels, nice Molton Brown toiletries, and plently of counter space, which included a rolling storage cart. The rooms have ironing boards and irons, in room safes, a coffee maker, and terry cloth robes. However the gem of the room are the beds, referred to as the Heavenly Beds. Trust me, if you stay here, you will fall in love with them. The bedding is terrific, lots of pillows, neck rolls, nice comforter, and a nice flat screen tv. I am in love with this hotel and since I travel 3 times a year into the city I will call this my new home! The bed made such an impression we purchased one and now we own a fabulous Heavenly Bed. All in all this is a great hotel, subway station, 42nd St. is below, movie theaters are just a stroll through the lobby, Broadway Theaters are minutes away, and best of all the staff is terrific. No bad experience here, from the minute you enter the hotel, everyone on staff is there to provide an excellent level of service. Yes it may cost a bit more, but then the good things in life sometimes do!  
<Date>Sep 15, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Westin Nice but Amenities Costly New York City's new Westin at Time's Square certainly is one sleek, modern hotel. This 4-star hotel presents itself admirably on first sight, and you won't be disappointed once inside. It's clean, ultra-modern rooms are nicely sized and decorated in a black/gray/white/chrome color scheme. My partner and I were in NYC for three overnights from August 26 to 29, 2003, and our stay at the Westin made coming back to the hotel at the end of the day a comfortable experience. Most room amenities were very nice including the Heavenly bed which was wonderful to sleep on. The Heavenly bath was good too. I opted for the tub, which was no better than your own home bathroom, so no big praise there. However, my partner greatly enjoyed the two-headed shower which was very soothing to sore muscles. We both wondered what was up with the 'Heavenly bath products' they advertised as available with the room. Yes, you could BUY Heavenly bath products from their hotel store, but the only bath products available were the standard small hotel-sized shampoo, conditioner and lotion you get in almost any hotel. We had two other MAJOR 'amenity' disappointments with this stay, which may have been because of our own lack of experience with how some hotels price things. Before booking this hotel, I thoroughly researched this and other hotels in its caliber, and several amenities were listed as though included in the cost of the room. For instance, high-speed internet access is listed as a room amenity, and we assumed, when booking, that this was available as part of the room cost. This was not so#8212;the cost was $14.95 per DAY for Internet access. For a few days stay and the need to connect, you end up paying as much as you do for your entire MONTH'S home cable internet connection costs. Another 'amenity' that we believed was included with the room was the Fitness Center. We came with our workout clothes ready to enjoy the Fitness Center, but discovered that to use it would cost an additional $10.00 per PERSON per day. We thought that cost was outrageous considering the cost of the room coupled with other already-high amenity charges. As far as staff was concerned, they were wonderfully courteous, friendly and professional. However, one evening we asked the concierge for recommendations for a 'great French restaurant'. We were referred to two French restaurants which, upon checking their menus, displayed more American dishes than French. We also had asked the concierge his opinion about 'restaurant row' (found on 46th street) where numerous French and other restaurants can be found, and the concierge stated he would not recommend any of those. Well, my partner is a European who has traveled, stayed and dined extensively all over France, and we ended up at Le Rivage on restaurant row and enjoyed a delicious authentic French meal! So much for the concierge knowledge and recommendation in that case! But, all in all, our stay was quite comfortable. We just wish the Westin Hotel didn't need to nickel-and-dime you for many of the amenity costs which they appear to advertise as included with the room. If you are aware of this and it's okay, then you won't otherwise be disappointed with this hotel. Would we stay there again? We would probably choose the Doubletree Guest Suites which are just as nice AND with lower amenity charges.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>e0g7y21a
<Content>Best Concierge! (and some advices) Stayed at the Westin for 3 nights from Aug 22 to 25. We got a special deal from starwood stay 3 nights for the price of 2 so it's a bargain! Here's a bit of an advice:1) I do not recommend the Club level room, you are on the lower part of the hotel and the view is very limited, the only extra you get is a double shower head in the bathroom and free continental breakfast. Besides, the room isn't that much bigger than a deluxe room.2) Book a deluxe room and request for a corner room. Having complained about not being able to get a better Club level room from a SPG Gold status, the reception has offered me Rm 4539, a top floor corner room that faces W43 St/7 Ave. Even the bathroom's got a window where you can see the Hudson River! The corner rooms are usually Deluxe room so don't spend the extra 30 bucks for a Club room.3) You will meet the best concierge at the Theater District, if not the whole Manhattan. They are very friendly and informative. And prior to arrival, you just let them know which restaurants you want to go and they will make reservations for you. Of course, I am talking about restaurants like Nobu. I was able to get a table at Nobu during this trip. Ask for Tonya or Mariah, the concierge, they're super friendly and know alot about restaurants in NYC that can almost qualify as a food critic.4) Most staff are very curteous that will make your trip very special, Michelle at the reception is absolutely friendly and she knows and understand your concerns very well.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Westin just "okay" I recently spent a long weekend in New York City with my Husband and two other couples. Each couple had a room at the Westin. The three best things about the Westin were the view, the shower and the bed. Other than the shower, the bathroom was not the best. There is not a traditional vanity, so there is no where to put your things. Other downfalls....tons of peep-shows were just across the stree, the hotel was not directly on Times Square, but one block back, we were charged $10 just to try to make a call (trying to call my mother-in-law...phone was buzy, but was charged the $10 each time anyway), etc. The good news is that we complained about the $10 charges for the calls and they were taken off of our bill. Bottom line - hotel was okay, but there are better hotels for the price in NYC.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>wow Looked everywhere for a contemporary NY hotel and found the perfect match. Excellent accommodations and amazing beds! Short walk to Times Square. LCD tv's in elevator eliminate akward silence. Staff was very helpful. Everyone should stay here...  
<Date>Aug 18, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>4 days at the NY Westin Stayed at the NY Westin Times Square 8/8-8/11. It was a wonderful Hotel. Very close to Times Square/Theatre Dist. The room was not as small as I had expected from reading other reviews. The shower head was great! The sink and counter space in the bathroom was very limited for most women's things. The bed was very comfortable, couldnt get the room cold enough for all of the down blankets on bed. After checking out and leaving my husband realized he left his wallet in the safe. We called security and they checked the room 2x and found it, Fed Ex'd to us right off. Our friends in another room also left things, the maid had found them and returned them. The Hotel does not call you if they find things left behind, they put it in lost and found and leave it to you call. Overall it was a great stay, hotel was quiet and you can get away from the noise in Times Square. I'm sorry to say we did not make it to the SPA. We did eat at Shula's, it seemed expensive compared to other restaurants in the area. I would stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Simply Perfect I travel regularly to New York...and the westin times square was by FAR the BEST hotel I've stayed in! The staff was very friendly and did everything they could to make my trip absolutely perfect. When i was checking in...I was upgraded to a BEAUTIFUL corner room..so I had windows almost all the way around the room. It had a nice view of the city. The room was very clean, especially the bathroom..and the heavenly shower and heavenly beds were indeed HEAVENLY! The showers had 2 showerheads on them and the beds were soo soft. Definitely a plus. The food in the hotel was pretty good, a bit expensive, but so is every other place in NY so thats OK! The location of the hotel was pretty nice..good for theater-goers. The next time i got to NY..i plan on staying at the westin again! After being there and talking with the great staff... I wouldnt stay anywhere else!  
<Date>Aug 12, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Really Like the Westin Stayed at the Westin on Saturday, Aug 9th and loved it. The room was a nice size. The beds and and linens were so comfortable. Everything was decorated very modernly. I would highly recommend this hotel. I didn't hear any street noise and were were on the 14th floor. If we opened the window you could hear noise but, but who opens a window in August? Hotel staff was very nice and the hotel in centrally located to everything. It is right near all the theatres, which is great if you are seeing a show!  
<Date>Aug 11, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a "Heavenly" Hotel We booked the trip through Hotwire.com...paid $1100 for 4 nights hotel and direct flights to and from. Stayed from 7/23/2003 - 7/27/2003.Check-in was a snap, but probably due to the fact that we didn't arrive until 11:00pm. During the day long lines did develop at the huge front desk with only 1 or 2 people working. We had requested a corner room on one of the upper floors with a city view, but by the time we arrived they only had 7 rooms left so they upgraded us to a Deluxe room instead of the Superior room. WOW! The room was huge and extremely clean and we had a decent view from the 16th floor. You hear horror stories of how small the rooms can be in NYC, but not this room. The bathroom had plenty of space and enough towels to dry half of Times Sqaure!And for all the Heavenly amenities...well I now know why they call them Heavenly. The shower felt like you were standing in a waterfall, and the bed was THE best bed I have ever slept on....and if your in NYC on vacation and plan on doing a lot of walking like we did...then the Heavenly Shower/Bed is the best remedy for tired legs!The maid service was excellent and the security was very nice at the front door (they have a sign posted you must present your room key to enter but they never once asked to see our key). The hotel was very quite at night...but if you like to sounds of NYC at night just crack the windows open a little.All in all...great hotel with great service (for what we needed) in a great location. I will have a hard time staying anywhere else on my next trip to NYC.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hanlgt
<Content>Not what I expected Yes, the location is great if you like theatre and crowds, but the room I had on the 30th floor was small. The view was fun, though. The other good thing was the great dual-head shower and the comfy bed. Other than that, I had a lot of complaints considering how much I paid. When I first got in the room, I turned on all the lights to unpack my suitcase, but I literally could not see inside my bag while I unpacked it on the bench where one is supposed to put suitcases. The lighting was awful. Even the reading light by the bed was inadequate for the purpose. The bathroom was super-small and the annoying tiny metal sink and shelf made me think I was on an airplane. There was simply no room on the tiny shelf to place more than a few objects and I had the usual make-up kit, hair products and toothbrush, etc and they all would not fit. There is also very little closet space (1/2 a regular one) or drawer space. The shower curtain was inadequate as water puddled up on the bathroom floor, which is dangerous and slippery--and I closed the curtain well! Weirdly, I was told upon check-in that if I so much as moved an item in the snack-bar/fridge, I would be charged for it, so I can't imagine that even having the little fridge in the room is useful to more than just a very few guests who are willing to buy that stuff. I called the service express 4 separate times for things over the course of my stay and never once did they answer before the 10th ring. Anyway, I plan to chose another hotel next time, although I usually like Westin.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Westin I would like to share my positive experience at the Westin Hotel in New York City, Midtown (Times Square). This is a new hotel since last October 2002. All people from the Reception desk is absolutely nice, friendly, customer service minded. Guest rooms are superb, clean. Location of the hotel is obviously great. Though rather expensive, it is a great hotel and I enjoyed it. Kind regards, Fabienne  
<Date>Jun 4, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Gill
<Content>Stylish and Contempory Stayed here from 10th - 13th May following 3 nights at the Waldorf Astoria. We had a fab. corner room on the 38th floor with the most amazing views. The check in clerk (extremely nice and made a fuss of my 8 year old, giving her a kids fun pack) offered us a choice of high or low floors, I plucked up the courage to choose a high floor and wasn't dissapointed. The view was just amazing (room 3839). I loved the modern decor and the bathroom was terrific. The service, when requested, was excellent. However, when just walking past employees, notably in the street level lobby, they didn't acknowledge you, which gave a 'couldn't care less' impression. I'm used to staff greeting me, or certainly smiling. But if you asked them anything, they were brilliant and pulled out all the stops, clearly, the impressions they gave off were incorrect. The location was great, a few minutes walk into Times Square proper and if you do the Grayline tours, they all stop very near on 8th Avenue. Actually, I would choose this hotel over the Waldorf Astoria to return to, even though it is difficult to compare the two, the location of the Westin and the decor was much more my cup of tea.  
<Date>May 30, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Super Hotel! Had heard mixed reviews of this Hotel. I lived in NYC for many years and watched this hotel go up, and had always wanted to stay there. Last weekend (Memorial day, 2003) I took my brother and his wife to NYC for a trip and we stayed here. It is a GREAT hotel for the price and the location is good (if you want to do theater and touristy stuff). Also, there is great subway access right outside the front door. Some tips: First off - I would ask for a high floor, and most importantly, ASK FOR A CORNER ROOM! My brother was on the 31st floor in a nice corner with wrap around windows. We checked in to our better  higher 45th floor room and it was about half the size with only one window?! Visiting the front desk took all of 2 minutes to get moved to the last corner room (on the 39th floor, WHAT A VIEW!). My guess is that the normal rooms are small-ish, but done very well. The corner's are bigger. This hotel holds up to any other Westin/W hotel I've been to, for sure. Also, breakfast at Shula's is wonderful, albiet expensive. Finally, the sushi and drinks are top-notch at the bar, BAR10. Definately recommend.  
<Date>May 28, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Memorial Day weekend_2003 Just returned from a 3 night stay at the Westin Times Square. If you are doing the Theater, then the location is great. If not, then I would probably stay closer to Central Park (keeps you away from the 42nd street peep shows, etc). The Westin is not a NEW hotel as the weston web site would have you believe, but I assume it is new for Westin as the owner. Inside was very clean and the Club Level, where we stayed, was quite and cozy. However the Club lounge was undergoing contruction, so it was closed. Shula's was a bright spot. ...Caution...if you have breakfast at Shula's, before saying yes to the coffee and OJ as is customary when first sitting down to breakfast, realize that the OJ is not complimentary, but $6 a glass. The front desk staff was not the greatest in the world (told me that they would not consider a room upgrade unless we were Platinum status-I am Gold), but the bellmen where very kind. Heavenly Bath was awesome and spacious. We paid $239 a night for Club Level.  
<Date>May 26, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved Shula's!   showReview(991907, 'full');   
<Date>May 7, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Corpscopp
<Content>Great for convention, subpar for Westin   showReview(970744, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 21, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RoundTheWorldandBack
<Content>Excellent in every way!   showReview(930304, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 6, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Style and Substance   showReview(924811, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 26, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Hotel in Times Square   showReview(920166, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 19, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Westin was Wonderful   showReview(907168, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 3, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>evker
<Content>great hotel despite nightmare   showReview(906677, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 2, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nightmare   showReview(861029, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 25, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing getaway...   showReview(793221, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 21, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Westin was Wonderful   showReview(741156, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 8, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lovetravelling87
<Content>La qualitèŒ… Westin   showReview(23167766, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>ojunquera
<Content>Buena situaciè´¸n y hotel   showReview(21932850, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>TEFU1073
<Content>ç»”å¬ªæ¹´é‰â€²æ¬¢éŽ¶æ»…å…¢éŠ‡Ñä»š   showReview(21396998, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>çå¿‹ä»ŒéŠ‡îˆå¢·å¦žå¶ƒäºª
<Content>éŠ‰î¬å„‰éŠ‰ç‚½ä»¾éŠˆã‚ƒå…‚éŠ‰å—å„¶éŠˆ?#x201d;       éŠ‰î¬å„‰éŠ‰ç‚½ä»¾éŠˆã‚ƒå…‚éŠ‰å—å„¶éŠˆî¬ä¼„ç€¹ãˆ î…»  
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>EneroEnLaPlaya
<Content>Correcto, como mucho       Vista exterior  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	5	4	1	1	3	

<Author>elisina
<Content>FANTASTICO   showReview(19568747, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	5	

<Author>helen1217
<Content>éŠ‰î…œå™éŠ‰ç¬ºå¡éŠ‰Ñå…‚éˆâ‚¬æ¥‚æ¨¸ä¼„éŠ‰æ¶–å„éŠ‰?#x201d;   showReview(19508369, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	3	4	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr Gut (Preis/Leistung)   showReview(19634352, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>trçŒ«s bien plaèŽ½èŒ…   showReview(19634350, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bel hä¹ˆtel   showReview(19634351, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>TrçŒ«s bon hä¹ˆtel Midtown New York   showReview(19634349, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>AlmaQuincyfrance
<Content>Westin Times Square, une fois d'accord....   showReview(18462923, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	2	4	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Eccezionale   showReview(18526859, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JackieBrescia_Italy
<Content>We love the Westin New York   showReview(18167356, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jonsi
<Content>Buena situaciè´¸n   showReview(17555355, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>"TrçŒ«s trçŒ«s dèŒ…èŽ½u"   showReview(18526858, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Besser als erwartet   showReview(17430577, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ganz gut   showReview(16586477, 'full');   
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Einfach gut   showReview(16586476, 'full');   
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>éŠˆå¹¿åªéŠˆã‚ƒå„¶éŠ‰å†¦å¡éŠ‰ãƒ£ä»¾éŠ‰æ¶–å„éŠ‰î‚ ä»¹éŠ‡?#x201d;   showReview(19171234, 'full');   
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gutes Hotel am Times Square   showReview(16586475, 'full');   
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Medio   showReview(15562216, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>kann ich weiterempfehlen   showReview(15562217, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>macPortugal
<Content>Gute Lage   showReview(15150157, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>IdèŒ…alement situèŒ…e mais calme   showReview(15562210, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ottima posizione   showReview(15562215, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>girmi
<Content>Bell' albergo       camera  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel disorganizzato   showReview(13975105, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hä¹ˆtel intèŒ…ressant.   showReview(13191754, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Genial   showReview(13191753, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hä¹ˆtel è„¿ recommander   showReview(13191750, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>trçŒ«s bon hotel, un peu grand, donc impersonnel.   showReview(13191749, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>OK pour New York   showReview(13191752, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>éˆâ‚¬æ¥‚æ¨¸ä»¹éŠ‡æ¤¼ä»§é”›?#x201d;   showReview(19167294, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>BarNiki
<Content>"Hotel minimalista per intenditori"   showReview(10707268, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Splendida struttura e ottima posizione   showReview(11302663, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>éŠˆî‚ å„éŠ‰æ¤¼å„·éŠ‡î‚ äº°éŠ‡æ¬ä»šéŠˆä½µâ‚¬?#x201d;   showReview(19166128, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 3, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>éŠˆå ›äº±éŠ‡ï½ƒä»§éŠ‡Ñä»šéŠ†?#x201d;   showReview(19165907, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gut aber teuer   showReview(11302662, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ç»”å¬ªæ¹´éŠ‡îˆ˜å„¥éŠˆå¹¿å„“   showReview(19165516, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Albergo corrispondente alle aspettative   showReview(13191751, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Alfiema
<Content>Salvo all'ultimo!!   showReview(10013501, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 28, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ç»”å¬ªæ¹´éˆâ‚¬æ¥‚æ©ˆç´’   showReview(19162753, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>fboas
<Content>Un tres bon hotel   showReview(8246775, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ç»”å¬ªæ¹´éŠ‡îˆ›å§•ç¼‡ã‚ƒä¼„æ¥‚æ¨¼ç¤†éŠ‰æ¶–å„éŠ‰?#x201d;   showReview(19161869, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo hotel   showReview(11493637, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Empfehlenswert!   showReview(11493636, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Cet hä¹ˆtel laissera un agrèŒ…able souvenir !   showReview(11420528, 'full');   
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Lage   showReview(11420527, 'full');   
<Date>May 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tolles Hotel   showReview(11420522, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>top !   showReview(11420521, 'full');   
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>trçŒ«s bien situèŒ…   showReview(11403936, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Hotel nous recommandons ..   showReview(11403935, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Licht und Schatten   showReview(11394631, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 3, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Rien è„¿ dire !   showReview(11388862, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Attention aux extras!   showReview(11384936, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11380671, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 29, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bel hotel, bien situèŒ…   showReview(11374087, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 11, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nous y reviendrons .surement   showReview(11329482, 'full');   
<Date>May 9, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>å©§â‚¬ç“’ç‚½äºœéŠ‡å¿”ç²¸é¦?#x201d;   showReview(19155851, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 11, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>æ¸šåž®åŸ„éŠ†â‚¬éªæ’å€Žéˆâ‚¬æ¥‚?#x201d;   showReview(19155078, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>4å¨‰?éƒãƒ£ä¼„é­î…œäºœéƒå‘«ä»¹éŠ‡?..   showReview(19929092, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>éŠ†â‚¬éŠ‰æ¨¸å„¢éŠ‰ç‚½å„¶éŠ‰ç¬ºå„¥éŠ‰å†¦å„”éŠ‡?..   showReview(19927451, 'full');   
<Date>May 16, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>é”›æŽ“æ¹€é”›æˆ¯ç´ªéƒãƒ£äº±éŠˆå¤›ç´¦å¨‰å¨¿ä»...   showReview(19925436, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 25, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>å¯¤è™¹å¢¿éŠ‡ç—‘rchite...   showReview(19924791, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 2, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>éŠ‰æ¿„å…—éŠ‰å ›å‘éŠ‰ç¬ºå¨éŠ‰î‚å„éŠˆï½ƒå…—...   showReview(19923178, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 29, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>æ¾¶æ ¬Î¤éŠ‡å¬¨å€éŠ‡æ¤¼ä»¸å¨²ç‚¬å¢œéŠ‡Ñ…æ´°...   showReview(19922249, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 15, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>éŠˆè£¤å†éŠ‰çŠ®å¤éŠˆå¹¿å—éŠˆã„£å„éŠ‡ã„£äºœ...   showReview(19920709, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

