<Author>mislp
<Content>Fantastic Views and Service - As usual We stayed this year in the R2 apartment for two weeks with fantastic views of the ocean, sunrises and sunsets. (This is our fourth stay at Villa Tropical) Wonderful direct acces to the beach with showers available for those of us who scuba/snorkle -to wash off our gear. Comfortable no-nonsense accomadations for four of us. The apartment has a homey feel to it for those who have adolescent boys runing in and out. Small kitchen was well equipped and perfect for our needs. If we did find that we needed something - We would just ask the owners and we would have it no time.Appreciate the apartment concept - Don't have Villa Tropical staff in and out of the apartment daily making beds, etc. Had total privacy for our stay with the exception of the one cleaning /linen change at the one week mark. Kudos to the Villa Tropical Staff who worked endlessly on Chrismas Day to see to the needs of their tenants when electricity was on and off as a tropical depression (rare for this time of year) hit the island. They made the experience seem uneventful and were professional through the entire event. They even did it with a smile.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>COtraveller69
<Content>Great Spot, NIce Apartment We spent Thanksgiving here and had a great time. Really low key and relaxing while completely sufficient at the same time. Trevor and his wife took care of any need that came up.The recommendations on their website are right on. Isabella had a lot of great beaches. Hope we can do it again, someday!  
<Date>Dec 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	4	5	

<Author>PRLOVERBostom
<Content>Gas grill bottle blew up almost setting house and guest on fire The management is clueless and after having the gas grill bottle ignite throwing a 10 ft flame and sending us into a panic  nearly burning the place down, I can conclude fairly unsafe. I understand they have there regular clientele of surfers, ect but I cant understand why anyone would come back with so many options in the area. They pulled a bait and switch when we arrived giving us a different apartment than we had reserved and then tried denying it as though I would not figure out that the name of the house and pictures where not the same from what I had selected from the web page or what was sent to me in the rental agreement (with additional pictures email with the agreement. As a result they avoided us at all times, but in the interest of letting sleeping dogs lie and not let it ruin my winter vaca we dealt with it as we had no other options (they were fully booked and I wasn't going to find somewhere else). Trevor and Mike seem to only take care of their regulars as they dont seem to mind burning (no pun intended) a guest or two based on the reviews. I have rented beach houses the past 2 winters in Puerto Rico and have never had a problem and consider myself a low maintenance guy who could sleep on a fence but these guys run a terrible business and made our stay uncomfortably by sticking my wife son and I to sleep on a full bed giving the apartment we rented with a queen to someone else (a regular is my guess based on what I was able to put together). I wont be surprised if someone gets hurt on one of thier properties and I am sure for every satisfied stay there is one bad one. We made the best of it  love PR but it was just one thing after another and it all lead back to poor management and was all unavoidable if they had taken the care to give us the right accommodations, and not provide junk grills and bottles. I would avoid this place and Villa Tropical would best serve their customers by using a professional rental management company and not a couple of beach bums (rum anyone).  
<Date>Dec 21, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	3	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>BLC2
<Content>I highly recommend Villa Tropical for business trip or vacation accomodations After completing my recent stay at Villa Tropical on a business trip, I felt compelled to write a recommendation to other business travelers to the west side of Puerto Rico. I travel to Puerto Rico for business several times a year and I have stayed at Villa Tropical several times. It has always been a tremendous experience. My Villas have always been extremely clean, spacious and peaceful. My schedule is usually very full at work and it is always a joy to come back to Villa Tropical. I open the back door, sit on my patio and listen to and watch the ocean lap onto the beach just 50 yards away. This brings a sense of tranquility after an often busy and stressful day at work. The owners, Trevor and Jennifer are very cordial and accommodating. It is not uncommon for one or both to take an early evening walk about to ensure their guests are comfortable and have everything they need. It鈥檚 the personal touch from this family owned operation that is very attractive. The owners also set me up with a great catering service called Banquetes Reinamar who delivered fabulous breakfast meals directy to my door every morning at 6:45am. It is evident they truly enjoy their guests and treat everyone, including their Staff, with dignity and respect. I highly recommend Villa Tropical to business travelers or vacationers. Trevor and Jennifer, thank you for another excellent stay at Villa Tropical. Best Regards, Brian ConnellVP Global OperationsSymmetricom Inc.[-----]  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>josetads
<Content>Best strech of beach in Isabela, the apartments were a different story       Blue Hole from Vila Tropical  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	5	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>sabre1952
<Content>#1 Paradise I stay in a lot of places in the island and my number #1 choice is Villa Tropical, Trevor and Jennifer are excellent hosts and the facilities are superb, family oriented, quiet and the ocean view is awesome. All their personnel are very polite and they solve any situation that may arise in a quick and professional manner. Guys keep it up! I will keep sending my associates, family members and friends to you guys.God Bless you and your crew,Peter J  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tropicalgardener
<Content>Place is mismanaged...look elsewhere What started out as a great idea ended in a fiasco. My friend invited our family of three over for the afternoon to have a bar-b-cue. We were also considering staying one night, though the rental agent for the clustered, privately-owned rental units informed us they only offered only two nights. Fine, since my wife had work later the following day, so we opted to merely visit with our friend. As we were we being accompanied by an agent to our friend's suite the agent made a bazaar comment to me. She said, are your still here? At first I could not comprehend her meaning. Apparently, you cannot have guests at this fine establishment-gussied up beach shacks-without management permission first-kind of like asking the teacher permission to use the bathroom. Anyway, she did not politely remind my friend of this policy, or he was unaware of it. After her caustic comment registered in my road-weary brain, I realized I was livid. I did not call her any names, but I did tell her I had no intention of staying that afternoon, night, or forever. Also, I informed her that she was unprofessional, and perhaps a racist, since she is white and my friend is not; I cannot see her making the same comment to the guest of a middle class -white American family. I felt bad for my friend who has stayed here for years, spending thousand of dollars to be humiliated. The irony is that he is a person of color being insulted by a white, non-Puerto Rican on an island supposedly controlled by brown-skinned people. How ugly. What really upset me was the fact that my twelve-year-old daughter was present. I did give the agent an earful, but she probably deserves more, like being made to change her job description. I later found out that the same person was having issues with other guests. In a real hotel, she would be fired immediately for such nasty comments. Her intent was, contrary to her flustered after-explanation, really lame. She said it was a misunderstanding. Alas, I completely understood her intent. We already found another place up the shore for later this summer, and we would never return to this place. Although the beach is really nice, it is riddled with sea urchins, and nasty coral. The blinds did not work properly and I was told the air conditioning unit kept going on and off all night.If I was on the mainland, I would certainly consider a lawsuit for such strange, insulting behavior. Stay away until they change the management. There are plenty of other places to stay in this neck of the woods. One final comment: The owner of a couple of units graciously offered to help us and tried to placate us with kind words. But, it was really too late. An awful experience.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>1	4	4	4	4	1	2	-1	

<Author>sdlnyc78
<Content>Awesome I visited Isabella for a destination wedding held at Villa Montanya about a five minute walk down the beach from Villa Tropical. All I can say is we got the better deal. Though the decor at Villa Tropical is a bit lacking; a lot lacking, our view was spectacular. Villa Montanya's accomodations are much nicer to look at, but most, if not all of the rooms have no view of the ocean. At Villa Tropical, the beds were very comfy, and I am not a good sleeper generally. Every night I feel asleep to the sounds of the waves. I cooked breakfast and walked onto my porch where the ocean was practically underneath my feet. Gorgeous views. Each apartment has a five burner BBQ on the deck, so we had a little BBQ with friends from the wedding. Snorkeling and scuba diving are right at your feet, though it is important to ask your fellow beach goers where to go into the water. The area is lined with sea urchins tucked into the rocks, but once you establish the spot to go in it's great snorkeling. The owners were very gracious, and hook you up with anything you need. You can't beat the price for a view like we had.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	5	1	

<Author>rxygrl
<Content>The view is amazing!!! We stayed at the Villa Tropical a few weeks ago. I was a bit worried about the location since we previously stayed in the Rincon area. The hotel has the most amazing view and sits right on the best snorkeling spot on the island. The fish and area is great for snorkeling along with beautiful beach views. The hotel is clean and the owners go out of their way to make sure you have everything needed. For the price and the location (if you want to snorkel with surfing nearby ) it can't be beat. If you want a resort then you must go up the road. The rooms are well equiped we always had hot water, and had a full kitchen with cofee maker , stove, microwave and refrig The satellite gets many channels. The one thing I would change is maybe upgrading the beds. Our mattress was a bit saggy. But I don't necessarily expect all the amentities of home when I travel..The owners will help you book any of your travel and let us check in early so we could enjoy a quick dip in the ocean. Great place!! Thanks for making our trip so enjoyable/  
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Camilio
<Content>Family Stay at the beach In June 2008, I traveled to Puerto Rico on business with the United States Marshal Service. My Wife just graduated as an RN and due to her new job, she was unable to go with me and both of my daughters. I routinely travel to this location for business and during this trip, I decided to take one of my co-workers recommendation and stay at the Villa Tropical. When I arrived (late at night), I was met by the owner(s) themselves and was issued my keys along with a very warm and friendly welcome. The apartment I stayed in is definetley something to talk about. You walk out of your back door onto and nice large deck that overlooks the ocean. All I can say is the view is something you only see in a magezine. Your personal balcony comes with its own grill and lounge chairs, which is nice at nighttine when your taking in the view. Another incomparable amenity the Villa Tropical offers is the beach. I have been around the Island enough times to know that this area is one of the best for snorkeling and diving. My daughters really were amazed by the clarity of the water and the amount of fish that were literally swimming all around them. An experience they will always remember, I'm sure. I was 100% satisfied with the service I received. One of the outstanding qualities about the service is that the owner(s) (husband and wife) are personally working everyday and are always on top of any request and/or problem that might come up. A personal experience I had is when my oldest daughter developed an excruciating earache from swimming. The owner (Jennifer) found out about the problem and immediately came up to my room to help. Jennifer then called up her friend (she happened to be a nurse) in an effort to get the best advise to help us out. I was recommended to go to the local pharmacy and get the meds, which ultimately helped the problem. The most amazing things about Jennifer is that she sat in my apartment and comforted by daughter with a warm rag on the ear, while I drove to get the medicine. First, I trust Jennifer enough to watch my own kid and secondly, where else can you find such hometown service in paradise. I have been to Puerto Rico on business 9 times now and the Villa Tropical has overwhelmingly earned my business in the future.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kenruhm
<Content>Total Relaxation, Unbelievable Beauty! Nance  I have been vacationing at Villa Tropical for the last three years and have been so thoroughly won over by the gorgeous beaches and incredibly relaxing atmosphere that we're having all (13) of our kids, their wives and our grandchildren join us there over the holidays. The units all have large decks just steps from the beach and are fully equipped and impecccably maintained. Good friends of ours did the Villa Tropical thing this year on our recommendation and immediately booked a couple of weeks for their 2009 vacation.  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>AllScrnNamesAreTaken
<Content>Trifecta of Triple Delight The accommodations have a huge deck and the best views on the beach 鈥?you are on the beach! Take a few steps down from the view and you are on sand, walk a few paces further and you are in the ocean, put your head in the water and you're in another world. By far the best access to the coral and a variety of stunning marine life 鈥?snorkeling is a must. You can glide through the water for hours and lose track of time. This is not the place for you to lock yourself up in the unit expecting to be waited upon day and night - even so there is a fully equipped kitchen, satellite TV, and a gas grill on the deck. With shutters open, the soothing sounds of the sea will lay you to sleep like nature鈥檚 own lullaby.Other locations up and down the beach are more like condominium cookie cutter resorts, expensive and further away from the best spots - in some cases it may make the difference between diving in or not. Horseback riding trips are located minutes away, with well behaved and comfortable rides for all levels through forests and the beach. A few minutes walk along the beach will take you to great little restaurants and places to kick back with a cocktail - although you could do it all from the deck.The expat owners Trevor, Jennifer and their beautiful little baby girl are just great and chock full of a wealth of information. They will orient you in whichever direction or experience you are looking for. Say hello to them as they walk by and you will have a day full of options (or not, if that's your pleasure). As busy as they are, they understand why people come there and seem to share the excitement as if it's their first time. I went to Puerto Rico to enjoy the culture, the beautiful views, the freedom... I was cooped up for too long in the Midwestern winter and loved every minute of being out there. I have been to many other beaches in Central America, and paid more for far less. The value and location of this place is amazing, grab it while it's still unspoiled by mass commercialism.After spending four days there, I wish I could have stayed longer and done more. Oh yes, the Trifecta - this place is where sand, sea, and sky all meet in perfect harmony.Enjoy!  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>KTfromLA
<Content>Villa Tropical       view from the beach  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	-1	4	5	-1	

<Author>pjoya
<Content>beautiful place!!!!!!!!!!!! The area was prestine! excellent for snorkeling. Before going I read other reviews posted, there was one who didnt like it there, forget him!. My wife and I enjoyed the place, very home like. The owners were great people, who made our stay comfortable, they were very hospitable as well. The accomodations were all you need for a great visit. Granted the rooms are not the Ritz, but they were clean and the rooms provided all the necessities we needed. If Isabela is another future desitnation we will definitely go back to Villa Tropical  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>NjFreddy
<Content>Try somewhere else. MANY better rentals in PR on equally beautiful beaches. The management is doing a poor job. We had reservation issues where the unit we reserved (confirmed in writing with photos prior to our stay) was not the one we were given keys too upon arriving. When I confronted them about this we were told there was a scheduling conflict so without telling us before arriving they moved us to another unit we would not have agreeed to taking (I guess they figured we would not have noticed). 2nd fl units are not safe, lacking a 2nd exit (be prepared to jump out a window in event of emergency). Gas grills are not safe - we had a major grill fire one night and in just reading other posts, their grills seem to be an issue. I met someone on Hobo's beach who used to stayed at Vila Tropical in the past and felt that the new managers dont have a grasp on what they are doing and he and his family started staying somewhere else. I would suggest staying anywhere else until units are made safer  management changes or gets their act together. We tried not to let these things spoil our trip (we vacation in PR every winter) but it just seemed to be one thing after another.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>1	2	2	5	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>wandrlust
<Content>Great Views The location cannot be beat. It was very convenient but the rooms are not what I expected. We had just come from a resort on the East Coast and although I didn't expect luxurious accomodations, I didn't expect thick dust on the ceiling fans or sort of a homemade bed/frame. We found ants crawling on the beds and curtains. Another thing to expect is sharing of the deck space. Decks are shared and the couples next to us, although they were nice, they grilled out and smoked on the deck almost every evening which I did not expect. And like the other reviewers wrote, the owners are very helpful but I think the place could use just a bit of sprucing up.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>4	2	2	5	2	2	4	2	

<Author>debmcd
<Content>Laid back paradise We had booked a house for a week during the holiday season  were told at the last minute the Villa Tropical people were now managing it. They (Trevor  Jennifer) were great  willing to help in any way. If you want a fancy resort, go elsewhere-but for a basic beach house with a fabulous beach right out front, this is the place to go. It was perfect for us and they were fabulous hosts.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great deal on an ocean-front apartment Our stay at Villa Tropical was definitely the highlight of our 10-day vacation in Puerto Rico. We had an ocean-front apartment at a great price. There was a beautiful coral reef and cave system right outside our front door! There was a famous surfing beach a mile away. The owners were incredibly friendly and welcoming. They took time from their busy schedules to take us surfing and snorkeling. I would definitely stay here again, and I highly recommend this resort to anyone traveling to Puerto Rico.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

