<Author>Pins25
<Content>Terrific hotel, booked return stays My wife and I celebrated our 20th wedding anniversary here.Trip Advisor was the main reason we chose this hotel.I had been to Paris before and thought St. Germain would be the area for us. We could not have been happier with our choice.Staff was extremely helpful and spoke English for those of us with rusty French. The hotel was spotless, the room (14) was a nice size and had a beautiful bathroom. I am coming back January 9 for 3 nights for business and have booked here again. Also taking the family over Presidents holiday in February and staying here as well.Getting back to the staff, we spoke with Fabienne and Andreas and they were eager to help. In fact, Andreas told me of a place for the Giants football game a short 10 minute walk away. Lastly, we really enjoyed speaking with Jacques. He was at the small but quaint bar at evenings end and provided much information.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Woodshaper
<Content>Great Stay! We'll be back. We booked our stay at HLP based on the recommendations and reviews on Trip Advisor and we were not disappointed. This is a beautiful hotel that is perfectly located and very comfortably appointed. All Paris has to offer is a short and enjoyable stroll from the hotel and yet the area is so quiet and quaint. Unfortunately we did not have the pleasure of meeting Fabienne and Jacques until our last night there. By the time we retired to our room after some champagne and conversation, we felt like long time friends of both. But that is the constant theme of this great hotel. We definitely plan on staying there on our next visit too Paris.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>WhollyHeretic
<Content>A terrific stay       The front entrance  
<Date>Dec 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>dublintraveller100
<Content>Well located, small, elegant We enjoyed our weekend stay in the Luxembourg Parc and think it deserves its four star rating.. The hotel is well located in the Latin Quarter, opposite the Senate and the Mus茅e de Luxembourg, close to St Germain but several minutes walk from the nearest M茅tro. The immediate area is quiet.This is a small hotel in many ways, a conversion of an old building. There are just 23 rooms, of varying sizes but generally quite small, and compact public areas. Our room was elegantly furnished in traditional style - including the original roof beams - and the only irritant was poor lighting (but not in the well equipped marble bathroom). There鈥檚 a library lounge, a bar, a fitness centre, an indoor courtyard, and a small breakfast room. There is no restaurant (but plenty of choice nearby). The staff were all pleasant and helpful and the overall experience relaxing. The breakfast is a good compromise between American and French tastes. There is a public computer and free WiFi.This hotel is a good choice for those who like their luxury understated and moderately priced for Paris. It鈥檚 certainly one of the best we have used in our many visits to that city. But it is small, a place for sleeping in rather than living in and probably better for a short stay.Tip - avoid the Taverne St Germain, the worst restaurant we have encountered for a long time, anywhere.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	-1	4	

<Author>piiiiix
<Content>Cozy charming beauty We stayed at this lovely hotel on our stop-overs to and from remote vacation destination. It is a very quite and tidy hotel, perfectly located for a relaxed city break. Our room on the way to destination was just fabulous - large, with a very nice bathroom; the one on the way back was much smaller. The hotel staff was very helpful and compitent, theirs recommendation for the restaurant was very good.We will definitely stay here again. Thank you.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>johnandmaggie
<Content>Perfect location, wonderful hotel. We booked this hotel to celebrate our 30th wedding anniversary and checked trip advisor as well as the hotel website and the Lonely Planet guide.The hotel, for us, was situated perfectly, close to interesting shops and a great selection of cafes and restaurants arounf the Luxembourg area and St Germain des Pres.The hotel is small and very friendly. A lovely library (with a real open fire!) and bar. The room was very well appointed and very nicely furnished, with excellent bathroom facilities.There were only two issues: firstly, our king sized bed had two single duvets, which was unusual. Secondly (and both of these things might common practice in Paris?), there were no tea or coffee making facilities in the room.Those issues apart, we thoroughly enjoyed the stay and would recommend it to anyone, bearing in mind that it is not one of the cheaper places to stay!  
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>JamesandVictoria
<Content>We loved it! We stayed at this beautiful hotel in September, and thoroughly enjoyed the experience.We arrived a little early for the usual check in but were quickly and efficiently shown to our room.The room was quite a reasonable size, very clean and tastefully decorated with period furniture sloping ceilings and beautiful french fittings in the bathroom,The bathroom was marble and even though the shower was over the bath it was easy to use and the water pressure was good. The soap, shampoo and other products in the bathroom were french and of a very good quality.The staff were nice and very helpful. On the day we arrived we were tired and hungry and the receptionist directed us to a restaurant just up the street which was excellent.The location of the hotel was fantastic, just across the road from the beautiful gardens and only a short walk to Blvd. St. Michel and St. Germaine. Musee D'Orsay, the river Seine with the artists and souvenir sellers, Notre Dame and many other places of interest, shops and restaurants.The metro and RER train stations are only a short walk away and easy to use once you get the hang of it.Take the RER train to Versaiiles, it only takes about 40 mins and is a really interesting trip. The palace itself is unbelievable, you really have to see it and the grounds are huge.We really loved the hotel and wished we had more time to spend there.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>frequenttravelor16
<Content>Perfect hotel for our first trip to Paris! We visited the hotel in July 08. We had to take 3 rooms since there we 5 of us-my wife and 3 daughters. We had requested the room on 2nd floor with the terrace.It was just perfect. The room was a little small, but the terrace was large and had morning sun. I was able to lay out in the sun every morning before starting our day. The hotel staff was great and the breakfast room very nice.The hotel is well located-with many restaurants, bakeries, cafes, etc nearby. We were able to walk to all attractions except Eiffel Tower. It is in a charming part of Paris with many little side streets to explore. I particularly enjoyed the Musee D'orsay-it has the most incredible collection of painting on the 4th floor-I could have spent an entire day there. I highly recommend this hotel to all-especially 1st time visitors to Paris. I also highly recommend Paris to all. We had a great stay!  
<Date>Dec 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>benjaminliu
<Content>Fantastic Paris Hotel Large room and bathroom, breakfast included, gym (!) not cheap but worth the extra money if you want quality accomodations without staff fussing about.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>MM_Northampton
<Content>Fabulous Hotel - highly recommended Our 7th visit to Paris  finally we have found the ideal hotel.It is in a nice quiet part of the city.Our room (31) was a great size - particularly for Paris.Everywhere was spotlessly clean. The staff were extremely helpful  attentive and the breakfast was very good.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>r0ckhill
<Content>Lovely Hotel We stayed at Hotel Luxembourg Parc Oct. 31-Nov. 7, 2008, and were most impressed with the accommodations and with the staff. Our room wasn't ready when we arrived, so Fabienne (at reception) served us delicious breads and coffee in the library. Her thoughtfulness was the norm for all members of the staff during our stay; in fact, we have never experienced such at any other hotel. They even allowed my husband to use the computer behind the desk to check e-mail several times while the computer (free) in the library was down.Our room (executive--#31) was lovely; the linens were luxurious; the bathroom was spotless with plenty of room for our toiletries. There was also plenty of closet and cupboard space for our clothes.The lobby is small but beautifully decorated. The breakfast room is also small, but we never had trouble getting a table. The breakfast came with our room (we booked directly with the hotel's own website), so we ate there each morning and enjoyed both the ambiance and the servers who were quite busy but also accommodating.The library is a small, beautiful room off the lobby. We enjoyed a glass of wine in front of the fireplace most nights. That was a delightful way to end the day.The location is ideal--away from the noise of the touristy areas, but close enough to walk to most of them.We loved our stay, and we have already highly recommended this hotel to friends who are planning a Paris trip in April.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ronToronto
<Content>Lovely Hotel and Can't Beat the Location We make numerous trips to Paris, but this was our first stay at this property. We booked the most basic room, but found the size adequate, and the room itself very well appointed and clean. Staff were all helpful and spoke English well, although we speak French. The breakfasts were excellent and served by a very helpful and attentive staff-person. We usually stay near the Pantheon, and, while we had thought that you can't beat that area, we were just as happy being right across the street from the Luxembourg gardens. We really have only good things to say about this hotel when considering the room and breakfast, the location, the cost, and the service.Wouldn't hesistate at all to recommend the hotel, and we'll certainly stay there in the future.Ron and Ellen, Toronto  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Chazoo
<Content>Great Location, Helpful Staff, You get what you pay for!!       Bathroom  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Luv2Travel15
<Content>Perfect Paris Boutique Hotel What a perfect hotel. Excellent location, lovely room (big change for me from previous Paris hotels), good service, plentiful breakfast. Just lovely. The only downside were the dinner recommendations by the front desk. We went to two restaurants, one near the hotel and one closer to the Tour Eiffel. Neither lived up to Parisian standards which was disappointing because it was our two big nights out!  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Michael01UK
<Content>Excellent boutique hotel - 4 1/2 stars We stayed here for three nights very recently after much research via TripAdvisor, Frommers and other guidebooks. On this particular trip, we were a family of 7, including three young children plus two senior citizens and we booked our rooms well in advance. We asked for, and received, two adjoining rooms on the relatively quiet third floor plus a third room for my parents. The interior of the rooms was spotless, with recently refurbished bathrooms, period furniture and artwork. Pillows were fairly soft and flat and beds were satisfactory by hotel standards. There was a very nice fitness room with a treadmill, a cross trainer, and a couple of other machines. This was very handy after eating so much good food.Location was excellent, just in front of the Luxembourg Gardens with staff providing good advice on nearby restaurants. On this note, it is worthwhile mentioning that hotel staff were fantastic - perhaps the best we have ever had after years of world travelling, from the unbelievably welcoming reception we received and the attendant bar staff who made lovely, albeit quite expensive drinks (12 euros for a cocktail). The best room by far was the sitting room which has a working wood fireplace, a chessboard, library and dimmed lights. The experience for our children was also excellent and we would highly rate this hotel for families based on our experiences. My parents, both 70 and quite discerning, were also very impressed with all aspects of the bar and front desk service.Our overall feeling of this hotel was that it was absolutely first rate, with one exception - the breakfast, which was included in the price of the stay.The breakfast was very skimpy by European standards and the poor server was run off her feet, operating alone and not afraid to tell anyone who asked! Bacon was advertised but not offered as they ran out and they actually also ran out of eggs on one of our mornings. This made an almost perfect stay slightly less than perfect. If you are looking for a beautiful four star boutique hotel with above average service, and wish to negotiate a reduced rate to get breakfast on Blvd St. Germain, then this is the hotel for you. 4 1/2 stars, with only the breakfast taking away the 1/2 star.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>TrixieG
<Content>Charming Stay at Hotel Luxembourg Parc My teenage daughter and I stayed here for four nights mid- October and were delighted with our choice to stay here (based on tripadvisor reviews). We were warmly welcomed by Zina who continued to be a great help on a number of occasions. She, as well as other staff members, were more than happy to assist with travel plans, reservations and directions during our stay. They would cheerfully greet us coming and going and were genuinely interested in our excurssions. Also, the cleaning staff were most pleasant and made the effort to converse. The hotel is meticulously clean and tastefully decorated with warmth and comfort. We had a corner room and it was very light and charming. The marble bathroom was large and bright with lovely products. My daughter and I had hot chocolate one night in the library and it was very cosy. In the breakfast room, I appreciated the availability of lattes, fresh orange juice etc with our breakfast. We particularly enjoyed the pain au chocolats , fresh buns and croissants and cheeses - the fruit salad was also very fresh and tasty. The location is indeed stellar and extremely conducive for those of us who prefer to explore on foot. You will discover the Sorbonne, the Pantheon, Notre Dame and St. Sulpice practically on your doorstep. However the Metro and RER were also close by allowing quick access to the Eiffel Tower and further afield. (A note of warning, deciding to get to Versaille ourselves, we were informed by the ticket seller only after we purchased RER train tickets from her for Versaille that the train line was out of service that day. Thus began a 2 hour confusing trek to get there with the Metro and other trains. This is not uncommon for train lines to be out of service so make sure before purchasing at the station or splurge for the hotel's package). There were many choices of restaurants nearby. Intimate Boutique shopping is close in St. Germain as are the more 'common' stores along St. Michel Blvd. We had a lovely stay and would highly recommend staying here.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TChase
<Content>Our honeymoon stay My husband and I just spent 4 wonderful honeymoon nights in Paris at this lovely hotel. The employees at the front desk were very nice and super helpful with all of our needs. Our room was small but very clean, and this hotel is in a great location. Grab a coffee and take a walk through the park across the street. PLEASE visit Laurent, he tends bar and is only more than happy to suggest a great cafe, restaurant or jazz club. He was such a great man to talk to. We thoroughly enjoyed his company over a glass of wine each evening and I hope you will too! The breakfast was included in our rate but if we had been paying for it, I would have opted to go elsewhere. It's fine, just very simple for the money.Side note: We were offered help in securing a private car and tour to Versailles at 85 euros per person for 4 hours....Do yourself a favor, take the train (it's really easy and costs about $6), takes about 50 minutes to get there, then is a 5 minute walk from the station to Versailles. Spend the day, walk through the museum, and enjoy the grounds, they are spectacular. Wear comfortable shoes, there is a lot of walking and a lot of great photo opportunities...you can even have lunch and a bottle of wine on the premises. Enjoy!!  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MaryPasadena
<Content>Hotel Luxembourg Parc--not quite what expected I booked this hotel after much research and Trip Advisor recommendations. I had every intention of loving this hotel and was surprised when I didn't. However, would I go there again--yes.Positive:1. Location, location, location.2. The actual building is charming--all of the prior reviews are accurate to my way of thinking.3. The staff is helpful.4. The hotel is well maintained.5. The breakfast is fine--especially if it is included in your room rate.Negative:There is only one--but it did influence the way I felt about the hotel from the first minute we walked in our room. I had corresponded at length with the hotel regarding different categories of rooms, their size, rate, etc. Based on this correspondence I picked the room type that I thought would work for us. Before we were taken to the room I confirmed with the front desk that the room was the category I had requested. The room was absolutely NOT what we had requested. The suitcases had been brought to our room and the desk clerk was no longer available for the night. The next morning I did check with a different person at the front desk about this room and she confirmed what the night clerk had said. I didn't want to make a deal out of it and be the ugly American so I didn't mention it again. On check-out we were asked to write a review for TA and that is why this is being written. My own experience may seem petty to others but it wasn't to me. My investment in a vacation--of both time and money--is valuable to me. In this economy I don't feel that any establishment can afford to disregard reasonable requests by any guest--especially those who have expressed an interest in returning.If there is a next time I will do more to guarantee that there will not be the same mix-up. No trip is perfect and I didn't expect this to be. I just did expect to get what I thought I had purchased.This said--I WOULD return to this hotel for all the positive reasons stated.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	3	3	4	

<Author>Travel_Snob78
<Content>Fabulous Boutique Hotel Our stay at the Hotel Luxembourg Parc could not have been better. The hotel is situated in the 6th arrondisement, right across from the Luxembourg Gardens, where the streets are quiet, clean, and lined with shops. The hotel staff went out of their way to accommodate us, including: finding us an unoccupied room so we could check in prior to the 3:00pm check-in time; calling restaurants to make us reservations; giving us directions to local attractions. Our room was small (typical for Paris) but well-appointed and lovely. The bathroom shower was small but elegant and the shower had great water pressure. I forgot to pack my toothbrush and was elated to see that one was provided in the room. We would definitely stay here again. This hotel is great for younger to mid-aged couples who are looking for a classy hotel with charm and friendly hoteliers. If you are looking for a large, bustling Leading Hotels of the World-type of hotel with valet service and a snooty lobby scene, however, this may not be the hotel for you. One last note: Be sure to have an after-dinner drink in the library, which is wood-panneled and has a beautiful fireplace.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ket6969
<Content>Absolutely charming hotel I arranged this trip to Paris as a suprise for my partners 50th birthday. Because of the occasion I wanted this stay to be really special and thanks to the feedback from previous guests I selected this charming hotel and was not let down. The location is perfect as it is quiet but walking distance to many of the top attractions Paris as to offer. From the moment we checked in we knew this was going to be a trip to remember, we sat at the bar and sipped on perfectly chilled champagne whilst the hotel offered unbiased advice on nearby restaurants, bars etc. The actual hotel is fantastic, rooms our a good size for Paris, well designed, fabulous decorations and well maintained. In addition the housekeeping was excellent. Unfortunately due to unforseen circumstances we had to cut short our trip at short notice, well after the room had been serviced that day. The hotel were fantastic and helpful and waived there normal 48 hours notice cancellaton fee for our last night, thankyou. We will definately return.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tip2p
<Content>A Gem of a hotel Situated in a fantastic area for shopping (clothes galore) this hotel is small but perfectly formed. Yes the rooms are small - but this is Paris and our room was stunning, immaculately clean and tastefully decorated. The reception staff were polite, welcoming and accommodating. Lounge/ bar area is small but intimate and tis extends into the library area where we had a night cap after our night out. Our room overlooked the side road and was quite. My husband had rung ahead and as a surprise had arranged with the hotel a car from the station, a bottle of champagne and the largest bunch of roses I have ever seen. The hotel had recommended and booked a restaurant for us and were on had to make suggestions of an itinerary for our short stay.We stayed for two nights over a weekend in the middle of October and were fortunate enough to have glorious weather.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ToonTowner
<Content>Hotel Luxembourg Parc - tops for the Paris experience       Hotel Luxembourg Parc - room 117 bathroom  
<Date>Oct 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>wonderlust26
<Content>Just what you would want in Paris Well Trip Advisor, you were right again. After many stays at the Duc du Saint Simon, being shuffled from room to room and finding them in need of renovation, we were delighted to discover all that we'd been missing. This is a real gem of a place. The staff is delightful, the linens are crisp, the bar is cozy and well stocked, the furnishings elegant, and it's quiet. I only regret we were unable to stay longer, but they were fully booked. I would give them more stars if I could.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TheQueenslander
<Content>Not absolutely perfect       Our standard room  
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	3	2	

<Author>Sasdax
<Content>A delightful small Hotel We stayed at the HLP for 3 nights for our Honeymoon choosing this Hotel because of the location and reviews from previous guests.We were not disappointed, after a short walk from the Metro we were greeted by the friendly receptionist who after check in took our case to the room. The room was large and beautifully furnished with a marble bathroom, a nice touch was the complimentary gift of an ornamental French Bulldog and on the 2nd night there was another gift of a perfume room spray which is exclusive to the Hotel. The toiletries were very nice but maybe a little to masculine for some, but I personally liked the fragrance.The room had double aspect windows, one overlooking a limited view of the gardens and one onto the side street. We slept with the windows open and there was hardly any noise until around 6am but that was still acceptable. We booked the extras of a bottle of Champagne and flowers for our arrival and although not in the room for check in were delivered within 30 minutes.We made use of the welcoming, cosy bar area which was tended by a charming gentleman. Breakfast was better than we had anticipated with plenty of choice of pastries, ham, cheese, fruit, yogurts etc. Tea/coffee was served at the table along with a large glass of fruit juice. There was also the choice of bacon and eggs cooked to your requirements at a very reasonable supplement on 2.50 Euros.Most of the time we spoke in phrase book French with the staff repying in excellent English, which was nice, we did feel that our attempts to speak French was well received.The location of the Hotel was good being just a walk away from some of the major attractions, cafe's and restaurants. The are 2 metro's within 5-10 mins walk but we found that the RER line slightly closer walking through the gardens.All in all, we would highly recommend this Hotel and hope to return one day soon.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Capetian
<Content>Cosy, Lovely, Efficient The is not an all dancing, all singing, baton wielding hotel. It is small, comfortable, efficient, and possesses extremely pleasant and helpful staff. The rooms are a good size, for Paris, well and appropriately furnished. The common areas are small, but extremely comfortable and useable. There is little in the way of view from any window, but that little view is pleasant. The hotel is out of the way enough to be quiet, yet within walking distance of the river. We walked happily to the Bastile and the Musee D'Orsay. The park opposite should not be missed. We took two rooms lately, and have stayed in three of their rooms over the past year, all were delightful, although one of the bathrooms could do with some additional maintainance. Breakfast is basic, but good, with the best orange juice. This hotel is unlikely to appeal to those who like Hiltons, room service (which they do not do) or uniformity. I'll be back.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>SoftwareTraveler
<Content>Perfect My wife and I stayed at the Hotel Lumembourg Parc from August 4th through the 9th. I chose the hotel due to the extremely high ratings on Tripadvisor. The hotel definitely lived up to it's number one rating. This was our second trip to Paris and third trip to France.We arrived in the morning after our overnight flight. The staff was extremely friendly and quickly checked us in. Overall the building was very nice. This is a small but very elegant hotel with traditional decor. The lobby has a well stocked bar with a Espresso machine. The elevator is a glass enclosed lift that overlooks a small welcoming courtyard with a small fountain.We booked a standard room. Typically we book superior or deluxe rooms, but we figured most of our time would be outdoors. I believe the Hotel Luxembourg Parc does have larger rooms available compared to what we chose. The standard room is an expectedly small Parisian room, but very well furnished and comfortable room. The bathroom was well appointed with marble and modern fixtures. This particular room had two twin beds together side by side. They were a bit firm for our taste, but still comfortable. There were plenty of pillows, room to stow luggage, and even a small welcome gift. The hotel is amazingly clean.The hotel staff gets an A+ in this review. All of the staff made our stay very enjoyable. We were assisted with restaurant recommendations and reservations, directions to various destinations, and transportation information.Breakfast was available each morning in the hotel dining room. A selection of croissants, breads, yogerts, cheese, and cereals were available. Staff provided coffee, espresso, juice, and other beverages each morning.In terms of getting around Paris, the nearest metro stop is St. Sulpice, which is a short five minute walk away. The RER B Luxembourg stop is nearby as well as a number of other Metro stops. All of St. Germain and the Latin Quarter is within walking distance. We recommend obtaining a street map and locate the various metro and RER stops in advance.Thanks to everyone at the Hotel Luxembourg Parc. We will certainly stay with you again next time we are in Paris.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>siswickc
<Content>Perfect After weeks of trawling online looking for the perfect place to stay in Paris, I came across the reviews for this hotel on this site. I wasn't totally sold and it seemed a little pricey, but in Paris what isn't !!! As our visit was for our tenth wedding anniversary, I decided to push the boat out and booked it. So glad I did !Fantastic location, within easy reach of the Louvre and Notre Dam which were both breathtaking. Great restaurants close by alongside the usual cafes, bars and shops. As others have noted, the park across the road is lovely. They had a photograpy exhibition on whilst we were there which was engrossing.We caught the MET from Charles de Gaul to the station which is literally a five minute walk away from the Hotel. If your prepared to do a little homework, Paris is very easy to get around. The staff are very friendly and extremely helpful. The room we stayed in was ideal, very Parisian and extremely comfortable.We crammed so much into the two days we were in Paris. We took in the Eiffel Tower dinner, river cruise and Moulin Rouge show on our first night. It's a little overpriced. The meal was actually not that bad if a little basic. The cruise is lovely. The Moulin Rouge.......hectic....your packed in and you have get no special teeatment even if booked as part of a deal. You queue outside for a good few minutes, then your herded in and packed 8 to a table. One cheap bottle of champers and then the show starts which is qyuite long, were saw the later show. I've seen better, seen worse...its ok ! But while in Paris it's one of those things you just have to do, and we are glad we did it.Paris is fantastic.......very expensive but worth every penny ! The hotel is one of the best i've stayed in and I've stayed in quite a few all over the world !! If you can try and speak a little French, it makes a huge difference in the way your treated, even if you try badly like we did. Without a doubt, If you get the chance.....stay here !!!!!! You really won't be dissapointed. Defintately one of life's enduring memories.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SwodRam
<Content>Spot on A 3 night stay at the HLP was just as expected - great A bit of a concern choosing the right hotel for parents celebrating their 40th wedding anniversary along with nephews  nieces but overall turned out to be spot on.Not cheap, especially given current Euro/Sterling exchange rate but not overpriced either.The executive rooms we received were all to a high standard and very comfortable. The only downside was a third bed did cramp one of the rooms a little. One of the rooms booked had a superb balcony - perfect for a gathering before  after an evening in Paris. Considering prices in the bar for a beer are over 6 euro's (average for Paris) - why not nip 2 minutes down the road to the shop  get a few of the same in for at just over 1 euro each.Reception staff were extremely pleasant and fortunately for a non french speaker conversed in the English language your average bloke from Nottingham would never be able to grasp. Not a wide choice of breakfast items but those on offer where of a high quality and adequately kicked the day off.Spot on location - most attractions by foot - direct RER from CDG airport to Luxembourg station only 5 to 10 mins walk. The park opposite the hotel is very attractive for a relaxing morning stroll.As for the hotel library as in some previous reviews - who spends time in a library when in Paris? Will be returning to the HLP on my next visit to Paris.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	-1	5	-1	-1	

<Author>NYCityRes
<Content>Wonderful FInd We stayed at the Hotel Luxembourg Parc for a family reunion in early July. I was impressed by how well the hotel worked for all of us, from my 7 yr old nephew to my 70+ yr old parents. Part of the credit goes to the staff who were gracious, friendly and wonderful with the variety of requests we asked of them. The rooms were lovely (well decorated with nice details and for a European hotel room - spacious ). I found the rooms to be very quiet. The library downstairs was inviting. Numerous guests (including ourselves) used the library to gather at the beginning or end of the day. As many have commented, the location is top notch - right across from the Luxembourg Gardens and within walking distance of many of the top attractions of Paris. We will definitely stay here during future trips to Paris!  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>callamatisse
<Content>Charming with a great location We stayed from 20 to 24 June in room 36 facing the park. I'll start out with the negatives because there were only a few main ones: the elevator was broken and there really isn't a view of the park. The elevator broke after our first night, so we would come home from a day sweltering in Paris to another few flights of stairs we had to climb. That sucked, but I understand that it was just bad luck. We left before it was fixed.When I booked the room, I expected to have a view over the park. I probably should have researched more, because you get a view of the government building across the street, huge trees and part of a clay tennis court. No big deal, but just adjust your expectations accordingly. You will not be overlooking magnificent gardens. The hotel is narrow, so I can't imagine the view is any different from any other room streetside.The shower was nice, with both a handheld and a rainshower head. I noticed that for some reason the water was a lot hotter in the handheld, so I didn't use it, but I'm a wuss about hot water, so most people would be fine. The toiletries were scented with a fairly masculine scent: Chrome by Azzaro.My husband didn't like the breakfast, but it was about the same as most European breakfasts. If you like yogurt or cereal you'll be fine. I was happy with it. Usually three or four different croissants and rolls, two different loaves of bread for cutting your toast (please use the napkin provided to hold the loaf so your icky fingers don't get all over it! I saw a typical ugly American couple holding the bread with their bare hands and I was very grateful I'd already cut my slice off). They have fresh fruit and a variety of teas plus coffee. You can order American breakfast food a la carte, for an additional fee.The pillows kinda sucked and it took us a couple nights to get them just right, but they are your standard down pillows, just not as stuffed as others we've encountered. The bed was your typical European firm bed. Adequate.The room had a nice closet with some shelving, and plenty of drawer space. A desk for writing too. The room was a small but well planned space.We liked this hotel and would stay there again. The staff was very nice and accommodating, and they have a killer gym for a hotel of this size (though I'll admit I was too tired from walking all day to use it, they had one of those cool Power Plates.) The decor is charming and makes you feel very much like you're in an old, elegant home in Paris. You have to walk a little to get to the metro (we used St Sulpice most of the time) but it's not bad at all and there are plenty of restaurants within walking distance. Check out Aux 2 Olivers: the best meal in two weeks of traveling Europe. The proximity to the Luxembourg Gardens was a big plus for me. They close fairly early in the evening, so be mindful of the time. We were very grateful for the quiet location when we discovered they were having a city-wide music festival on the 21st. We went out walking into crowds of people near the Pantheon where bands were set up in the street blasting all kinds of music. Very fun! But when you're tired and want to go to bed, you wouldn't want your hotel above that, so we were happy that ours was in a quiet location. A couple we met on a Segway tour (go! it's totally fun!) had their hotel right above one of the bands set up and they didn't stop playing until 5 am!There is no room service, but they have some arrangement for take out from what I can tell. There is no iron in the room, but when we asked to have a couple of shirts ironed, they did it for free and with a fairly good turn around time, so that was nice.If we want to stay near the Latin Quarter again, we'll pick this hotel for sure.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Tim04
<Content>Really nice hotel in a great location We stayed in the Junior Suite at this hotel, as a birthday treat for my wife. We had considered one of the big posh places, but chose the Luxembourg Parc for its apparent charm and location.It lived up to our hopes in every way! The location is ideal; feels a bit like Chelsea in London.Our room was also very nice, with a great bathroom and comfortable sitting area. The hotel booked us a table at the nearby Petit Cour, which is a lovely, romantic place where you can sit outside and eat great food and wine. I recommend that you ask for a booking as it gets very busy.The staff are very friendly and helpful - pretty much a perfect place to stay for a cosy weekend in this great city.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LuvYourHat
<Content>Wonderful Stay! We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights when en route to the UK . The hotel is lovely  in a great location for visiting some of the key sites e.g. Latin Quarter, Notre Dame, Catacombs, Le Louvre.Our flight landed at 6.30am long haul from Australia. We were at the hotel for 8.30am  were aware of the 2pm check in time. However, the staff were wonderful  ensured a room was ready for us by 10am with no extra charge so after a walk  coffee, we were able to relax in the very comfortable room.Considering the busy location, the hotel was very quiet  allowed us to unwind after busy days site seeing. All the staff were very helpful giving directions to tourist venues, booking taxis  allowing us to stay there on check out day until 5pm using their facilities even though we had checked out of our room in the morning. They looked after all our bags to enable us to continue our siteseeing as our flight was not due out until 8.30pm.The rooms were very comfortable  very clean.If we return to Paris we will definately stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>locorocoworld
<Content>Beautiful boutique hotel in a lovey area of Paris       Executive room  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>pinup72
<Content>Charming Paris Hotel This was our first trip to Paris and I wanted to stay in an old world paris hotel with tons of charm! Well after reading all the reviews from trip advisor I booked this hotel and I fell in love it!HLP was wonderful from the minute we checked in. The lady at the front desk was so gracious and even carried our luggage up to our rooms. We had a standard room overlooking the gardens.It was very beautiful and it had 3 windows with two facing the gardens and one facing the courtyard. What I loved was in the evening when we would retire to our room we would crack our window to the courtyard and you could hear the fountain trickling and you could smell the fire from the fireplace in the library. Very relaxing!The staff was super friendly and helpful . I loved the library and the atmosphere and the way the hotel would smell when you would come back from a long day of sightseeing. They had this amazing candle and fragrance in the lobby when you would walk in. I bought a candle and every time my husband and I light it ,it reminds us of Paris! After visiting Paris we realized we were in the best location you could be in, in the City. HLP is within walking distance from so many great local things as well as the Louvre, Notre Dame etc. You are also near a great bus stop that takes you directly to the other great attractions!We will be staying here again and we have already recommended this hotel to friends that are going in November!!  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>doughertypks
<Content>Wonderful Experience All of the prior reviews (except one), are spot on. The hotel is simply wonderful, with a friendly staff, large comfortable rooms, and a perfect locationI just want to offer a different perspective on the only bad review listed here. The reviewer complains about the noise from the street level, from room 16. We stayed in the adjacent room, room 17, completely overlooking the Rue de Vaugirard.First, the Rude de Vaugirard, is not a major street. It is a side street. It has two lanes of traffic, and is VERY light at night. It is not a major street whatsoever.And the noise is minimal! We slept fine every single night (well, one night the A/C broke and it got crazy hot, but they did reduce our room rate for that inconvenience). The noise is not loud at all. Do not let the Rue de Vaugirard prevent you from booking here. It's a wonderful hotel.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Adshooter
<Content>20th anniversary We recently spent 4 wonderful nights in Paris for our 20th anniversary. We couldn't ask for more in a hotel. The location was superb as we were able to walk to most of the attractions, there was lots of shopping, restaurants, cafes and patisseries in the neighbourhood as well. The Hotel has very beautiful rooms with marble baths and they are very very clean at all times. We also enjoyed the library and lobby area. The best part about the hotel though is the staff. They are very freindly and helpful and all of their recommendations were excellent. We have already reccommended this hotel to several friends who are heading over to Paris in the next couple of months.  
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JMB
<Content>Fabulous hotel My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Luxembourg Parc for 6 nights in May 2008. We had excellent service from the front desk and found the hotel staff in general to be very friendly and helpful. The rooms were of ample size, very clean and we were very comfortable in a double superior room. The bathroom was very nice with a stand-up shower with good water pressure. There is a relaxing lounge on the main floor and an courtyard lounge with fountain. Every afternoon we took advantage of being able to sit in the lounge with a drink and listen to cool Frnch jazz. There is also a library with internet on the main floor.In addition to how great this hotel is, it has a fantastic location. It took us about 15 minutes to walk to the Louvre, and within a 5 minute walk there are numerous restaurants and bistros to chose from.We would definitely stay here again, the next time we are in Paris.  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>little-lily
<Content>A Real Gem My husband and I enjoyed a 4 night stay here in early April for our wedding Anniversary. The Hotel is in a lovely spot in the fantastic St-Germain-des-Pres area, really convenient to walking to many major attractions like the Louvre and Notre Dame. Although it is opposite the Jardin du Luxembourg the Hotel does not really have a view of it. Having said this, the hotel is beautiful and we were lucky enough to have room overlooking rue Servandoni which is a quiet side street. Our room was beautiful with Louis XV furnishings and a large king bed which was very comfortable. The bathroom was also a good size, marble throughout with a bath and shower over which was very good. The housekeeping was excellent, everything was very clean and the rooms were cleaned and replenished twice a day with fresh towels and facecloths. No tea and coffee making facilities, but the bar downstairs served good coffee, and you do get a mini bar. The reception area, bar and lounge were similarly beautiful, although not large areas they were very up market with beautiful furnishings and very peaceful. The reception staff were helpful, efficient, friendly and most of them spoke great English. They arranged our trip to the Moulin Rouge (highly recommended 鈥?fantastic experience) for us. I had also sent several e-mails to them prior to arrival and they were very helpful and replied promptly each time.Breakfast was wonderful. Fresh fruit, cereals, juices, bread, ham, cheese, croissants, butter, jam, pastries and lots of wonderful coffee or tea. The croissants were fantastic and came from the wonderful patisserie Gerard Mulot just round the corner. All set in a lovely breakfast room and very friendly breakfast team. For a treat visit Gerard Mulot patisserie and try one (or more!) of their wonderful cakes, you won鈥檛 be disappointed - they are a work of art.If you leave the Hotel on rue de Vaugirard and turn left you will walk past a lovely French restaurant called Aux 2 Oliviers, which we highly recommend for a wonderful meal (not too pricey) and within short (2 min) stroll from the hotel. There are lots of great places to eat in the area but reservations are probably wise if you really want to go to a particular place.We found some lovely little bistro鈥檚 in the evenings (some of them open before 7pm), where we could curl up in the corner with a bottle of red wine and talk the night away, just like the Parisians.The St Sulpice metro is right by the hotel (at the end of rue Servandoni). The trains are quick and efficient and recommended, especially the metro. You can whiz around the city in no time. We flew in from Southampton airport to CDG and took the RER to Luxembourg Parc. We were fine as only had hand luggage, but it would be a trek if you had many cases. It鈥檚 a long way down to the RER station at the airport, trains can be crowded and it鈥檚 a short walk across the park to the hotel. Lovely in the sun, we enjoyed it!I don鈥檛 think we could have asked for more. It is the perfect place to enjoy Paris from, with good size rooms, comfortable, elegant and good value for money. If you plan well ahead you can get a good deal by booking with the hotel in advance on their 鈥楨arlybird鈥?rates. We paid 鈧?30 per night for our Superior room in April, but could have got it cheaper if we鈥檇 booked even further ahead. If quality accommodation is important to you but you don鈥檛 want to pay George V prices then this is the hotel for you.  
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Totham
<Content>Very helpful front desk This is good hotel in a quite and convenient spot near to many of the main sights and metro also nearby. The staff speak English and are most helpful booking restaurants etc. Its pricey ,we had deluxe rooms but worth it, would not hesitate to go there again  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Princenaz1
<Content>Lovely Hotel We booked this hotel from the reviews off Tripadviser, it didn't disappoint. Its located a short walk from the Luxembourg station which we caught the train to straight from CDG and back from for a cool 20 euros return for 2.Its position in a perfect location for walking to all the sites and has everything you could need.In short, lovely place, great position, good price.  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>toolworker
<Content>Came for the (nonexistent) view, loved everything else We really enjoyed our stay here, although not for the reasons I expected.Lured by the prospect of a view of Luxembourg Garden, I booked a standard room (all with views overlooking the gardens, according to their web site). Once there, I saw that the view consists of the back of the Senate building and some very tall trees. Possibly the rooms on the top floors might see something of more interest, but the only standard room then available, on the first floor above ground level, offered not much besides traffic noise, from two directions. Just as well, then, that the hotel had upgraded us to a superior room, on the same level but facing the picturesque side street, with minor traffic noise that was tolerable except for the morning trash collection.But never mind all that. Our stay was pleasant from start to finish, beginning with the staff's cordiality during the discussion and inspection of room alternatives.(Recommendation: Ask for a high floor room when you make your reservation.)Our superior room was large for Paris, and beautifully traditionally furnished. The bathroom had classic marble styling but a modern tub/shower with a constant temperature control that really worked, and separate faucets for the rainforest shower and the telephone showerhead.We were quite happy with the selection of delicious fresh French breads and rolls, one of the delights of morning in Paris, so we never tried to order an egg dish for an extra couple of euro. Others have noted that the selection doesn't compare to an international hotel buffet, but it was fine for us. The weekend server provided French cafe au lait, but the weekday lady, who spoke little English, brought us weaker American style coffee even when asked for cafe au lait.The location, across from the gardens and near many restaurants, was fine for dining, great for strolling in the gardens, and a pleasant five minutes walk to the student quarter and fifteen to the touristy area near the Seine. So we got to enjoy restaurants frequented by locals, in a very nice neighborhood, with no t-shirt shops or tourist trap restaurants (but an easy walk to them if desired). I am convinced that almost every hotel in Paris is three or four blocks from a Metro station, not closer, and this one was no exception.For a pleasant, comfortable visit to Paris, this hotel is ideal.  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>andrewjm
<Content>Perfect in Every Respect When I first saw all of the overwhelmingly positive reviews I almost suspected some sort of scam. But after having just returned from a seven night stay let me add my voice to the chorus of praises for this gem of a hotel. First of all, the location is perfect. Across from Luxembourg Gardens, a stone's throw from 4 metro stops that let you access the city with ease, and just a few quiet cobblestoned blocks away from restaurants, bars, cafes, upscale shops, jazz clubs, and whatever. Our room on the 5th floor was perfectly sized with a large, ultra-modern bathroom. We had one window overlooking the quiet courtyard and another overlooking the supposedly noisy Rue de Vaugirard which turned out to be a pussycat on the scale of noisy urban streets-- Paris is, after all, a city. The English-Speaking staff was helpful when we needed them to be, with restaurant recommendations and reservations and such, and maintained a dignified reserve when we just wanted to be by ourselves. The small bar and library was the perfect place for a drink before going out for the evening or a refresher after returning from a long day. The hotel breakfast, while simple, was more than adequate and provided an opportunity for us to plan each day's activities. I would not recommend this hotel as a place to stay with children, as it is intimately sized, without its own restaurant, and probably offers little opportunity for kids to meet other kids. But for the adult couple looking for the perfect Paris experience I couldn't possibly think of a better place.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Pipster37
<Content>Excellent! My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Luxembourg Parc April 9-15. It was wonderful. We got there very early 10:00 am and I was very sick from the plane. They offered me something to drink and made us comfortable in their library room. Our room was ready in 10 mins. We really appreciated it. Some nights when we came in from the cold they offered to light a fire. They were excellent with directions and making reservations. Very attentive staff. Can not beat the area, close to everything. We stayed at their other hotel. Hotel La Perle two years ago and that was fine also. We were there for our anniversary and everyone made us feel special. Would highly suggest it.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Alexandria Traveler
<Content>Perfect Boutique Hotel in a Great Location       Hotel exterior  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>moricco
<Content>Check in early !!! As we decided with my wife, just a few days before coming over to Paris, to spend 1 night in this hotel, I directly called them to book a room. I was also looking at the hotel's website while speaking on the phone with a member of staff.Unfortunately (and as expected), there was only one double bedroom left (the cheapest one). Although it looked very nice on the website, the room was apparently facing the Luxembourg Park, and as a consequence the main street (rue de Vaugirard). Feeling that I was slightly hesitant on the phone, the attendant kindly assured me that this last room was on the 4th floor, thus it was not noisy. I then decided to go for it.On D-day (a Saturday), we arrived with my wife around 5.30pm at the hotel. But...big surprise: the room we were offered was on the first floor, and this was apparently the only one left! The room (FYI number 16) was quite tiny, VERY noisy (due to the rather heavy traffic on the main street), and we could feel that people walking on the sidewalks could see everything in the room, as it was on the 1st floor with 'low' windows. The condition of the room was mainly 'kind-of ok', but when looking closely at the furniture, small details were showing that all of it was a bit worn out. Overall, this was far from reflecting the price I was being asked for, and above all this was not the room I had initially booked!I told the attendant (who was not the same one I spoke with on the phone a few days before) that I had specifically booked by phone a bedroom on the 4th floor. The attendant did not see any notes of this requirement on his booking schedule (!?), and admitted that the same room on the 4th floor had been taken by other people who had arrived earlier than us on the same day!!! Very surprising room management from a 4-star hotel, don't you think?Seeing that we were rather disappointed by what we ended up with, the understanding attendant decided as a gesture to reduce the rate by 20%. However, with my wife we refused this offer, as we thought that even a cheaper rate will not help us forget a sleepless night in a noisy room (we speak from experience).Hence about 10mn after checking in, we left the room and told the attendant that finally we did not want to stay. We explained that there was clearly a mistake made on their side: the staff should not have given our room to somebody else, only because these people arrived first. He reluctantly agreed not to charge me for the night as I obviously had given my credit card by phone.We finally went to another hotel where we stayed in before (Mercure, Accor group). For exactly the same price, we had an Executive Room (very quiet, twice the size of the room at the Luxembourg Parc) with a fantastic breakfast included.Anyway, as a recap:- Make sure (if you can afford it) to book a room NOT facing the street,- If you have specific requirements while booking, make sure that the staff take them into account,- Just in case, don't check in too late in the afternoon...  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	3	3	-1	3	

<Author>Coolmark
<Content>Nice hotel, we recommend you at all Hello! we went to Luxembourg Parc hotel last week and, as usually we travel we like to share our good and bad experiences in the hotels we are, we want to make a good review of this hotel.Our review of this hotel is good, staff is very helpful. Firstly, we did the reservation through ww.gumtrip.com and we had a problem, then we had to modify and between the hotel helpfullly staff and gumtrip.com helpfully staff as well, they modified my reservation without problem.The rooms are comfortable as well. We were in a double one and it was spacious.The food on the restaurant is high quality and the staff working in there is very professional as well.In general I can recommend this place because is a good hotel to acommodate when you go to Paris.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mattmc1976
<Content>No Wonder it's # 1 As the title states, Hotel Luxembourg Parc rates #1 on tripadvisor and after visiting the property it is no suprise! After a whirlwind business trip to London and Paris inspecting nearly 25 hotels, Luxembourg Parc was the last on the trip. As my coworkers and I all agreed, the best was saved for last!Where to start...location, location, location! Located in the Latin Quarter/St Germain des Pres area on the left bank - in my opinion, where one can truly EXPERIENCE Paris. This is where one finds the local Parisian markets, traditional Parisian boulangeries (bakeries) and numerous brasseries (a casual cafe also operating as a restaurant serving single dishes and other meals.) In addition to experiencing the real Paris, all the attractions of Central Paris including the Louvre, Notre Dame, Musee d Orsay, St Sulpice etc are within a casual stroll or short ride via the metro. There are 4 metro stations in the area so sightseeing opportunities are endless!Once you enter the reception area of the hotel you will begin to realize the impeccable service offered. The hotel is very traditional and Parisian in decor - classical and elegant. Dark wood tones and classical works of art enhance the romance one thinks of when they think of Paris. Its 23 Rooms are traditional yet elegant decorated in 3 themes - Louis XV, Louis XVI and Napoleon III. Rooms feature antique furnishings and pieces of classical art, marble bathrooms, Scandinavian goose down bedding, sattelite television and free wireless internet. Breakfast at the hotel includes a variety of pastries, meats, cheeses, fruits, yogurts etc.The Hotel Luxembourg Parc is best described as a retreat rather than a hotel. I would definately recommend this hotel to discerning clients as well as couples celebrating their honeymoon or anniversary.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>2FlyingYorkies
<Content>Great Location for Touring       The Bathroom, Room 11  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Pressure_Drop
<Content>Nearly superb, 2 minor gripes Luxembourg Parc is well worthy of it's no. 1 rating on tripadvisor, the hotel is a beautiful, friendly, intimate gem in a superb location with shops, bars, restaurants and the fantastic Paris metro all within walking distance. The rooms are brilliant, tastefully decorated with a bright, clean bathrooms - only minor gripes and certainly this is something the hotel can't help, is that our room was on the narrow cobbled street down the side of the hotel, directly opposite a small Kiwi restaurant, no trouble with the restaurant itself, it's just that with the new smoking ban which seems to be sweeping across Europe, people now congregate outside of bars, hotels, restaurants etc to have a sly fag - and of course have a chat whilst having a few puffs. Perhaps because the street itself was so narrow and quiet the chat and laughter tended to echo and kept us awake for a couple of the nights until gone one in the morning - like I said, not a fault of the hotel but an unforeseen side effect of the smoke ban I guess.The only other gripe, and again, not serious, as to be honest didn't expect much more from a European hotel, is the average breakfast - it's not cheap so would expect a bit more than the bog standard euro breakfast of rolls, pastries, cold meats and cheese - ok there was fruit salad and yogurts but that's about it, you have to pay extra again for eggs of any sort - and to be honest the service wasn't brilliant as one morning there was no meats and cheese left which was no big deal as I didn't want any, but on the second day I had to ask for fruit salad as that wasn't available either - can't say the service was with a smile either - but then again it's Paris and if you don't get one or two Gallic shrugs and looks of disdain you're not experiencing the real Paris!What really ticks all the boxes though for this hotel has got to be the location, can't think of any where else in Paris which has so many great bars and restaurants on its doorstep - we travelled outside of the area for a couple of meals on the evenings (one to the Eiffel tower) and to be honest, wish we hadn't, as everything you could possibly want for a great night out is within walking distance - Latin Quarter, St Germain and Luxembourg Parc all mingle into one trendy area. It's also a doddle to get to the hotel from Charles de Gaulle airport - line B of the REF network takes about 45 minutes and deliveries you within a 10 minute walk of the hotel for just over 8 euros - and talk about regular, I think there were about 3 in a half hour period, and that was a Sunday - First Great Western (a poor excuse for a rail network in the UK) eat your heart out! Likewise there are 4 metro stations all within walking distance which will take you all over Paris for a fraction of the cost of City travel in the UK, again incredibly fast, safe and clean - makes the London underground look like it was built in the dark ages.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>largerthanlife-06
<Content>What warmth We were staying in Paris for four days, and I had been recommended this hotel by fried who stayed last year. We arrived in the hotel with a family of four. It is always difficult to ensure a nice welcome for children, ours are 3 and 1 years old, but the staff exceeded any expectations. We were so well looked after and my daughter wanted to stay in her home in Paris. The hotel is in arguably the best location in Paris, the decor is very nice in an understated way, but the best of all is the warmth and friendliness of the staff! On our next visit to Pars, our daughter will not stay anywhere else, and the rest of us agree!Bravo!  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lifeofriley
<Content>A Gem Just returned from our first time trip to Paris. Used Tripadvisor which time and time again has been a great resource. Lux Parc is a gem on the left bank. It is a small, well situated hotel directly across from the Luxembourg garden. A lovely hotel in a very lovely area. Walking distance to great cafes, bakeries (how happy was I to stumble onto Gerard Mulot patisserie just a few blocks away!) and boutiques. Friendly staff. Our room was clean, warm and cozy, the marble bathroom was beautiful. The bed was very comfortable. Our room was on Rue de Vaurigard, which is a fairly busy road, but did not hear road noise at all. A great stay, we will return someday!  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>perryb6
<Content>Loved it We had read all the great reviews and we were looking forward to our stay .We checked in late evening and were warmly greeted and shown to a choice of rooms .The room we chose turned out to be a little noisy as I am a very light sleeper .The following morning we were moved to a room looking over the courtyard .Much better ,the room was very nice and clean and quite .Loved the roof beams and comfy bed .We enjoyed the bar and had drinks there every night of our 4 night stay . My wife used the gym every day and liked it a lot .I liked the free Internet in my room .The whole Hotel is very clean and tidy and the staff very helpful .Could not have asked for more .We had breakfast every day at the Hotel .Yes it seems expensive at 15 euros but you get as much coffee as you want and the food is very fresh and tasty .You can have bacon and eggs for another 2.50 Euros .The lady who serves Breakfast does not speak English and can appear to be grumpy but she gets the job done .There are a lot of great restaurants in walking distance .Wonderful food and wine at dinner for about $75 for 2 .About the same as the States .The gardens are opposite the hotel and are very nice .We had a wonderful time in Paris and would stay here again with out doubt .  
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>michelle_weissbart
<Content>Fantastique What a lovely boutique hotel! The H么tel Luxembourg Parc is quiet, quaint, charming, and perfectly located (adjacent to the Luxembourg Gardens in the sixth). The rooms are fresh, attractive, and come equipped with modernized marble bathrooms. There鈥檚 no better way to end a day of roaming around Paris than with a nightcap in the glow of the library's fireplace. Also available is a lovely outdoor courtyard that I guess serves as an alternative to the library in the warmer months. At the heart of the H么tel Luxembourg Parc is its quality staff: Royce, Mia, and the gang are incredible and so resourceful. Truly, there鈥檚 no better place to stay in Paris. M. Weissbart, NYC.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DCMD
<Content>Great Small Hotel Fantastic experience for my first trip to Paris. I speak very little French and the staff was more then accomodating. The staff offered great suggestions and reservations for restaurants, made accomodations for taxis and always willing to go the extra mile with answering questions.The location is excellent for exploring the neighborhoods of the Left Bank. The Luxembourg Gardens is directly across the street and is a beautiful spot to relax on a nice day.I would highly recomend this hotel, believe all the positive reviews.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CRtor
<Content>Well situated, great staff Small rooms, tho tastefully appointed. Great library/lounge. Excellent staff - most helpful I can recall in Paris. Great neighborhood.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>bjorkebo73
<Content>Cosy hotel in a nice area Great hotel to stay in, cosy, good location, good staff knowledgeable in english. No faults. Cosy rooms, comfortable bed. Clean. Good choice in Paris. I would recommend this hotel to my friends.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Beysey
<Content>Great hotel, excellent service I booked the Hotel Luxembourg Parc for a trip to Paris to celebrate my partners birthday and also to propose. Before I arrived at the hotel I emailed ahead asking for restaurant recommendations etc and always received a friendly and extremely prompt response. On arriving at the hotel nothing was too much trouble and the staff were always extremely helpful, the rooms were also of a very good standard and very clean.The hotel is located in an excellent position in the Latin quarter and just by the Luxembourg Park, I would definitely recommend this hotel for a trip to Paris.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>RW2
<Content>Lovely hotel My wife and I stayed here for two nights after reading the tripadvisor reviews.I normally book direct with hotels but made the mistake of googling the hotel name and booking through what I thought was the hotel's own website but it was actually the website of HotelsParis. It was no problem but something to be aware of.The hotel is in a beautiful location and the reception staff are all first class and very helful. The night before flying home, I tried to use the communal computer to print out my boarding passes but it wasnt working so the good guy on reception offered to let me use the main reception computer without hesitation. Much appreciated and it would have been easy for him to say something like sorry, but you can try again later and these are the samll touches that help make a stay enjoyable and stress free.It was fairly expensive but everything is expensive in Paris and while there are cheaper hotels, you get what you pay for. The location is beautiful and just a short walk to my favourite areas of Paris- St Germain, Latin quarter and Notre Dame.We had the breakfast one morning at 15 euros each and on first glance it seems expensive but it's actually very good value when we had coffee, orange juice and 1 croissant each at a cafe along the the road, the bill came to 18 euros.All in all a very pleasant stay.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jon Potter
<Content>Charming, comfortable and friendly! A very enjoyable stay!       bedroom  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	3	4	4	3	2	

<Author>crownenvy90
<Content>Make sure you meet the weekend night reception guy We have stayed at many 5 star hotels all over Europe and have to say that the hotel itself is beautiful and wonderful but what really made this stay the best of our many years of traveling is the gentleman that works the front desk at night on weekends. He spoke perfect English and was not only extremely helpful but very kind to us as well when we came in exhausted from a day in the rain. And hes a great bartender too!He completely made us feel welcomed and we will always recommend this hotel based on this gentleman's truly *above and beyond* performances.I believe he works the weekends only as we didn't see him when we left on that following Wednesday morning.We are already planning our next trip and are looking forward to another visit with this *Wonderful Parisian Ambassador*.We are older and can pick and choose where we stay and with whom we speak and this guy is a gem.We'll definitely be back!  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>NjRuth
<Content>Perfect We went to Paris for a long weekend and know three words in Fr. . .all hotel staff were tri-lingual and were incredibly helpful, warm, fun. This is a classy, sm hotel, w easy access to the Seine, across the street from the Luxembourg Gardens and Museum, lots of great little restaurants nearby. II t was perfect in every way.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>maximilianIreland
<Content>Great Hotel! Stayed here for a few nights in Jan 2008. It's a lovely hotel in a very good location for cafes, restaurants and shopping. The area around is nice and quiet. Great location for touring the Latin Quarter. Staff are very friendly. We had a lovely room and there is a cosy room downstairs beside the bar. Could not find one fault with this hotel. Have stayed in other hotels in Paris before which were terrible. Will return to Luxembourg Parc again. Highly recommend it.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>worz
<Content>Lovely Hotel in an Excellent Location. We stayed here for 4 nights earlier this month in an executive room, No31, we got a nice deal with the hotels 4 for the price of 3 offer.Our room was very nice, quite large, beautifully decorated with two windows out onto the courtyard, we chose a room here as some people had mentioned noise from the road. We did experience a little noise from other rooms, with people moving things on wooden floors etc.There is a good sized bathroom incorporating a nice deep bath ideal for a soak after a long days walking. Shower was over the bath and nice and powerful, if a little low. I am about 6'2 and I would think anyone taller would bang there head on the shower head.The hotel was lovely, beautifully decorated with very helpful and always friendly staff. In an absolutely perfect location as far as we were concerned.We would return!  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>5	3	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>SpanishHistorian
<Content>A cosy and elegant home in Paris My wife and I stayed at the Hotel Luxembourg Parc (HTP) for four nights at the beginning of December 2007 -- it was absolutely lovely, cosy, and an incredible retreat from the city. Having stayed at other 4 and 5 star hotels in Madrid (the Ritz, for example) and Rome (an overpriced, horrible hotel) -- we definitely thought HTP provided a good value for a high quality accommodation. What is great about this hotel? The rooms are beautiful...absolutely beautiful, well-maintained, and offer lovely details. For example, our Executive Room (which is picture at their site, www.hotelluxparc.com ) still retained much of the original wood-beamed ceiling. It was astonishing to look at it looking up from the bed as the ancient timbers showed a distressed past (termite damage), but they were perfectly restored and integrated into modern, clean stucco ceiling. Simultaneously, you could appreciate the age and hand-crafted nature of building, as well as enjoy the modern conveniences of a perfectly functioning climate control and a clean marble bathroom. The bed's decorative duvet cover was clean and crisp -- and it was not a polyester cloth with a print, but actually a woven cover with embroidery. The walls were handsomely decorated with tasteful art work as if the room were inside a home that had slowly accumulated art treasures from travel. The parquet wood floors were well cared for and dust free.What could be improved? The morning breakfast buffet, as others have noted, was relatively spartan given the price 15 euros per person. But, it is ideal for two occasions. The first morning after your long flight over the Atlantic Ocean from the USA and the last morning before you depart. It provides a dependable, substantive meal in a quiet dining room. And the staff? Almost all of the desk staff are native British English speakers. They are very sweet and as attentive as you wish them to be. They never thrust themselves at you, but rather readily greet you with a Bonjour and quickly pickup on if you need something or simply provide you with a generous smile and send you on your way to enjoy the city. As the weather was a bit cold and rainy during our stay -- they also made sure to offer us the use of their hotel umbrellas. Also, when I originally planned our trip I had accidently booked the wrong dates. This was totally my fault, but after a quick email exchange with the staff before our arrival into Paris -- they efficiently made the booking changes and notified me via email. And, Sara, the front desk lady that assisted me with the booking change, knew who I was when we checked in the first day. I was both touched and pleased to know that she remembered. One more item, there was a mix-up on the mini-bar tab. We did not consume anything from the mini-bar, but the cleaning staff had noted we had drank two beverages. Again, Sara did not even hesitate and took us at our word and did not charge us for these beverages. Sara, and her colleagues, are the ideal hotel staff that all travelers hope for -- attentive, kind, trusting, and friendly. I promise you won't be disappointed.We couldn't speak more highly of the Hotel Luxembourg Parc. We cannot wait for an excuse to stay there again.Lastly, do know that the staff at Hotel Luxembourg Parc is very attentive to reviews at Tripadvisor. After checking out, we mentioned that we had located them through Tripadivsor and again, Sara, noted they were disappointed to learn that a prior traveller had been unhappy with their stay. If you look for that review -- you will see it -- the one relating to an open or unlocked door for three days. Sara very quickly brought up this bad review, which surprised me. I hadn't read it as had been written during our stay at the hotel. She noted that the hotel had not been aware of the issue that the traveller recorded in their review. Further, she was disappointed that the hotel did not know about the problem until after the fact. Her honesty was astonishing because it demonstrated that the staff was (1) genuinely interested in following up on guest reviews and (2) desired to correct the situation. Again, I think this is further evidence of a well run hotel that is intent on keeping its guests happy.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Antal
<Content>Fabulous! We found this hotel thanks to TripAdvisor - the reviews were so favourable that we could not resist booking here. We got an excellent rate by booking early through the hotel's website and treated ourselves to an executive room. This was beautifully furnished and overlooked the inner courtyard so was very quiet at night, although our friends, in the standard room opposite, overlooking the side street, also found their room very quiet and although it was smaller than ours, it was equally well-appointed. Service was fantastic throughout our stay, and one evening, when we came back with friends to have tea in the library, the staff rushed to light the fire for us which made it even more inviting. Our room rate included breakfast which set us up nicely for the day's sightseeing. Only the weather disappointed us, as it rained most of the time - the hotel thoughtfully provided umbrellas which could be taken from the lobby as needed. The evening turn-down service was a nice touch - no chocolates on the pillow but towels and toiletries were replaced and replenished, and the bedside lights were left on to welcome us on our return. Definitely one to revisit.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>happytraveller41
<Content>execellent little hotel The staff at Hotel Luxembourg Parc made our stay wonderful, they were always helpful and highly efficent and professional. The location is perfect. The rooms are perfectly kept, clean and attractive. We shall be back and highly recommend this hotel to all our friends and family.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kbhr
<Content>Pleasant Stay       Room 35 (side window)  
<Date>Dec 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Barrowboy
<Content>Room left open for 3 days! We stayed at the Hotel Luxembourg Parc for 3 nights, mid November 2007. The hotel itself was very nice, the room small but tastefully decorated and the location perfect for foodies with some stunning bistros near by. However we had a terrible time with our room which was left open for the 3 days because of a faulty lock. When we returned on the first night the door was closed but unlocked, the next morning we pointed out the problem and we were assured it would be fixed. When we returned after a lovely day in Paris the door was still open, we complained again and were fobbed-off with an excuse. Then the receptionist appeared with a nail file to try and fix it. Our main issue was that the staff didn't take the problem seriously and even tried to say that it didn't matter because the hotel was safe, but the result for us was that every time we returned to the hotel we had to check all our belongings, it simply ruined our stay. To finish off our dreadful stay the lift broke down on the last day and we had to drag our bags down from the 4th floor. We travel regularly for work and pleasure and this is the first problem we've had with a highly rated hotel from trip advisor.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>2	1	2	5	5	4	2	3	

<Author>DallasRod
<Content>Enchant茅 Saw the very good reviews. Well we spent our time there. Very good base to visit Paris (metro is pretty near). Paris is beautiful just a bit.. too cold. Luxembourg parc has a very helpful staff and the hotel itself is very nice. We were pretty lucky with our room. A couple we met there wasn't like that. We had those napoleon decors and that make it really special. Our time there was just great. Paris is really an amazing city. Need to speak some French. Fortunate貌y we had some word. Anyway that is an extraordinary city. Much romance.. we'll surely be back.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>alfnat
<Content>Very comfortable and charming Good friendly service, excellent location.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>bjtheyankeesfan
<Content>We Loved The Luxembourg Parc My husband said it took me longer to chose a hotel in Paris from various websites and guidebooks than it did to buy our condo in Boston! But my 'shopping' paid off - the Hotel Luxembourg Parc was wonderful. From everything I'd read about Parisienne hotels rooms are small - ours was not - it was charming. The bathroom was very clean and lovely in white marble with a fabulous deep tub and large overhead hot-hot shower, big white towels; the combination of the building's original heavy overhead beams made it architecturally dramatic. The front desk personnel were helpful and all spoke English. On a rainy Sunday afternoon after spending the morning at the Louvre and walking Paris all day we ate a romantic late lunch of lapsong suchong tea and crepes on Ile Ste Louis, we bought a bottle of wine and cheese on our way back to the hotel - the front desk made a blazing fire in the fireplace in the library, brought us some crusty rolls from the kitchen and we enjoyed a momentary fantasy of living in Paris - it was the perfect day - the perfect hotel.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	3	3	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Sarah_MattWales
<Content>Superb Paris hotel Wonderful, clean hotel with very friendly staff. The staff were excellent and were there to welcome us when we checked in at 4 in the morning ! The hotel was absolutely spotless, the room we had was huge, with a lovely view onto the luxembourg museum. The breakfast was substantial and set us up for the day. The staff spoke english but also allowed us to try our French. There was a very nice bar where you could have a pre or post dinner drink.The location is exceptional, within easy walking distance of the metro and buses. There ar also some fantastic restaurants just around the corner - good, traditional French ones !We will definitley be recommending this and returning to the hotel in the future.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lashero
<Content>Best location in all of Paris; beautiful Hotel My husband  I picked the Hotel Luxembourg Parc because of it's location in Paris' Latin Quarter, the 4-star rating  the positive reviews here on trip advisor. The HLP was perfect for our trip. The rooms are beautiful. Although they are not large, my husband  I were very comfortable, never feeling cramped or needing more room. The bathroom was absolutely gorgeous (and I'm very picky about bathrooms)! We really enjoyed meeting and talking to the staff; they are very helpful and kind. While this was my 2nd trip to Paris  my husband's 3rd trip, this was the first time we stayed at HLP. We both agree that this is the only hotel where will stay for future visits. We feel very fortunate to have found it! In my opinion, the location is the best of all of Paris. The hotel is in a quiet location and is not swarmed with tourists. We were about 1-2 blocks from the best restaurants in Paris, beautiful boutiques for window shopping and flower shops and bakeries. (OK - I was a little surprised to see a GAP clothing store, but otherwise the area was very 'authentic'.) The Metro is about a 5-10 minute walk from the hotel and is one of the best transportation systems in the world. (Be sure to get a metro pass to cover your entire stay; it will be well worth the money.) My husband  I returned home 4 days ago  we're already dreaming about our next trip to Paris. We know we won't wait long to return.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>StLMissouri2
<Content>Absolutely Perfect We stayed at the Luxembourg Parc in the second half of our European vacation. This hotel was simply the best.The front desk was courteous and helpful. A man at the front desk even mapped out different restaurants for us to try in the area and each night we tried a new one. They were all wonderful! Our favorite meals were in Paris!! The front desk spoke perfect English and helped us as we tried to learn the customs and the language. The hotel was in a perfect spot. Right by the metro - walking distance to downtown St. Germain. We walked as much as we could - but the location was wonderful with all the metros. Across the street is the beautiful Luxembourg Gardens. We spent an afternoon walking around and had a mini picnic. Just wonderful. The room itself was small - but beautifully decorated and the bed - good, Lord, the bed ... it was so comfortable! We slept like babies!! The bathroom was a perfect size with great toilettries. The shower was just heavenly! Our room was decorated in Napolean style - very pretty. The hotel was quiet and in a great location. We didn't do the breakfast - it wasn't really worth the price. There are plenty of other places to try right up the street or further in St. Germain. The fitness area was also great! We did alittle work out here and there. Free water bottles! And free internet. We bought football tickets for a game in London before we left Paris. We would definitely stay here again. It was just perfect!  
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TravelLadyBoston
<Content>Loved Everything About This Hotel We could not have been happier staying for five days in Paris with the Luxembourg Parc. The hotel is a jewel directly across from the Luxembourg Gardens, near the Luxembourg Parc museum and the Senate. The hotel is small but completely charming, well-decorated, comfortable and elegant The staff are always at your disposal, very efficient, friendly, and knowledgeable. They go out of their way and treat you as though you were a guest in their own home. With only 23 rooms, a small bar in the reception area, a library with free computer use, a small breakfast room on the park, and an exercise room in the basement, the feeling is more like being in a home or inn. There is a small but charming courtyard off of the reception area but it was too cold to sit out there. At night a light lit the fanciful sculpture onto the wall. In general, the hotel has the feeling that everything has been well-thought out but not overdone.We had an executive room on the third floor which was as nice as its photo. It had two large windows opening onto a small courtyard, an armoir area, a desk and sitting chair. The room was decent size and in very good shape. There are lovely details everywhere including the marble bathroom which was a little small but still very nice. The room was very quiet and we felt we had a lot of privacy. Each floor seems to have a similar layout. Our room number was 31 and was similar in size to 21, etc. There is one room in the hotel with a balcony overlooking the park but I understand that the room is smaller. Other rooms overlooking the park or side street might be noisier.On arrival, we had a small gift of a little, cute dog with the hotel emblem. The staff knew their neighborhood well and directed us to very good restaurants including Le Petit Coeur. The neighborhood is lovely. For an urban setting, the park is tranquil and beautiful with its winding paths, Parisians relaxing with each other, interesting and varied statues, and lovely flowers. Families walk by during the day, and the area near the hotel is very chic with beautiful apartments, small interesting shops and varued restaurants. It is a short walk to Saint Sulplice and the Cafes (Deux Magot etc), It is not far to the Seine, the Orsay, the Louvres, Notre Dame and movie theaters. There are many lovely boutiques in the area including some of the big names like Yves St Laurent.We had the 15 euro breakfast once at the hotel which was adequate but not lavish with very nice service. We found that going to the the cafes in the neighborhood more enjoyable although not necessarily cheaper. We would love to return to the Luxembourg Parc and have only the very best to say about this elegant, boutique hotel.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Nige7
<Content>Best in Paris We have recently returned from a long weekend at this Hotel where we stayed with friends to celebrate their 20th wedding anniversary.We chose the Hotel as a result of the fabulous reviews on Tripadvisor and booked directly with them. We were not disappointed. This place really is a little gem, with warm and friendly staff, good size rooms and a more than adequate breakfast. The Library is cosy to return to after a day out and about, to sit back relax and enjoy a coffee or something stronger !Fab location and the staff will point you in the direction of a great choice of restaurants nearby.You must go to the Pantheon nearby to see the pendulum and for Da Vinci code lovers, the St Sulpice church down the road.Without doubt we will return and once again Tripadvisor has not let us down.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LML31
<Content>Loved This Hotel We stayed here for part of our honeymoon in September 07 and found this hotel to be a great choice for a first trip to Paris. The staff was extremely friendly and spoke perfect english (although we did try to speak French!). We stayed in a balcony room which was beautifully decorated and roomy for Paris standards, with a terrace overlooking the gardens that was almost as big as our room! There was even a heat lamp provided, so we could sit outside despite the chill. There were several Metro stations a short walk away which provided easy access to all parts of the city. All-in-all, a great place to stay when in Paris!  
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Biggles68
<Content>Peace and quiet in the city We spent 3 nights here and have to agree with all the reviews so far. Great location (our favourite part of Paris), friendly staff, clean rooms, well decorated and it has to have been the quietest hotel room we have ever stayed in. It wasn't until we had breakfast there on the last day that we were really sure that there were any other guests! Would recommend this hotel to everyone.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>shep77
<Content>Believe the Glowing Reviews EXCELLENT location, charming boutique type hotel. Avoids the tourist throngs. I would stay here again in a heartbeat. Easy access to many important Metro lines and the RER B from CDG (you can walk from the RER to the hotel...providing you don't have too many bags in tow). The staff is friendly and extremely helpful and well versed in English. The breakfast is pricey but well done. Good sized elegant room with comfortable bed and large bathroom. Our room faced the cobblestoned rue Servandoni with geraniums outside the window. The lovely Luxembourg Park is just across the street. What are you waiting for?  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>degbert71
<Content>Wonderful Honeymoon Destination What a wonderful hotel and staff. They are simply the best. We stayed in France for 12 days on our honeymoon, with the majority of that time at HLP. Like others before me stated, they were absolutely helpful and treated us like family. I was a little pessimistic about going to France on our honeymoon and I fell in love with it. Thank you HLP!  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gellura
<Content>Amazing hotel in the heart of Paris This is an amazing hotel with friendly, attentive staff. I highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>motherdaughter
<Content>a brilliant little hotel This was my second time staying at lux parc in Paris. I knew the location was perfect: on the left bank, right next to Luxembourg Parc and down a charming little cobblestone street. The rooms are beautifully appointed; quite large by Paris standards and the views are captivating.  We became a bit better acquainted with the hotel staff on this visit. Two of them deserve special mention: Fabienne and Sophia.Fabienne has been with the hotel for several years. She is the quintessential Parisienne. She knows all the corners of the city and had no hesitation recommending places to eat and visit. She happily spoke with us in (perfect) English and indulged me while i practiced my french. Sophia is brand new to the hotel. A young woman from Sweden who is in Paris to perfect her french, Sophia was a most willing and attentive server at the hotel. She was very sweet and obliging with every request. Again, her english was perfect (we thought she was a Canadian) and she happily moved from french to english. I can hardly wait to go back to Paris and to LUx Parc  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>grandkids6
<Content>Charming Hotel in Paris We just returned from a 3 day (not long enough) in Paris and stayed in the most charming hotel we have been in in years. The room and the bathroom something out of a decorator's magazine. Both were comfortable and we certainly had plenty of space for our clothes. The entire staff helped us in any way they could, even with our very poor French. They gladly helped us find tours of Paris and places we could walk to to eat. It is across the street from Luxembourge Park which is absolutely beautiful. It is a small hotel and lots of personal service. I cannot say enough about how much we enjoyed our short visit to Paris because of this wonderful hotel.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Harborchick
<Content>Luxurious retreat on the left bank       Windows to cobblestone street  
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Neewells10
<Content>Super place to stay. We have just returned from our honeymoon at the Hotel Luxembourg Parc and we have to say it was a gem. The room was deluxe and spotless, breakfast although simple and a little pricey was fresh and tasty. The staff were freindly and helpful. We booked a deluxue room which was superb, I think maybe the cheaper rooms are smaller but equally as sumptuous. There is an endless supply of fresh towels etc. It is very central and we walked all over paris from here, I would book a room over the courtyard as they are very quiet and I am not sure how busy the road is at night. All rooms have air con and I would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel to anyone who wanted a nice Paris break. Do check the price of drinks at the bar before ordering though as they have some very expensive cognacs wich we ordered and consumed before we were told the price! They were however very good so that is merely an advisory note for those on a budget! It is not a cheap hotel but it is very very nice.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>familytravelz
<Content>Pied a Terre in the City of Light       Bath  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JMBWashington
<Content>Charming hotel, great location. My wife and I stayed here for seven days in October 2006. Altogether it was a great trip and we will likely stay at the Luxembourg-Parc again in the future. Many positives for this hotel. Firstly, the location is great, right across from the Jardins Luxembourg and within easy walking distance of three metro lines and at least one RER station.(which goes directly to the Charles de Gaulle airport). Many of the sites on the left bank are within a 5-10 minute walk including Rue St-Michel, and even Notre-Dame.The hotel is also quite attractive. Our room, which I believe was an upgrade on the basic room, was not huge, but was very attractive and comformtable. The bathroom was very nice and roomy by European standards.The one slight downside was the service. When booking, we had asked for, and been told we would get, a room not facing rue Vaugirard (which is quite busy/noisy). We ended up getting a room right on that street and were told that we could not switch rooms due to the hotel being fully booked. Apart from that, the front desk service was just OK, with some of the attendants very helpul and others a little less so (for issues such as restaurant recommendations and taxis).  Altogether, this hotel is to be recommended, especially for pleasure travellers wanting to explore the left bank.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>TaylorMae
<Content>Great Hotel Excellent Location We stayed at the Hotel Luxembourg Parc for the first time when we arrived in Paris. We enjoyed the hotel and the people that operate the facility.. It is kept in the most beautiful condition and the location is perfect for walking. We had originally planned staying at a different hotel when we returned to Paris but we enjoyed Luxembourg Parc that we stayed there again and enjoyed it as much as we enjoyed it the first time  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravelingTxn
<Content>Lovely Luxembourg!       view from room  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Redbear99
<Content>Excellent This is an excellent choice for the sophisticated traveler who has been to Paris a number of times and doesn't want to spend a fortune in the upscale tourist hotels in the 1st and 8th arrondissements. It's a bit out of the way, but that buys you quiet and a nice Paris neighborhood to walk in. The rooms are charming....ours was spacious, had beamed ceilings and a large, modern bath. The staff couldn't have been nicer. We plan to return in October.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>flippywebsurfer
<Content>Highly Recommended We stayed for 5 days at this boutique hotel. I had my reservations at first, I am glad that I put them aside because the personnel here are quite friendly and very helpful. The rooms are very clean and comfortable and the bathrooms are generously equipped with toiletries. We only ate once here for breakfast due to an early Versailles day trip but there are many places nearby.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ahrp
<Content>Great budget option for higher-end travelers We just stayed at the Hotel Luxembourg Parc for a night in Paris on the way back from the south of France and were really pleasantly suprised. I wanted to review it especially for people who typically go for expensive hotels but are looking for something less punishing on the wallet in Paris, especially during high season.Last time in Paris we were at the Crillon and before that the Tremoille, but for this short stay we figured we didn't need all the extras for 800 euros per night (the rate quoted at the Crillon). At the Luxembourg Parc we paid 280 euros per night for an executive room and got a room nearly the size of our last room at the Crillon, furnishings along the same antique-inspired vein (even if less refined than those at the Crillon), and a very nice marble bathroom bigger many in Paris. Wood floors, old wood-beams on the ceilings (an old building). A nice room.Since our window faced the interior courtyard, rather than the rue Vaugirard, which is noisy, our room was quiet, though a tad dark. Free wireless access was a perk. The king-sized bed was awkward, not because they put to twins together, as many European hotels do, but because each side had its own mini-comforter. A big one would be better for a couple using a king-sized bed. But that was the worst complaint about the room.The hotel basically offers no real services; you pay for a nice room and that's what you use. No room service, unless you want them to bring you a continental breakfast in the morning. The breakfast downstairs is worth skipping, though I admit we decided this on looking not eating: croissants on a warming plate, tired-looking fruit salad, etc. We had a less expensive, fresh breakfast a few blocks away. The hotel was installing a gym while we were there, so that could be nice later. But basically this is a place to stay to sleep, bathe, rest, not to indulge as you would at a luxury hotel, and in that it provides quite comfortably.Last thing to add, for comparison's sake, is that we stayed here after having done a night 5 days earlier at the Duc de Saint-Simon, also a small left-bank hotel, very popular with American ladies, and geared towards the well-heeled going for a quaint budget option. Must say that we both preferred the Hotel Luxembourg Parc much more, primarily because the room was just that much nicer, and the Lux Parc was around $100 cheaper, too.  
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>elizabetha2
<Content>Luxury, charm        marble bathroom  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Sleep-on-da-Beach
<Content>Made our stay very pleasant We spent the week up to and including the Easter weekend at this hotel and it was extremely pleasant. Service was very friendly Rooms were clean, no expense spared in decor and were of a good sizeLocation was excellent, in the Latin Quarter minutes from the Jardin and in a laid back area of town, but 10-20 mins walk from the river, Tour Eiffel, Notre Dame etcWould seriously recommend this place.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Taic4u
<Content>A gem A beautiful, small treasure of a hotel in a wonderful neighborhood. Easily accessible to all of Paris by foot or by the Metro.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>shanson
<Content>Our Favorite Hotel in Paris We loved staying in this hotel! The hotel was very clean and seems to have been rather recently redecorated. We had a little larger room that had a flat screen TV, a safe, minibar and wonderful built in closets. Our room was on the 3rd floor and our windows looked out and down into the courtyard where there was a lovely fountain. The hotel staff was very kind and knowledgeable about the area restuarants and gave us fabulous suggestions. We ate at two of the restaurants nearby and ended up eating at one of them again! The breakfast at the hotel was good and the cappuccinos were perfect. We love the area the hotel is in, it is a very quiet and clean neighborhood and there was never a problem finding a cafe to sit at and eat, drink and people watch. It was also near a Metro stop and lots of great shopping. Le Bon Marche was only about a 10 minute walk. We loved this hotel so much that we will always stay here when we visit Paris.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cwarne
<Content>Wonderful Stay Just spent 4 wonderful nights at the Luxembourg Parc; the room was charming, the beds heavenly, the bathroom marble, the water hot, the breakfast delicious and the staff welcoming. Definitely plan to stay there again!  
<Date>Mar 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>darrennelson
<Content>Great visit               
<Date>Mar 21, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>HB71
<Content>Intimate boutique hotel without the extra We stayed two nights at this hotel, situated next to the Luxemburg Gardens (Jardin du Luxembourg), over New Year's Eve 2006. The staff is very friendly, service minded and most speak English very well. Rooms are small but lovely furnished with details from ancient times, bathrooms increadibly cold and pourly heated (no underfloor heating) and toiletries offered are a variety of different brands and fragrances.The hotel does not have a restaurant of its own but offer some rather good alternatives in the neighbourhood. Breakfast offered is french style which is rather weak for a hotel in this category and make the price rather high (even though it was noted price was lowered from EUR 17 to EUR 15 during our stay).Don't miss the bar and above all the hotel library, which offers books, chess and internet connection free of charge.We paid EUR 290 a night for a classic room overlooking the Jardin du Luxembourg, which should be the highest price in that category (other categories offered are superior, executive and suites) and which must be considered rather expensive. Other categoreis might be better even though not necessarily higher in price. For sure there are other hotels in the areas which are better in price.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Tupigny
<Content>Where you feel to be a guest Hotel Luxembourg Parc is a place where you feel to be a guest and not only a client. The front desk calls you by your name, not by your room number.Service is efficient, quick, and gracious; the location is great very close to St. Germain des Pres, one of the best part of Paris, with an incredible choice of restaurants, top shopping stores, and many more tourist attractions, without tumult.Raymond, a world traveler deeply tired of international stereotyped hotels.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RickNJ
<Content>Fabulous place to stay in Paris Charming place, charming people! Have just returned from four days at HLP...this will be our regular Paris oasis.Rooms are somewhat on the small side by American standards but accomodation is very comfy and well above most Parisian standards for four star hotels in our opinion. Meticulously clean, even meeting a neatnik's standards. Rooms are bright and elegantly outfitted. Located opposite the beautiful Luxembourg Gardens in the 6th arrondissement...peaceful and beautiful. Near Ste Sulpice and Metro line 4, Latin Quarter and the Sorbonne. Easy walking distance to the Seine, Notre Dame, etcHigh speed Internet. Cable TV with some 20 channels including at least four or five in English.Found the staff at every level to be very helpful and exceptional. Particular praise to Royce, who is outstanding in his knowledge of local restaurants and sights to see.A superb place to stay!  
<Date>Sep 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>andrea212212
<Content>Absolutely loved this boutique hotel After hours of researching Paris hotels, we chose Luxembourg Parc based on reviews of other travelers, and not only was the hotel wonderful, it was one of the highlights of our trip. Although small, it did not lack for any of the conveniences of a large hotel. The rooms were beautful with very traditional Parisian decor. The beds and linens were exceptional. The bathrooms were nicer than any hotel I have stayed in (this includes many!) The hotel rooms had wireless highspeed internet and a free highspeed internet connected computer in the lounge. The rooms were quiet and the air conditioning was excellent.The lobby offered many places to sit and relax after a day of touring the city, including a courtyard and a library. For a small hotel it had a top notch bar to serve you your beverage of choice (tea to a dry martini) -ask for the champagne mojito-and the staff was absolutely lovely. Everyone spoke English and was happy to help in any way they could. On a days notice we had a reservation at Tallievent made for us.The location was perfect; close to hundreds cafes, brassieries, shopping, art galleries and walking distance to all of the great Parisian attractions. And of course across the street from Luxembourg Gardens. This hotel really outdid my expectations and I look forward to returning!  
<Date>Sep 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>HotelHLP
<Content>A beautiful setting We have just got home from a wonderful stay in the heart of Paris. The hotel was a real find, just opposite the beautiful Luxembourg Gardens and a perfect base for walking around the city. The staff were extremely helpful and the rooms very comfortable and clean. We can't wait to come back next year and shall tell all our friends and family. We felt very at home here. Thank you.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Guard your belongings We stayed at the hotel New Years Eve 2004. The entire hotel was burglarized and we lost all of the belongings we put in our safe (30k worth). We then found out that the hotel had no video surveillence system. They placated us by saying they had insurance, but it's been a year, insurance has not paid and we've now had to hire an attorney.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Marble bathroom, what more can you ask for!? On our last night in Europe, we splurged (230 euro/night) and stayed in this four star hotel, and boy, was it worth it! Our sumptious room was well furnished and spacious. The bathroom was magnificent, with marble from floor to ceiling. The king-size bed had two duvets, which were turned down at night. The staff was gracious and helpful. The hotel is just across the street from Luxembourg Garden and near the heart of St.-Germaine-des-Pres and its many fine cafes and shops. As unseasoned four star hotel-goers, we were shocked by the high prices at the hotel bar (30 euro for two drinks!). Overall, we would highly recommend this hotel if you can afford it!  
<Date>Nov 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>lovely and excellent service Just returned from a trip to Paris and other areas in Europe. After staying at many hotels at various prices our favorite by far was the Hotel Luxembourg Parc. We were staying there with other couples and each of the rooms were decorated in a lovely traditional style. The bathrooms were clean, of a good size and had all the amenities that one needed. We found the staff to be quite pleasant and any request we made was handled immediately and to our satisfaction. After busy days of working and shopping the Hotel was a pleasant sanctuary to return to in the evening. Miguel was quite helpful in suggesting and making dinner reservations. The hotel made our stay in Paris a very pleasant one for all in our multi-nationality group.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Noisy street, but excellent (and quiet) hotel We just returned from a very pleasant one week stay in two rooms (one EUR 245 3rd floor courtyard-view room, spacious, the other a smaller EUR 230 side street-view room). These rooms were absolutely quiet--rooms facing rue de Vaugirard may not be.While the lobby is a little bit brass  glass tacky (so's their web site), both rooms were quiet, well-furnished, and very well-kept. Feather pillows and comforters a bit more dusty and allergy-triggering than in other hotels of the same class, but staff quickly replaced them. The only real downside is what you'll see first: the hotel's location on the noisy, unpleasant rue de Vaugirard. The upside is that all of St-Sulpice and St-Germain are just a quick walk up the lovely little rue Servandoni (don't miss the excellent, very atmospheric Au Bon Table restaurant--hotel desk staff warned us away from it, but the food  service excellent). So yes, the location isn't all it could be, if walking is an issue, but I'll still return without hesitation. As reported, breakfast is nice but somewhat overpriced at EUR 17; in the library on the ground floor there's a computer w/high speed internet access--EUR 3 per session. Staff has very good English skills.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Trevi
<Content>Charming haven enthusiastically recommended! My family stayed at the Luxembourg Parc for 4 nights with 3 separate rooms. 1 @ 230E and 2 @ 245E. We would be very happy to return to this lovely and relaxing hotel and enthusiastically recommend it!Rooms: All rooms were beautifully decorated with large comfortable beds and gorgeous bedding, window treatments, furniture and wood rafters; tall, sound-proof, double windows that open with flowers in the window box; and nice sized marble bathrooms with great showers, nice towels, wash cloths, hairdryer and lighted makeup / shaving mirror. Super clean with complete housekeeping service (fresh towels - morning and night). Our favorite was room 21 (31 would have a similar position). #21 was on the small inner courtyard with a fountain, plants and flowers (exterior elevator is in the courtyard but very quiet). The room had a small sitting area in front of the bed with 2 comfortable chairs and a desk. The other 245E room (#17) was on the first floor at street level and well sound proofed, but we wouldn鈥檛 open the windows on this busy street. The 230E room (#32) was charming and perfectly fine for 1 person, but would have been a little cramped for 2. It was positioned on pretty side street with a view of a well maintained building next door which had flower boxes on the facing window. I'd recommend spending the extra 15E and reserve early with a request for 21 or 31 (of the rooms we saw).Staff: Always happy and quick to help, including the day we checked out when our travel plans required a complete overhaul due to one of Paris鈥檚 frequent train strikes. Prior to our arrival, they were very prompt to answer my email questions. Miguel, in particular, went out of his way to welcome us each day and anticipate our every need. Like taking the initiative to bring us a snack while we lounged in the cozy library or walking us to our taxi and making sure the driver knew where to go. Miguel also provided excellent restaurant recommendations that were close by and in our price range.Breakfast: convenient and fresh, with pastries, fruit, cereal and omelets that were just OK. The omelets seemed a bit of a hurdle for the staff to manage but they worked hard and were always charming so we found ourselves not minding too much. I鈥檇 recommend finding a great patisserie in the neighborhood and saving the 17E for later in the day. Location: Charming neighborhood. 5 - 10 minute walk to the Seine. Right across the street from the Luxembourg Gardens (don't expect to see in to the garden from your room). The entrance to the garden is a minute up the street and a great place to unwind after a busy sightseeing day. The bus stop and metro are an easy stroll around the outside of Luxembourg Gardens. It cost 5 鈥?10 euros to take a taxi just about anywhere we went.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Great Find Just returned from our stay at Luxembourg Parc and would agree with previous reviewers that this is an excellent choice. We loved the neighborhood--elegant shops, right across the street from the Park. We walked everywhere...6eme arrondissement is very central to the areas we enjoy, i.e. the Marais, Ile St. Louis, St. Germain.Rooms were 200, 230 and 245 euros and we chose a room for 230. A bit on the small side but charmingly decorated. We did enjoy the ridiculously priced 17 euro breakfast--the ambiance of the breakfast room and the freshly squeezed oj, made to order omelettes and only once did we see anyone else in there (probably because of the price!) But we then had just a stand-up sandwich lunch so it probably worked out to be the same cost.Room service was not available except for breakfast. And staff did not mention any computer available to guests, nor were we told of the library. Staff was very helpful in making dinner reservations.Definitely would return.  
<Date>May 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ExactingTraveller
<Content>Excellent Choice My family and I just returned from our first visit to Paris during Spring Break. After considering the Four Seasons, Hotel DeCrillon, and Hotel Lancaster (and wincing at the cost for two rooms for 10 nights) I selected the Hotel Luxembourg Parc based on the reviews I read on TripAdvsior and in Travel magazine. When my two teenage daughters (who rarely offer praise of anything) commented on how beautiful the hotel and our rooms were I knew I had made the right choice. The rooms, although not large by American standards, were comfortable and beautifully decorated with gorgeous marble bathrooms. The hotel staff could not have been friendlier and more accomodating. They arranged airport car service, recommended restaurants and made dinner reservations, arranged our boat tour on the Seine, and even made telephone calls for us to confirm our other arrangements. I have stayed in some of the finest hotels and resorts in the U.S. and have never felt this well taken care of. And the price, in comparison, was very reasonable.Even our Parisian guide commented on how nice the hotel was and its' location in one of the more desireable neighborhoods in Paris. We found it to be a great location to start our sightseeing walks everyday and its' proximity to Saint Germain des Pres and the Latin Quarter allowed us to easily enjoy shopping and the energized night life of those neighborhoods. This hotel was an excellent choice.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>nyctraveler
<Content>Not a great location but great hotel   showReview(3263585, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 10, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Janet033
<Content>Great Stay at the Luxembourg Parc   showReview(3193095, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect Boutique Hotel   showReview(2875289, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastique   showReview(2848320, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Retep0517
<Content>Harmonious stay   showReview(2760009, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great!   showReview(1843256, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pleasent week at the Luxembourg Parc   showReview(1726231, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Huuhu
<Content>Wonderful   showReview(1640249, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Great Experience!   showReview(1376113, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 5, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>good paris location   showReview(1343618, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 17, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>druffy
<Content>Nous reviendrons !   showReview(6731278, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

