<Author>00charlzy00
<Content>Poor Accommodation       View from Standard Ocean View Room balcony  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>2	2	4	3	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>cassiedawn
<Content>Great Experience (and value!) at ResortQuest Waikiki Beach We had a great time staying here, and it was a great value. We were not disturbed by any noise, found the beds comfortable, and the bathrooms clean. The breakfast on the beach was so much fun, and I loved trying the different options they had, like soba noodles and kimchi. We would usually be so full we wouldn't need lunch. There was occasionally a wait for our car to be brought up, but the valets were friendly and helpful. Skip the in-hotel store and walk down to an ABC store for a wider variety of items. Waikiki Beach is literally across the street, and the restaurants attached to the building were tasty too. The hotel is closer to the Diamond Head end of the beach, but we didn't think it was too far from all the action at all.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>CanuckBC
<Content>Great hotel This is the third time I have stayed at the RQ. I love the location and the rooms are more then adequate for the time you stay in them. The beds are extremely comfortable and especially since I am pregnant. Having the fridge in the room is very convenient to have access to cold drinks after a hot day on the beach.The breakfasts are great - very convenient - those who complain can go elsewhere for breakfast if they don't enjoy! The rest of us love them. Esp with the music and Hawaiian dancer for entertainment.My only complaint of the place is the amount of plastic that is used for breakfast that is not recycled. There should be a recycle bin for the containers - it would save this beautiful island and ocean in the long run! RQ should look into more environmentally friendly containers and/or recycle the containers.The elevators are great - what's a the two seconds it takes to have your key ready for the safety it provides!Love the location, view, Tiki bar - will go back in a heartbeat!  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>honeynugget
<Content>Great for first timers! The hotel was a great property! traveled with 3 teens and had a 2 beach front rooms. Definitely ask for a higher floor to see over the palm trees. The pool water was much cooler than the ocean because the shadow of the building towers over it all day. The breakfast on the beach was fun for a few days but the breakfast buffet wasn't all that great. The rooms were decorated in a cute Hawaiian fashion sense with red and white hawaiian print and bamboo on the walls. Bathrooms were somewhat small but service was great and rooms were clean and safe which was good enough for me!Tiki's the hotels restaurant is higher priced for what you get but very good. Try the mai-tais!! And the hotel is such a great location that you can't hardly pass it up.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>LuSadler
<Content>Brilliant!!! I loved this place! Its on the edge of Wikiki beach, but by no means out of the way. The Honalulu Zoo is only a couple of minutes walk away too. No really, book this hotel, the beds are soooooooo comfy and the rooms, although are not huge are full of character, luxury and really clean. The Bar is nice and all the staff are friendly. The breakfast on the beach option is great! You get a cool bag in your room and then when you get up, you take it with you and fill it up with loads of lush breakie! Omlettes, melen, yoghurt, croissants etc etc etc. and then go over to the beach and have your breakie. Its a nice hotel and I recommend the side view of the sea room! Have fun!  
<Date>Dec 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>SheWhoTravels
<Content>Funky and convenient We picked this place because on line it looked like it had cool, hawaii-themed decor and was right on the beach. Overall, we really liked it. It is indeed right on the beach and also on a convenient bus line for getting around. They provide a breakfast which was convenient but not so tasty, really. The one thing they have really going for them is an EXCELLENT, friendly staff. Over and over again they were great. Not good: we were on a very high floor on a windy day and the howl of the wind through our room was disconcerting. Also, as everyone else has said, the elevators are goofy. One example, I get on on the first floor, wanting to go to the 23rd, it goes up to 6, stops, the doors don't open, it returns to the 1st floor, doors open, more people get on, it goes up to 11, doors don't open, drops people off on a couple of more floors and finally goes to 23. Its like they are haunted. But people are just being stupid if they can't handle sticking their keycard in the slot. The complaining about that on the other reviews is really overblown. I'd stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Kathrin_73
<Content>Loved our stay, loved Waikiki Beach       At night from the room  
<Date>Dec 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>PAWahine
<Content>A fun and funky hotel with good location This hotel was recommended to me by the manager of another ResortQuest hotel on the Big Island. My fiance and I got married on the Big Island on Dec 4, 2008. Our families came with us and we all stayed at Waikiki Beach Hotel before the wedding. We were there from Nov. 30-Dec. 3. It was great. The staff was very friendly at the valet and check-in. The hotel was clean and I liked the bright Hawaiian decor. The hotel isn't on the beach, but it is right across the street with nothing in between. A rock wall creates a nice little lagoon for part of the beach which is great for small kids. (My nephew is 8 mos., so it was good for him!) The rest of the beach is awesome Waikiki with a great view of Diamond Head.The hotel is also in a good location. Lots of shops and restaurants and the International Market Place within an easy 20 minute walk. We didn't use public transportation because we had a van, but it looked like there were lots of shuttles, buses and taxis available too. For $9, the hotel has a van that can take you to the airport. I read the other reviews before we left and it seemed that the biggest complaints were about the breakfasts and the elevators. I thought that the breakfasts were good (And they were free and convenient! How can you complain about that?) There was always a hot option with eggs, meat and potatoes. Then, they also had bagels, pastries, cereal, fresh fruit, yogurt, juice and coffee. And the little cooler bags were very cute. I would agree with the elevator complaints though. You have to use your key to access the guest floors and timing is everything. If you don't do it right, you will miss your floor and just ride around. It is supposed to be a form of security, but anyone can get on with you and go to the same floor you do, so I don't know how effective it is. If anything, I think it is just more irritating to guests than intruders. The guest has a specific floor to get to, and intruder that just jumped on behind the guest will go anywhere the elevator takes him.Overall though, I thought it was a good hotel and i would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Garry1957
<Content>What a great place to stay My family stayed at the Resortquest Waikik Beach Hotel in 4 rooms over 10 days. Our Oceanfront rooms were much more than we expected, particularly given some of the reviews that I had read by some travellers. We had never been to Hawaii before and so not knowing what to expect, we found the hotel service excellent from the valet parking through to the front desk and have nothing but compliments for the housekeeping staff. Even when a blackout occured and the lifts couldn't be used, the staff were very helpful in ensuring we got in and out of the hotel.Much has been made of the lifts and the use of the card system to get access. It is true that it can be a bit tempermental but really we were on holidays so a minute here or there didn't really affect us too much.Breakfast on the beach was a novel idea. Given that it is complementary it wasn't too bad. The food is basic by Aussie standards but there was plenty of it. It is a shame that it closes by 8.30am as having teenagers we were rarely able to make use of it. We had both doubles and King rooms all of which overlooked the beach. The rooms themselves were lovely and a genuine 3 star standard. The bathrooms are cozy but they were clean and well maintained. The beds were the equal of anything I have slept on in a 5 star hotel.Overall the members of my family ranging from elderly down to mid teens all agreed our stay at this hotel was very enjoyable and we will definitely look for Resortquest around the world when next we holiday. Thanks to all.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>stuttsNorthCarolina
<Content>Pleasant and relaxing hotel - smokers beware of Hawaii though! My boyfriend and I stayed November 27-Dec. 2 for a long weekend getaway. We were very happy with the location (right across the street from Waikiki beach) and all the things we could walk to. In a short walk you can cover all of Waikiki, catch a free hula dance at Duke Kanahamoku's statue, shop Kalakaua Avenue, relax in Kapiolani Park, and even go off the main streets for a bowl of Japanese noodles or a locals bar. Our only complaint during our whole stay had more to do with Hawaiian state law - specifically that you can NOT smoke inside any building on the islands except private homes, and more frustratingly, in five days of trying we couldn't find a single business where you could have a drink and a smoke at the same time. You have to be 20 feet away from the property line, I guess, so you can't even sit on a patio and smoke while you have your drink. It is SO frustrating when you are on vacation, trying to relax! The best we could find was Duke's Canoe Club in one of the big hotels on Kalakaua, where you can stand on the beach with your drink literally on the property line and as long as you don't get caught too many times, alternately smoke and drink. We felt like naughty teenagers!  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	3	4	3	

<Author>TomatoGoddess
<Content>Surprisingly comfortable We're fairly picky when traveling as a couple so I was surprised that despite our sleep-deprived state -- we traveled with an infant this time -- we had no litany of complaints during our stay. In fact, each evening I looked forward to returning to the soft bedding, the super white sheets, and the mellow contemporary furnishings. Even the staff seemed genuinely friendly and helpful.Again, we had a baby, so I decided that the A/C, with limited controls, was perhaps too drafty. I turned it off and the room temperature was just fine through the night.If you are traveling with a child, the location couldn't be better with Wolfgang Puck and other take out eateries downstairs, the zoo next door, the beach across the street, and nice specialty boutiques at the Marriott also next door.There was always wind noise from the hallway and we could hear the revelry below even though we were on the second highest floor. Baby slept through it and so did we.We had trouble with multiple card keys but perhaps it was just our particular door lock. The cards were easily replaced (more than once).Before arriving, I was quite concerned about the age of the building. Having stayed there with nothing but surprisingly fond memories of general contentedness, I can say that the age of the building shows but all the creature comforts which matter (carpeting, tv, beds, bath tubs) have been updated and well cared for. The cleaning staff even moved the baby's travel crib to vacuum beneath it!If the price stays competitive and the reviews remain solid, this hotel will be our first choice on future visits to Oahu.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>DutchCalifornia
<Content>Disgusted My husband and myself went to Oahu for our son's wedding. We had POOP on the covering on our bed. We didn't notice it for 2 days because we just used the top sheet to cover up with at night.. The comforter with the covering had it on it. At first I thought it could be chocolate but I found out it wasn't. I went to the lobby and they changed us to a different room. The did a slight upgrade. The housekeeping was very poor - even in the new room. I am a very tidy housekeeper at home and I realize this is a hotel but this could have been much better.The information desks didn't know anything about where Pearl Harbor, Diamond Head, and other sites were located. We rented a car and took off on our own. The very front where the limousine for the wedding picked us up was who helped us out tremendously! The tall blond guy - I don't know his name - was very helpful in everything!We loved the location of the hotel - easy access as far as walking to restaurants, stores, etc.The breakfast in the morning with the entertainment was great! It really started the day out right.I realize I experienced something very unusual but it really shouldn't have happened!Thank you for your time!Linda  
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	1	3	2	3	

<Author>MissEmily66
<Content>Wonderful time in Hawaii       View from our room 1st morning - Rainbow welcoming us to Hawaii  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jmcgough68
<Content>Was Satisfied We were just there to celebrate my 40th birthday from Nov 20-29. I thought the check in and out was easy and fast. We were appointed a ocean front room on the 17th floor. The room itself was a little worn down, tiles in the bathroom were in need of repair and cleaning, the carpet was worn down. I am afraid of heights so I asked if I could change rooms to a lower floor and they were very accomadating and gave us one on the eighth floor. The view was awesome and the room was in better shape. The location is perfect, walking distance to everything. Shops and restaurants close. Beach right across the street. One complaint is that when you asked any of the staff where things were located or if they knew what times events were, they were clueless, they would just look at me, mumble something and appear that they were busy doing something else. I figured out that if you want to know something you went to the activities kisosk and they knew all the answers.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>mellowCanada
<Content>pool area closed too early. 7:30 pm. My wife and I stayed at this hotel Nov. 2, 2008 to Nov. 13, 2008 inclusive. I must say this hotel is clean, in a good location and close to beach. The bonus is having your personal cooler and buffet breakfast which you can either take to the beach or back to your room. The sitting area near the pool fills up quickly with little room left -- not enough seating. Breakfast is from 6:30 to 8:30 but you had better get there before 08:00 as the supply and selection disappears very quickly.The elevators can become a nuisance as you have to use your room key to access the elevator. I guess it provides that extra level of security but that's questionable as anyone can enter the elevator and push the floor number once any room card is used.Pool: is located on the wrong side of the building and you do not get any sun near the pool until 1:00 p.m.Pool area: closes at approximately 7:30 p.m. which leaves no place for patrons to sit, relax and enjoy the music from the club next door. There is no other place to sit and relax with the pool area closed but to go to other hotels who do let patrons sit by the pool and relax even with their pool closed. This to me is a drawback and a real disappointment. Several elderly people who were just sitting and relaxing were even asked to leave the area because the pool is closed. Where else can a person go to relax but to other hotels. While in Waikiki you do not want to be confined to your room but relaxing in the outdoor air. I have addressed this problem with the hotel itself but they do not seem to have any interest in changing their policy. Pity.Tiki's restaurant and bar located near the pool area can become a bit loud during the night with the music from the bar. After a few days you get accustomed to it and tend to live with it. Overall, on a scale of 1 - 10 I would give this hotel a 4.5. I would not stay there again but at nearby hotels that do let their paying customers sit and relax later that 7:30 or 8:00 p.m.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	3	3	1	

<Author>Lynnie661
<Content>Great value at the ResortQuest Waikiki       View from the double room lanai.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>capoeira_girl
<Content>Great hotel! It is located right next to the beach, all you have to do is cross a street and you are there. And the price is very decent, especially compared to the prices of the hotels that are directly on the beach. Greate ocean view from the balcony, even though we had a standard room and not ocean view room. Breakfast included in your stay. Decent pool, nice room. By the way, I absolutely have to mention the amasing matress we had in our room.So to summarize, the location - 4.5 stars (almost right on the beach, close to shopping and entertainment), room and view - 4 stars, service - 4 stars, price - 5 stars. Would definitely recommend this hotel  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>wozasmith
<Content>Loved it!!!       Sunset view from the balcony  
<Date>Nov 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>calster
<Content>Nice Location I've stayed at many properties on Waikiki and this one is in a great location across from the beach on the Diamondhead side.As people have reviewed, the staff are incredibly polite and friendly. Kris called our room about 15 minutes after our arrival to make sure our oceanfront room met our expectations. It did. As mentioned previously, the bed is so comfortable it was hard to generate enough energy sometimes to escape its gravitational pull. The noise is an annoyance, but no worse than an oceanfront room in Copacabana or Nice. The gym is quite small with just a couple of treadmills/bikes/etc. and some dumbbells. Was always full and had people waiting. The longest wait for an elevator was a full 3 minutes. Breakfast, although free, was o.k. Since they only serve for 2 hours, the frenzy of patrons trying to get their food was quite disconcerting. We didn't bother trying after the first day. I'd rather pay for a quick meal than fight people in the mad dash. It would probably be less of a chaotic mess if the breakfast times were extended a little. Overall, was a great location. A little generic. Didn't really feel like anything special. The staff were incredibly friendly and knowledgeable.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Maggie0888
<Content>Not so much...... When we first checked in the person was very rude and not at all what we had been told to expect as far as being even somewhat friendly. This was a huge surprise for us. The rooms were VERY small but clean. Had an issue with all the noise from the Tiki bar. It sounded like a frat party between the music and noise of the other guests. We did get moved to a different floor first thing the next morning and that was much better. The breakfast crew was wonderful and very nice. Breakfast is from 6:30 to 8:30 only so no chance to sleep in if you want breakfast on the beach so to speak. The elevators were a big issue for everyone. Sometimes they worked....sometimes they had a mind of their own. Was sad to see all the homeless wondering around digging into garbage cans in downstairs lobby/Valet area. This is a nice place for the young looking to party crowd. Wouldn't recommend it for anyone who wants a quiet relaxing stay.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	2	4	1	-1	-1	

<Author>AL81
<Content>ResortQuest met all expectations! My boyfriend and I stayed at Resortquest Waikiki Beach Hotel for 3 nights in the beginning of our trip to Hawaii. We checked into our oceanview room and was very surprised by the very small size of the room. We went back down to the reception desk and luckily there were jr. suties available. We upgraded for a small charge and it was a much better size! Besides the location the best part of this hotel was definetely the bed! It was one of the most comfortable hotel beds I have ever slept in. Breakfast on the Beach was convenient, but the quality and variety were only average. By the third day, we were already tired of the breakfast selection and if we were staying longer would probably have found something else for breakfast. I did not care for the competing activity desks and would have prefered a concierge working for the hotel that could help us without being pushy and charging extra fees. Overall though, RQ Waikliki Beach Hotel did not dissapoint, but unlike Maui we will probably not be coming back to Oahu anytime soon.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>travel_squirt
<Content>Great for waikiki on the beach       view from diamond head  
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	4	1	

<Author>FarminRaeRae
<Content>Not Very Happy This was the second hotel my husband and I stayed at during our honeymoon. We were first in Maui for 6 nights - then came here for 4. It was a bit of shock. There were so many people running around this hotel at all time, that I felt like I was on spring break. the rooms were very small - but - the bed was the most comfortable thing we've ever slept in! they did have nice flat screen tv's and a mini fridge, but you had to pay to use the safe. Upon arrival, we had someone come to our room with complimentary hawaiian cookies - which was a nice tough. *but, we were on our honeymoon, so we didn't appreciate being bothered. we had a partial ocean view room which mainly looked over the pool. there was no smoking ANYWHERE on the premisis. They had an activities counter, which was 4 different companies all competng for your business, which was kind of weird. They had internet, but you had to pay to use the computer's.On the plus side, there were lots of stores and restaraunts all within a stones-throw of the hotel. The transportation system was nice and we liked the free trolley that went to Hilo Hattie's. We never went to the beach while we were there b/c there were bums and homeless people everywhere begging you for money. Not to mention, it smelled like urine. The hotel itself was just very confusing and large. The pool area wasn't good for tanning b/c the building were so high, it blocked all the sunlight. The breakfast on the beach was pretty good, but it is a misconception that you can actually eat on the beach. We normally took ours back to our room.I would never stay at this hotel again, although we would never go back to Oahu either. the maid service never left us with enough towels, and they always would open up all the blinds after we had clearly wanted them shut! all in all - you get what you pay for!  
<Date>Nov 6, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	-1	4	-1	1	

<Author>jcl12
<Content>Great hotel       Waikiki beach  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>daisy_mtl
<Content>Good Value! My husband and picked this hotel for our honeymoon and we are very happy. It's located a the end of the Waikiki strip where it is a bit less busy but still walking distance from everything. We even walked from the hotel to the top of Diamond Head (it is a good hike). The service was very good, the staff was friendly and the morning breakfast made life much simpler. Note that breakfast on the beach really is: they provide us with a lunch bag in which we can take the food to the beach since the beach is public. The Tiki's Grill  Bar restaurant is good for dining and the Wolfgang Puck's is perfect for lunch.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>bruinbud
<Content>Location Awesome! Loved Breakfast @ the Beach! My best buddy and I visited Oahu for two nights this summer completely enjoyed our stay at the ResortQuest. The location is awesome- close to everything we needed! Although it's not exactly beachfront, there is no hotel in front to block the glorious views of Waikiki Beach. The hotel is located in the southern edge of Waikiki, which is great b/c there is less traffic/noise. A short 5 minute walk from the major stores. Check-in was a breeze and the receptionist honored our request for a view of Waikiki Beach. The room was a little on the small side, but ok for us 2 guys. The decoration was in a bright cheery hawaiian floral motiff. Loved the breakfast buffet. We even had a breakfast to-go and ate at the beach. Wonderful. Would love to stay here again next year. Aloha.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>sandflea25
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Value!! My husband and myself had the pleasure of staying at the Resort Quest Beach Waikiki from October 15-24, 2008. We had a partial ocean view room that had a great unobstructed view of Waikiki beach. Our room was 1622, which was on the 16th floor, Diamond head side. Since we were celebrating our anniversary, we were offered an upgrade to an ocean view room on the other side of the building but we declined because it was 2 full size beds. I did not regret keeping the king bed room at all. It was great. Wonderful,comfortable bed; plenty of space for both of us; lots of drawer and closet space; room safe large enough for a laptop and all our other electronics; mini fridge; flat screen TV; excellent air-conditioning that kept our room at a constant 70 degrees. The balcony was not big enough for a chair, though. The other side had the larger balconies with chairs and the pool view. The bathroom was small, but not a problem for the two of us. Room was cleaned promptly each day.After hearing all the negative comments on the elevators, I feel that I must say that all in all we did not have too much trouble with them. If you are quick about putting in your floor number, you are OK. If you are not quick, it goes to the floor that is asking for it because it thinks it is empty. Simple enough. Also, each morning by the elevators were complimentary daily newspapers. Very nice. The breakfast on the beach (BOB) was really nice. The first morning, I met an older couple in the elevator that told me I was in for a treat and they were right! It is not elaborate, but it is not intended to be a buffet breakfast. It is just simple, good food. Always great coffee, juices, fruit, yogurts, cereals, rolls or muffins and either french toast sticks, hawaiian breakfast sandwiches or scrambled eggs. Very nice people greeting you each morning and keeping the food restocked. One morning I accidently spilled my juice and the gal was so nice about it. Actually, everyone was exceptionally nice. The front desk staff was so pleasant and helpful. We could always count on the valets to bring our car promptly and safely. They were very helpful with driving directions and would always greet us with a 鈥渨elcome back鈥?when we returned. One day we asked for window cleaner and they got it for us. Excellent service! Even the young man at the pool greeted me with a smile and fresh towels!! I can not say enough good things about the hard working staff.This is a not a luxury hotel, but it does not offer itself as such. It is a good solid value suitable for singles, couples and families. I will not hesitate to recommend this hotel to my friends and family and hope to return soon.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	-1	5	5	-1	

<Author>nicandmark
<Content>Pretty good for a hotel in Waikiki for the price...       NE View from Junior Suite (Level 15)  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>Run26miles
<Content>Great Location - good hotel We stayed at the RQ Waikiki Beach Hotel from September 27th-30th. The rooms looked small from the website so we booked a junior suite. We were located on the 7th floor with a view of Waikik Beach. The room was clean and comfortable. The hotel was not luxurious but was a good value with a comfortable bed. The complimentary breakfast was OK and was very convenient. We used the Expedia comcierge at the hotel to book some trips and Stacey was very helpful. The hotel is located at the Diamond Head end of Waikiki which I found to be a good mix of activity and quiet.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>wesmy40
<Content>Very Satisfied. We stayed at this hotel for 10 days in September and had a very positive experience. It is in a great location in the quieter end of Waikiki but yet within walking distance of everything else. Most tours pick up from outside the hotel as does the trolley for the Ala Moana Shopping Center. The breakfast buffet was very handy as it was very casual and provided snacks for the rest of the day while eating beside the pool with music and a dancer was very enjoyable. Our room was a standard room and provided all that we required, all in all a very pleasant stay.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>mickisofine
<Content>Disappointed After reading the reviews on TripAdvisor,and considering price  location, we decided to go ahead with this hotel. We were quite disappointed.First the positives: geat location, price, decent breakfast, hotel staff was very friendly  upgraded us to a partial ocean view room when no king room was availableNegatives: Room was quite small and in desperate need of remodel-especially the bathroom. Our shower unit was coming away from the wall  the vent in the bathoom badly needed cleaned. We had a partial ocean view room, but the balcony was so small, there was barely room for 1 person on it. The elevators seemed to give us trouble quite often. Sometimes our key would work  sometimes it wouldn't. We were also on the 11th floor  had quite long waits for the elevator to take us down. The pool was small  only in the sun for 1/2 the day due to all the buildings around the hotel. I also think the Breakfast on the Beach is very misleading. You cannot eat your breakfast on the beach due to the amount of birds that attack you. The food was decent, just make sure you find somewhere else to eat your meal.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	3	5	-1	

<Author>Jewlzcee
<Content>It was great We arrived at this Hotel at the end of September and were there for 9 nights. We were processed and in our room before the 3pm time and were very happy with the partial ocean view room which also had a great view of Diamond Head from our window. The room was clean and tidy. The staff were very helpful both at the reception and activities desks. The breakfasts, which were included in the price of the accommodation, were great. It is in a great location being right across the road from Waikiki Beach. The facilities at the hotel were all clean and well staffed. I would happily recommend this Hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>michaelcassidy2
<Content>LOVED IT My wife and I spent our vacation this past summer on Oahu and we stayed at this hotel. Our verdict: LOVED IT. So close to the beach, so close to the shops and other amenities, pick-up from outside the hotel for other attractions, very friendly staff, rooms clean and tidy. After all, what do people want. They want a clean, tidy place to rest their weary heads and bodies after a day's sightseeing. This hotel provided it. Thanks for a great time. We will return.Michael + Sharon CassidyEngland  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Sandbridger
<Content>You must be kidding.... We have just returned from our first trip to Hawaii--Oldest son was married in a destination wedding. We booked 7 of us, a package deal. The hotel was horrible. Elevators that only worked half of the time, old, drab decor in the rooms, smelled musty, no vent in bathroom--always damp and foggy, no coffee maker, no ironing board padding, channel changer that was replaced twice until we finally gave up, loud bar music every night, small lousy pool, and that wasn't even the worst of it.  This hotel boasts of a free continental-type breakfast that you can load up into a provided bag and take along with you to the beach or poolside etc.. What is not explained is that the atmosphere is cattle-call like--you must eat between 6:30-8:30. Staff will block off the area at exactly 8:30 so if you are planning on sleeping in--no soup for you!! Provided is small cereals, fruit cups, small muffins, yogurts, coffee  juices, and some sort of disgusting egg burrito or egg and cheese muffin wrapped freshly at 5:00 am and left out for you to grab amongst the 200 other breakfast diners. It was embarrassing, overcrowded. In addition, we called three times over the course of our stay due to our air conditioning not working. They explained that it shuts itself off by sensor--if you are not in the room it doesn't come on--much like those nifty paper towel holders in public bathrooms. On our last night, and out last attempt at sleep, we had to call maintainence at 12:45 a.m. to get the air going again. My husband was furious--if we could have left and stayed elsewhere we would have but our reservation was non-refundable.  Do yourself a big favor--the location of this hotel is its only saving grace. Hopefully we'll laugh about this in the future, but for now I am still shaking my head.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	2	1	1	

<Author>slimsmell
<Content>LOVED IT!!!!! My Daughter and I arrived at Resort Quest on Sunday night the 29th of September... As soon as we stepped off the plane we new we where going to love it in Hawaii..We got to our Hotel, and checked in, I asked for a room quite high and we got it, on Level 15 with an Ocean Front Room..... As soon as we opened the door we where breathtaken.... My daughter and I both looked at each other and said WOW This is FANTASTIC....We had the most amazing room.... All the reviews on it being small is just ridiculous!!! The room was of most descent size, and the Decor was just gorgeous!!! The shower flooded a little, but who cares, towels on the floor helped hehehe.....And as for the reviews on the Elevators, they where just fine.... maybe sometimes a little slow, and only once or twice!! but WHO cares!!!!!The breakfast every morning, was an absolute bonus!!! We loved it everyday!!I couldnt of picked a better hotel even if I tried!!..... I will deffinately be bringing my husband back to this place....I was there with only my 8 year old daughter for 5 days...as we were on a dancing trip from Australia and had been in LA the previous week, and as part of our package chose Hawaii to stay at on our way home back to Australia.I looked at Resort Quest Waikiki Beach Hotel on the Internet for Months before we left and am still convinced it was the Best Hotel, Best Position at Waikiki, and the Best value for money.....I Highly, Highly Recommend this Hotel...Thanks Resort Quest... I will most deffinately be back!!From one Happy Australian!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bri11164
<Content>Quality hotel great location       arizona memorial  
<Date>Sep 27, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>keysy001
<Content>Didn't have any problems We stayed at the Resortquest for 9 days last October. Yes i know it has taken me a while to write this. We didn't have any probles at all with this hotel. Our rooms were cleaned without a problem everyday, the hotel staff were friendly and helpful. There are tour desks in the lobby where you can book all your tours and they are really helpful. Tiki's restaurant was a great place to hang out and have a feed. The breakfasts each morning was a bit of a let down. FIne for the first few days but got very repetitive. We ate breakfast out a few mornings which was a nice change. There are plenty of places to do this. The pool was cold which meant the kids only lasted a little while. It doesn't get a whole heap of sun which is why it would be cold. There were plenty of chairs and the pool staff were fantastic. They were the best staff there and were willing for a chat everyday, towels were always replenished, pool area was always tidy. The rooms were small because there was four of us and two double beds but we didn't spend a whole heap of time there. All up we enjoyed our stay at the Resortquest.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	3	4	3	

<Author>shell_81_au
<Content>Beautiful Hawaii This hotel is in an A1 location and given that, is very reasonably priced given the rates at other beachfront properties. We stayed in an Ocean View room, and its hard to imagine having a bad day when waking to such a spectaular view of Waikiki Beach. The pro's for this hotel are definitely the location, the generous room size and the friendly and helpful staff who are always willing to assist. The Tiki bar is also a fun place for a late night beverage, giving the hotel a wonderful atmosphere in the evenings. For the purpose of balance, I have to say that the breakfast at the hotel has been reviewed negatively previously. I have to say that the concept itself is great, to be able to take your breakfast onto the beach. However the quality of the breakfast is a bit lacking. The food is not generally hot enough and there is a very limited selection. In addition, the rooms could do with a bit of a rennovation, they are somewhat dated, and the batrooms are cramped and have no vanities. All said, we had an excellent stay at this hotel, and I provide the negatives purely for constructive criticism, as with a little work, this could be a truely amazing hotel. I would happy return regardless.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	2	

<Author>MuskMichiganKristinM
<Content>Perfect Location!       view from our King room! Awesome!  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Elandil
<Content>Thumbs Up       Breakfast nook  
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bostik15
<Content>Better than expected!       Ocean Front View - Amazing  
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>hawke2hawaii
<Content>Fantastic!!!!!! okay well first let me say that i spent months on the net researching hotels before deciding to take the risky option of waiting until we got there and saw them for ourselves. Glad i did cause i may have not stayed here and its definately one of the better ones. Right off the plane from AUS hubby and i pretty much looked at ALL the beachfront hotels and then most of the ones a street back.it is location, Location that's for sure..... more up one end of the beach but everything is so close to walk to and that's all the fun in waikiki!Its not a 'resort' so wouldn't suit you if you want that but i love my resorts and i was soooo happy here. Room 1523 (oceanview/2 double beds) $171AUS with free continental breakfast....PROS: Location is fantastic, restaurant/bar (Tiki's) downstairs with great atmosphere. VERY quiet if the door to the lanai is closed and you need air con so you have it closed anyway.Great room, modern, very comfy beds, good bathroom, clean and nice.CONS: the only one i would say is breakfast. It was pretty dismal, cereal, fruit and mini muffins BUT its free and the concept is good.If i went back to waikiki i would without a doubt stay here, for what we wanted (modern, clean room with a great view and close to everything) it was ideal! Oh and most of the free (or $2) trolleys stop here!Happy travelling  
<Date>Sep 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Jill003
<Content>I am going back next year! I spent lots of time and effort researching my accommodation in Waikiki, it was worth it. If you are looking for a 5 star, this is not the hotel, but it makes up for that in many other ways. The price and the position is amazing. On check in I was upgraded to an ocean view without asking, the room was great with a really authentic hawaiian theme with big comfy beds and a great view over the beach.My daughter and I had a dream holiday that we will never forget. We loved the Tiki Bar downstairs at the hotel with its red lanterns and mai tais in coconut shells.The only negative I could find is the Breakfast on the Beach, not enough variety and would rather a sit down brekky.On leaving I accidently left my credit card behind and when I reached my next destination in Kuaiu I realized I had left it at the ResortQuest. Lillian, the Front Desk Supervisor kindly fed-exed it on to my hotel the next day, she was great.I am now planning my next holiday at the ResortQuest for the rest of the family for next year.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>travellingdani
<Content>LOVED ITTTTT!!!! The Hotel was amazing! We stayied there for our honeymoon and totally loved it!The staff did everything they could to accomodate us. We stayied there for a total of 11 nights. They were the only hotel to offer breakfast FOR FREE! The rooms where beautiful, comfortable and CLEAN a little small but perfect! Every room had a balcony, and even if you booked the 'partial oceanview' it seemed like you got the 'ocean front'The pool is a little small but the beach is a 20 second walk.I would def. go back any day!!  
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jordan2333
<Content>Awesome Place To Stay My wife and I visited Hawaii for the first time and loved our stay here. I had read the reviews and was a little worried about the place. When we got there we were treated really good. We were even given a complimentry bottle of wine to celebrate our Honeymoon. I liked that the hotel was in the heart of everything. I give thumbs up to the staff. If I had to give one suggestion to the Hotel Management it would be this, we had a room right next to an ice machine so it was loud at times so I suggest you move them. Not a good idea to have them right in front of doors and our toilet was a bit on the broken side. Other than that I know the hotel is being worked on and I would tell anyone I know to stay here. I would and will return soon!  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>vacat1
<Content>Don't waste your money to upgrade to "Partial Ocen View" room We booked our room with Partial Ocen View, because we saw the advertised Partial Ocen View pictures show nice view of Waikiki beach. But it turned out differently after we checked in a room. In order to to view the ocean, we need to stay at the corner of the room to see it. or We only can view it from the tiny long balcony. You only can view 30-40 degree angle of the ocean, unlike the advertisement of Partial Ocean View. Don't waste your money to upgrade your room to Partial Ocean View.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>1	3	3	4	3	3	3	1	

<Author>Ronald_1971
<Content>Excellent hotel near the beach ! We stayed at the Resort Quest Waikiki Beach Hotel for four nights on our first trip to Hawaii. This hotel is great value for money, most friendly staff and we had an excellent king size bed on which we slept really well. Our room had a nice partial ocean view, on which we were complimentary upgraded (we booked a saver room). Balcony was little small though (on the other side of the hotel you have bigger ones on which you can sit). Nice big screen LCD TV, free wireless internet in the pool area and this included lovely breakfast on the beach concept. You get a breakfast bag (which you may keep as a souvenir) and you can choose to have your bite either in the pool area or on the beach. Nice selection of breakfast items, fresh fruit, yoghurt, cereals, different juices and much more and constantly being replenished so if you arrive at the end of the breakfast hours still much to choose from, we just missed some simple bread or toast (for the healthy minded). They also have a very nice fitness room. If RQ Waikiki Beach keeps up its current price/quality ratio this will definitely be our choice again on our next trip to Hawaii ! Tip: if you arrive from airport the Airport shuttle takes you fast to the hotel for just USD 9 per person !  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>5	3	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>WorldTraveler751
<Content>It was okay We arrived on a Sunday morning. After a long flight, check-in took 15 to 20 minutes which was most unimpressive. The staff is very friendly but I would have expected a faster check-in. The rooms were okay and could have used fresh paint as well as the vents in the bathrooms should have been clean.Our room had a view of Waikiki Beach which was nice. This was our first time visiting Oahu so we decided to stay in the tourist area although we did rent a car for a day to visit North Shore.The breakfast in the mornings consisted of muffins, french toast sticks, cereal, yogurt, breakfast burritos etc. My tip would be not to eat the breakfast burritos because the eggs tasted really weird. Other than that the breakfast was great. You have the option of taking your breakfast to the beach which is really nice to watch the waves while eating.The workout area was great. There were 3 treadmills, 2 elliptical machines, one bicycle and a few free weights. The workout room was never crowded when I went.Check out was a breeze and only took 2 minutes. I think next time we will stay in the North Shore area away from the tourist trap known as Waikiki Beach  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	2	1	3	-1	

<Author>Toronto_CanadaEws
<Content>Great Second Trip to RQWB Hotel We were first introduced to this hotel when my wife and I booked a 3 1/2 week visit to the islands in September of 2007. When we returned home our daugther asked if we would take her to Hawaii. We booked a 2 week trip in August of 2008 trough our travel agent but I also talked directly with the hotel regarding my room request. When we arrived we were given a corner ocean front room on the 7th. floor as we requested. The room was a little larger than the standard rooms which was great for 3 of us. We were greeted with a bottle of bubbly in the room and friendly smiles at the front desk. When we stayed at this hotel in 2007 we became friends with Stephanine (front desk/office) and her better half Saul (pool guy). Stephanine and Saul took us out to dinner to celebrate our return this time and have now become very good friends. We will need to return soon to take them out to dinner. During my visits to this hotel I can not find one thing to complain about with the hotel or the staff. The staff on the front desk were always very helpful and greated you with a smile. Jenine in the office checked up with us that our room etc was ok. Del and Kimo (pool guys) always had fresh towels for you and would bring them right to your lounge and set up the umbella and lounges for you. The location of the hotel is excellent and all the staff were great. I would like to thank Stephaine, Jenine and Del for another great vacation. Overall we rate this hotel as one of, if not, the best hotel on the Waikiki strip and look forward to returning for another vacation in the next year or two.Thanks again to all the staff at the RQWB hotel.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Volocty
<Content>Waikiki is action packed!       Sunset from our balcony  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	4	2	

<Author>SAROUR
<Content>Awesome hotel  This is an awesome hotel for the price and close to everything and righ across the street from Waikiki Beach. The rooms were nice and updated and awesome views of the ocean. The hotel staff was incredibly friendly and helpful. Once of the main reasons we stayed here was because of the On the Beach breakfast and it was a nice feature. Although if you don't get down to the pool area by 8:30, the majority of hot items are gone so get there between 6:30-8:30. They had everything, even fountain pop! I am not a coffee drinker so that was a nice suprise. Great fruit, a ton of juices, muffins, cold cereal, hot items was usually french toast sticks, scrambled eggs or these ham and egg sandwiches. The best part is that everything is packaged to go so it was great. Lots of restuarants and shopping for many blocks. Whatever you need, you will find.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>55555f
<Content>Baddddddddddd this hotel was horrendoues. we got a room near the ice machine and switched which took 7 hours because an infant threw up in the room which we were about to get. Lucy  a terrible employee made us go to the 25 floor and gave us a room next to the ice machine which AGAIN we had to switch. THE breakfast was extrodanry. the drinking water was super disgusting and i even found a dead mouse under my bed. this hotel is BADDDDDD however the queen sized bed was comforting.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	5	

<Author>rv42545
<Content>first time to hawaii we arrived on june 17th. for our first four days in hawaii. the resort quest hotel on waikiki beach was great. upon check in we were upgraded from partial ocean view to ocean view. the view from our balcony was breathtaking. the breakfast to go was really time saving not to mention the saving in cash. our room was very clean and freshened up daily while we were gone. the outdoor bar was the place to be at night to enjoy the music and watch the strollers on the street below. when we return, there is no doubt the resort quest on waikiki will be our choice. you can't go wrong. the long trip from indiana was well worth it.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>yaak04
<Content>Rude! Rude! extra Rude! We had spent 5 days in beautiful Maui at a resortQuest Condo had a great experience. Arrive at the hotel in Oahu and we were treated rudely by a Kris who informed us he'd call us when our room was ready. We inquired about a late checkout and were informed that it wasn't likely since they were double booked. How does that happen? Unadvised of the late check in we were not prepared to wait the 3 hours so we had to search for bathing suits in our luggage, while the porters laughed at us. At about 4 I inquired about our room and were informed - rudely, with a finger being shaken in my face that the adjoining room was still being cleaned. I requested a manager . I explained of our situation and that 'Kris was being rude. I asked to get the later checkout since I was being inconvenienced and was threatened with security. Yes security. Now I got a little upset and used a few inappropriate words. We were left a message after being given a room at 4:30(check-in is 3pm and we'd been there since 11:30am), That due to my inappropriate words, we would not be allowed a late check out. As a side note the Expedia rep on site did not call us about any of the tours that we inquired with her. I will not go back to this place even if it were free!  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>1	3	3	3	3	1	2	-1	

<Author>Csakzsu
<Content>Hotel OK, but nothing extraordinary The hotel is ok, as written before it is a bit dated. As this was the first time in Waikiki, I was a bit disappointed by this, I always thought that Hawaii is very extraordinary and also the hotels. The hotel was clean and generally staff was helpful.The BoB is something unique, we knew it would not be gourmet, but a very good idea. But it is not environment friendly. You use lot of plastic things every day. I think it would be a great idea to make a recycling bin to collect all the plastic or to find another solution. (Corn cups not plastic ones...).Unfortunately the start of our stay was a negative experience. (maybe this story is also a reason why I did not find the place excellent) When we arrived early we could check in immediately in one room. (+) At the front desk, the person in charge was not nice at all. ( If I compare it with some other persons we have met during our stay later in the hotel). Our room was on the corridor part of the hotel (That means rooms from 1-8). My problem was that on each corridor an ice machine is placed which are very very loud. So when we went down to the front desk to find another room further away from the ice machine, we fortunately met a very helpful desk member who gave us another room. This room was better on first look. But than, we realized that the toilet was flushing. So they sent someone up who wanted to repair it. In the meantime we went to the beach and when we came back, the toilet was still flushing. So we had to ask again. After it was repaired, the room started the shake. We did not know what it was, when we found out that this room was just next to the elevators. So every time when the elevator was moving the room was shaking (Room number 11). So we complained again. For the money we have paid we did not want to stay in a room which feels like an earthquake. All we wanted to have was a quite room with or without ocean view. But to end our story with a happy end, we got a room (nr 29) at the very last end of the hotel, far from elevators and ice machine . This was the perfect room for us. So I just can advise to stay in these rooms. We had even a small balcony to the ocean.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>kelbell724
<Content>Had a great time My husband and I were married on Oahu on July 29th 2008. We stayed at the Resortquest Waikiki Beach Hotel. We were upgraded to a Junior Suite on the 17th floor. We had family members staying at the same hotel and they were in regular hotel rooms so I can discuss both. We were all on the same floor which made it nice. The junior Suite was nice and spacious the decor was fun and bright. We had a great view of Waikiki Beach. My in laws were on the opposite side of the hall and they also had a view of the ocean. These rooms was also nicely decorated and seemed to be enough space for two people. To be truthful we were so busy we did not spend a lot of time in the room. If we were relaxing we would go to the beach that was right across the street. There was daily maid service and the room I found to be clean. The breakfast is good. It is nice not to have to worry about finding some place to eat in the morning. Before I left I read reviews about the elevator being slow. I never really noticed it being slow there are 24 floors in the hotel so you might have to wait but I never waited longer than 2 minutes. Once you get to Hawaii does time really matter? Just relax and enjoy your surroundings. We rented a car while we were there and the valet service was very nice, they were friendly and helpful with directions. The Tiki Bar is also part of the hotel. I had read hotel reviews stating that it was too loud at night. We were on the side of the Tiki bar and we could faintly hear it at night but we were always so tired that it did not matter. We spent a lot of time in the Tiki restaurant and we had a great time and enjoyed the music I saw other reviewers complain about. The Tiki Bar let us have a mini reception there. In a day notice they set up a big table outside on the patio for us and stored our cake till we were ready for it. The food was good and it was a nice little place to stop and have a drink out on the patio. In the hotel there was a wolf gang puck, subway, and a cold stone creamery. It was nice to have the subway so close I do not like a lot of fast food it was a nice quick lunch. We ate at Wolfgang puck twice and also enjoyed their food. We had a great time there and I would return to this hotel. It was a great location and in walking distance to the international market place.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>cheshirelass44
<Content>Great location Stayed in ocean front room with wonderful views over Waikiki Beach. As expected the room was not huge - but 2 double beds OK for self and 2 teenagers. Bathroom not huge but again adequate. BOB was a bonus as able to breakfast with this each morning (but come early - items run out and aren't replaced from about 9am).Location on Waikiki beach was ideal for us with excellent body boarding on beach across the road (many crossing points so never a problem). Tip - if staying for more than a couple of nights it's worth buying body boards from ABC stores (~$30) rather than renting ($20/day)Like all hotels on WB parking was valet only ($20/day) but was quick and friendly with directions to help us find our way.Internet access adjacent to lobby was costly with 2 teenagers keen to contact friends back home (20c/minute) with many $$$$ spent at these computers.Would recommend this hotel as a good value, beach front location.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Justinpianoman
<Content>Good hotel in nice location Great location - right by beach and Diamond Head.Pretty nice updated rooms, bathrooms not as much.Good breakfast included.Valet a little pricey - find parking on street.Nice activities for kids.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>hockeytravels
<Content>Great Place! Just returned. This place was excellent. Great location, within a half mile of the International Market, great resturants, and shopping. Biggest bonus, the Breakfast on the Beach and being directly across the street from the public beach! The rooms were small, but very clean (no cockroaches, not one was seen, for us this was a first), plus we had a partial ocean view, which was an amazing view of the beaches and ocean. . . . best partial view I have ever had! The staff was extremely responsive and helpful! Upon checking in, we found our tub was not clean, they sent someone up immediatly. We also had a small problem with the air conditioner, but the staff quickly fixed it! Tip, if you want to get the most of the Breakfast, get there early . . the hot items go fast! There are lots of elevators, so getting between the lobby and the rooms is easy! Great valet and bell staff! Extremely helpful! Finally, when booking activities, use the Pleasant Holiday staff in the lobby of the hotel, they are full of great tips and area very helpful in booking activitites! This is a great place! Mahalo!  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Ludmax
<Content>It's all about the view Our third trip to Waikiki; husband insistent on a balcony and a view. Discounted the posh places, and booked 6 nights here and were not disappointed. Decor is very Hawaiian and very pink, but we're not at home are we. The room was spacious (2 queen beds); bathroom a bit small and dated, but adequate. The balcony was large enough to have breakfast, or a bottle of wine and watch the surfers across the road, or the sunset over the beach. We were on the 17th floor overlooking the beach.The Breakfast on the Beach concept is a good one; you can usually find something to get you started (juice, cereal, fruit, yoghurt, pastries, 2 hot offerings, tea and coffee). The best part is that it is included in the price of the room. The hotel has lots of families, so it's best to take your breakfast to the beach or your room as the pool area at breakfast time can get a bit crowded. The location is great, close to everything; lots of buses and trolleys close by.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	-1	-1	

<Author>snowbirdsalaska
<Content>Great Hotel will stay here again This was our second stay at this hotel in two years. Both times it was wonderful. The staff including the maintence crew were especially nice. I got my sd card stuck in the tv and they came right up to remove it for me, they were so nice. The location is great, nice to just walk accross the street and your on the beach.We had oceanfront rooms for both stays one was on the 6th floor beautiful view but the band was a little loud at night, tolerable though. Our second stay we were on the 19th floor oceanfront. That was awesome the view was fantastic. We enjoyed the free breakfast. The pool seemed kind of small but nice. They have a guy that plays hawaiin music and a hula dancer while your eating your breakfast, they were great. Nice hotel very happy with it. Aloha  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>lindakCA
<Content>I Couldn't Have Picked a Better Hotel if I Tried       The beach across the street  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>rosendre
<Content>Wonderful Hotel This hotel is great for all, single or families. The room was clean and nicely decorated, the ocean front view is amazing and the breakfast on the beach is nice. I have nothing to complain about. The beach directly in front has a water break so it is nice for families. You don't have to worry about kids drifting out to sea. Tiki's Bar and Grill is not only convenient since it is on the property but it is really great. The mahi mahi tacos and the sandwich are both great. The mango mojito's are the best ever and the passion fruit vinaigrette is great. I can't wait to go back. When we do we will for sure be staying at the ResortQuest Waikiki Beach Hotel.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>travellamonde
<Content>Great Hotel Great Location Great Staff My wife and I booked this hotel via AAA and this was the first time we stayed on the Diamond Head side of Waikiki Beach. Didn't realize until after we stayed a few days that the location actually was better than anywhere else on the beach. It is quiet and convenient. Staff members were very warm and friendly, from housekeepers, maintenance workers, front desk clerks and everyone else on the property were all full of Aloha spirit. Matt at the front desk was exceptionally helpful. He was very nice, friendly and professional.The property was always clean and tidy. Room was beautifully decorated and the room size was comfortable. Everything was always orderly.We were very happy with our vacation staying at ResortQuest Waikiki Beach Hotel. We definitely will return to this hotel during our future visits to Oahu.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>goggs
<Content>Nice Hotel for Waikiki       Nice view from our room  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>3	5	3	5	4	4	-1	3	

<Author>StapletonCO
<Content>Awesome hotel on the best part of Waikiki We initially chose to go with the Hilton Hawaiian Village for our 7-day stay (for our 1-year anniversary) in Honolulu but due to major reservation problems on Hilton's behalf (online and on the phone) we decided it was not destined to be (plus if Hilton couldn't even get their reservation system working, what else couldn't they get to work) and so went with our second choice, that being Resortquest Waikiki Beach Hotel. The reservation process went flawlessly (got that Hilton? You missed out on about $3000 in revenue due to your own errors). We chose this hotel based mostly on other tripadvisor reviews and due also to this hotel being located on what we heard was 'the quiet part' of Waikiki (which it is indeed!).Anyhow, the check-in process was a breeze and although I had trouble operating the infamous dreaded elevators, my wife did not. And actually most people there didn't seem to have much trouble operating the elevators.The rooms are nice (meaning they are your standard room), the king bed was stupendously comfy and the lanai view (ocean view) towards the rest of Waikiki (as opposed to Diamondhead) was awesome.We had no qualms at all with the room except that streetnoise outside seemed to escape in through the joints in the sliding glass door out to the lanai. It wasn't a ton of noise coming in and with the A/C on you could hardly hear it but still some people who want library-like quiet might be pissed.At night we slept with earplugs in (habit formed from many vacations ruined by noisy guests in hallways or outside) and I would definitely recommend that just because the streetnoise in the morning (garbage trucks, delivery vans, tour vans, etc) really picks up and without earplugs it definitely can wake you up.The Breakfast on the Beach was the best thing about this hotel. Overall it seemed to be one notch above 'continental' in it's quality but we are not accustomed to eating anything better than cereal for breakfast, therefore having been provided with doughnuts (which go FAST mind you) and french toast sticks and any kind of juice/coffee was absolutely fantastic! Every morning we ate on the beach (beach towels provided there at the breakfast bar by the hotel, nice touch) and watched the beach come to life.I mentioned that this hotel is on the 'quiet' part of Waikiki, which is to say that there are no malls nor shopping centers nor marketplaces nor luau's nor major traffic that is present on the other parts of Waikiki. There are still plenty of people but it overall seemed much less crowded and therefore WAY more relaxing. It seemed that from the Resortquest Circle Hotel westward it got much more crowded and noisy. But from the 2-3 block stretch from the Resortquest Circle Hotel to this hotel, it was much quieter and more peaceful.Lastly here's some notes:-our anniversary dinner was at 'Orchids', a very nice restaurant in the Halekulani Hotel, and we received great service there. -Tiki's Grill and Bar at the Resortquest Waikiki beach hotel had alright food and alright service but nothing to write home about.-ABC Stores are everywhere you look.Overall, we will absolutely come back to Resortquest Waikiki Beach Hotel in the future (maybe for 2nd anniversary next year?) and will absolutely recommend this hotel to family/friends. You'd seriously have to be a fool with insane expectations to find serious flaws in this hotel. We only wish that we had gone to this hotel last year for our honeymoon (we instead went to East Winds Inn at St. Lucia in the Caribbean, where we spent a week surrounded by stuck-up English people and very rude St. Lucians; you can read my review somewhere on TripAdvisor's site).In closing, we very much so miss this hotel's Breakfast on the beach (on the beach) and this hotel's beds.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>LexiHouston
<Content>fresh,clean,terrific The location is fabulous! Two great swimming beaches,one for smaller kids and another for ages 7 and up who are decent swimmers,great body surfing beach.Free tasty breakfast at the hotel,buffet style you can eat by the pool or take to the beach which is just across the street,they give you a free tote.The beds were quite comfy with good quality pillows and sheets.Upon arrival at the hotel,we checked in and were greeted by Shigeiko; she flashed me such a big smile I was taken aback.she passed on her aloha spirit,I felt that right to my very heart,I went on to have an absolutely wonderful vacation to remember always. Ive always loved the state of Hawaii, Its a healing environment, a slower pace of life,how can a person be in Hawaii and not be happy,our vacations are what we make them.I had the right attitude and I had an absolutely heavenly vacation. Thank you so much to everyone at the resort-quest waikiki beach! Sincerely, Teri Irons  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>misty3005
<Content>Excellent Value and Location Booked the junior suite. Had an excellent view. Hotel was in a great location - close to Diamond Head and away from the construction area of Hilton Hawaiian Village. Hotel is directly across from quiet side of Waikiki Beach. Has swimming area for kids. Tide is low in the morning and chest high in the afternoon.Expedia desk was extremely knowledgeable and helpful in planning events. Kalei remembered me by name even several days later and remembered what I booked.Room was good size. Must say shower was a bit small, but adequate. Only suggestion would be to have coffee maker in room. Breakfast was adequate and laid out quite well. Try the Kona coffee with coconut. Yum. Starbucks is right around the corner but didn't have one at all when I was there.Hilo Hattie, Waikiki Trolley, and TheBus stops are located at the hotel.Tiki Bar at pool level plays music until about midnight, but who are we kidding...we're in Hawaii!! Time to sit back and enjoy yourself.Next door is the Hans Hedermann Surfing School. Very nice and patient instructors. Surfing is located across the street. Quite convenient!  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>INgirl60
<Content>Loved it!! My husband and I along with our 18 year old son spent 8 nights at this hotel. It was absolutely perfect. The location was great for us. We were close to the beach and the view was spectacular from our 24th floor lanai on the Honolulu side. We were within walking distance to shopping and entertainment yet not right in the middle of it, which was great for us. The rooms were small but who comes to Waikiki to hang out in the room? The staff was very friendly and helpful. The only complaint that we have is that the room was not as cool as we like it. We like to turn the air low. We really didn't have any trouble with the elevator, our cards worked well.We would definately recommend renting a car. The North Shore is beautiful. The valet service was very friendly, especially Jim, he was so helpful and very professional.We had a wonderful time and would recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>Ontheroadagain703
<Content>Pretty good for the $$$ Granted, my stay was a year ago, but I wanted to weigh in and offer a quick note that this was an acceptable hotel for the money with a fantastic location. I was there on business and took my 20 year old daughter along and we stayed there 9 days. I found the car valet staff to be very helpful (though Sat night is beyond crazy in there), and the breakfast to be adequate if you aren't treating it like your last meal (as it appeared many people expected it to hold them til dinner). The location is wonderful and my daughter found the beach across the street to be safe and pleasant, the zoo just a short walk, and shopping options plentiful. Yes, the room was tiny, so more than 2 people in there with 2 queen beds would be tight, but we managed ok. We did have a slow drain in the tub, but management sent up a plumber quickly and he took care of the situation and cleaned the tub thoroughly. I found the staff throughout the hotel to be very nice. Yeah, it's not the fanciest hotel on Waikiki, but, for the money, I thought it was entirely decent.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Lyrycyst
<Content>Don't be fooled. This is an amazing hotel! My wife and I enjoyed our honeymoon at the ResortQuest of Waikiki Beach. The hotel was very fun, full of life, stylish, and had incredible amenities including our favorite, breakfast on the beach which we wish every hotel could do. Check in was easy, service was great, and we never wanted to leave. They even left us champagne when they found out we were newlyweds.I am sad to see bad reviews for this hotel, because they don't reflect any of our experience with ResortQuest. We wouldn't have picked any other hotel for our honeymoon. It's sad that some people leave bad reviews in hopes that they are invited back to make up for their experience. As for us, we would book this hotel again in a heartbeat. Thanks ResortQuest for an amazing honeymoon.Steven and Chelsea CooperKansas City, Missouri  
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>traveltosun
<Content>An honest review of an awesome place! I was very disappointed to see the negative reviews for this place. I am very late in writing this review, but I felt I should share the positive experience we had. I was in Honolulu for a convention for 4 days. My family accompanied me, and we had a total of 3 rooms. We picked this place as we like the zoo end better, because of the beach area and it is far less congested. All 6 of us concluded we would recommend this hotel to anyone! Cons: We had an issue with check in. They gave my parents a room key for a room that someone was already in! A bit annoying as this was the only one of our rooms that was ready when we checked in, so we had hauled luggage for 6 people up to the 13th floor to leave it until the other rooms were ready. It was quite a suprise when we opened the door to find there was someone else's luggage in the room! We lugged everything back to the check in desk where we straightened everything out. They gave us a $50 resort credit as compensation for our trouble, which helped make up for the inconvenience and lost hour of our time. The reviews about the room size are true. They are very small, and I would definately not want more than 2 people in them. However, I didn't come to Hawaii to sit in my room. The balcony DOES hold more than 1 person. I know this as 4 members of my family sat outside drinking their wine and watched the Hilton fireworks show! If you're looking to have dinner from your balcony or throw a party, then my suggestion would be to rent a condo or go to a restaurant. There is no air conditioning in the halls or elevators. This wasn't a huge deal, but a little uncomfortable when you have your arms full with shopping bags and/or luggage. We also had an oceanfront room, which was at the very end of the hall.PROS: The staff was very friendly. I came back to my room to gather some things, and the maid was cleaning it. She asked for my room key so she could put it in my door to make sure it was really my room. Some may find this annoying, but I was thrilled she was looking out for my belongings. The beds are WONDERFUL! We met for breakfast the next a.m.  all of us ranted  raved about how good we slept. My mom actually pulled the sheets off her bed to see what kind of mattress it was! While the rooms are small, they are newly renovated and very clean. There are large flat panel tv's in the rooms, and all new furniture including a fridge. Each morning they serve free breakfast by the pool! It isn't a full buffet breakfast, but a couple of steps above a continental breakfast. There is the usual fruit, pastries, muffins, cereal, yogurt, but also a couple of hot items as well and many beverage selections. Each room has portable coolers when you check in. These are awesome, because you can gather fruit, yogurt, etc. to take to your room for later. My family met at the pool every a.m. and enjoyed breakfast together, read the newspapers they provide and listened to the live musician playing soothing hawaiian music. It was a wonderful way to start our day. The location is perfect! Our ages ranged from 30's to 60's. We wamted a place close to everything, but not right in the middle of a bunch of buildings and noisy bars/clubs. This place provided just that. There were several dining options within steps. Tiki's is on site and provides beautiful ocean views, Wolfgang Puk's  Subway are on the street level below, Lulu's is on the 2nd floor of the hotel next door, and there is a Starbucks next door as well! The pool deck is very nice and looks right out at the ocean. I also wanted to note that I was in Honolulu again this past December for a girls getaway. I took my friend to the RQ to show her the pool deck  I noticed the patio furniture was all new and had nice chair pads on all of the loungers. Great addition!! I would highly recommend this hotel. We had a wonderful experience, and we all loved it! I will be back in Honolulu next December running the Honolulu Marathon with a group of friends, and this will be my first choice for our hotel reservation!Tip: There is an ABC store on the street level at the hotel next door (you will actually see hundreds of them!). They have every beverage imaginable and snack foods. You can save some money by buying your own beverages and enjoying them on your balcony versus sitting in the bar and payingt $5 for a beer--it may be even more now!Also, if you're in to trinket  gift shopping go to the Aloha Stadium for the swap meet. It is about 1/2 hour away, but there is a tour company that has roundtrip shuttle service for $6-8 (may be more now?). I can't remember the name of it, but they have a booth in the Park Shore lobby right next door.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>ddvaca
<Content>Noisey, bad BOB My wife and I stayed at the ResortQuest Waikiki Beach Hotel at the end of June. On our arrival, everything went smooth and the staff was friendly and efficient. We went to our room and found that housekeeping was still cleaning the room so we went back to the front desk. A supervisor apologized for the inconvenience and said she was 鈥渦pgrading鈥?us to a better room. The new room had an ocean view which wasn鈥檛 bad but it was located right above Tiki鈥檚 bar and had 2 double beds instead of the king we had requested when we made our reservation. Since we were tired from our flight we thought we would give the room a try. Needless to say, the noise from Tiki鈥檚 and trying to sleep on a small bed was horrible and we got little sleep that night. The next day after returning from Pearl Harbor we went back to the front desk to see if we could change rooms. After watching the guy behind the counter play with his keyboard for 10 minutes he told us the only thing available would cost us an additional $60 a night! We told him we wouldn鈥檛 pay any more for another room and that we had requested a king bed and a room on a higher floor and his response was that rooms are not guaranteed. So after another 5 minutes of keyboard punching he said a room with a king bed would be available the next day which we said would be fine. Then he informed us that in order to change rooms we would have to check out the next morning and recheck in after 3pm! We thought that this was very unusual and questioned him to see if we heard him correct and was again told the same thing. Being quite irritated with this guy, we said okay and went to our room. After we got to our room, we decided that checking out and back in again was a disaster waiting to happen with this place. My wife called the front desk and spoke to a supervisor and explained the situation and was told that we did not have to check out and back in again and to just keep our belongings in the room until we were ready to switch rooms. The next day we hoped that the third times a charm, well lets just say that we did get a king bed with a just little less noise. We decided that since it was our anniversary we weren鈥檛 going to let the poor service ruin our trip.The next disappointment was the breakfast on the beach or BOB for short. The selection of breakfast items was nothing like the brochures or website led you to believe. It had the basic continental breakfast items, coffee, juice, milk, cereal, pastries, yogurt, bagels (no cream cheese!), and fruit cups, along with some oriental items. Then there was this cold egg substance that was either rolled in a tortilla, on a bun, or in a plastic container with cold greasy tater tots that were really quite nasty and I almost forgot, the cold french toast sticks. Burger King across the street was an inexpensive breakfast if you were looking for breakfast that actually had meat. The rooms are a bit on the small side. Even with just 2 people and luggage the room is cramped to move around in. The elevators seem to just do whatever. They go up when the arrow says going down and if you don鈥檛 get your card in the slot and floor selected quickly you get to go all the way to the top floor then back down to the lobby and then maybe back to your floor.On an upside, what you see in the brochures and website is what you get as far as the d茅cor of the hotel and the rooms go. The rooms were clean except for the very dusty vents and the king bed was comfortable for a hotel bed and with the exception of keyboard guy the staff was friendly and helpful. There was a Wolfgang Puck Express which had tasty pizza and sandwiches and a Subway and Coldstone at the hotel. The location across the street from the beach was a plus and a lot of the tour buses picked up at the hotel. The hotel was within walking distance of shopping or you could catch free shuttles to Hilo Hatties, Aloha Towers, or the Ala Moana shopping center. For a few dollars you can arrange a shuttle to the Aloha Stadium Flea Market which has great prices on souvenirs.Overall, we were very disappointed with our choice of hotel. The good points just were not enough to outweigh the bad. My wife and I both work in businesses where customer service and solving problems quickly and efficiently are a must, so the treatment we received from the guy at the front desk left a really bad impression on us. Next year we鈥檒l spend the little extra for one of the higher rated hotels.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	2	2	2	4	

<Author>nebraska63
<Content>Very small, understaffed Spend the few extra dollars and stay at the Marriott across the street. Immediately at check in we knew we were in trouble. We were initially told there was no room available, then there was a room available, but no king bed. They also told us they do not guarantee bed types, which we know they do because we made the reservation directly with the hotel. Next, the room was available and it had a king bed. Now if he were discussing this with his managers, colleagues or housekeeping while we were there this may have made more sense, but all of these unavailabe, available, unavailable issues happened while he was standing right in front of us. We got the impression he was attempting to see what he could get by with giving us. Upon entering the room, the temperature was a sultry 78 degrees. We turned down the thermostat and headed for the beach. When we returned several hours later, it was still 78 degrees. We called maintenance and they came up and bypassed the thermostat controls in the room which apparenty do not allow you to change the temperature of the room by more than a degree or two. It also shuts down while you are out of the room by a motion sensor built in to the thermostat, so don't expect to show up after a hot day of shopping or sunning on the beach to a refreshingy cool room. And don't expect to open the door to your tiny lanai and get some air, the door stops have been moved allowing the door to be opened a couple feet for some reason. Don't dismiss the reviews telling you these rooms are small. They are not an exaggeration. After the king bed and 1/2 dresser are in the room, there is a very small walking path on each side of the bed and at the foot of the bed, a walkway to the door and a VERY cramped bathroom. There is no space in this room, we had difficulty finding a place for 2 suitcases. I cannot imagine how people stay here with children. The valet staff is unfriendly and SLOW... whatever you do, don't forget your valet ticket or you'll spend 5 minutes explaining to the valet attendant that you don't want to ride their quirky elevators back up 15 floors to get the little yellow paper. The only positive comment I have on this hotel is that the rooms were pretty clean.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>can1972
<Content>Wonderful stay The Resort Quest, Waikiki Beach Hotel has the perfect location in Waikiki. The beach is across the street and is protected by a seawall. It is like swimming in a giant ocean swimming pool. We had no real issues with the elevators or room keys. Our room was nicely furnished, the bathroom was more than adequate but might be considered small by some standards. The breakfast on the beach is a fantastic extra. There are many items to choose from, fruit, yogurt, cereal, pastries, doughnuts, bagels, generous selections of juices, drinks, and a few hot items. This is not for people who like to be served individually, but a fantastic bargain for guests traveling in groups or with children. The relaxed atmosphere of the breakfast added to the atmosphere of open air lobby of the hotel. The housekeeping was excellent and the hotel itself was very clean. I want to stress the location again. You are near everything but at the more quiet end of the beach. This hotel is very affordable and we hope to return someday.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ciaobella37
<Content>Perfect experience!!!       Hotel at night  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>journey99
<Content>Good Choice If Looking For Moderate Budget This hotel is probably one of the best if you are looking for value with a moderate budget in Waikiki. With that you must realize this hotel will not compare to other resorts above 3 stars for Hawaii standards. I stay in Waikiki on business about 6-8 times a year, and have stayed at just about all of the hotels. I decided to try the RQ Waikiki Beach as I prefer the location near the Park and the Zoo as it is less congested and has the best driving access to the freeway H1. The Good: value for price - an Oceanview room for $159 is an excellent value. The location - directly across the street from the best beach on Waikiki and the park. Affordable decent eats (Wolfgang Puck, Subway, Coldstone) are connected to the hotel. The staff are all very friendly and trying to be accomodating. Tiki's has great food although resort prices. Would suggest requesting a balcony table as inside is noisy,The Wish They Could Change: The room sizes are fairly small by hotel standards. I was in a standard oceanview room on the 23rd floor facing Waikiki which was 225 square feet including the balcony in a 2 queen bedded room. For me and another adult - it was a little cramped and I cannot imagine a family of four in the standard room. It would be a little challenging - sort of like a cruise ship room - tiny bathroom, and other than the beds no where to relax in room. The balconies have great views, but they are so tiny only 1 person can be out there at a time, actually there is only 1 chair - and I never observed anyone out relaxing on balcony. The room is clean. The air-conditioning unit does not cool the entire room - it just blows cold air as it is tied to a motion detector.The Bad: The flow of the hotel and those elevators. Ok management, there has been enough feedback here and at the hotel. It's time to fix this. The card-key required elevators have a problem with the card readers in several specific elevators. Some work fine, but most do not. The staff says that the problem is because the guests accidently de-magnitize the keys with cell phones and credit cards. Not true. The keys work fine in the hotel room doors, but not in the elevators. What this boils down to is a rediculous procedure that can be frustrating when you use elevators. I probably only swiped my card 20% of the time I stayed there because you just get on and wait for someone that has a card that works and everyone pushes their numbers. I observed about 60-70% of the time, peoples cards didn't work. Enough on that - it's rediculous - and there is absoulutely no reason (security etc.) for a hotel this size with limited elevators to be card-keyed. Management: get the clue: remove the card readers!Also noteworthy is the wierd flow in this hotel that makes you feel like you are at an airport - queing up to get to place a and b. Most of the elevators stop at the lobby on the second floor - where you have to get out and take another elevator down 1 floor or take the escalator (which most people do). Interesting that this requires that you walk past 3 large tour selling desks each time. Felt like an intentional design to me. Anyways, prepare to feel like you are always schlepping to get in and out of this hotel.Overall - you get what you pay for and in this case I think if you are looking for moderate budget and clean but small accomodations with good location, this is a good choice. Try to ignore the whacky elevators and silly people flow (herding cattle) and you will have a great time!  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Newtraveler72008
<Content>I will stay there again if I go back to Oahu Before booking through AAA, I went on this website (tripadvisor) to look at the reviews. The reviews were extremely helpful to me in choosing whether this in fact would be the hotel that my family and I would decide to stay at.I liked this hotel for the following reasons:FIVE STAR SERVICE -- we felt like family here -- my husband, who tended to go to the front desk for every little question, was greeted warmly each time. We felt like we were more than out of town paying guests but more like family! My gratitude to the staff for their extreme hospitality -- from the guy at the pool to the valets to the housekeeping and front desk staff -- we loved your hospitality and we would make this our temporary home again if we came back to Waikiki!CLEANLINESS -- My accolades to the housekeeping staff -- the hotel was meticulously clean -- yes, some of you may say, well, shouldn't it be? I will tell you that we have stayed at five star hotels that was less than stellar!! I would also say the same for the service from previous five star hotels we've stayed.THE BREAKFAST ON THE BEACH -- The savings!! We liked the variety and the savings we were able to get just from being able to go downstairs for the complimentary breakfast EVERY DAY. I read some of the reviews here where few people said they were less than satisfied and I will say that it was more than sufficient for our family. THE LOCATION -- The location!!!!!! Right in front of the world famous Waikiki Beach, next to the Honolulu Zoo and the Aquarium and Diamond Head!!! What more can I say??? TRANSPORTATION ACCESS -- Most of the activities we signed up for we were picked up right at the hotel.. but if you choose, the buses are also right in front of the hotel, taxis are easy to get, etc.SAFETY -- A very important component when on vacation. We felt very safe!!ACCESS TO RESTAURANTS -- Restaurants are close by.. lots to choose from.INTERNET ACCESS -- I supposed if we'd brought our laptop along we could have accessed the internet via their WIFI but we used the computers downstairs in the lobby. They charged a nominal fee to use them but there are plenty of computers to use.WHAT WE DIDN'T LIKE (but considering all the bonuses, it was a very small thing for us):The only thing that we didn't like was the 'kids stay, eat and play free.' Our daughter, 11 y.o., did get to stay with us for free.As far as the 'eat' part:This only applies to participating restaurants and we found that most did NOT participate in this. Not even the TIKI BAR and the other restaurant located onsite participated in this, which we found odd. ABOUT THE ELEVATORWe really didn' t find this much of a problem as written by past reviewers.OVERALL EXPERIENCEWas wonderful. Again, if we go back, this is the place we will stay and we highly recommend it to others!  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Musicfamily
<Content>Never Again My Wife and I went here for our Honeymoon and were very disappointed. First we were told that for Honeymooners that they will upgrade us if there was rooms available. They did not ask us but they did ask the family next to us with several children so I know some rooms were left. The elevators were terrible. If you don't time it right you will be stuck for 5 minutes waiting and then you have to play with your card to even get up and if you don't get it in at the right time your stuck in the elevator until you pick up somebody else going up. The rooms were very small and had only one chair on the lanai when there are two people staying in the room. There was only one washcloth provided even though we told the front desk. It is also very noisy especially for being on the 21st floor. The breakfast wasn't very good either with coffee that tasted like water. We will never come back to this hotel again.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	3	2	2	2	1	

<Author>hawaiin50
<Content>Great Place to stay First off I have to say that I love this site because it gives you honest views of vacation spots before you go. My stay at the ResortQuest was perfect. Everyone loves to cry about everything not being perfect. The rooms are perfect size, the breakfast is great (singing and guitar playing too), the staff is nice and Tiki's, the bar/restaurant, is great. The location is perfect with Diamond Head and the Zoo on one side and the beach right across the street. I truely have no complaints about this hotel and I would definitely stay there again. I'm not a pre-madonna or a complainer so maybe you shouldnt listen to me. Seriously though for the price it was a great stay. I can't wait to come back. Aaron  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>amnelson12
<Content>Ahhh....you'll do!       Get away from me!!!  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	4	2	2	3	2	

<Author>nikki2008
<Content>good breakfast, comfortable beds, not great location!! This was a nice hotel but the rooms are way to small for more than 2 people with their luggage. We had a family of four and it was way to small and we did not spend much time there. The view from the balcony was good however the hotel is at the very end of Waikiki Beach and not close to anything. The breakfast was good but not great, my family ate cereal and doughnuts most mornings. Being accross the street from beach was great but the beach around the Hilton, and the Mona Surfrider was much nicer. The beach in front of this hotel was nice but in the early morning there were a lot of homeless people. There was also not a plce to shower off at the beach accross from the hotel but there was at the pool. Just not a nice area of town.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	2	4	4	3	4	

<Author>go-dawgs-go
<Content>location, location, location! We booked this 3 1/2 star hotel because it was decently priced, it included daily breakfast, and it looked like it was located close to the beach. We were not disappointed on any count.  When we arrived at check-in, we were told that our room was being upgraded compiments of the hotel. Our room faced Diamond Head with a partial ocean view. It was spectacular! The room was clean, had nice bedding, and although there were two double beds (instead of queen/king as we are used to at home), the mattresses and bedding were so comfortable! We were given little insulated bags with which to take to breakfast--served buffet style near the pool. We could then take these to enjoy breakfast at the beach, in our room, or poolside, complete with live Hawaiian music and a hula dancer. It was a wonderful way to begin each day.  There is a great beach right across the street from the hotel. One area is walled in, giving a calmer atmosphere for people that just want to float or play in quieter waters. There is a walkway out into the water with a gazebo which turned out to be a popluar place for the teen locals to jump into the crashing waves. We were quite entertained by this. The beach area had great waves for boarding. The hotel is next door to the zoo, which was a fun thing to do with the kids while my husband was off golfing. It is reasonably priced, too. There are several places to eat right there at the hotel, including Tiki, located in the hotel, Wolfgang Puck Express, Coldstone, Subway, Starbucks, etc.  You can't go wrong with this hotel. We will return!  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>glin930
<Content>We have a good stay at Resort Quest Our family stayed here 2 nights after our Hawaii cruise. We booked the hotel through the hotel website at a good rate. We also request a couple of things before and it was all honored at the time we check in. The beach location across the hotel I think it is at the best location. Not so crowded compare to other hotels. There is also some Hawaii singing  dancing during breakfast hours. The breakfast was excellent and it saved our family tons of $. There is a Wolg Gang Puck express, Subway, Coldstone downstairs.We have a interconnecting room 1209  1210. Very quiet and a good size room. pool is nice and there is a attendant at the afternoon always bring guest fresh towel ... etc vey attentive.The only complaint I have is the elevator. One of the room card constantly is not working at the elevator (even we change a couple of times). But there are constantly other people coming in so I will just ask them to press my floor.We have a good stay at Resort quest. I look forward to visiting the Aloha state again.Meloha  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tikihoneymoon
<Content>Honeymoon awesomeness My husband and I stayed at RQ Waikiki Beach from 6/2/08 - 6/9/08. The hotel staff was ALWAYS courteous, we never had to wait in line to be helped at the front desk, the housekeeping staff was fantastic...what else can I say? We were in room 1503, with a beautiful partial view of Waikiki Beach from our balcony, and a view of Diamond Head Crater from the door of our room. And by partial I mean an almost 180-degree view. It was awesome. My husband would go for a jog in the mornings, and I would sit on the balcony and watch the surfers until he came back. We never heard anybody next to us, either, which was nice since we were on our honeymoon! ;-)I will say that if you're looking for good service at Tiki's, you're unlikely to get it. We only went there twice during our weeklong stay. On our first afternoon there, we sat at the bar to order our first tropical drink of the week. And we sat there. And sat some more. My husband asked the (apparently disgruntled) bartender what he recommended, and he just handed us the drink menu. And then proceeded to ignore us again for a while. We went again a few nights later, and had a similar experience while sitting at a table on the patio. The waitress hardly ever stopped at our table. And the drinks are WAY overpriced. We ended up buying some liquor at the ABC store and keeping it in the fridge in our room. Much more cost-effective.Also, the elevators at RQ are a little odd. You need to swipe your room key in a timely manner, or you will end up bouncing randomly from floor to floor and ending up back where you start. This card-swiping system would be fine, if the mag reader worked more than 30% of the time. It was kind of a joke every time we got on the elevator to see if we could do it right. Not bad, just slightly annoying.Overall, I would highly recommend this hotel to other travellers, and we plan to come back again someday!  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>n_gunjan
<Content>Location hides everything else       View from 22nd floor-ocean view room  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>worldtravlerOklahoma
<Content>great service Great location. Had a little trouble checking in ,someone left trash in bathroom sink. Hotel apologized and moved us to another room instantly. Every one at Hotel went out of their way to accomodate, very friendly. stayed 12 days.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>wanderingMB
<Content>A perfect hotel We were so grateful that we booked a hotel with a great view of the beach. We felt sorry for those folks treking a few blocks in, wrapped in their towels and lugging their sun screen. Our hotel had the feel of being in Hawaii. The staff was unbelieveably friendly and attentive. We loved breakfast with the music and the selection. This is not an expensive hotel, so providing the breakfast seemed very generous to us. Everything was clean. I can't say enough about what a wonderful stay we had here.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tigger-thats-me
<Content>heaven is a place called hawaii       our room it was lovely  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KristinMNy
<Content>Great Price. My husband and I stayed at the Beach Hotel June 20, 2008 to June 28, 2008.We had a king ocean view room. Loved the price and the location was great. Rooms were clean and so was the hotel. The first night we got there we stopped at tiki's we were just so tired and wanted something to eat. It was ok. It was our anniversary on the 26th so we had a small bottle of champagne in our room that was nice. We knew that the parking was 20.00 a night from reading reviews so we planned on parking the first night (again so tired) and then parking at the Wakiki banyan @ $60.00 for the week. No one even mentioned the price of the parking to us. It's a good thing we knew and didn't park the entire week. Wakiki Banyan is only a block away worth the walk to save lots of money! The elevators here were not fun. You come back from the beach you have to fumble for your room key to get the elevator to go anywhere and then you put it in 500 times and the key doesn't even work. Then you press down and you go up to pick more people up before going back down. I hear they are renovating their elevators. I hope so. My biggest complaint is the valet. Like I said we used the Valet the first night and then went down to the Wakiki Banyan. When we went to Checkout they had charged us for 4 days of parking. NO WAY. So We told the desk this and they made us go down to the Valet manager. So down I went. He told me he had me down for four days. You have to sign everytime you pick up the car. I asked him to see my signature for the 3 extra days I picked up the car. Once I said this he said I will call and have them take it off. He called and the front desk never picked up the phone, so I had to go back down to him and stand there while he called. They did take it off. While I was standing there one of the Valet's was talking to another guest and passed a not so nice comment about the gay pride parade that had happened earlier. Having a gay family member I really didn't enjoy the comment! All in all I would stay here again the price and location was right!  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>wendy-aka-pinky
<Content>great hotel       the hotel from the pier right across the street  
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Petal57
<Content>Fantastic location I booked an ocean view room, which included breakfast- great value for the price. The location is amazing- right opposite the best part of the beach, with a swimming lagoon area. I had fantastic views right over Waikiki.The Hotel is well serviced by shuttles,buses etc to take you to other places in Honolulu, and has a number of reasonably priced dining options e.g. Wolfgang Puck, a gourmet pizza for $10.The room was clean and comfortable, if not luxurious. The bed was one of the best I have slept in.In terms of value for money and location, this would be hard to beat.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>ian1784
<Content>Great location, Great Views Where to start?When we arrived we knew that the room would most likely not be ready for us because we flew in that morning. However, we checked our bags and went upstairs to 'Pre Check-In'. This was great for us as it gave us a chance to tell them that we were Honeymooners, which got us a free upgrade and bottle of sparkling wine in our room (which didn't taste the best). As we had an hour or two to kill we decided to go to the Honolulu Zoo which was just a short walk around the corner. When we returned to the Hotel to collect our room keys the staff were great. We went to our room (room 1702) and as we walked to the door we see this amazing view of Diamond Head (Extinct Volcano), which you can walk up and have an awesome view of all of Waikiki. Then we walked into our room and were pleased as the pictures of the room on the website were just like the room itself. The rooms aren't exactly the biggest, but it was big enough for the two of us. We ended up with an Ocean View Room, which was fantastic.There is alot to do on Oahu including The Polynesian Cultural Center which is a 'not for profit' attraction that shows the differences in Polynesian Cultures. It is run mostly by University students trying to put themseleves through school. Other things to do include - Climbing Diamond Head (which i previously mentioned), The Grand Circle Tour (if you decide to do this, stick to theTour desks recommendations, Pearl Harbour is another big attraction (if you go on a tour, you don't get much time there) We went to Pearl Harbour by Shuttle which cost us $9 each return with a coupon. The line up for the Arizona Memorial is usually very long so get there early to avoid waiting around. You cannot take any type of BAG to the Arizona Memorial, USS Missouri, USS Bowfin or the Aviation Mueseum, They are STRICTLY FORBIDDEN and the will be taken off you if you don't choose to put them in a locker for the day. Also for you Aussies or just people who like to party we went on a pub crawl, we met a guy on the main stretch of Waikiki that looked a bit suss, his name was William, he is African American and the name of the pub crawl is the Endless Summer Pub Crawl we decided to go on the pub crawl, it cost $50 ($30 deposit  $20 on the night) which covered your entry to 5 clubs and a complimentary drink at each... Don't hold your breath for the free dinner it wasn't that great, my recommendation is to eat before you get there... It was good fun.Another thing which My wife and I did was got to a little store called Hilo Hatties, There is a FREE trolley which picks you up outside the ResortQuest Waikiki Beach Hotel every 30 minutes, it also does a couple of courtesy drop offs at the Boat Marina and also the Ala Moana Center which is a good place to shop.Now, back to the Hotel. There are plenty of restaurants downstairs and around the hotel (check the coupon book they give you at check-in and the coupon books on the streets for good deals). The Breakfast on the Beach (BOB) is a good idea, however some days the food didn't appeal to us (menu changes daily). There is plenty of convienience stores (ABC Stores) around, there is a running joke in my family that says that ABC stands for 'All Blocks Covered'.Now to the few bad points that we encountered, Tiki's Bar  Grill have different foods available, but it wasn't the best. But TIki's is a great place to sit around and chill out with a view of the ocean and a few cocktails (We also liked Lulu's Surf Club around the corner). When you walk along the street and people stop you to ask if you have any tours booked they are usually timeshare people, we found the easiest way to get rid of them is to tell them you are leaving early the next morning. There was only one other bad thing which was, Hawaii have passed a law that if you smoke you must be at least 20 feet away from any door, window or vent (which won't affect you non-smokers) but it tends to cause a bit of hassle when you are on the 17th floor and you want a cigarette. Also the bums come up and ask you for cigarettes and they also take the ones that aren't quite finished out of the ashtrays, a solution to this could be to install ashtrays with water in them or something to prevent them walking up and down at late hours of the night.I hope this review has helped you in deciding what hotel and some activities to do on Oahu.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Jantastic
<Content>Great value on Waikiki! Charming urban hotel. Other reviews complain of noise, and it's a busy place. If you want to be near all the action, stay here. If you want a quiet and peaceful, this place is not for you. Fun pool area. Breakfast not spectacular, but good enough to save a few $$. Cute decor.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	4	

<Author>tigertas
<Content>quite alot of noise we stayed a week at this hotel. we were initially booked into an ocean front room but decided to up grade to a junior suite... bad move as the noise from the tikis bar below was very loud and we could not sleep. We asked to be moved back to the ocean front which had a much better view and the noise was alot less. we had a couple of problems eg. blown light in bathroom and flat remote, both these were fixed within five minutes of letting reception know. The staff were always helpful especially the smiling pool man. the location of this hotel is wonderful and the view from our ocean front very peaceful. The breakfast is ok if you just want fruit and cereal, as the hot food is unedable. Tikis bar has great casual food but would do better if you could charge back to the room. The lifts were not too bad once you worked the card out, but the upgrade will be much better when that happens. The beds were comfortable, the bathroom was clean just a bit outdated but you can live with that . We would stay at this hotel again but only in the ocean front, as a quite gin and tonic on the ocean front room laini whilst the sun sets is wonderful.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>PGDan
<Content>Great value for a hotel on the beach       View from 20th floor balcony  
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>princessthewild1
<Content>Fantasic hotel, great location       view from our room of beach  sea  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>ZaiZaiLv
<Content>Great location...       A very small bathroom  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	5	2	3	2	3	

<Author>rw_808
<Content>Fantastic Place, Full of the Aloha Spirit This was a carefully-researched choice. We didn't need the Ritz-Carlton, we just wanted a reasonably-priced hotel with king-sized beds and ocean views. The ResortQuest Waikiki Beach Hotel came up with great feedback, so we booked it (king-sized bed, ocean view).Initially they could not give us a king room; we ended up in an upper-floor double-double ocean-view room. But I still rate the place as excellent. Why?First, the room was unavailable because the current occupants loved the place and extended their stay. That is a strong endorsement of the hotel's high quality and level of comfort.Second, the alternative room was still nice and clean, and the double beds were pretty comfortable, if a bit tight for two.Third, the entire staff personified the aloha spirit and made us feel perfectly at home.Fourth, after two nights we were upgraded to a higher-floor king room with a spectacular ocean view. We had arrived in heaven. What a joy! The room's d茅cor was kitschy and charming, the bed was supremely comfy, and everything worked. Yes, the bathroom was not large and maybe a bit dated, but nothing was broken. And within ten minutes of arriving at the hotel that first afternoon, we had become so relaxed that we were in a state of bliss.Fifth, Tiki's rocks. We loved the bar scene, the great food, the little bands playing on the weekend, the super-friendly wait staff.Finally, it's the not-so-crazed stretch of Kalakaua, so it was less packed and nutty than a few blocks west.Thank you, RQ Waikiki Beach Hotel, for helping make our Honolulu/O'ahu trip so memorable and romantic and wonderful.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Chelle1981uk
<Content>Nice hotel but can be quite noisy My partner and I stayed here for 11 days about a week ago. The staff were very friendly and we got upgraded to an ocean view straight away - please note before I go on do NOT STAY IN ROOM 1407!! So this is the room we were placed in and it was lovely and the view was great...however, during the night I could hear the ICE MACHINE right outside our door ALL NIGHT - churning away making a terrible noise! I was not impressed so asked the staff to either turn it off or move us, they very kindly moved us to the 21st floor and the view was fantastic! I was very happy. However, once we unpacked I could hear another awful noise and realised it must have been the lifts!! We stayed in 2111 and were the first door round the corner from the lifts and by god do they make a racket! I could not sleep properly my whole stay and couldn't be bothered to ask for another room - again. This is the only thing that made our stay unpleasant. Oh and I don't think the free breakfast was that great either - horrible scrambled egg in a plastic container and the tea was nothing great either. However... the hotel is in an excellent location, right next to the beach and souvenir shops and only a 10 min walk to the Cheesecake Factory which serves delicious meals! The pool is good too and like I said the staff are very friendly - also lots of computers for internet usage. Overall, a nice hotel just a little noisy so don't stay in the rooms we stayed in otherwise you'll be on here writing exactly what I've written! :o)  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sporeman
<Content>Great stay at the Waikiki Beach Hotel       Waikiki Beach View from 16th Floor  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bigal409
<Content>Just back from Waikiki.... My husband and I just returned from a 7 day stay at Resortquest. The location is great, right across street from beach and next to Honolulu Zoo. Room was on 25th floor with partial ocean view, but out the front door, the view of Diamond Head was amazing. Breakfast on beach was a great addition to price of room. The food wasn't the best, but for FREE, whatca' expect? We stuck with the cereal and fruit bowl each morning. On the hotel block there was Subway, Coldstone, Wolfgang Pucks, ABC store, Starbucks and more. Another helpful thing about the hotel is Expedia is in the lobby and tour-booking place. Although the lady that helped us book some tours (which we ended up cancelling, renting a car and going on our own) was very rude. And the beach is right across the street. If you plan on laying out on the beach, I'd suggest getting there early, and plan ahead for the tide, because it sneaks up on you. Also, if you want to boggie-board, just buy one from ABC store for $20 rather than rent one (we paid $15 for two hours before we found them at ABC). Things to do on the island...We rented a car for two days (highly suggest) and visited North Shore, Dole Plantation, Kahula Beach, Hanumea Bay (closed on Tuesday's), Pali Lookout, Wahamea Falls and much more! Great restaurants within walking distance of hotel were Lulu's (right on corner with hotel), Dukes, Red Lion bar, Cheeseburger in Paradise, Moose McGlightys, Cheesecake Factory, etc. There is a trolley that will take you around town, it's $1 a ride. If you plan on using the trolley more than a couple times, I'd suggest buying a pass for unlimited use. In one of the travelers guide coupon book things, there was a buy one get one free coupon. Also, public bus system is great! Only $2 per person. This bus goes around the entire island if you don't want to rent a car. Overall, our second trip back to Hawaii was great. Although Waikiki is beautiful, it was nice to rent a car and see the rest of the island. I'd highly recommend this hotel b/c of price and location. Our next trip back we'll stay here again!  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Cynthia1961
<Content>Best location on Waikiki!       The happy colors of our room.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>jbett1234
<Content>Depends on what you want... This hotel is for you if you want a good location but its noisy. The hotel is average but there are some good benefits: free breakfast, live music in the morning and night, right across from the beach, pleanty of food options close by. Rooms are a bit run down, no room service, the pool is small but has a great bar and view. The elevator is frustrating and tricky to use because of their security measures. Friendly staff.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	5	5	5	

<Author>madswens
<Content>This is a noisy hotel.... This is a noisy hotel. I paid extra for an ocean front room. The view was fantastic. The noise was not.Right below our room was the Tiki's bar and Grill that has live entertainment, and an outdoor bar. It is open until late at night.I do not mind people having a good time, having a few drinks, or even music. But, the location of this bar to the rooms is terrible. I tried to put my chldren down for bed each night at 10 p.m. so that they would be rested for the next day's activities. Eventhough, the laughter, talk and music were somewhat muted when the patio door was closed, it was still consistent, and beyond what I could even sleep through...let alone my excited children. It was a constant sound until the bar closed.I inquired at the front desk about quieter rooms, however was told that anything with an ocean front room, would have some noise. The breakfast on the beach which seems to be a selling point was very disappointing. They rotated menus about every three to four days. And, all of the food was pretty bad. They do have the traditional danish and cold cereal which is fine. But, the fresh food is far from fresh, and not good at all. Do not eat the eggs...these things are yellow and look somewhat like eggs....but, taste like nothing I have ever had.The bathroom as some have written, is quite small and was not part of the remodel. It was clean...but, not attractive.I had no issue with the elevators or the card keys. It seems to be in the timing...stick in the card, wait two seconds, hit your room number, and it worked fine for us.This hotel is affordable. And, may be o.k. if you choose a room away from the noise of Tiki's. But, then you do not get the view.Everyone was pleasant. And, the desk help was very nice. The maid service was consistent.But, I will not stay here again. I require a room where I can rest. And, a newer bathroom.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>tinkydink
<Content>Excellent Hotel! The hotel was wonderful! The rooms were spacious (the bathroom was a little small, but how much time do you spend in there?) and the free breakfast by the pool each morning was a fabulous addition! I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a good deal as well as a nice place t stay.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>carinidad
<Content>Will Return! Our family stayed 2 nights while waiting for our flight back to the mainland. We booked two separate rooms and luckily got a great deal! Parents got an ocean view room ($129/nt) and kids got the standard room with 2-double-beds ($99/nt). Check-in was smooth, and we were able to check in a few hours early. - Rooms - Both rooms were on the 8th floor which made for easy access to the lobby floor for breakfast and the ground floor for transportation. Parents had room 825, which overlooked the pool area but still a nice view of the ocean. Kids were in room 810, which was a handicapped-accessible room with a sliver of an ocean view (which we still appreciated) but mostly overlooking some piping of the neighboring building. Overall, rooms were great, though the oceanview was much better than the other. One nitpicky complaint -- the handicapped accessible room lacked a hair dryer, counter space, and an bathtub in the bathroom. Instead, there was a walk-in shower. We understand that this is to help keep the area accessible for wheelchairs and such, but we still missed those amenities.We loved -- the mini-refrigerator, balcony, comfy beds, and entirely non-smoking environment. The maid service was very friendly too!- Breakfast on the Beach - This was the best part of our stay!! Granted, our stay was short. However, we loved the variety of options. Fresh fruit, eggs, hash browns, french toast sticks, cereal, juice, tea, milk, and muffins/bagels were on the menu during our stay. But there were also some more *adventurous* options like miso soup or a soba noodle pasta salad. Sometimes we packed a couple extra cereals into our lunches and saved a cup of milk for snacking later in the day. What a great value!- Valet -We had rented a car, so it was a bit pricey to pay the $20/day fee for valet parking. However, the valets were very friendly and always helpful when we had a question about where to go. With this hotel's location, however, you definitely don't need a car.Overall, our family felt that we had a great stay for a great value! We'd definitely return to ResortQuest Waikiki Beach for our next trip to Oahu.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>uggghhh
<Content>ugghhh...this hotel is not as advertised The hotel was renovated by slopping on some paint, and upgrading the t.v. Otherwise, not much else. The bathroom is terrible....and, does not appear to have been updated.The signature breakfast on the beach....uggghhh.... come on, this stuff was worse than you get at fast food joints. The eggs were runny, and did not taste like eggs. There was limited choice other than the egg dish that was either in the form of a rolled breakfast burrito, or slopped on a biscuit with fake, processed meat product. The only other offerings were danishes and cereal....continental breakfast stuff.The noise....again, uggghhh...why would a hotel allow an outdoor bar and grill to operate and have live music until past midnight? People with families like to go to bed before midnight...which is nearly impossible at this hotel.Beware, this hotel is not as advertised....I'm sure some will find it o.k....and it was reasonably priced....but, it is not for everyone. Don't be fooled by this signature breakfast on the beach...it is a novelty that is not good...don't be fooled by their multi-million dollar renovations...it is simply fresh paint, and new t.v.'s.Waikiki is fantastic...no other place like it....but, this hotel is not fantastic...and there are plenty of others that I will chose from in the future, that hopefully is closer to what they advertise.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	5	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>waikikibound
<Content>Love this place This was our 2nd year staying here at RQ. We absolutely love this place. OUr room was clean, bathroom was clean and the staff was polite beyond any I had ever seen. I know this may sound like someone from the hotel writing this but trust me its not! Last year when we arrived we were upgraded to an Ocean front room and this year we just booked the ocean front as we didnt want to miss out . This year we were in room 1133 , we had no noise from Tikis at all and we had great view of the ocean and we liked to sit on the lanai and have a few toddies at night. We wil be booking to come back again , hopefully next March 2009 once again and we wouldnt want to stay anywhere else. The only bad thing we could even begin to think about would be more variety on the breakfast.... but its included with your room so why complain!  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>cherrov
<Content>good value hotel We were pleased that we chose this hotel.The location was very good across the road from a safe swimming beach. Shops and eateries right there and close to transport.The breakfast was ok nothing spectacular but it was complimentary, it does fill you up and when you feel like a change try the buffet atDukes $14.95.It would be good if they added a few extra tables andchairs though.Even though many people have complained about the swipe cards in the elevators,we personally didnt have any problems there. Other people complained about no coffee making facilities. I asked for an electric jug on the third day there, kindly received one, had it for the rest of my stay and had a cuppa every night. Just buy a cheap mug or use paper ones.Housecleaning was always done and they are all very friendly. The rooms are a little small but that is always the case with mosthotels. We had a king size bed and a magnificent view from the 21stfloor which I had requested and got. All in all a very enjoyable experience.PS Recommend the tour desk on the right Aloha Tours I think. If you are looking for transport from airport to hotel directrecommend Passport Shuttle $30 flat rate ask for Dave, veryprompt and reliable  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>cindylou421
<Content>Was very happy I stayed at the Waikiki Beach Hotel a year ago and simply got too busy to write my review until I started looking at the reviews recently for a trip in the future. I actually like the pictures. We found the staff to be very helpful and pleasant. The few times we went to the front desk for questions or help, we received it immediately. We were very tired when we arrived and our room was not ready. The clerk talked way to fast and was a little confusing about upgrading our room. We had requested a regular room with a roll away. The price for the roll away had changed by about $20 a night. We finally got checked in. They held our bags for us while we went out. The desk told us they would have them brought to our room. Our room was a larger one on the 21st floor looking back at Waikiki. It was great. The bathroom had a few small issues, but the lady that cleaned our room did a beautiful job. The one thing I noticed about almost all of the critical reviews was that they had complaints but it did not look like they ever did anything about it. I don't remember big problems, but anytime we needed anything or asked for anything, we were helped immediately. The elevators were very quirky, but we just dealt with it and did not let it bother us. For a older building it was in good shape and always appeared to be taken care of. Three of us spent 10 days and I was very sad to go home. I would recommend that if you need a coffee pot in your room to go buy a cheap one at Walmart. That is what we did. I would stay here again and hope that I get to in the next year or so.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>Lulu35
<Content>Wonderful! Loved the ResortQuest Beach! . We moved from the delapidated RQ Sunset and it was heaven. We had adjoining rooms with my Mum  our 2 young children after forgoing kitchen facilities at the previous hotel - but we need not have worried. Breakfast was complimentry with lots of healthy options, the restaurant was great  the gym was more than adequate (and included in the price). We had wonderful views of the beach which was directly across the road. We organised a trip to Pearl Harbour  a Luau through the hotel  the staff were helpful  lovely. The beds were very comfortable, the rooms were clean  well decorated  it was an enjoyable way to end our US trip.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>RobeFrost
<Content>Great Service  I have been to Waikiki a couple of times and this is by far the nicest place i have stayed at, not just because of the property itself but also becuase of its service, amenities, and its LOCATION!!! It is on the right hand side of waikiki with majestic views of diamondhead crater, only about a 3-5 minute walk to The Honolulu Zoo, and The Waikiki Aquarium. Kapiolani Park is also right next door. And oppisite the direstion of park is The International Marketplace also in just about a 5 minute walk. If you come here you definately do not need a car. Because you won't use it, almost all of the local activities provide shuttle service and they pick you up right in front of the hotel. The property has 4 restaurants located right on site, a beautiful pool area in the shade of the Tiki Bar  Grill. The property also offers a 2 for 1 luau in their coupon book at check in, we had a chance to go to this luau and it was well worth it... me and my wife got in for like 70 bucks and it included a buffet dinner a show, and a fire knife dance which was just out of this world. This was our honeymoon and if you call the hotel before hand they will usually do something for you....For us we got champagne. And don't miss their FREE breakfast on the beach every morning.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MissChrisPhoenix_AZ
<Content>All In All, A Nice Place To Stay We stayed at this hotel from May 28th through June 3rd and it was pretty much as we expected it to be. No big surprises, which is how we like it. Having read all the reviews on Tripadvisor, I was aware of some of the issues people had been having so I was prepared to deal with them because this hotel receives some of the best reviews hands down of the same priced hotels on Waikiki Beach.Lets start with Check In. This was as smooth a check-in as you can get. We stayed in an ocean view Junior Suite (room 927) and liked it very much. Sure, it was on the small side and the decor was nothing to write home about but it was clean and free from bed bugs! Housekeping was nice as were all the employees of the hotel that we met. We especially liked the gentleman that worked out at the pool. Very helpful.On to the elevator fiasco. We were prepared for the card-key debacle people had been writing about. About 75 percent of the time, the card key doesn't work on the elevator and then the elevator takes you wherever it wants to go. Some elevators went up when the arrow pointed down and vice-versa. We saw an elevator repair man working three days while we were there but he apparently didn't fix the problem. Knowing about this ahead of time turned what could have been really aggravating to something that became kind of funny. We made a game of it to see which elevator would take us up or down and who's key would work. It's vacation so why let it get to you. I think it would be in the best interest of the hotel to get this resolved soon though.If you want a quiet early night's sleep book your room on the Diamond Head side of the hotel. The band plays until midnight and it is very loud. Thank God for ear plugs! Again, people had written about this in the past so we came prepared. It was worth it for the terrific view we had from our room!Breakfast is another issue that seems to be consistent in all the reviews. Yes its free. It's just okay. For some reason they felt they needed to hide the cream cheese from those of us who wanted a bagel. On our third day I saw a woman ask for some and she was given it from another refrigerator behind where the breakfast bar was. I looked back there the next day and no cream cheese. Why can't they just put it out? After about the 4th day the breakfast was blah. No new choices. By the last day there were no hot choices, no yogurt anymore and of course no cream cheese. And no cereal. At least the coffee was good.Oh yeah, the hotel next door is undergoing renovations and the workers start around 8 am. It can get pretty loud but we were early risers so it didn't bother us too much.I would definitely stay here again even with all the issues. It is in a great place on Waikiki, it's clean and we really didn't have any problems on our entire trip. Just the same annoyances everyone else had but by coming prepared it didn't really bother us too much. We had a great time and I would recommend this hotel to my friends but I would let them know first about the annoyances.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	1	

<Author>luvtripz2
<Content>Not as good as they say This is my first review. I always check here for hotel suggestions before I travel. I have never been misled until this trip. We stayed for 8 nights in May. I miss Hawaii especially since its pouring here in Seattle right now, but I was not impressed with this hotel. This was our second time in Oahu. The first time, we stayed at the hilton hawaiian village. I picked resortquest because of the reviews, price and location. This was a last minute trip and it was a fairly decent price for the hotel.At check in, we were told that we got an upgrade to partial ocean view. Our room overlooked the tops of buildings and the only ocean view was if you ventured out to the tiny balcony and leaned out far. The room was ok, but the sheets were only changed when I left a note asking. We had a hole in the middle of the sheet and it was not changed for two nights. The bathrooms are really dirty. the bathtub had a big brown stain in the middle. The tile floor has black mildew stains. I just don't know why they don't try to fix this problem since I know that I'm not the first person to complain about the bathrooms. The elevators are awful. My cards never worked the first time. We took long rides on the elevators before we got to our floor. My girls thought this was fun the first few times.There are no coffee makers in the room. I'm from Seattle.The swimming pool is very small and really not safe for children. There is no rope between the shallow and deep end. That's ok when the beach is across the street. The good things were the breakfasts and the bags that you can put it in for later. That was very convenient since we did a lot of road trips in the morning. There is a good variety. Location was good since we were right across the street from a kid friendly part of waikiki beach. Its very shallow and the waves don't come in until night. We were also right next to the zoo. Our vacation was still so much fun. There is so much to do around oahu. I highly recommend renting a car and getting Oahu Revealed. We will come back to hawaii, but I will change hotels.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	2	4	4	3	

<Author>glansande
<Content>Worked for us! We'll be coming back! I work in hospitality, so I am always very nervous about staying in hotels that aren't mine. I know what kinds of behind the scenes happenings go on in hotels! I was a little nervous about booking this hotel because it is under new ownership from Aston Resorts to ResortQuest. However, this place was PERFECT. I got a killer deal on Priceline for a 4-night stay over the Memorial Weekend holiday. At first, I didn't like our standard room on the 5th floor right above the lobby because the view wasn't as good and the room was smallish, and as I was about to fork out more cash for an upgrade, the gentleman at the desk (who also worked SF hospitality at one point) upgraded our room to a double on the 23rd floor with a view of Diamond Head and the ocean. Thank you desk man! This hotel is right on the Waikiki strip, but is on the zoo side on the far end. This was no big deal either, because Waikiki is small and all you'll do is walk. I liked this because it was quieter and we had a better view of everything I thought. The beds were very comfortable, the service impeccible, and I appreciated the little breakfasts (though we did take advantage of Wolfgang Pucks Express downstairs more than once). The pool has left to be desired, but I wouldn't have used the pool anyway with the beach right there!! This was a vacation with my partner, but I am suggesting this hotel to my family for our Christmas vacation, as it is TOTALLY family friendly too. We didn't have a car, but the travel desk helped us find a shuttle to Pearl Harbor, etc. Use the Expedia desk because the other desk tried to book us on an expensive tour we didn't want. Expedia desk was way more helpful. One night we had a friend stay with us, and parking was $20. I'd recommend not getting a car. Save the planet and contribute to local tourism.What a steal! What a deal!  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>blainehamilton
<Content>Good Place At A Great Value Just finished a stay May 24-30, and I have to say I was impressed. Booked a standard City View room for $129 a night thru the Travelzoo deal posted in their Top 20 deals towards the end of April. For a hotel on Waikiki beach and breakfast included, the price was rediculously cheap. While not perfect, the Hotel is highly suggested.The Good:The location! The hotel is nested right at the South (or East depending how you interpret the direction) end of Waikiki Beach. This keeps the foot and vehicle traffic noise lower during the night hours. It also seemed to keep the undesirables to a minimum. With waikiki beach literally across the street, you can have your toes in the sand after a short 2 minute walk from the lobby. Access to shopping along Waikiki beach is steps away, and attractions such as Honolulu Zoo, Honolulu Aquarium are right next door. Diamond Head is close by, and the H1 freeway is a short distance away, making access to all parts of the island a simple trip.The room! While not as big as some newer hotels, we never had space issues for the two of us. Closet space and drawer space was more than ample for unpacking clothing for a 6 night stay. The furniture was fresh and scratch free, the television a big and bright brand new 32 LG LCD, and the King size bed was incredibly comfy, with fresh linens every day. Ample bath and hand towels, along with shampoo/conditioner/lotions were provided in the bathroom, as well as a hand dryer and backlit makeup mirror. A table and two chairs gave us space to sort out the mountains of magazines, brocures, and coupons one gathers to organize their trip and see everything possible. We were given a 10th floor Pool/Ocean View room without asking, and was wonderful, especially to enjoy breakfast. The balcony was clean and equipped with a chair and stool, and allowed one to sit back and enjoy the waves of the Pacific.The breakfast! The complementary coolers were a great idea, and having an open breakfast from 6:30am to 9:30am allowed both early and late risers to get their fill. Good selection of cereals, danishes, mini muffins, mini bagels, fresh fruit, pudding, coffee (including the kona cononut coffee my wife loves), tea, milk, juices (LOVE the passion guava with a hit of sprite) and soft drinks. This is complemented by a hot item selection that changes every day, which included on differnt days: ham and egg buns, sausage and egg buns, scrambled eggs and bacon, scambled eggs and vegetables, bacon and egg burritos and vegetable and egg burritos. As we were usually up early due to the time difference, I would pick up breakfast just after 6:30am, and we would enjoy in bed, on our balcony overlooking the sea, or on the beach right in front of the hotel accross the street. The musical entertainment with a Hula dancer made sitting by the pool that much more special. Running the breakfast until 9:30am allowed us to pick up a few more fruits and danishes for on the road during the day. Most days we just had light lunches, saving us additional money, thanks to the snacks we could bring along with us.The decor! Some people call it tacky, but then again, wouldn't that make most of hawaii and almost all of it's clothing that way as well? Heck, my entire Hawaiian shirt waredrobe resembles the bedspread. It's the style there, and the hotel pulls it off perfectly. From the Tiki fire torches around the pool/bar/restaurant, to the Green and White surfboards proudly displaying the hotel name in the lower lobby, to the loud red print fabric headboard and bedspead in the room, it just works. We never had the beaded closet doors someone mentioned, but I would welcome them. If I wanted a plain eggshell white room with beige linens, I'll stay at brand x chain hotel. If you want a hotel you can take great photos of and show just as proudly as the other Hawaiian attractions to people, this is the place.The valet/bellmen! When we first arrived, both the valet and bellman were right at my drivers door to take car of us. Speedy service with the bags, and the valet was considerate and even reminded me when I forgot to put our GPS away to prevent theft. While $20 a day isn't cheap for valet, you get top notch service. We would call down 5 to 15 minutes ahead of time before heading to the lower lobby for our vehicle and were never kept waiting longer than a minute or two. In most cases, the car was ready to go when we arrived. I didn't tip every time when picking up or dropping off (you tend not to keep cash in your swim trunks), but made sure they knew I loved the service when I had an extra single on me.The room maintenance! We had a small issue with the tub not draining, and the balcony door sensor for the AC broken when we first arrived. I called the morning we noticed the issues and went down to pick up my car from the valet. I had to return to the room to pick up my forgotten camera, and the maintenance man showed up at that time, less than 15 minutes after making the call. Things were fixed promptly, and he was very professional, and very friendly.The restaurant/bar! Tiki's is one of the most underrated places on the Waikiki beachfront. The food was excellent, the service fast and a real treat. (I wish I could remember the name of our server, since he was a really great guy) The decor is classy and classic at the same time. The view from the patio overlooking the ocean with Tiki torches overhead makes a perfect place for dinner/drinks and the sunset. The music in the bar is great too, sets the mood for chilling with a cold one. Even the Tiki character on the sign and his big statue by the front entrance still gives me a smile when I think about it. Whoever came up with that gets a pat on the back. We only dined once, but the food was delicious, and very reasonable. Dessert was excellent, albeit we had to take it to go and enjoy in our room since we were too full from dinner. The drinks in the bar were mixed well, and beer was ice cold. Best part about both places, is the ability to get a table or place at the bar with next to no wait. Other comparable restaurants/bars like Dukes and The Cheescake Factory usually have a 30 to 60 minute wait for a table, but at Tikis there was space to spare, thanks to being at the quieter end of Waikiki Beach.The Bad:The AC. The Air Conditioner in our room lacked decent airflow, and made more noise than cool air. The first couple of days we were on the island, we were not climatized to the heat and the humidity. On the first 2 nights, we slept with the window open to keep cool with the breeze instead. After that, we found the AC could keep the room at 23 to 24 celcius if we left it on all day and night, otherwise, we came back to a 30 degree sauna in the late afternoon. Any colder was just not possible, no matter how low you set the temp. The old AC unit made a ton of racket too, a steady knocking rattling sound. This kept me from having a decent sleep, so I resorted to sleeping with a pillow over my head. While this sounds extreme, it is rather normal for me, as my wife frequently sleeps with the television on.The cleanliness/finish in the bathroom. While the rest of the room seems spic and span and very recently decorated, the bathroom seems to just have a coat of paint splashed on it and new sink/tub/toilet fixtures. The grout in the floor and splash tiles was dirty, and the walls were a bit scratched and dirty as well. The hair dryer was functional, but had a good chunk of the plastic casing missing, making me question it's safety. One thing that really stuck out was the cleanliness of the lightswitch. It was filthy. Changing these on a regular basis should be considered, since it costs a dollar or two at most and 5 minutes time.Using your cardkey in the elevator. This is a royal pain in the arse, especially if you have your hands full with shopping bags or breakfast. While security of the guests is paramount, nothing stops someone from hopping in the elevator with a guest and punching a random floor when the guest swipes their card instead. I noticed you sometimes had to make several attempts (sometimes 10 or more) to swipe your card before it was accepted. If you don't do it in a timely fashion, the elevator may skip your floor, and you have to do a round trip to the top of the hotel and back down. I would suggest running a wet card reader cleaner in these readers on a regular basis, as the poor read consistency is probably due to dirty mag heads. Even better, just switch it off during the daytime hours of 7am to 7pm and have security check each floor on a regular basis.The apartments/hostels behind the hotel. The dumpy 4 story apartment/hostel buildings behind the hotel creates a lousy atmosphere for guests whose rooms overlook this area. The guests of those buildings regularly gather in front late at night and make a fair bit of noise, and leave garbage in front of their buildings. We noted the police breaking up 'gatherings' on more than a couple of occasions late at night during our 6 night stay. I did take a stroll by these buildings take one night, and was greeted by a couple of aloha's and one friendly greeting of 'do you want to get high?'. As long as you steer clear of the backside area of the hotel at night, you should be fine.As you can see, the good things about this hotel FAR outweigh the bad. The renovations and new look of the hotel are obvious pluses. If you can still get the $129 deal thru Travelzoo, which includes dates in Sept and beyond IIRC, go for it. Many thanks to the staff at Resortquest Waikiki Beach, you made our trip very memorable.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>jvmaddux
<Content>medium priced hotel, medium priced quality We stayed in room 734....ocean front room...from May 20 through May 28th.The view was amazing! It was great sitting on the balcony looking at the ocean, and watching all of the people.The hotel is advertised as recently remodelled. And, it does have fresh paint, newer decorations, new carpeting and a flat screen t.v. However, it is still a very old hotel. And, the renovations were not of the highest quality.The bathroom door had probably 20 layers of paint applied over the years, and the paint was chipping off. The Bathroom floor tile had black mildew looking stains, and cracked tile. The bathtub surrond appeared to be new. However, it was just a cheap plastic insert. This is basically a Motel 6 with a flat screen t.v. and great view.The breakfast on the beach was free...so, I hate to be negative...but, it tasted free....pre-processed, institutional type food. The eggs did not appear to be real eggs, but, some kind of egg substitute, they served them in a plastic container with four soggy tater-tots. The breakfast burrito, had these same fake eggs rolled into a tortilla. The fresh fruit was good, the coffee was good, and of course, they had boxed cereal and danishes. However, this is not a scrumptious breakfast as many reviews would lead you to believe. We gave the hotel breakfast four trys...and then could simply not stomach it any more, and chose McDonalds over this stuff!!!The staff was mostly friendly, and the rooms were mostly clean. There was some dust on the overhang curtain that was above the bed. Upon check-in, the bell man was rather insistent on taking our luggage, and we were on vacation, so thought...sure, why not....he said it would be in our room when we checked in. Check in only took five minutes...and when we arrived in our room, there were no bags...we waited nearly 45 minutes for our bags to arrive!....that was a drag...excited about being in Hawaii...and just wanted to jump in the ocean...but, had to wait for our bags for our swimsuits....so, do not let the bell men take your luggage.The Tiki's bar and grill is located just several floors beneath our room. And, while it was fun watching people, enjoying the music, etc... The rooms are not insulated well....and the inebriated chatter became louder as the night progressed and continued until closing at 1 a.m. each morning. In addition, they have a live band that plays until 12 p.m. I didn't expect the bar noise would bother me...as I assumed I would be up later than I was...However, because of jet-lag, and time difference....I was in bed several nights by 10 p.m.....and it was nearly impossible to sleep...I bought some ear plugs that helped some....but the bar and grill is noisy.The hotel really needs to invest in some sound proof insulation, and multi-layed glass patio doors to block this noise when not wanted.With all of this said...this was a medium priced hotel overlooking the ocean...so, I did not expect a Lodge of the 4 Seasons, or W. The hotel was adequate, and probably a good one for the price.Would I stay here again if the price were right? Not unless, I was assured that the rooms were insulated from the noise...when I want to sleep...I want to sleep. Should you stay here? If you are sure you can stay up past midnight....regardless of jet lag....and, if staying at a Motel 6 type hotel does not bother you...sure, this is a good bargain. But, if you are looking for a plush hotel, and plenty of early sleep...this place is not for you.I am amazed at all of the other reviews on this site....it makes me think they must be planted by the hotel....most everyone I spoke with at the hotel had the same general impression...not very impressed...and were upset by the noise from the bar and grill....interesting not many mention these kinda important facts.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	4	3	2	

<Author>Des2008
<Content>Resort Quest Waikiki Beach Hotel - The place to stay We stayed at this hotel for a week prior to our Hawaii islands and Alaska cruises.Our decision was based on the various reports found on Trip Advisor and others.We were celebrating our 35 wedding anniversary and did not want anything to spoil our fun and holiday. On arrival we were pleasantly met by the reception staff, unusual to have the reception on the first floor, who upgraded us to sea facing room with balcony. The view and room were more than adequate for our needs and having read about the various concerns of previous visitors we comment as follows:Lifts 鈥?we found them to be no worse than any other hotel especially at peak timesDoor key/security card 鈥?we did experience some problems, possibly a bit frustratingValet parking 鈥?we had no vehicle and used local transport for which the hotel is in the ideal position with bus stops etc in front of the hotelRoom cleanliness 鈥?room was always fresh and clean, no problem with drainsBed/mattress 鈥?these must be the most comfortable beds in the world to sleep onBreakfast 鈥?good selection , went to the room if the pool deck had no seating available 鈥?it was all a matter of timing. Complimentary cooler bag was a great idea!!Tiki鈥檚 grill  bar 鈥?we felt that it was slightly overrated with interesting food selectionLocation 鈥?great position for the beach, local tours and bus/tramHaving traveled half way around the world from South Africa we would happily recommend this hotel to anybody visiting Waikiki/Honolulu and would love to return one day.  
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Shivuuu
<Content>Plesant Stay I had a good stay @ Resort Quest beach hotel . The location was great . Staff were friendly and always try their best to keep the guests happy . The hotel according to me is a three star (***) since the restroom was very ordinary . Bed , LCD TV , beach front view are good additions to this hotel . Complimentary breakfast was not great , very stale food . I would have preferred a smaller selection with good quality . Tiki restaurant had good food !!Hotel staff are doing a good job with the infrastructure they have but they need to work on Elevator , Restroom and breakfast to make it a better one . I would stay in this place again if I get a good deal !!  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>F123
<Content>Loved the Resort Quest Waikiki Beach Hotel We stayed in this hotel for a week and it was everything we wanted. The hotel is in a great location, directly across from the beach, with lovely views. When we arrived the initial room we had booked was too small for our party of 3 so we upgraded to a junior suite and we had double the room. The d茅cor of the room is very vibrant and the beds were very comfortable, the bathroom was of standard size. We found the receptionist staff very friendly and welcoming and the pool attendant to be very helpful and fun each day of our stay. There is a Tiki Grill beside the pool which serves nice meals and a nice caf茅 downstairs and a delicious ice-cream parlour. The hotel provides complimentary breakfast for guests and they have entertainment which is a great start to the day. I would highly recommend staying in this hotel as it was everything we were looking for and I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>THE INSPECTOR
<Content>Great Hotel-Average breakfast. On our first visit to Hawaii we searched for the ideal hotel on the beach with views etc The main feature we were looking forward to was the romantic 'breakfast on the beach'.The real reason why a visit to the beach is encouraged is there is insufficient seating. The hot food is in plastic containers and you have to read the label to recognize what your eating. (powdered egg with bacon etc) We found the best option was the cereal which is hard to juggle on your lap on the beach. As with all large cities there is many homeless people living on the beach opposite the hotel so we shared our breakfast with them.Purely from occupational health and safety reasons I would suggest that the Hotel provide sufficient chairs and tables for their guests to have breakfast. ( guests are juggling hot coffee on banana lounges etc) Our welcome upon arrival was unusual-No smoking in the room-sign a form (we don't smoke),here's your cards the lifts are over there. At the lift another quests card did not work and one of ours was faulty.also. Most hotels have another person assisting with customer service on the customer side of the counter.The ocean view room had a great view along the coastline and was clean with modern facilities and a comfortable bed.The location is perfect with the beach opposite and tours and trolley buses etc. available at the main entrance. To summarize a great hotel with average breakfast and customer service  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>rockohorse
<Content>Standard hotel - loud music Standard hotel, we booked this because a friend had recommended the breakfast on the beach. They give you little soft coolers and you go and pick up your breakfast - cereal, juice, milk, coffee/tea, breakfast burritos and something that is supposed to be french toast. You can eat by the pool or go across the road to the beach and have a seat and eat. It's not too bad, and you can get the french toast and feed the fish with it - go down to one of the walls that jut out to the ocean and you'll have fish swimming up in no time.The restaurant below had music till late and the breakfast entertainment started at 7 or 7:30 am and was a little loud - that said, if you stayed in the marriott next door you'd probably be subjected to the same music and it would probably cost you more.Our room had a few quirks - the hairdryer didn't work and the tub didn't drain properly - but as we were there a day we didn't care. You can leave your bags at the car/bag place on the way in/out and trip around. That was very handy since we had a late flight out the next day. Super nice people, good location and good price, everything else was basic but if you don't care then its an ok place to stay.  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>3	3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BessyBallymoney
<Content>Simply Paradise We stayed at this fantastic hotel for 9 nights and I could not rave about it enough. Everything was perfect - the most comfortable bed I have ever come across in any hotel and the pillows were great too! Liked having a fridge in the room very handy for water. The views from out Beachfront room were breathtaking. Absolutely loved the 'breakfast on the beach idea' We planned this holiday to meet my sister and her family from Australia and could not have chosen a better place for our family reunion.Only negative was there are no tea or coffee making facilities in the room (us British love our tea!!) but it is not a big negative. There are ice machines and drink vending machines on every floor.Thank you so much for making our holiday a success!!!  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>deltadawn103
<Content>Cant wait to go back! We stayed at the Resort Quest Waikiki Beach for 5 days before heading on a cruise. We had an ocean front room on the 10th floor. The beds were so comfortable I can't stop telling everyone how comfy they were, I dont think I have ever had such a comfortable bed in any hotel before. I loved being able to get up every morning early (due to the time change for us) around 5 am and watch the surfers head out to ride the waves. Both my husband and I would sit out on the lanai and watch all the surfers go by. The location was great close to everything. The breakfasts were good and the kona coffee was the best we had had anywhere. We are back home now and I wish I was back there on the lanai. We will be back hopefully sooner than later. Thank you for a wonderful experience.C  TDelta, Canada  
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Katiebear22
<Content>Too many good things to say!! My family and I traveled to Oahu for the first time a few weeks ago, and while trying to plan our trip we found choosing where to stay to be a very daunting task. We found a deal for the Resortquest Waikiki Beach Hotel from Travelzoo.com. After reading reviews from others on tripadvisor.com, we decided to book. I must say my experience at this hotel was excellent. The room we had was very large and comfortable. We decided not to spring for an ocean view room as we knew we wouldn't spend much time in the room. The beds were by far the best thing about the room. They were soooooo comfortable, I had an excellent restful sleep every night, which prepared me for all the activities we had packing into the day. The room was clean and nicely decorated, without feeling tacky. There was an enormous flat screen tv, which played Hawaii TV, which my family and I really enjoyed while in the room. The only negatives I would have about the room is that our bathroom could have been cleaner, and we did have a number of issues with our keys being deactivated. However, these are minor issues and the staff was very helpful when dealing with them. There is also a cost for internet access in your room however WiFi is free around the pool. The other major benefits to this hotel are its location and its amenities. The hotel is literally right across from Waikiki Beach, which cant be beat because there is no long trek to and from the beach. In fact, we never even went in the pool because the beach was so close! Also, the hotel restaurant, Tiki's had delicious food and drinks, friendly staff and was very reasonable. Also, the bottom level of the hotel has a conveniently located Wolfgang Puck Express and Cold Stone Creamery, both of which my family and I enjoyed and an ABC store around the corner. Lastly, I couldn't have more positive things to say about the staff. The front desk and housekeeping were always pleasant. We loved chatting with Dale at the poolside, we found Stacey at the Expedia desk very helpful when booking our rental car. Most of all, we couldn't say more about the Eric, the musician and the Hula dancer who accompanies him every morning at breakfast. The music and the dancing was a wonderful way to start everyday. The last day they even played a goodbye song to my family and I because we had become such fans and they taught us how to hula! The breakfast had a lot of variety and saved us alot of money on food!We fell in love with Hawaii and when we return it will certainly be to stay at the Resortquest Waikiki Beach Hotel! Mahalo! Mahalo! Mahalo!  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>MacFields
<Content>We will be back! After two and a half months of touring China, Europe and the Mid West USA we were exhausted and really looking forward to the last leg of our round the world trip.We were not disappointed. The Hotel staff, amenities and rooms were great. Excellent service. Compared to London and Paris the room was enormous. Breakfast was a little strange ( as in the hot food offered) guess it was an american thing. Hawaii is a beautiful place to unwind and relax, this Hotel let you do that. We liked it so much we will be returning August 2009 with the rest of the family.  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Oromocto
<Content>Just Dandy We just spent 8 nights at the Resortquest Waikiki Hotel in Honolulu and enjoyed every minute of it. Upon arrival, we were checked into a room with two beds with an ocean view. As it was just the two of us, we called Front Desk to request a King bed, and was promptly moved, even tho' it was late in the evening. They provide you with individual cooler bags in your room to pick up your free breakfast in the morning, to enjoy poolside with the live music  hula dancer, or to take to the beach to eat. The Hotel conveniently located just across the street from the beach, while others are several blocks away. It's close to the Zoo  the Aquarium. We had an amazing time and the people were fantastic! Thanks for making our dream trip a reality!  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>reggieks
<Content>Perfect Location Perfect location, just across the street from Waikiki Beach, and right in the middle of the shopping, restaurants and activities in Waikiki. Although the room was probably smaller than most hotels I've stayed in, if you're looking for a really comfortable bed, lots of clean towels and an incredible ocean view, this is a great hotel. The breakfast wasn't your typical continental breakfast, there was always fruit, yogurt and an assortment of hot dishes, and everyday there were different dishes.  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>ilanac13
<Content>good location - ok value I'm not sure if this hotel was what i was expecting, but i suppose i got what i paid for. The 'complimentary breakfast' was little more than 2 forkfuls of scrambled eggs and 3 tater tots, but you could go back for more i suppose. The Tiki restaurant was open on the first night that i was there, but then closed for the remainder of my stay for renovations, so that wasn't very nice. In addition, i was staying in a room that was capable of being adjoined - and the people staying in the room next door kept trying to open the locked door to my room, and banging on the door. The good thing though was that it's centrally located and right on the beach, so that was really nice.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PolynesianPop
<Content>Nice Experience - Family Had a Blast!       The view from our balcony!  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	2	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bakphoenix
<Content>Great experience We took a shuttle from the airport and had driven through the not-so-nice areas of Honolulu and the parts of Waikiki Beach that were just shops and restaurants, but no beach. We hit a stretch of beach that was beautiful, and thought we had stopped in traffic, but a pleasant surprise was that we had arrived at our hotel, and we would be staying directly across the street from this great stretch of beach.The reception was very pleasant, the front desk gave us a warm and friendly reception, like they were truly glad to see us. They gave our child a welcome kit while we got the keys. It was nice to see all smiling faces after a long flight and a shuttle ride. The room was nice, colorful. The layout reveals it has been around a good number of years, but there was no sign of neglect in the room--all paint, furniture, wallpaper and carpeting were very fresh. The entire property was well-maintained. We got upgraded to a room that also had a great view of Diamond Head as well as an ocean view. Breakfast on the Beach was a nice concept...since the food is all meant to be grab-and-go if needed, it can't be quite as tailored as if it were to be served and eaten right there. The fruits and fresh juices were great. The hot items were nice to have, and for free, I was happy with them, but again, are mass-produced for people to eat later on that day, if they choose, so expectations should be adjusted to take that into consideration. Even if you didn't walk to the beach, you can sit poolside with an excellent ocean view. What a great way to enjoy some breakfast and morning coffee!Location...great! The best beach on Waikiki. Even my friends who live in Honolulu were impressed with the location. Waikiki itself is really a lot of stores and chain restaurants, so having the park on the other side really was nice.I found that the first time I was on the elevator, people were explaining to me how they worked, as I would later find out, they are a bit quirky, but most people found it had something of a charm. They seem to have minds of their own--if you don't put your key in fast enough (coming from the beach with your hands full makes it hard). Nothing awful, but unexpected. If you go to Honolulu, this place will help round out the experience nicely.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>iburngb
<Content>Honeymoon trip It was our first trip to Hawaii. It was our honeymoon. It was the best time of our life...... ........ Well it started off great. We landed at about 12:00, had a limo waiting at baggage claim to give us beautiful leis. At the airport they were selling for about $50 +. The limo is a must if it is your first time visit. The only inconvenience is that if you want a rental car then you must find transportation from the hotel to the rental car facility. but it was not difficult at all. I believe the limo was around $133 round trip with leis. This was well worth it. ABC limousine was the company we used. I will definitely use them the next time, yes next time. With the limo we were allowed to sit back enjoy the scenery, give each other kisses then back to all the oh's and awhh's at all the beautiful things. No worries about directions, traffic, trying to sight see, etc...  We arrived at ResourtQuest Waikiki Beach hotel. From the outside it was nice. Nothing extreme but very pleasing. Checked in our luggage, then on up to the check in counter. This is where our first headache started. They first asked if we would stay in a downgraded room for two nights then they would upgraded us to better room than what we originally paid for (they overbooked the rooms). The only thing was it was from sister site down the street. They did say they would pay for a taxi. but really, we did not want to unpack for a couple of days then pack it up to move down the road. I do not think it was not that big of a upgrade. So i said no thanks. Well then they tell me they do not have the king bed i asked for. they only had twin beds. I told them that it was our honeymoon and that twin beds was not an option. well we went on for about 15 minutes they finally agreed that we would stay in the twin bed room for one day then they could move us to a room with a king bed. We gave in and said yes. well after we got in the room we thought if we were going to have to move to another room the next day we might as well take them up on there previous offer of the free upgrade, although in another hotel. Well needless to say, that offer no longer existed. oh well snooze you loose. Well our first room was nice. Small, but not too bad. Great view of Diamond head, probably one of the best views of it. Nice Hawaiian decor. We really could not complain except for the beds. The next day we went to our new room. it was on the other side of the hotel so we lost our Diamond Head view. But we gained a better view of the ocean. Much, Much better. Some may think of it as a downside others an upside. we were also right above the bar, and pool area. we thought of it as an benefit. we enjoyed opening the lanai and listening to the music, watching all the people dancing. it was nice to us. We could close the door and most all the music was drowned out. our first impressions of the hotel were good. The only thing is the overbooked of rooms and having to settle with a twin bed for one night. but you know crap happens and we were on top of the world, so it did not bother us that much. I mean a bed is a bed is a bed, if you know where i am coming from. We really enjoyed the breakfast experience. The food was uhhhhh, well so so. but the idea was amazing. It led us toward some great memories. In your room you have two small collapsible coolers. You use them for breakfast (or whatever you would like). You take your cooler downstairs and load it up with breakfast items that changes every other day. Either breakfast burritos, or sandwiches plus the fruits, cereal's, juices etc... We could and did take it down to the beach and eat it on a beach towel you can check out from the hotel. This created a memory we will never forget. Of course anyone can do this themselves but they make it easier for you. We went to the beach for breakfast twice, the rest of the times we took it back to our room and ate out on the lanai or ate in the car on the go.  Speaking of on the go we rented a car. We rented a sebring convertible. I would recommend a car. the reason for us it that we had reservations for shark diving one day, then swimming with dolphins another day. Then we went to Pearl Harbor, flea market at the stadium, PCC, a dinner cruise, North shore and more so we were very busy. We avoided the hassle of worrying about weather to get a taxi, the bus, what times the bus run. etc... We did use the bus though. Very nice and we would not need a car if we did not have so much planned and so much traveling the island. If we were (i mean when) return it is a high probability we would stay at this same hotel again. We liked it very well especially for its price. Sorry I can not remember the exact price. if you needed it i can find out just let me know. I did know that we stayed for 7 days 6 nights. We spent $5000. That was for airfare, hotel, PCC (upgraded Ambassador Luau package $118 each ) shark diving ($120 each), swimming with the dolphins ($199 each) limo ($133), rental car ($54 a day), and the eats, souvenirs, etc... So we did good with $5000. Over all we would recommend this hotel. 7.5 out of 10. Would been a 8 out of 10 if not for the bed mix-up.Enjoy your next trip,Mike  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>3	4	-1	4	4	2	3	3	

<Author>kmarsh99
<Content>Great Hotel! Great Value! Stayed here for two nights 4/6 and 4/7. Fantastic location! Also loved the Breakfast on the Beach and free lunch bag - good time and money saver. When we arrived we were upgraded to a full oceanview on the top floor, loved it! Staff was very friendly.Only negatives are the bathroom is a little small and valet can take a long time even when you call ahead. I would definitely stay here again and I highly recommend this hotel!  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>eagle0120
<Content>A very nice, comfortable property! We both very much enjoyed this hotel and would stay again. Fun and vibrant colors, excellent location, friendly and not stuffy atmosphere.We took a chance on this place, and were extremely happy.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Oahugirl12
<Content>Loved the Breakfast on the Beach I stayed at the RQ Waikiki Beach hotel as part of a travel package. I probably would not have chosen it otherwise as it is out of my normal budget range.I am glad I stayed here. Guests are provided with a daily Breakfast-on-the-Beach, a full breakfast served to go. There was plenty to chose from.The rooms and furnishings were comfortable and clean. The views of the beach and oceans were perfect.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kelli050
<Content>Absolutely wonderful...Very highly recommended!!!       View down  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>sdsuguy
<Content>Spring Break       View from room 2315  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>hopkins5
<Content>Better than I expected! Would stay again!!!!       Evening is Beautiful  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Samantha290
<Content>Fantastic Hotel!!!!! Would Recommend it to anyone :) My family and I stayed at the Resortquest Waikiki Beach Hotel for one week over spring break. It was fantastic! It was everything I would hope it would be! It had an amazing view and an even better location. The hotel is right across the street from Waikiki beach and has it's own pool if you get tired of the laying in the sand. It offers a free breakfest and lunchboxes so you can take your breakfest and eat it on the beach. (I did this every morning!). The rooms were clean and the service was phenominal. Everyone was so friendy and helpful...especially the people working at the pool. They were just so nice. I was so sad when I had to leave Hawaii. It was my first time there, and this hotel made it extra special. I would definetly recommend this hotel to anyone. Great deals, great location, great views (waikiki beach and diamond head), just an amazing hotel overall.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>ColoradoBrits
<Content>Very good for families.       Sunset view from Lanai.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>EKLPittsburgh_Pa
<Content>A wonderful place to stay! My husband and I stayed at the ResortQuest Waikiki Beach from 3/6 to 3/14. I can't imagine a better hotel for the price that we paid! The staff was incredibly courteous  friendly, from the front desk clerks to the housekeeping staff.Yes, some of the rooms are small, but our room with 2 double beds was positively enormous! I really don't undertand all the complaints about the elevators - relax, you're in Hawaii! So what if it takes an extra 30 seconds to get to your room?Rooms are very clean and comfortable, and having a flat-panel TV and a mini-fridge was icing on the cake!Each morning, we would enjoy our complimentary Breakfast on the Beach, served in the hotel's pool area - food was very good, and the entertainment (hula girl  singer) was lovely. I cannot say enough nice things about the hotel's bar, Tiki's. Wonderful bartenders, excellent food and drinks. Try the kalua pig nachos!Next time we're in Hawaii, we'll be back to the ResortQuest!  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Chewster
<Content>Clean gets my vote The staff at the hotel was friendly and helpful. The hotel room was a good size and clean which I very much appreciated. The valet parking was fast and friendly.The internet worked well but I thought it was a bit pricey.The breakfast bag was a novelty. There was a selection of breads, cereals, yogurt and fruits, juices, coffee and teas that were great, but the hot entrees left much to be desired. The first day there were a variety of okay prepacked scrambled eggs and bunwiches, but the second day was mostly deep fried foods where I would have appreciated protien. The staff kept the servers well stocked so you could dine and dash or take it along in your bag.  The elevator needs some work as we spent many minutes trying to get the key cards to be accepted. At one point there were five different room cards that were tried before one would work. Took a ride up past the 22 floor then all the way back to the lobby before we could get it working!I would stay here again. The rooms were a decent size, quiet, the air worked, it was well maintained and clean. The staff is friendly and helpful.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>beegeez8
<Content>Nice hotel.....if you don't expect too much. Its nice, if you're trying to keep costs down. When you get there ask for a room on a higher floor if you want a better view. They usually cooperate. I had an ocean front view room. It was nice, but nothing fancy. The two best things about the room were the bed and the view. The bed was very comfy! The service was friendly too......and it was a good price. What more could you ask for? Its located on the east/south end of Waikiki, so if your into being right in the middle of all the action (by the BeachWalk and most of the restauraunts on the beach.....There are only a few, and you'll have to wait awhile for a table on the beach) it may not be your style, but I liked it cause it wasnt as busy at our end.....and trust me....you'll appreciate that by the end of your trip cause its VERY busy Waikiki! So be preapred to walk and to wait for a table at just about any popular restaurant. Another bad thing was the service at the hotel restaurant, Tiki's. You'll come to find that when they talk about the Aloha Spirit it means Poor Service in alot of places. The breakfast they provide consists of Scrambled eggs, mini bagels and muffins, coffee, french toast sticks, bagels sandwiches, and donuts. Different things on different days....and they supply you with large towels for use on the beach. I'd stay there again if the price was right, but I think I'll spend my money in Maui next time, cause its not as busy. Have fun! Be sure to go snorkeling at Hanauma Bay !  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>RNontheRun
<Content>Tiny Rooms but Very Nice We were a group travelling for a conference and staying extra days, and we had quite a bit of luggage. The regular rooms were very small, but adequate for two people. Keep in mind, your bed choices are king or 2 full-size beds, no queens! The suites were perfect for 3 or 4 people, though. We each had our 'closet' area, and the sitting room was great for having coffee and waking up, having breakfast in the room, etc. The breakfasts provided by the pool were great, and really you could find something for every taste. I loved the toasted coconut coffee and I wish I could have found some to bring home with me!! The staff were exceptionally friendly, from the bell hops to the valet staff, and expecially the house cleaning and room service staff! Restaurants were all right, I guess, but I would have liked more menu options at Tiki's Bar and Grill. I loved the quesadillo at Wolfgang Puck's, and the cookies were SO good. All in all, I would stay here again, if I could have the suite!!!  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>cajunsand1
<Content>Had a great time!       View from room  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>vix814
<Content>would have been perfect if not for the construction This was an excellent hotel with a nice atmosphere and in a great location. As close to the beach as you can get, the ResortQuest Waikiki Beach is also in the middle of everything.. great restaurants, shopping, street entertainment on the weekends, and other great things. The hotel's restaurant, Tiki's Bar and Grill, is EXCELLENT! We absolutely loved everything we ordered--food, drinks, and appetizers, and the wait staff was very friendly.The woman at the front desk at check in was not helpful and unfriendly, but the other staff was very nice and accommodating.The only other complaint was that while we were there, the hotel was under construction, which made it somewhat loud and at times inconvenient. However, we were aware of the construction beforehand and the plans for the renovated hotel looked beautiful.The breakfast buffet was excellent. There was a great variety that did not get old after an 8 night stay. The food was all great and you can take the food to go in convenient bags--either to the beach, to go on a tour, or back to your room. A great amenity especially for the great price of the room.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	2	3	-1	

<Author>rar6621
<Content>Great location, good value Great location just across the street from the heart of Waikiki Beach. Room was clean and comfortable. Complimentary breakfast is a bit over-rated, but it's free. Found a great rate, thanks to a tip we received from Travelzoo.com. Enjoyed our stay.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>vseko
<Content>Great Location in Waikiki A wonderful location. The beach is right across the street and on the Waikiki shopping strip. It is only a quick walk to the International Market Place. The front desk and the ladies at the Expedia booth were very friendly and helpful. My favorite staff member was the always smiling pool guy. hThere is an information booth east of the hotel that gave us some good advise on public transit and events. There is also a free shopping shuttle that picks you up in front of the hotel to take you to Hilo Hatties. On the return trip, the shuttle will drop you off at places like Chinatown, Aloa Moana Shopping Mall. Just mention it to te driver.Our room was small but clean. There was 4 of us, so we had 2 double beds. The hotel did not have any queen beds. Our suite came with a LCD TV, dryer and fridge. There was an internet cable, but watch out before you plug your labtop in because there is a daily charge which the hotel sort of forgot to mention it to you. There was an ice machine outside our room. It was malfunctioning and made ice crunching noise every 30 minutes. Kinda irritating when your trying to sleep at night. I phoned the front desk and the maintenance folks fixed it for one night but it started up again. The complimentary breakfast was okay for our needs. They served cereal, pastries, bagels, yogurt, scrambled eggs, egg burritos, coffee, juice, fruit, miso soup, green noodles, and some rice triangles.The only negative thing about our vacation was that we had booked our trip through ResortQuest Reservation [--] and was told that every suite in the ResortQuest Waikiki Beach Hotel came with a microwave and coffee maker. This was not the case because none of the rooms in this hotel came with these amenities. So be warned, do not believe everything you hear when you phone the ResortQuest Reservation line. Best to phone the hotel directly for the correct information.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>NycCarmenSanDiego
<Content>Perfect Location, great Breakfast!       View from Lanai  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	3	4	2	3	

<Author>coldinerie1
<Content>Great Room and Location       Diamond Head from our room  
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PRAdam
<Content>Fantastic Location Absolutely fantastic location; at the south end of Waikiki with the beach straight across the road. Breakfast was included in the price but was a disappointment; they seemed to have a lot of choices but nothing I fancied. The French toast was weird and the vegetable burritos are not my style for breakfast. A simple option of bacon sausages and eggs would have been preferable. None the less I found some juice and some fruit salad which did the job.Absolutely an easy walk from all the shopping and beach activities at Waikiki. I would certainly stay there again (in fact we did on the way home)  
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	3	2	4	-1	

<Author>MNM7
<Content>Ok, but not impressed We stayed at this hotel for one night, prior to leaving for a cruise. The location is great, right on Waikiki beach. I had contacted the hotel prior to our stay to see if they offered shuttle service from the airport and to get info on Pearl Harbor tours. They recommended VIP shuttle, and said to contact the concierge desk when we arrived for tour info. Not really that much help, in my opinion.We did book transportation through VIP from the airport. There was a rep standing their with our name on a sign and transported our luggage to the shuttle. I thought that since there was a group of 8 that we'd have our own shuttle, but in reality we had to make two stops at other hotels before arriving to the ResortQuest. The cost was $10/each. The shuttle dropped us off at the curb and the bell services took our luggage. We went up one floor to check-in. That was pretty easy. We then went to the travel concierge, which was moreso a row of travel groups trying to sell tours. I was looking for unbiased info on what our options were, not a tour group trying to sell us something. So after being given a few brochures and being told to be back to book by 6:00, we made our way to our rooms.  The elevators were very slow, and confusing. The elevator system required us to enter our room key before we could enter the floor we needed. I know it's a security feature, but it was really more of a pain than anything. We got to the room to find the bellhop waiting with our luggage for his tip. The rooms are very small, surprisingly so. It also smelt like cigarette smoke, even though you had to sign an agreement acknowledging that the entire hotel is smoke free. But we figured it was one night no big deal. What bothered me most was the bathroom. For over $200 I expect the bathroom to be clean. The floors were filthy. And we couldn't believe there wasn't a fan in there! There really wasn't a good mirror to use when getting ready the next morning since the bathroom mirror was all fogged up.Like I said before, the best feature of the hotel is the location. We walked over to Waikiki beach and walked down the street to take in the scenery. The beds were pretty comfortable too, though full sized not queen. Our fellow travelers commented that the breakfast was very good. Unfortunately, our tour bus left for Pearl Harbor at 6:15, and breakfast did not start until 6:30. When we checked out we commented that they should start a little earlier. The lady checking us out was nice enough to flag down a staff member and they offered us the collapsible coolers that are provided for breakfast. I thought it was nice of them to do that, and those did come in handy on our cruise. They did have coffee available, and sodas. But it sounds like we missed out on the best feature fo the hotel, the breakfast. Overall, I wasn't very impressed with the hotel. I wouldn't run for the hills if you have a stay booked here and can't cahnge it. But I also wouldn't be too quick to recommend it. I expected more for the money.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	5	1	3	3	-1	

<Author>007Cambridge
<Content>Nice Hotel A nice hotel in an excellent location, on the quieter part of Waikiki beach. The free breakfast is an added bonus. The rooms are small, and beginning to show wear and tear, but do the job. We had the same problem with the lifts as everybody else. Overall a good Hotel at the price, in an excellent location.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	4	4	

<Author>Findus42
<Content>Great Value Hotel My wife and I just spent our 5th anniversary in Oahu and chose the Resortquest for it's location right across from the beach and the positive reviews we had seen.I would like to thank the staff at the Resortquest for their wonderful hospitality during our stay there. Our Ocean View room was comfortable and looked out directly to the ocean, for the price, it was perfect for us. There is nothing quite like hearing the ocean when you drift off to sleep at night.Tiki's Bar  Grill that is found down on the 1st floor was a perfect place to have fun and hear live music and was actually our favorite bar/restaurant from the whole trip! I was addicted to their Lava Flow drinks and the Ponzu Chicken was quite simply the best chicken dish i have ever tasted...and that is no lie! This bar is a must for anybody visiting Waikiki!There were just a few things that stopped the hotel from being a 5 out of 5 for us. The elevator card was quite a pain and on many occasions didn't work, the pool was very small and the breakfast buffet, tho a nice idea, really wasn't particularly good.That said, the hotel is well worth the money and the view, staff, bar, and rooms were more than adequate and made our first stay in Waikiki beach, a truly memorable one :-)  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	2	

<Author>kc700
<Content>Not Recommended I expected so much more . My room was very small. Had to use a card to use elevator which took a long time to arrive. Free breakfast was just okay. Pool is much smaller than pictures. My room had no coffee machine or microwave. Room did have a great view but didn't make up for the small room. Valet service was good but cost 20.00 a day for parking which should be free. Positive - close to beach, valet parking, next to main street with shops.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	3	3	2	

<Author>Fellow-Canadian
<Content>Nothing to Write Home About!!       Standard Room  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	1	3	3	1	

<Author>Beachbab31
<Content>This Is The Place To Stay For The Average Family This is our 3rd trip to Waikiki and I have to say it is the best place yet. Our stay right from check-in to check-out was totally awesome. Before I booked our hotel I read all the reviews on the properties that we were interested in and I could not find any real bad ones on this property. The things that people complained about were things like the fact that you entered the hotel and had to go up one floor to the front desk or that the elevators were slow. The elevators were the same as any of the other hotels we have stayed at and we stayed for 2 weeks on the 23rd floor and didn't find it a problem. My son has alot of allergies and last year we stayed at the Miramar which everyone reported was fine. Not! There was so much mold in the room my son became very ill and was coughing up blood by the 5th day. So this year I decided to contact the hotel manager of this hotel myself to explain our issues. What I got was a wonderful man who really cares about the guests and went out of his way to ensure that we were looked after. Our housekeeper kept our room spotless and she even went as far as lining our shoes up. Any request that we had was taken care of instantly. We stayed in 2328 which was a junior suite and it was exactly as it shows on the site. I am very picky especially about cleanliness issues and I have not one complaint about this hotel. Its right across the street from the beach and the Wolfgang Pucks restaurant is in the bottom which is very good by the way. Stay away from Cheeseburger in Paradise the food is disgusting. Anyway I can't say enough about this hotel. Keep up the great work ResortQuest Waikiki Beach Hotel. See you next year!!  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Mommystyle
<Content>Another Great Time! We stayed at this property for a long weekend to attend the Pro-Bowl. As on our last stay, we had a wonderful time. The property has gone through some renovations since we were last there, and the rooms are nicer with widescreen televisions.Everyone there was exceptionally nice, and even when we had a leak coming from the room above us, it was taken care of so fast that it didnt cause us a problem at all.Special thanks to Glenn at the Front Desk! He was very helpful and nice.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>char070
<Content>better then expected My family and I just got back from staying at this hotel (17-21). What can i say, we were more then pleased with our stay here. Asked for ocenview and got it and am soooo happy with our view, we ate breakfast every morning from our balcony. The staff was friendly rooms always clean, grounds very well kept, worth the money for singles, couples and families. Being across from the beach and next door to DiamondHead and the zoo was a plus!Would recommend this hotel to everyone. Only a couple downsides were bathroom (a little cramped and outdated) and elevators (slow in coming sometimes) other then that please go there...you won't be disappointed.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hawaii08ok
<Content>aloha beach hotel had a fab time views fantastic,beds the comfiest ever ,breakfast excellent idea ,sat on balcony every morning eating pastries and watching the ocean.everyone friendly think i got someone elses life for a week .ps the elevators were ok chill and enjoy the ride  
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Shainaluv
<Content>Had a good Time for my 1st!!       Beach from room  
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Aksotar
<Content>lots of fun to be had !!       view from 23rd floor  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Hill1727
<Content>Everything about our stay was perfect       The Hotel from the street  
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>colindan
<Content>Great Location My husband and I had the pleasaure of vacationing in Waikiki Beach at this hotel for 11 days in January. This property is in a great location....literally steps from the beach. We had a nice clean room with a king bed.....we were able to have a complimentary full breakfast each morning - either on the hotel patio, or to go across on the beach! The tour buses stop either at this hotel, or across the street. The city transit bus stops on the corner. There is a restaurant at this hotel - Tiki's - very good!We look forward to coming back!  
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>NeedSomeInfo
<Content>Great Value for the Money       View of pool from room  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>travelgalpdx
<Content>My fav Waikiki Hotel This hotel was everything I thought it would be and more! When we arrived, we were upgraded to ocean front (for free). We had a corner unit so we had a full ocean view as well as a view of diamond head on the left. The staff was more than friendly and the breakfast on the beach was a great touch. The only bad thing is that the first morning we had no water (it was shut off due to a water main break). They had water on the lower floors and the staff was very accommodating by letting us shower in one of the units that had water. The Hawaiian decor was great and Tiki's Bar and Grill is a fun place. The location is ideal.......great beach, great food and great nightlife!  
<Date>Jan 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Yippiehoo
<Content>Hotel was okay, not the best We were here for 3 days before going to Maui. Our hotel room was very small and next to the elevator shaft. We heard it going up and down all night. Our sliding door didn't lock so a maintenance man came up (right away actually) to fix it. He fixed it temporarily. We had trouble locking it the whole time. The bathroom was also dirty when we got there. I wiped it down before we used it. Breakfast was okay. The hot food wasn't hot . Overall, it was okay. Could have been better.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	2	3	3	3	

<Author>jewels98
<Content>Loved the Beach Hotel       The World's Most Comfortable Bed  
<Date>Jan 18, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	5	5	

<Author>rengens
<Content>A Great Place to Get Your First Impression of Waikiki! Arriving late at night from the airport found us greeted by a very friendly staff...calling us by name, allowing us to check out the available rooms so that we could make an informed decision about where we would be spending the next week. We were upgraded to a junior suite (the space was an added luxury for us). We felt secure with the key card entry in running the elevators to the floors. Once we got the knack to getting the card to work, there was rarely a problem. The breakfast by the pool was lovely. Sometimes the food was going faster than the warming ovens could keep up, but there was excellent variety to cater to all tastes. The rooms were sooo clean; not a speck even on the carpets! And location, location, location. At the end of the busy section of Waikiki, the street noise was actually minimal. But we were in short walking distance to all the amenities that Waikiki had to offer. Our room was directly above Tiki's Bar and Grill, and the evening music was very nice. Things quietened down earlier than we expected, and we never heard a thing until the soft music started up at the breakfast (across the patio/pool from Tiki's). We sauntered in and around the pool areas of other resorts in Waikiki, and found that the ResortQuest Waikiki Beach Hotel actually has one of the most impressive ones. The beach being across the street is wonderful as well. We would definitely stay at this hotel again!  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>miken1999
<Content>Pleasant Stay We were here for 10 days and had great time. The hotel was across from the beach and location was convient. The hotel is located at the end of the strip which was fine but it would have been better if it's in the middle. If you would fine a good deal on this hotel by all mean stay and you will have a great time.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Beth02
<Content>Great Value for Waikiki/Oahu/Hawaii       View from our 9th Floor Jr Suite  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>seattlemariner
<Content>ResortQuest Waikiki Beach was great! I recently stayed at the ResortQuest Waikiki Beach Hotel, and my expectations were exceeded! The rooms aren't large by any means, but they are clean and colorful. Instead of nickeling and diming guests, this hotel provides bottled water and handy thermal lunch bags for their breakfast buffet. Our room included a nice flat screen tv, a good cable selection, and nice bath  body products in the bathroom.The entire hotel is in good repair, vibrant and inviting. The customer service I experienced was among the best I have ever received.Finally, the on-site Tiki's bar  grill was a great place to grab a bite during the day and the drinks were well priced.If you are looking for a good hotel on the beach, make your reservation to the ResortQuest Waikiki soon!  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Ladyofgrace
<Content>1st Anniversary My husband and I spent our first anniversary here, and we enjoyed it very much. The breakfast every morning was a great bonus. The rooms were very clean. Our view was amazing! We stayed in an ocean front room on the 19th floor. The decor in the rooms was very trapoical and up to date. Tiki's bar and grill was a very fun place to eat and drink. The hotel was in a great location. Our only complaint was the elevators, someimes they were on the slow side. Other than that we had a wonderul stay and would return!  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Traveldiva81
<Content>Nice       Closet  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>TXFolk
<Content>ResortQuest Waikiki Beach Hotel We stayed 3 nights at the ResortQuest Waikiki Beach Hotel in May. We booked the Ocean View hotel room and the of the beach was great, theroom was a little small but nicely decorated, modern appointments and a flat screen TV. The hotel is right across the street from the beach and within easy walking distance to many restaurants. The breakfast is really a money saver and they served very decent food. We booked directly with ResortQuest and the price was awesome, maybe it was the time of year. We would recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>likerty
<Content>loved the resort       view from window  
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GNJL
<Content>Great Location Great location for this hotel! You are literally across the street from the beach, it's wonderful. We were here for 4 nights, and the first night we checked in, our room was only so-so. We asked to be switched but they were fully booked that night but they did give us a different room for the next 3 nights, and had our luggage in the other room by the time we got back from sight seeing. Thank you! The breakfast was better than expected, they had coffee, juice, milk, cereals, pastries, yogurts and fruit (which is good for me), and also had some hot items, like french toast sticks and breakfast burritos (good for hubby). If you are looking for a full breakfast buffet, this isn't it, but if you want to grab something quick to go that is delicious and filling, this is your place. They also had some miso soup and noodles as part of breakfast which were quite delicious. For the price, you are on the same street as some higher-priced properties but are able to enjoy the same location and nightlife and pay about 1/3 of the price. Looking at the map, I thought it would be too far away from everything else but it's about a 20 minute walk from one end of the beach to the other, so everything is very central. The gym was small but clean. They have 2 treadmills but why run indoors when you can run along Waikiki beach? The bathroom is small but the toiletries were quite nice. I had brought my own toiletries (you never know) but ended up not using them. Free wifi by the pool so if you bring your laptop you don't need to use the computers in the lobby. Lots of families at this hotel, I would highly recommend it!  
<Date>Nov 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>HappyTravelers1107
<Content>Pleasant stay Would stay at this hotel again. Reasonable rates, excellent location, rooms clean. Bathroom needs some updating, particulary the tub. If booking any tours or activities, this hotel has 3 agents to chose from: Pleasant; Expedia or VIP. I would recommend booking any tours or activities with either an Expedia or VIP agent. My husband and I were not pleased with the service and level of professionalism received from the Pleasant booking agents. I thought it was an islolated incident, and decided to give them another try. However, it happend again with a different agent. I think it is time for these two agents to retire. We booked $600 dollars worth of tours and wished we had booked it with Expedia. Next time, I'll be definitely booking my tours with Expedia or VIP.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>cdswim
<Content>Nicely renovated in great location I absolutely loved the interior design in these rooms. Very Hawaiian. The rooms looked recently renovated and included a flat screen t.v. The hotel was right across the street from the beach. The pool area seemed quite shady for most of the day. And the morning breakfast by the pool could be quite chilly in the shade with a breeze, so bring a lite jacket. My husband and I made the mistake of forgetting to bring down the little green tote for breakfast which made it difficult to carry our food. We really enjoy this side of Waikiki because of the nature (right by a nice park with walking trails and the zoo).  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Kapika
<Content>Enjoyed our stay My husband and I were here from Nov.2nd - 10th and really enjoyed our stay. We have been to Oahu before but this was the first time staying @ this property. Our check-in went smoothly, they have bellmen to take your bags to your room and if you don't want that you can just take your bags up yourself, there is an elevator and escalator to go up a level to check in. We had a view of the ocean and also the pool area, the lanai was a tad small but that didn't bother us at all. The hotel and rooms were really clean and the rooms have a funky and bright Hawaiian look to them with the red and white hibiscus decor which is fun. The bed was really comfy and we enjoyed the free Breakfast on the Beach They give you little lunch bag things so you can go down the the pool area and get your breakfast which is normally fruit, little muffins and bagels, yogurt, cereal, fruit juice and coffee, and either quiches with tater tots or breakfast burritos etc. It was kinda nice not to have a huge buffet breakfast like in the past as then you end up eating so much you are grossly full. Majority of the people eat their breakfast by the pool area and next to Tikis vs. the beach, they also have a hawaiian singer and hula dancer to entertain while you are eating. The elevators in the hotel were really fast so you never really had to wait although you have to use your room card to use the elevator and sometimes it was a tad finicky. They have some computers there to use if you want to check out the internet etc. and some activity desks as well, we found them really nice and helpful. We didn't use the pool but it was a good size and it was nice having Tiki's bar and grill right there which is always a fun place to go to. All the staff were really nice and friendly. They usually have live music at Tikis at night so if you are a person that is looking for quiet this may not be the best hotel for you, it didn't bother us though and we enjoyed listening to the different bands etc. that played there. There is an ABC store right next to the property and also downstairs in the hotel is a Wolfgang Puck's (Really good pizza!) and a Cold Stone Creamery (The ice cream is to die for!) and also some stores as well as one right in the lobby. The location right across the street from the beach is awesome and all in all we really enjoyed our stay here!  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>barbiespice99
<Content>Loved the little breakfast bags Excellent hotel. The rooms are modern and were recently refurbished when we stayed in Oct 2006 (we checked in the day of the earthquake!!).We had a room on the 22nd floor. The view of Waikiki beach is fantastic.The best part is the buffet breakfast - you get little chilly bags to fill with goodies. We sat at the outdoor hotel bar/restaurant area and watched the breakfast entertainment each morning: hula dancers and hawaiian music.A 5 minute walk away from the main action of Waikiki beach.Recommended.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mason123
<Content>Charming with a great location We stayed in room 1704 with a King sized bed and had a wonderful viewof the ocean. The rooms were decorated with the local floral theme, soft beds with medium sized area to walk around in and the bathroom was average. If you are looking for something more luxorious, then perhaps you are in Hawaii for the wrong reasons. We never had problemswith the elevator, just make sure you insert your card before the green light goes off! There are plenty of shops and retail stores along the strip next to the hotel. If you rent a car you can park at the ResortQuest Banyan for $8 vs. 20$ valet. It's only a block away from the hotel. NOTE: IF you park at the bayan, try not to get there late at night. The garage locks the elevator doors so you have to walk all the way down.McDonald's was 2 blocks away and several sushi places.The beach was great to just hang out and watch the sunset or gaze at stars. THe beach area in front of the hotel really wasn't pretty but, for kids, it was safe because of the wave breaker in place. Hawaii was gorgeous! I suggest within the first day or two that you rent a car and drive around the whole island, we stopped off at several lookout points and took pictures of the scenery. We stopped insome of the smaller towns around the island and asked the locals aboutthe best spots to hit. Everyone we stopped and talked to was so friendly. We watched a surfing contest off of the North shore and stopped off the turtle bay it's a place just 20 mins past the actualTurtle Bay resort.If you have time, take a flight to another island. We ventured to theBig Island, and visited the volcano, make sure you don't have any respiratory issues prior to visiting because it will wear you out withall the sulphur in the air. We then visted the black sand beach and got our own sea turtle encounter. There were three just hanging out inthe cove. How fun! The next day we went to Hanauma Bay, It was so beautiful, the fish were everywhere and we even got to swim next to a sea turtle there as well. NOTE: It's worth renting a car for the duration of the trip. Hanauma bay is $5 a person and all you need to do is go to Walmart, buy a bag,snorkle gear and some beach mats. It's worth the savings if you have a family with you.That evening we went on a delightful catamaran ride with the Makani. Its an amazing machine. Capt. Jon was filled with stories and information about the island he was so friendly we stayed on the Captains deck for the duration of the trip. If you are military, catch a show at Blaizdel theater for Rush seating. We saw The Lion King for a discounted price of $33. The regular price was $86. The theater had horribly uncomfortable seats, but the show was amazing.Pearl Harbor was amazing, we were actually there on Veterans Day. The tour we selected was inclusive of the Bowfin/Arizona/Missouri. When on the Missouri try to find the tour guuide who actually worked on the Missouri during its involvement in WWII. He was filled with funny stories. Again military discount applied here and made a huge difference.Overall it was a great trip and I would stay at the ResortQuest Waikiki Beach Hotel, gpod price, breakfast was OK. We will be returning next year!  
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>jaytay3
<Content>Fun, but... Hotel had great location. Loved how close it was to everything Waikiki. Watching the sunset on the beach with the live band playing in the back ground was our favorite. Breakfast was great...we packed it up in the little coolers they give out and found a quite spot on the beach to eat. Hotel staff was very friendly and helpful...front desk let us check in a little early which was very nice. Our only complaint is a big one...the bathroom was dirty! The floor looked like it hadn't been cleaned...and the tub had dirt/sand in the bottom that washed away when I scrubed at it a little. We were only there one night so we didn't make a fuss about it. The rest of the room seemed clean and we would probably stay again just for the fun atmosphere and great location...we'll just ask that the bathroom be taken care of!  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	2	4	4	-1	

<Author>T_Norton
<Content>Nice Hotel. Great Location! My husband and I stayed at the ResortQuest Waikiki Beach for our 2 year anniversary. Upon arrival, the ground floor of the hotel is really inviting. You have to take an elevator/escalator to get to the hotel lobby to check in, but we didn't find that too troubling.The hotel room is really small (as other reviewers have indicated), so for persons traveling with a large group or families traveling with children, I would not recommend this hotel, particularly if there are more than two people in your party. The same can be said for the hotel bathroom. It's rather small, and not the best in terms of cleanliness, but it serves its purpose. Hotel towels are plentiful, as well as all of the other usual amenities. The hotel is directly across the street from the Marriott, which is nice and the location is great! With a short walk across the street, you'll find yourself on Waikiki Beach. Also, for convenience there areseveral food establishments directly downstairs on the ground floor--particularly, Wolfgang Puck's Express, Coldstone Creamery, and Subway just to name a few. Other than that, there aren't too many (fast) food places nearby. There's Teddy Burger, which is a short walk around the corner, but if you're looking for a McDonald's, Burger King, etc. you'll have to walk several blocks to find one. Either way, the food prices in Hawaii are somewhat expensive, so your selection really won't matter price wise. A typical hamburger, french fries, and beverage meal will run you close to, if not more than $10. Here's a food tip!!! ABC Pharmacy, which is pretty much on every corner in Honolulu has these great hot dogs for $0.99, They're pretty good, plus you can grab one on the go. This place is also good for some of your souveneir and beverage options.Other than the location and dining options, I found the hotel to be relatively average. Their state of the art security system requires that you use your room key to go up on the elevator which can become a pain, but better safe than sorry. One gripe is that when my husband and I got up in the middle of the night (around 4 am) to see if we could find something to eat, the elevators were not fully operational. We waited approx. 15-20 minutes for the elevator to come to our floor, along with others who were waiting with their luggage and decided to try the stairs (from the 15th floor)! As many of the other reviewers mentioned, their FREE morning breakfast offering gives this hotel an advantage, BUT if you're a meat eater this is not the place for you. The breakfast is mainly continental, with one or two added selections, but don't look for much more. It's very filling and serves its purpose, plus you can get as much as you like! Some of the selections are rather atypical, but chalk it up to experiencing something new. Oh, and unless you're looking to break the bank, I would not recommend the hotel restaurant, Tiki's. It's rather pricey, and I'd say that you could find several other good restaurants within a short walking distance for about the same price, or much less.The hotel pool was small and a few people used it or sat out on the patio and tanned, but if you'omplaining about the hotel pool, why in the heck did you go to Waikiki, which is known for its beach? Other than that, I'd say the hotel is just about average. Nothing to write home about, but nothing to gripe about either. It has several advantages in terms on convenience and proximity to food and fun. Besides, who goes to Hawaii to stay in the hotel room anyway. Overall, I'd say it's a good place to stay and I'd probably stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	5	3	4	3	3	

<Author>Peterh
<Content>Good Stopover       Hotel Room  
<Date>Nov 3, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>middlewichnz
<Content>Had to pay to use the inroom safe! Not too impressed with the ResortQuest Waikiki Beach Hotel - sure it has its kitsch Hawaiian style rooms all brightly decorated but the fact that there is little or no room to even leave your suitcase open was inconvenient. It has undergone a poor makeover - the baths were still stained with enamel missing. Paid over $300 NZ a night for an ocean view room - the lanai was small and only had one chair with no sun at any time of the day. Had to pay to use the in room safe at $3.00 USD plus tax a day. Enjoyed a nice drink at Tiki's the hotel bar until a glass shattered over another table looked like it had been thrown from a room above. One good thing was the guys at valet parking were superb. Booked for 8 nights - stayed 6!  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	3	3	3	

<Author>cheepdate
<Content>Best vacation ever West Plains, MissouriBest vacation ever. Hotel was in an excellant location, very well maintained and staff was super to work with. Breakfast on the beach was great, but we ate by the pool. There was something different to pick from everyday. Most all the tour companies pick you up in front of the hotel. We had a partial ocean view room and the view was very beautiful. This was our 25th Wedding Anniversary could not have been in a better place. Excellant hotel for the location and price.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Tigereyes69
<Content>Not bad for the price       Room  
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>eggtmt
<Content>Great place to start our vacation We stayed here 9/26-9-29 before boarding the Pride of America. We booked this hotel after a lot of research. Had an Oceanfront room on the 23rd floor. Booked 2 nights got 3rd night free.  We were originally on the east side with a great view of Diamond Head. The balcony was small (you could not sit on it) and it was also above a noisy roof air conditioning unit from an adjacent building. We like to sleep with the slider open so we asked to be switched and were the next day. Still 23rd floor overlooking the beach and pool.Our room was clean and very comfortable. Loved sitting out on the balcony and enjoying the view. The noise from the band was not bad at all (we were up high)Location was great. within walking distance to everything. We liked this part of the beach. Everyone working at the hotel was very friendly and helpful.We were amazed at how many people were up and about at 6am. I guess the time change made everyone an early riser.We enjoyed the free buffet breakfast. The coolers were great to bring on our cruise. How many places give free hula lessons at breakfast and offer live music? The hotel had fairly inexpensive internet service in the lobby. There was also a table set up most nights near the pool where you could purchase beautiful leis for $5.00We at ate Tiki's twice, food and service was great.  We rented a car from Thrifty for one day and it was about a 1/4 mile walk.The day we arrived aftert flying for 12 hours we checked in and then headed down the beach for a sunset, cocktail, catamaran cruise. Great way to acclimate to Hawaiian time.There is a shower outside at the pool area, so if you have to check out early of your room and want to enjoy the beach you can always rinse off the salt water and change clothes in one of the bathrooms near the pool.We really liked everything about this hotel and would stay again and reccomend it to anyone. Feel free to email me with questions.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>merri79
<Content>Great hotel, great price and location       The very bright bed!  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>tnshsms
<Content>Great place! First of all the location to the beach is excellent, right across the street. The lobby and pool area were inviting, the rooms were a little small but were comfortable and updated. The oceanview room of 2424 was great, however, it was across the hall from the ice machine and we never asked to be moved but we should have. It was kind of annoying to hear it during the night. The staff was always helpful and the hotel is a bus stop and a trolley stop which was very handy. The trolley that goes to the ala moana mall takes about 30 min and is $2 a person one way. We rented a car from Dollar for the last 2 days of our stay(not really that close to the hotel, but they have a shuttle that can pick you up) and it took us about 30 min to drive to the airport. Tiki's Restaurant in the hotel was excellent and the service in both the hotel and restaurant were great. Everyone was really nice. I would stay here again!  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Doodlebug1247
<Content>Hotel was a great place to stay!!! Bob  Everyone at the hotel was so friendly and helpful. The rooms were small but really clean. We had a room on the 10th floor over looking the pool and Waikiki Beach. At the hotel they have Pleasant Holidays counter and an Expedia counter to help you with any of your tours or air to the other islands. The Tiki Room Restaurant was great and their prices were normal. Before we decided on this hotel, we read the reviews from other people that have stayed there. Several of them were complaining about the noise (what noise) our floor was so quiet and the music from the restaurant stop at 10:30 each night and it wasn't loud. Did I mention the beds, the beds were really comfortable. The only problem we had was the room key not working in the elevator but we went back to the front desk and explained our problem, they gave us new keys and from that point on we never had a problem with the elevator.We would returned to this hotel again and again!  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>kln006
<Content>So impressed we're coming back!       View from room 1625  
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>EWSTorontoCanada
<Content>Hotel in Paradise       View of Tiki bar from 1133  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jennifer01
<Content>Great location and view We found this hotel to be excellent for our needs. The location right opposite Waikiki Beach had everything! The room was a little cramped as we had a crib for our 18 month old in the room, but it was still functional. It was very comfortable with a King sized bed, bright cheery tropical decor, bathtub in bathroom, and superb views of the beach. We could see fireworks from our window on Friday evening. The complimentary breakfast by the pool was a bit too crowded, so we went elsewhere to eat on our second morning. We found the staff helpful and friendly.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>44_dars_44
<Content>Loved It       The veiw - room 2108  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	3	2	

<Author>spicykit
<Content>Nice stay overall but still a few glitches The hotel is at a great location, tours and buses pick up/drop off right outside the hotel. It is also at a quieter end of the waikiki, so we have a very comfortable stay. We were in a partial ocean view room on the 16th floor (1622). We also get a very good deal throught the entertainment book. The bed is very clean and extremely comfortable. However, there are still a few glitches about the bathroom.The toilet flushing is extremely loud, it sounded like the toilet on an airplane (even louded than that). I can always hear when the room above me or next door flushing the toilet. I was woken up a few timesin the morning by the sound of it during the stay.The whole bathroom is also a bit outdated. Probably they didn't renovate the bathroom when they updated the bedroom. Some tiles are missing in the bathroom, the bathtub has some old stain (probably not removeable), some mold (again hard to remove kind) around the edge of the bathtub as well. But the staff was trying their best to keep it clean everyday. The major problem is no air ventilation in the bathroom, after my shower, the whole room steamed up. Our stay will be excellent if it wasn't the bathroom problem.The is also a duplicate charge of phone bill but I didn't discover it until later. Since it's only 75cents I didn't bother going back to the hotel and ask for the money back. So make sure you check everysingle item on your final bill  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	5	4	

<Author>SDEggo
<Content>I don't want this great secret to get out!       View towards Diamond Head/Zoo 18th floor  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Waikiki6
<Content>Good hotel for location and price I stayed the week of Sept 11-18 2007. I was vacationing alone. I booked a partial ocean view and waited (held out) until I got the king bed I'd requested. I was offered a 2-bed room hours before, at check in, but waited until I got what I wanted for the week - and it only took a few more hours.The room was on the 8th floor, at the back of the hotel - but not on the Diamond Head side. I had an ok view, but since it was lower, there were trees in the way. Again, the view was ok, and if I'd wanted to spend more, I would have probably booked ocean-front. Ocean views would have probably been a bit better but I was worried about being over the bar after reading previous reviews, and didn't want to deal with any possible excess noise. I booked thru a travel agent that uses a larger company that specilizes in Hawaiian holidays. The rate was average. I asked if there were any possible upgrades, but the hotel was completely booked. The Air Force was celebrating 60 years, and the Aloha Festivals were begining as well. The room was clean and the housekeeping service was excellent. I never needed to have anything corrected. I used a bag they provided to go down 4 mornings to get breakfast. They provided bagles, pastry, coffee, tea, fresh cut fruit, yogurt, cereal, milk and every day had a warm selection as well, usually something like a breakfast burrito: scrambled egg, sausage meat, rolled into a tortilla, or a small square of quiche of egg, meat and perhaps cheese. Oh - and I prepared in advance and packed a coffee thermos holder (16-20 ounce) from Starbucks that was thermal so that I could fill it each morning and it would remain hot for several hours. There is also a Starbucks on the corner where you could purchase one if you're a coffee drinker and want it for free each morning. The Hotel has a Wolfgang Puck Express on the street level which offers a variety of pizza, sandwitches, soups, pasta and salads, and you can get them to go. The Tiki's restaurant and bar has a lunch and dinner menu, (which you can find online), and I found their selections to be good as well. You will also find a Subway sandwitch shop, a cookie shop and an ABC store all on premises or at the end of the block. The ABC stores now provide the free service of blowing up flotation devices like the $1.99 air mattress, as well as trinkets, snacks, spirits, mixer etc. I used the gym a couple of times...it's small but there are several cardio machines and some free weights and it was usually empty. Sat out at the pool several times, which was generally quiet and always found a lounge chair. It is at one end of Waikiki, but more quiet than staying right in the middle of the stretch. Get up early 5:30 - 6am and go for a brisk walk on the waterfront, it's quiet and good exercise. You can walk all the way down to the Hilton Hawaiian and back in about 45 minutes, either going on the beach or the sidewalk, depending on how fast you walk.Yes, there are homeless about, generally more than you would see at the other end, but generaly they don't bother anyone. I only saw a time or two when they would ask for a smoke or a bit of spare change, but you can truly assist or ignore, they don't pester....they just ask someone else. I didn't have a problem with the elevators once I figured out to have my room card at the ready upon entering the lift.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Fabulous66
<Content>Nice place, friendly staff, room for improvement There is no free transportation like I have been used to. The staff was efficient, friendly and helpful. The breakfast was diverse and different every day with really splendid live music and a hula dancer every morning by the pool! When we checked in the desk clerk did not tell us we were supposed to bring our hotel provided cooler with us to breakfast. They also did not tell us that we would need to use our room key to go up in the elevator but not down. There was no microwave available anywhere in the hotel and the refrigerator didn't work well. The beds were extremely comfortable and housekeeping was outstanding! The view was breathtaking from any room and there was so much to do and see very closeby.The Bell Staff was wonderful, friendly, prompt and informative, knew me by my name and greeted me when they saw me!A glitch at the very end made it tough, yet the front desk staff was willing to meet us half-way. We kept asking if a 7 pm check out on a Sunday was possible and they only told us to check with them at 8 am Sunday. If they had just TOLD us that it would be an additional $75. to do so, we would have budgeted our vacation money to pay the fee.They WAITED until we DID check with them Sunday morning to tell us! The front desk staff should have said so, sooner. They DID let us check out at 3 pm, which was semi-okay and a bit disappointing after we had had such a wonderful stay.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>2	3	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>wanderingoutoftowner
<Content>A Good Place In The Sun       Ocean Front Balcony Lookout  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>VanWanggaard
<Content>What a Wonderful time in Paradise This is the second time in the past three years that my wife and I have stayed at the Resort Quest Waikiki Beach. We were in room 2019 and had a graet view of Waikiki Beach and the Royal Hawaian all lit up at night. We have travelled to Hawaii over 30 times and stayed in several Hotels and the most important thing is the STAFF, each and every person we met at the property was wearing a smile and had a graet attitude!! From our first encounter with the front desk (Stephenie and Tyler), the pool staff (Del and Saul) customer service at breakfast ( Jamie, Leon), to Eunice who made up our room daily. Everyone of these individuals helped to make our stay the best ever! They truly have the ALOHA Spirit. Management keep it up, it is obvious you must truly value the people who work WITH you, for that many people to realize that ATTITUDE is everything! Thanks for a great Anniversary we will see you again next year. Van  Maryjo Wanggaard Racine Wi.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>teena192
<Content>Waikiki Beach Hotel Take 2       The Pool  
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>highlandbride
<Content>Room 1126 - noisy, but great view of Diamond Head This is our third trip to Waikiki, and our second time staying at this hotel. It's been redecorated and upgraded a bit since our last stay which is nice. Better beds, flat panel TVs, better carpeting, but the walls are still thin (this is an adjoining room so we heard our neighbor's phone calls, kids crying etc) and the lines for the elevators are still frustrating. Prior to getting into room 1126 we spent one very loud night in room 511 which is one floor above the pool and the bar. Unless you want to hear all the noise and watch all the pool action, including the breakfast crowd that starts to gather at 6:30am, don't accept any odd numbered rooms below the 9th floor.The included breakfast was starch heavy and erratic. So much for serving breakfast until 9:30 - if you don't get down to the breakfast area by the pool (including Hawaiian singer and hula dancer) by 8:15 AM it's picked clean. Not good for those who don't eat dairy or have issues with gluten. Better - visit the bar at Tiki's in the hotel for a nightcap and your receipt will likely include a two for one breakfast offer for the full buffet at Tikis the next morning. $12.99 for two for a real breakfast is still good value.We took the free trolley to Hilo Hatties to do some shopping and spotted Sam Choy's restaurant one block from the store. So, save yourself a stiff taxi ride and hit Hilo Hattie's and Sam Choy's for lunch one day during your stay. Just make sure to get your shell lei from the greeters at the store so you can get a free ride back to Waikiki. Sam Choy's serves excellent Hawaiian food and seafood. A little bit more than some places but the portions are huge and can be split between two adults with pretty good appetites.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Hawtrip07
<Content>great hotel we stayed at resortquest waikiki beach hotel for 4 nights during the last week of august 2007. Upon checking in, we were upgraded to a ocean front room. The room was very clean and nice. The bed is very comfortable. our room was cleaned every day with plenty of towels. The ocean front view was magnificient. you can see the sunrise and sunset. we were on the 9th floor. we could hear the music down the pool very late at night, but was not bother by it at all. It sounds more like background music with the patio door closed. The breakfast was great! Plenty to eat and drink. It saved us the time and hassle to look for a place to eat breakfast every morning. You can put the food in the cooler bag and take it anywhere with you. You can eat at the beach across the street or eat by the pool. The only thing that bothers me was the pigeons! they are everywhere. There was sign posted by the pool said not to feed the pigeons, but some people just don't get it. We ate our breakfast around 7am and it was not crowded. But after 8am, there was a line. This hotel is especially good for family with small children. They have a lot of acitiviy for kids and the beach across the hotel is barricaded so there wouldn't be alot of waves coming in. It's like being in a swimming pool.We didn't have any problems with the elevator except you have to use the room key card to excess the floor. the valet parking is expensive with $20 a day. Not worth it at all. There is no self-parking.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	1	

<Author>yoshapman
<Content>Loved the Hotel!       Lobby  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>gaynor552000
<Content>A worthwhile place too stay       Another gorgeous sunset  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>scb1976
<Content>Okay Place, beware of the valet service We reserved our trip through Costco.com with the hopes that this would be a decent place to stay in Waikiki. On two previous visits, accomodations were mediocre and outdated. This however was a very nice hotel. The beds were very comfortable, breakfast was above the average, and most of the staff was very courteous and helpful. Our children spent one day in the kids camp, which we were very impressed with. Tiki's grill is okay, but I thought it was very overpriced for what you got. We had dinner one night on the beach at Duke's where the food was much better, service was outstanding, and the bill was much less than Tiki's. For anyone going to Waikiki I reccommend making a reservation at Duke's at least one night. Now for the downside of this hotel. The housekeeping forgot to clean our room one day, but when I called front desk they brought towels right away and it didn't happen again. I really thought it was very stingy not to provide wireless internet for free, the parking was awful, the valet's were rude, and I had my GPS stolen from my car because when you pull up they rush you so much that you don't have time to make sure you have everything, and all this for a whopping $20 a DAY!!!! I really don't appretiate the fact that the valet's take advantage of the We are not responsible for lost or stolen items clause on the claim ticket!! Resortquest, you need to run better background checks on your parking staff, and maybe teach them how to be a little more polite to the guests who are paying $20 a day to park there and then another $300 a day to sleep!Anyways, enough ranting...I would suggest this hotel to families and make sure to get a room on the upper floors on the Diamond Head side. I heard some of the guests complaining that the music from Tiki's will keep you up all night and into the morning on the pool side of the hotel. The elevators weren't as bad as in other reviews, for us anyways. We would probably not stay here again, or anywhere in Waikiki for that matter. Last time we visited Oahu we stayed in a vacation rental in Kailua which was by far the best part of the whole island. Once you pay for the accomodations there is no extra charge for parking, most units have washers and dryers and meals are much more affordable since you have a kitchen to cook in or a BBQ to use. The beaches in Kailua are the best in Hawaii as well. So for anyone staying at the Resortquest Waikiki Beach, just beware of the parking situation, don't let the valets rush you, and the rest of your stay should be great.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	2	3	5	2	1	

<Author>m0m0f3b0ysNJ
<Content>Loved the free breakfast/cooler to go We booked a 3-night stay at the Resortquest Waikiki Beach Hotel through Visitorcenter.com for the first part of a 25th anniversary trip to Hawaii this past June. After reading reviews here and researching online, we were expecting adequate, yet basic accommodations. We had a heads up from other travelers using this site to request accommodations above the 10th floor so that we would not be disturbed by the street noises at night. Great advice- we also had a spectacular view of all of Waikiki to the right, and Diamond Head to the left. The king-sized bed was very comfortable, the room clean and well-appointed, roomy enough for the two of us. The front desk was always helpful, check-in and out was a breeze. The location was just what we wanted- easy walk to all the action, but at the quieter Diamond Head end of town. The offerings at the free buffet breakfast were adequate- a good assortment of hot and cold items, fresh fruit, mini-muffins, good coffee all served around the pool while we were entertained by a hula dancer and classical Hawaiian musician. It was a great way to start our adventures each morning. Also, we were encouraged to pack up our coolers with extras that we took with us in our daily travels. We never got the opportunity to eat at the restaurant on the premises, but it looked very inviting. I would definitely stay here again. I can't wait to go back.Aloha,Anne  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>touralot
<Content>THE Best Hotel in Waikiki By a Long Shot My husband, myself and our 23 month old daughter stayed at the ResortQuest Waikiki Beach Hotel for ten days. We had booked an 'ocean view' room but upon check-in we were upgraded to an ocean front room on the 12th floor. I must say that it is THE BEST room we have ever stayed in. The view was AMAZING!! We had front row seats to the bluest ocean you could ever imagine and also the best of Waikiki's beachfront skyline at night!! I could not even imagine that any of the so-called 'absolute beachfront' hotels could be any better than this. It is THE place to stay on the whole of Waikiki Beach. Close to everything and the beach in front of the hotel was THE best spot on the whole of Waikiki Beach by far. Breakfast was fantastic. There was more than adequate to suit anyone's fussiness. (I believe there are a lot of whingers and negative people out there as we couldn't fault the breakfast, the hotel or the location ONE BIT!!) For breakfast there was a multitude of choices - coffee, juices, cereals, yoghurts, quiches, egg and sausage buns, egg and sausage burritoes, doughnuts, pastries, bagels, muffins, miso soup, rice, etc. And what is even better you get given cooler bags to pack your breakfast in and you can eat it wherever. We took our breakfast back to our room and sat on our 'ocean front' balcony, the best seat anywhere!! Breakfast was available from 6.30 to 9.30am each day. We always collected ours around 8.30am and there was always plenty to go around. The hotel room was awesome! It was plenty big enough for the three of us. The bathroom was not 'tiny' like a lot of people mention. It was a pretty standard size bathroom from what I have experienced. Plenty of cupboard space for your luggage. A flat screen tv was a nice extra. The decor was really modern and funky. Our king size bed was the most comfortable bed I have ever slept on. I cannot praise the staff more highly. We were treated like royalty from the moment we checked-in. Everyone was so friendly and courteous and attended to our requests efficiently. The ONLY negative thing I can think of is, yes, the lifts can be quite slow at times. But what can you expect from a hotel that EVERYBODY wants to be at and you are all trying to get to your rooms during peak times. Have a little patience people and chill out!! You are on vacation!! We will absolutely, most definitely stay at the ResortQuest Waikiki Beach Hotel the next time we stay on Oahu. No questions asked!!  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>WillisFam
<Content>Give this resort a chance!!       One of the many beautiful rainbows  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>norcaltravlpro
<Content>Great oceanfront hotel keeps getting better every year I have stayed here at this hotel six times ever since Aston renovated it in 2002.It just keeps getting better. If you can, upgrade to oceanfront rooms upperfloors. The view is like as good as beachfront at the Sheraton or Outrigger at a fraction of the price. Tikis continues to please. Best Calamari and Salmon ever.Good hotels for families as well as couples and the breakfast on the beach cannot be beat!Rooms are a bit small, and bathrooms just o.k. but location to beach and nightlife makes it a great choice. You have a beachfront hotel without the price.My best choice for moderate hotel in Waikiki.EH from California  
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Karaokes
<Content>Nothing To Write Home About Getting late in writing my review. We stayed at this hotel in April for 3 nights. Booked off Hotel website. 2 nights/get 1 night FREE which includes breakfast. Paid around $500 for just the 2 nights. Really regret picking this hotel for what we got. We did get a balcony up on the 7th floor or so facing the beach. The room was nice with a large LCD TV, Fridge, Balcony, but the hotel seemed rather old with a poor makeover. It is rather noisy at night facing the main street. Our air conditioner didnt work the first night there but it was fixed in a hurry the next day. It's a good thing it wasn't too hot. Our bathroom towles had holes in them and when I took it to hotel manager, he apologized and gave us a $50 credit. The 3rd day we ran out of toilet paper and I had to call room service to bring us some.BREAKFAST...... OMG that really sucked. It was like jail food. (not that I've been there) but it was all wrapped up food to go and none of it was hot. This hotel claims to be a 3 star hotel but I would only rate it as a 2 star.....if that.I truly feel we were ripped off for what we got. The pool is small and there is nothing glamorous of the building or check in.We definately, will be staying away from ResortQuest.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LovedMauiPG
<Content>Would not recommend I cannot say to many good things. We stayed from July 29 - August 1. The rooms were very small. We had 4 pieces of luggage and no where to store them. The balcony was so small that you could not sit a chair out there to enjoy the fresh air or the ocean. We had a partial ocean view room on the 20th floor. The shower curtain rod was rusty and my son hung his swimming trunks there and they were ruined by rust but the hotel did reimburse me $50 for them) because there is no where to hang your wet clothes. They said not to hang clothes from the balcony. The vent above the bathroom was filthy, there were paint chips on the walls and doors and the room was not very clean. We had to keep calling for towels. They knew there were 4 of us but only had 3 large towels. The beds were very small for 2 people. The elevators were slow. The front desk was not very helpful when asking them questions on how to get somewhere or were to go. They kept referring us to the Pleasant Holidays and they always wanted to book a tour for us and no I was not happy with them either. The breakfast was ok. I would not stay here again because it is to busy (populated) and did not like the rooms. We were spoiled from our hotel in Maui.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	2	2	1	

<Author>E&JJJ
<Content>good outweighed bad Travelled from England to Long Beach, LA then on to this hotel for 5 nights.Loved Oahu, chose Resortquest based on price and location and booked through Virgin Holidays.Agree breakfast was OK , we just had the fruit and drinks, the hot stuff wasn't so hot! Good points were having a fridge in room, (small) balcony, comfy beds, make up mirror in bathroom and internet access for free if you take your laptop down to the pool area...and a beautiful view from a partial sea view room. Bad points, quite noisy till very late ,even on 10th floor and of course, the lifts! The concierge was very helpful with sorting out day trips for us and the reception staff friendly. It was our Pearl Anniversary, the hotel gave up a bottle of champagne to celebrate (but would have preferred a room upgrade like other tripadvisors have had). Still, it was a nice thought.  If we ever return to Oahu,I think we would try a hotel which is a little more central, but for the price, the Resortquest is good value for families with young children.Maybe not for 50 somethings.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	4	4	

<Author>banker_barbie
<Content>Amazing hotel; couldn't have asked for more!       View from 17th flr balcony  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>m1mars
<Content>Great Location- ok hotel Just returned from a 5 night stay at the waikiki beach hotel. I booked the room to have a ocean view room, the first room did have a view but mostly of the hotel across the street. Went to speak with reception and they moved me to a better room. Ask for room with an odd number thats starts over 13. The breakfast was not worth it, better to walk to the corner and grab a starbucksThe best thing about the hotel is that the beach is across the street.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>aznnick91
<Content>Great Value! Amazed and Didn't Want to Leave       Check-in surfboard...my son.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>lkjhg
<Content>Good for the price Our family stayed there from 8/1 to 8/6. The room is clean and beds comfortable. A bit small. We loved the breakfast buffet. Good:1. location. close to beach, zoo, aquarium. 2. room and service3. breakfastNot so good:1. slow elavators2. pool closes at 7:30Since this was a family vacation, we did not look for fancy facilities like spa or meeting room. Overall, the hotel was good for its price.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>TheRealElbadoo
<Content>Nice hotel, but watch the extra charges       Rainbow over Waikiki  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	3	2	

<Author>JGMM
<Content>Excellent Hotel If you are looking for a hotel with a close proximity to Waikiki Beach with reasonable rates, you won鈥檛 regret booking a room at the Resort Quest Waikiki Beach. The rooms are clean and well-appointed, staff friendly and helpful, and breakfast is included in the rate. Each morning my wife and I would fill up the yellow plastic breakfast bags guests receive when they check in, walk across the street to Waikiki Beach and literally have 鈥渂reakfast on the beach.鈥?It was a great way to start the days of our week-long vacation in beautiful Hawaii.The hotel鈥檚 location makes using the trolley and shuttle to see the sites on Oahu so convenient that you don鈥檛 need to rent a car. We really enjoyed our vacation in Hawaii and our pleasant experience at this affordable hotel was one of the reasons we had such a wonderful time.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>lizzieAustralia
<Content>Great location shocking breakfast This hotel was right across the road from Waikik Beach. The hotel was clean and our room had a balcony. The hotel was Ok however the breakfast was shocking. You were supplied with a carry bag to collect your breakfsst in the morning if you wished to take it onto the beach to have. The continental breakfast supplied consisited of stale wrapped pastries, a couple of cereals to choose from, soggy rolls packaged fresh fruit which was the best thing. Everything was just wrapped in paper or alfoil and the drinks in disposable cups. The idea of supplying the bag to take breakfast to the beach is nice but the food needed improvement. Would have been better to just have basic bacon eggs , cereal, patries and fresh fruit instead of the horrible soggy rolls and stale pastries and donuts. The hotel did not allow guests to exchange travellers cheques for more than $100.00 each day which was a nuisance. I expected a higher standard of service and accomodation given the price I paid. Would not recommend the hotel to anyone and would not stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	5	3	3	3	5	

<Author>RossFL
<Content>Great hotel, but... Hotel is at the great location and it offers great views at affording price. Breakfast choice was excellent but they could offer more variety once in a while especially for those who stay for a week and more. It was very nice to have a breakfast with beautiful Hawaiian music and hula dancer.They could definitely use maintenance on the elevators since they arrive late and door closes too fast. Out of 5 working elevators sometimes you have to wait even as long as 5 minutes for the elevator to arrive at your floor.Don't count on fitness center and pool after 7pm.They close for clean-up. That is the part I totally disagreed with. People are usually out all day doing different activities, and some people want to come to hotel, relax in the pool or the gym and then, oooops it's closed. What can you do? NOTIHING. Ocean is dangerous to swim in at night since that is the time sharks feed. Customer service was not the best. Whatever you ask, they come up with the reason just not to bother to deal with the problem.Finally, rooms. They are OK, even though they could be a cleaner especially after I spotted one HUGE cockroach on the sealing just before the bed time.I might go back if they fix the issue with the elevators, pool and gym. Concerning the room cleanness, I don鈥檛 know鈥aybe, if there is no other hotel available for that price.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	2	2	3	4	

<Author>JapanPooh
<Content>Worst customer service!!! I stayed in ResortQuest Waikiki Beach Hotel last week from the 13th of July to 21st. I think it was the worst experience I have ever had in a hotel. It started with the lady at the front desk the day of check in complaining that I should plan my time because check in isn't until 3pm. I explained to her I just flew in from Japan and was unable to tell the pilot to slow down. Then she acted like we were bothering her. Next issue was the valet parking? It was a mess! The first day I had to wait almost an hour for my car because they were busy? The second day we waited for almost 2 hours and they couldn't find our car or the driver. We were even escorted by the lady at the counter to the parking garage where the car was supposed to be. We waited there for about 30mins and she said that some of the drivers take the cars for joyrides. Our car never came out. Finally a manager came outside and said our car was upfront. She didn鈥檛 even apologize, just walked away. We then started parking in the coin parking across the street just so we didn鈥檛 have to waste our vacation time waiting on some kid鈥檚 joyriding in our car. This operation was the most unprofessional business that I have ever been to. We had one nice experience with the parking, Clifford. When he was there we were able to get our car on time and he was very professional.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jenbobsquarepants
<Content>Fantastic views of the ocean My elderly parents and I stayed at this hotel from April 22nd to May 7th. It was a fabulous vacation and right next to the beach which is what we wanted. We both had wonderful views from our balcony's (although the balcony's were too small to sit on). The staff at the hotel were very helpful and were able to organise trips for us, and the pick ups for those trips were right outside the hotel which was really good for my parents as it didn't involve a lot of walking (they're both disabled). I had taken advice from these reviews and had requested a room above the 10th floor due to the noise from the Tiki bar below, and we were given adjoining rooms on the 19th floor. The elevators were a bit of a hassle but acceptable given the hotel was so busy. Breakfast on the beach was fine although a bit boring after a while. My only complaint was the maid cleaning service, even though I had tipped well, it was not done on a daily basis...and I had to complain at the desk after my room had not been done for 4 days and I had no toilet paper!!! It was done that day then not again for two days. That to me was unacceptable. It is a non-smoking hotel, but there is The Wall of Shame where the smokers unite, where I made some fabulous friends from all over the world (who if they are reading this, need to get in touch as I had my bag stolen on the flight back and it had all their addresses inside) I would definately use this hotel in the future and would recommend it to future visitors.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Pyro1979
<Content>Nice Hotel to stay at!!! we enjoyed our stay at the resort quest waikiki beach.. we stayed ther for 4 nights.its directly opposite the beach.. we were on level 2, but we could see the beach... the breakfast was great you get a little cooler bag each to fill up food every morning downstairs.. we grabbed heaps of stuff.. muffins, juices etc to last through to lunch... nice big lcd tv and comfy beds really a great hotel...Cheers....  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>bumaintman
<Content>Our 35th Wedding Anniversary The Resort Quest Beach was an unbelievable experience. From the moment we arrived and the front desk found out it was our 35th. wedding anniversary, they immediately upgraded our ocean view room to a ocean front room. We were located on the 9th floor in a beautiful room with a king size bed. The view from our lanai was just breath taking. The breakfast buffet was very convenient and saved us a lot of money. A microwave would have been a good addition, because the hot food was not hot. Everything else on the buffet was excellent. The parking attendants were very helpful setting up our transportation for the day. You do not need a car to get around in Waikiki. There are many types of reasonable transportation. The pool looked very inviting, but we choose to swim in the ocean. One last thing, make use of the small coupon books at the bottom of the escalator. You will save lots of money!  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>suspision
<Content>Hanging Loose at Resortquest Waikiki Beach We stayed at the Resortquest Waikiki Beach Hotel. The hotel was an overall great choice, great location not far from anything at all, all the shuttles/trolley stop at the hotel. The decor is funky and cute, the beds were sooooo comfortable, plenty of pillows, comfortable down comforter and sheets. Room size was adequate, the A/C worked fine, not too noisy at all. We had a partial ocean view with double beds on the 11th floor. The lanai was small but it has wonderful views of diamond head and the beach/ocean (more than expected). It was not as noisy as read on past reviews. At around two or three, the restaurants do throw away their trash and that's the only noise we heard and it was quick, no more than five minutes of noise. The walls are not as thin as we read, we barely heard other people sneeze or hurl. The only thing that could use improvement in the room was the bathroom. There was adequate amount of counterspace for toiletries, the hair dryer and makeup mirror were nice to have, but the bathtub had some kinks to it. The shower curtain was on round rod which gave you plenty of space to shower but there was no way to adjust the water pressure and the bath tub would flood easily because water came out too fast! The hallway was always clean and there was no strange odors. The elevators were generally fast. The only times they would not come fast was when there was free breakfast rushhour which was at 9:00 am when the breakfast was almost over and people were either rushing to get their breakfast before it finished or when people would take their breakfast to the room. But at other times of the day or night the elevators worked fine and were pretty fast. The hotel does have 25+ floors so its understandable. Only once our room was not cleaned but when we reported it they came and cleaned it promptly. The safe is a ripoff, just hide stuff in you luggage. Breakfast was not superb but it was good for coffee, fruit, milk, tea, OJ, Sodas, pastries/bagels and of course all you can eat cereal!!! Parking was expensive but it was convenient to park there as it was close and one can call to request the car, every minute counted, no time to waste to pick up the car from far away. Tiki's Grill and Bar was excellent! Try the Lava Flow here, best on the Island. Cold Stone's is good but much more expensive than on the mainland. Next door Hula's has good food at a good price, the service needs improvement. Duke's has a good reputation, but our steaks were charred even when we sent them back! Too much money to get it wrong, even sizzler gets it right! The Royal Hawaiian has the best Mai Tai's on the Island! Try the Chi Chi also, or the Blue Hawaii you might like those drinks. Try their Luau, there are several reasons to go. 1) its close by (you could walk there) 2) its not too many people 3) the food is good 4)you could get a coupon online for it 20% discount 5) it lets you out at 8:30 pm and you could get some more shopping done across the street! Renting a car was a great idea, Alamo rates are cheaper if you book online and they have a free shuttle to pick you up and drop you off. The cleanliness of the cars are not that good but it was cheap for a convertible! Go around the whole island and explore it! Try Leonards malasadas on Kapahulu about a mile from Waikiki. BikeHawaii.com guide was the sweetest person, ask Jeremy for good advice on places to eat o to do if you book an activity with them!  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>sanlan37
<Content>October 2006- quake time We booked to go through this hotel with Virgin Holidays ,maybe not the cheapest way to go about it but as they were arranging our wedding in resort it made more sense than the do it yourself option we normally use to visit the U.S.On arrival after a very long journey the staff were friendly and helpful. As part of our agreed Virgin package we were upgraded to a partial ocean view room but I have to say if we'd had the full ocean view our view couldn't have been much better. Waikiki beach is stunning on a sunny day and the sunsets in October were breathtaking.On October 16th part of our first weekend in Hawaii we felt the aftershock of the earthquake just off the Big Island all power was off in Oahu all day . The hotel did not do a good job of getting everyone together to inform us of what was happening , and there seemed to be no management plans in action to handle this kind of natural disaster. We discovered this was Hawaii's first major quake in 30 years... just our luck. Equally unlucky for us was being on the 17th floor. We had been eating breakfast when the hotel started to shake at around 7am . As the lifts were out with loss of power we had to trek up the stairs to get money and stuff from our room.Our hotel having the breakfast on the beach cool bags was one of the few able to still feed its residents during this time.. this we were grateful for. We saw many people lining up outside the islands many ABC stores trying to buy supplies during our day but our hotel was fantastic and let everyone take out as many food items as they wanted that day. For this reason alone I would stay at this hotel again. The rooms have recently been refurbished and have 42inch plasma Tv's ,comfy beds and decent storage for anyone staying a couple of weeks. In Oahu you'd not really be spending much time in your room anyway there is plenty to do .  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	2	

<Author>ksmar
<Content>Great Hotel We stayed at Waikiki Beach Hotel for 2 nights and enjoyed every minute of it. This hotel is in a great location across from Waikiki Beach, with lots of eating and shopping places nearby. We didn't have a lot of time in Hawaii so we wanted something central so we could see as much as possible. This hotel was perfect. The room was a good size and well appointed and all the hotel staff were very friendly. The breakfast buffet was also great, as was Tiki's restaurant. We would definately stay here again and would recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>2impatient
<Content>Highly recommended       Breakfast entertainment by the pool  
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>sweetJJ168
<Content>Good Decision to Stay at Resortquest Waikiki Beach Hotel I booked the hotel using greathawaiivacations.com for a 5-night vacation with my husband. I did this after almost total of 8 hours of browsing thru tripadvisors' list of hotels -- and I was not disappointed with my choice for a 3-star hotel. The hotel rooms were newly refurbished and they placed as on the 24th floor ocean view (as per my request of a high floor when I did the booking), the Breakfast at the Beach was quite fun -- we could get enough food for a decent breakfast and eat it while lazing on the beach. The hotel was at the end of Waikiki but since we got the 4-day Waikiki trolley, it was quite easy to go the the center part of Kalakaua Ave since the trolley stopped in front of the hotel approx every 8 mins. All the staff were very helpful especially those at the Expedia desk and the concierge. The room key cards for the elevator does need some improvement as we needed to swipe several times to be able to press the floor number or to enter the room door. But just a note for those who want to call overseas using the IDT phone card sold near the front desk --Warning -- don't bother to buy this at all. I bought 2 5$ cards and 1 US$10 (from the one in Marriot hotel) card to call to the Philippines and with every card, I would dial the number and I would get some message and get disconnected. And when I re-dialled the card pin -- it would tell me that I had one US$1++ left -- such a rip off -- and this happened not once but 3 times. I've called using a phone cards from LA, China, HK, Japan, Paris and even the Carribean, etc and US$5 could give me enough time to say hi -- and what's worst -- when I called their customer service -- they treated me as if I were stupid and did not know how to use a phone card -- hopefully the hotel can switch to another phone card provider. But at least we could get free Wifi access near the pool area so we could download our emails. Over-all great stay at this hotel -- great value for the price.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>imas98
<Content>Fun hotel in a great location ! All the pictures shown are exactly what you get, which is always nice to see ;) I loved the funky Hawaiian decor in this hotel. The people at the check-in were very nice and housekeeping was always friendly. The room was spacious, clean and the bed was so comfortable. We had a Junior Suite on a very high floor so we had a view of the ocean that is directly across the street. Tiki's restaurant is great. It's located on the rooftop and has tiki torches burning. The food was good and the service was excellent. They have live music and the bar gets pretty busy too. Fun place to go. The continental breakfast is nice and the hotel puts a cooler in your room so you can take it to go ! The pool was kind've small so we just stuck to the beach which is only steps away. This hotel is conveniently located so we just walked everywhere while we were in Oahu.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>College_Bound_7
<Content>So far, my favorite!! I have stayed on this island many times, and stayed in many different hotels. This hotel is the best yet! My friend and I could not stop saying how much we loved our hotel. When we checked in, the staff complimentary upgraded our room to a junior suite (the only way to go folks)! We screamed with joy when we reached our ocean front suite on the 17th floor. The room was huge for just us two girls. We had a nice couch, huge flat screen, and a gigantic comfy king bed. We are accustomed to staying at very nice hotels when we travel with our families, so this was a pleasant surprise for the great price! Here are some pros/cons:PROS:1) great location (we got our daily excersize by walking back and forth along the strip as we called it) 2) yummy quick breakfast to grab before heading out to activities across the island3) amazing service- the staff were friendly and professional- always willing ot help4) the view was brilliant- you definitly don't need to pay for the oceanview they ALL have it5) eateries/shops two minutes away to grab a midnight snack or waters6) lots of hangers in closet, perfect frig, and lost of storage7) close to all pick up locations for trolley, buses, and tours- you dont even need to rent a car, they pull up right in front for ya!CONS:1) If you are traveling with little kids it is somewhat noisy at night with the entertainment downstairs- but it did not bother us...2) elevators can be slow at times3) TINY bathroom- but we made it work4) pool was gross looking and small- we ignored it and hung out at the beachesOVERALL we loved this hotel, and will bring out entire families next time. Our girls trip was excellent!  
<Date>Jun 28, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AnneCambridge
<Content>Loved this hotel Our family of 4 stayed here for 9 nights and loved the hotel. We had booked partial view with the possibility of being upgraded to ocean view because of 50+, depending upon availability. We were upgraded on the second day to an ocean view on the 23rd floor. The balcony was much bigger and the view was absolutely awesome. We had a great view of the ocean and the pool. This room was much smaller than the first room and we were rather cramped with 4 of us, but the view made it worth the difference. The rooms were lovely and had obviously been refurbished recently. The whole property was very clean and well maintained. We had no problem with the elevators. They were fast and our card worked every time.The kids loved the large plasma TV for down times. You could hook up to internet in the room for an additional cost, but if you have wireless, you just take your lap top down to the pool deck and use it for free. The only wireless hot spot is on the pool deck. Our favourite restaurants were the 2 at the hotel, Tiki's and Wolfgang Puck's. The meals were delicious and quite reasonable in price. The service was fast as well. All the staff at the hotel was very friendly and accomodating. If you called for housekeeping or bell service, they were there immediately.The cooler bag breakfast was great and we could always pack enough for lunch and put it in the fridge in our room. Having to buy only one meal a day really was a saving. We tried Cheeseburger in Paradise, but were not impressed. Also, avoid Planet Hollywood. That was the worst meal we had. We had the early bird special at Chuck's Steakhouse at the Outrigger and it was very good. We did the 2 for 1 luau that comes with the package and the show was excellent. Be sure to go early to get a good seat. When the hotel advertises that kids stay and eat free, it is a bit of a misnomer. The kids eat free at 2 or 3 restaurants that are not at all close to the hotel. They do not eat free at the hotel restaurants. However, with free breakfast and lunch for everyone, this was not a real concern. The kids loved the International Marketplace and we visited it several times. It is about a 10 minute walk. They also loved the beach because there were always waves to ride. Take water shoes, because there are some stones and rocks in the ocean. We loved this hotel and we would go back in a minute!  
<Date>Jun 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>pdinker
<Content>Great hotel       View from Room 1721  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>koellealaaf
<Content>Great location at Waikiki Beach Stayed there for our honeymoon, got an upgrade for the 25th floor (top) with oceanview. Friendly service, clean rooms, perfect location at Waikiki beach close to the park (less busy). Interesting breakfast concept: self-service buffet style where you could load everything into a cooling bag (complimentary). Car park expensive but you can easily park close by without any fee close to the park.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Travelgoddess7
<Content>Great hotel My son and I spent 5 nights at this hotel, and loved it. It's in a great location, with a spectacular view of Diamond Head (and it's many rainbows), the zoo and the flamingos walking around, and a partial ocean view of the beach. The first night there were fireworks that we could watch right from the balcony. The beds were unbelievably soft and plush, and the bathroom was large and well-stocked with great amenities. There are little surfboards that house the shampoos and lotions. I would have liked to have been a little closer to the action toward Duke's and the other hotels, but they are a short walk away. The last night we were there, there was a street fair with food and crafts, and Kalakaua was closed for the throngs to walk around.The breakfast was plentiful and varied, and the elevators were no problem at all. Make a point to rent a vehicle and drive around the island - the highlight of our trip was a deserted beach with a giant sea turtle basking in the sun, and the amazing Giovanni's Shrimp Truck on the north shore. Don't miss it.One piece of advice - because the hotel is at the far end of the strip, and there is so much construction going on, it took an hour and a half to get there on the Robert's Hawaii bus from the airport. It's worth your while to take a cab instead.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>TikiAbey
<Content>What else but, Wow! Originally we were scheduled to stay at ResortQuest Beachside just down the street, but they had closed our floor for renovations so they upgraded us to the Waikiki Beach hotel. ResortQuest ordered and paid for our transport to there as well. When we arrived we were pleasantly surprised. We had a room on the 8th floor with a full ocean view that was absolutely beautiful. The room was large and clean and our maid service was quick. Most mornings we would go to breakfast (which was also good) and maybe go for a little walk for about an hour and when we came back the room, bed, and everything had been made and looked perfect. The hotel staff was always friendly and willing to help. The days we spent at the pool instead of the beach the towel guy was always there with a ice cold glass of juice for anyone that wanted it. We always talked about going somewhere else for dinner and drinks, but we always ended up at Tiki's Grill and Bar, not only because it was convenient but because the food and drinks were so good.....especially the Lava Flows. We cannot wait to go back and we will be sure to book our stay here again no matter what. We will be telling all our friends about this place and the great time we had. Mahalo!!!Steve Abrahamsen Connie Harvey  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>spockmycat
<Content>Loved the ResortQuest Beach Hotel!       Room Decor  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>jimcdenco
<Content>Nice Hotel, Staff, Location, Quit Whining! We booked our room several months before our trip. I, like others, read the reviews here from the time we reserved until we left for our trip and saw some of the negative reviews and wondered how our stay would be. We stayed there May 23rd-30th.When I made the reservation, I requested the highest floor available in an Ocean Front Room. We were given a room on the 19th floor, one floor below the top floor on the Ocean Front side. The check in went very smoothly. I think with the few people in line, it took maybe 15-20 minutes from arrival to getting to the room. Once inside the room, we were very happy with the room. It was very clean, nice decor, yeah a little smaller than other rooms I've been in in other cities, but not too small that it was uncomfortable in anyway. View was absolutely wonderful. Room had a plasma TV, but not hooked up to an HD signal. The beds were so comfortable, as others have said here. Bathroom small, but again, not uncomfortable. The in room fridge was great. We used it the whole time we were there. Patio was a little small and had one chair and table, but we took the chair from the desk inside outside so we had 2 chairs to relax on, and it wasn't too crowded.We did have a rental car and parked it there. The valet was a little expensive, $20 a day, but I guess that is the norm in Waikiki. The valets were very nice and helpful. Anytime I asked for directions, they had a print out from the web with driving directions and they were spot on. There was one time we called for our car from the room, something they suggest you do, and got down about 20 minutes after the call and still had to wait another 15 minutes. But, only that one time. Other times our car was waiting for us when we got down. The Breakfast on the Beach was good. We usually didn't get up early and caught it towards the end, and a lot of items were out. The 2 days we did make it down early there was lots to eat. Some of the hot items were not that good. But the coffee, fruit, juice, muffins were pretty good. I took my laptop down a few times to use the free wifi in the lobby, it worked pretty good, a few times I did loose the signal briefly, but for free I thought it was pretty good. There is also internet kiosks you pay I think $1 per 4-5 mins. That was convenient. The housekeeping did a great job, and when we saw them in the hallway they were always friendly. Our housekeeper was Nora, even when we left the room late, with our Do Not Disturb sign on until noon, she always asked us when she saw us leave the room, if we were ready for housekeeping. The walls were kinda thin, but we had the unfortunate pleasure of having a couple who thought they were the only one in the hotel and were just crazy insane yelling. Sometimes even fighting. The day I finally went down in the morning to complain, I was told they were checking out that day. They did. The front desk said don't hesitate to call down for security if someone is too loud. Tiki's bar and Grill was great. The elevators were usually good, There were a few times during busy times that they took a little longer, but I didn't think too long. Bottom line, It was a clean, nice fun, hotel. Great location. Staff were always great. We requested a late check out and got to check out at 6pm, check out is noon. Our flight left at 10pm. Late check out cost us $60. But it was like having an extra day, we drove to a beach, hung out, swam, ate dinner, and got to come back for showers and finish packing. a great deal I thought. We will definitely stay here next time we come to Waikiki!  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>rshu330
<Content>Great place to stay close by to the beach I've stayed at the ResortQuest Beach Hotel twice now. It has a convenient location just a block away from Waikiki Beach. I had a great view from my room both times I stayed here. I also enjoyed the complimentary breakfast on the beach very much. No problems at all while staying here. The elevators may be a little slow, but it never bothered me.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>NancyWaters
<Content>Absolutely Ideal!!! We have just returned from a week at the Resort Quest Waikiki Beach Hotel. This Resort is wonderful! The service was great! The staff was so attentive and the LOCATION is perfect!! We stayed in a Junior Suite and had plenty of room and the view was MAGNIFICENT!!! The breakfast leaves a little to be desired, but we were so busy with other things that we only ate there once. We used the activities services and REALLY enjoyed the Paradise Cove Luau. We got the Deluxe package and would highly recommend this to anyone thinking of going there! It cost a little more, but the service, perks, and attention you get are well worth it! We also did the Circle Island Tour of The Big Island. We rented mopeds one day and I highly recommend this. We also rented a Jeep Wrangler for an entire day and drove the island. This was great because we could stop and go as we please and saw SO much!! Highly recommend!!The pool is small, but we never used it. Why with the ocean right there?! Tiki's was great! They made a really big deal for my husband's birthday! I emailed them before our arrival and we had a table outside overlooking the most beautfiul sunset in the world! The only complaint that I would have, would be that the bathrooms are very small.Overall, this is a fabulous Resort! Excellent location!  
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>wndrwmn
<Content>great place to stay I read all the reviews on this place and was a little worried. However, we had a great time and it was a great place to stay. Yes, the elevators were a little frustrating sometimes, but the rooms were nice and we had a great view. The location is good too- right on the main drag and close to many great things. We really enjoyed Tiki's downstairs. And I never heaed any noise except the occasional people in the hallway.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>emseek
<Content>Great hotel for the price!       view from room  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TammyJD
<Content>Good View, Good Price This was a nice hotel. Considering it is one of the least expensive hotel choices with the Northwest Air Vacations, we got a great deal. We were about to get a room that they called a partial view but it was great! bright color and surf boards are all over, very cute. The Tiki bar has musicians nightly and great food during the day. Only negative, was that night before check out my husband was told that we could get a late check out (for $50) but than the next morning was told it wasn't possible.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	2	4	2	3	

<Author>sunbird1
<Content>Had to sign a no-smoking agreement at check-in When we booked this we were aware of their non-smoking policy - Hawaiian law prohibits smoking in public buildings. However, most hotels will allow smoking on the balcony of your room (as our friendsat the Marriott next door did). My fault for not calling and asking if it was permitted on the balcony. At check-in, we had to sign a waiver saying that if we were caught smoking, we'd be charged a $450.00 penalty by the hotel. Resortquest should post this info on their website. If you smoked, you had to go outside of the building - even in the open-air areas, it was not allowed. Had we known this, we would not have stayed there. The main reason we booked this hotel was their breakfast-on-the-beach - it sounded so charming. There are individual soft-side coolers in your room. You take it poolside where the breakfast buffet is held each morning from 7 - 10. You fill your cooler and off you go to the beach or you can sit at one of the tables, or take it back to your room. The selection was good but several mornings they ran out of fresh fruit by 8 am. Great Kona coffee, though. Their restaurant, Tiki, is very good. If you go, try the macademia nut encrusted mahi. Excellent. Also there is a Wolfgang Puck express on site that offers great rosemary chicken. Changed rooms three times in 7 days - the first was a king and we'd booked two doubles; the second room was over the bar  lounge (noisy) and the third had a problem with the a/c but we kept it anyway because it had a great view of Diamond Head. Saw lots of both couples and families and they all looked like they were having a good time.The pool is next to the open-air lounge and closes at 8 PM - just about the time I was ready for a dip after a long day of sight-seeing. Shucks!  
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	5	5	3	3	3	

<Author>Cami
<Content>Good Hotel       Room  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>dreamonixx
<Content>Be here - now Ok just so you know who I am here goes. I am a long haul flight attendant with a premium international airline. I stay in over 110 rooms a year and then there are my vacation times - so, well over 130 nights a year. I expect quality and most of all SERVICE. This hotel has blown me away TOTALLY. I usually have things which irritate me or make me lean toward a bad review however NOT HERE. The things which do irritate me are other reviewers who have given this property a bad wrap, usually over the breakfast offering. So when you check in they give each guest a little cooler bag and each morning you go down by the pool and fill it with an assortment of cereals, fresh fruit, hot food and bakery items. Coffee, tea, juice and fresh milk is also available there. This is meant to be a light breakfast - not a Vegas buffet. You can take your cooler bag and sit on the beach or do what we did and sit by the pool, listen to the Hawaiian music and watch the Hula dancer. I realised that Americans perceive quality as SIZE rather than content so maybe this is why they moan about the LIGHT breakfast. If you want the big heart attack on a plate meals go somewhere else because this isn't for you. Anyway, back to the hotel itself. At check in a woman offered us juice as we waited in the line to check in. At the desk nothing was too much trouble and once we got to the room we were delighted. Great views and clean, fresh facilities. EVERY MEMEBER OF STAFF WE ENCOUNTERED BEHAVED LIKE AN OWNER OF THE COMPANY and took pride in their job. NOTHING was ever too much trouble. Quite frankly there is no where else to stay in Waikiki so stop looking immediately.  
<Date>May 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>premed30
<Content>Fantastic room and hospitality To start, I read alot of the reviews on this hotel before coming.And let me add, I am VERY picky about everything. I felt like I knew what to expect, but I wasnt even close. It was fantastic!! We stayed in room 2401, it was so clean, and we had awesome views of both Diamond Head and the Ocean. It was a bit windy so high up, but thats to be expected. It was however quiet from traffic and noise. The bathroom was very clean and the room was fabulously maintained. The bed was very comfortable, just as others say it is. The elevators were not a problem. We never waited more than 1 or 2 min, and when on them, they moved fast! The breakfast was was always hot and fresh, with a slight variety everyday, except the fruit and coffees, those were also very good! The valet parking was very conveinent, and very fast, although a bit pricey, the service made up for it. If elt we more than got our monies worth, and if returning to Oahu, I would definately stay here again! Thanks resortquest for making our Honeymoon so memorable!  
<Date>May 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>caabdjim
<Content>Great room great hotel       Sunset from Tiki's  
<Date>May 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>KMSully
<Content>Cool hotel, Great location, Awesome service My two friends and I stayed for a week at the ResortQuest Waikiki Beach Hotel. I chose the hotel based on reviews from this site and an awesome deal through their website that offered an oceanview room with breakfast included and every 3rd night free. We could not have asked for a better place to stay. The location is perfect...cross the street and you are on the beach, in an area near the pier that is quite a bit less crowded than the more central beach strip. Our room was very clean and I loved the fresh, colorful decor. The room wasn't huge, but we found the space to be more than adequate for all three of us, and I loved having a refridgerator in the room to keep our groceries and beverages from the local market. We took advantage of the complimentary breakfast every morning and could always find some tasty options, which i think saved us a lot of money on meals in the long run, since we could pack up snacks in the provided cooler bags for later in the day. From the moment we arrived at the hotel, the staff were helpful and friendly and always willing to help out with anything we needed, whether that be extra blankets, a power strip for the room, or restaurant recommendations. Our second night we upgraded to an oceanfront room which I highly recommend doing. The view was breathtaking, and we spent our early evenings just sitting on our balcony sipping on cocktails and taking in the sites. The restaurant/bar, Tiki's, had good food and an awesome view as well. All in all, we loved our stay at the ResortQuest Waikiki Beach Hotel, and we would absolutely stay there again the next time we make it to Honolulu. If the pool stayed open a little bit later (it closes at 7pm), I would have rated our experience as a perfect 10 as far as location, accommodations, and value.  
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>rtep
<Content>Good hotel with nice location This hotel can be recommanded to everybody who need a hotel with a good location for day trips. Everything is fine in that hotel, means rooms are clean and comfortable even if a little bit small. For breakfast every guest become a little cool bag which you can use for your trips and also to put your breakfast in it. The pool is small, unspectacular and most of the time very crowded. Also the elevitor is especially in the morning very crowded and you have to calculate some time to get down are up.At least as I already said before I would recommend this hotel for everybody who plans to do lot of trips and don't want to stay the whole day at the hotel.  
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	3	3	4	3	3	

<Author>Elsie1954
<Content>not the best and far from the worst       From our room on the 20th floor  
<Date>May 17, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	5	3	4	4	2	

<Author>HDTRAVELER
<Content>Wonderful Hawaii This is one of the best buys on the beach. Hot and cold breakfast every morning at the pool. To Go carriers to take your breakfast to the beach or eat at the pool level. You can also use the carrier to keep snacks for later in the day. Especially good if you are traveling with small children. In the room there is a small refrigerator for keeping drinks and snacks in from the breakfast menu.Towels can be checked out at the pool to take across the street to the beach for sunbathing and swimming.We had a room on the 25th floor with a great view of Diamond Head and Waikiki Beach. The beach was right across the street, the Zoo was 1 block away and the Aquarium was about 2 blocks away.You really don't need a rental car as they have a great bus system that will take you just about anywhere for $2.  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sojournsplenty
<Content>you can do better This property is as most of Waikiki's hotels are,directly across the street from the beach, which is shallow and overcrowded. The lobby is an area with a few couches adjacent to the driveway/valet park. Reception, tour desk, and pool are up the escalator, or a fickle elevator ride. The rooms and bathrooms are smallish, dated, and basically clean. Adequate closet and drawer space for 2 people for 3 nights, but a family or longer stay will have you living out of and tripping over your suitcase. Lamps are low-wattage, dont try to read at night. Miniscule balcony with one chair, no table, no space. Buffet breakfast includes a cooler bag to eat on the beach (or on the road). The staff was friendly and helpful. In an area with dozens of hotels, fast food restaurants, trinket shops...a downscale Miami Beach. Stay here only if you get a great package (think budget-priced), or better still, stay elsewhere on Oahu and explore the beauty of the island; Waimea, North Shore.  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>kgonthego
<Content>Great stay- but almost didn't happen We loved our stay at this hotel, but it almost didn't happen because even though we booked our stay 5 months in advance, we were given a call a couple weeks before saying that they had overbooked by over 100 rooms. This caused a lot of undue stress before a vacation- when we showed up we weren't even sure we'd have a room, but sure enough we did.The hotel was in a great location, right across from the beach. Great tiki bar attached to the hotel (try the 'greg brady's wipe out' drink).... beautiful pool...awesome views from our hotel room..just an all around fun hotel. A steal for what we paid per night in my opinion.We would stay here again without hesitation.  
<Date>May 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Terrigal
<Content>Nice hotel with horrible elevator We pay for the room upgrade and stayed in ocean view room.It was spacious and nice however, their elevator was horrible.You need room key each time you are going up and I got stuck in the elevator for 10 minutes one night with handful of stuff on each hand. They need to fix that elevator and get rid of key system for each floor. I understand security but, most of peoplecome and stay the hotel on vacation.  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	3	3	3	

<Author>nikswrx
<Content>Great location, cool decor, awesome view!!          View from our lanai,23rd floor  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>fijisunsets
<Content>Fantastic Stay Dates stayed : April 15 - April 20, 2007My sister and I just returned from Honolulu where we stayed at the Resort Quest Waikiki Beach Hotel. If you want a hotel close to the action but away from the hustle and bustle, this is it. The hotel is ideally located across the street from the beach and within walking distance of all the shops, restaurants, etc that the Waikiki Beach area offers. We booked a package that included the Breakfast on the Beach offer. What a fun concept that is. We each were provided a small insulated cooler that we would fill with our breakfast. Each morning there was all you could eat cereal, small sweet rolls, some type of breakfast sandwich with meat and egg, fruit, juices, milk, tea, soft drinks, wonderful Kona coffee. This was a fantastic deal considering the price of breakfast in Honolulu. Plus there was a singer and hula dancer every morning, which made breakfast very special. In fact, there was live music pretty much all during the afternoon and evening which was a nice touch.The hotel has a restaurant called Tikis which had great food. The lava flow desert was awesome. I found the prices here a bit cheaper than most of the places we ate. The service was friendly and it was a popular place each evening on the patio, which overlooked the beach and beautiful sunsets. The rooms are decorated very Hawaiian-ish and I found it charming. The beds were the most comfortable I have even felt in a hotel. There were great bath amenities. We had a refrigerator, iron and ironing board, and a small safe. There was a small lanai and our room was an ocean view, so we sat on the lanai most evenings to listen to the waves and people watch. The staff at the hotel was awesome. The pool area staff was the best. In the pool area, there was a soda fountain and canned sodas and the prices were very inexpensive. Here you could check out a beach towel for the day. The hotel offered several activity desks, internet acccess, valet parking (if you rent a car) and a small sundry shop. I could go on and on but if you want a very nice quiet hotel, with awesome views, awesome staff the Resort Quest Waikiki Beach Hotel is the one for youLucy N  
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Abigailrose
<Content>Excellent hotel with an excellent view of Waikiki          Diamond Head lighthouse  
<Date>Apr 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>DolphinMermaid
<Content>Great hotel; great location!       View from balcony to DiamonHead in afternoon  
<Date>Apr 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	4	2	

<Author>sitter
<Content>Would stay there again!! There were 7 of us staying in 3 seperate rooms. Gramps wanted his own room,  we put the 3 teen daughters in one room,  us 3 sister mom's stayed in the room next to the girls. Up on the 14th floor....which was too high up for one sister  Gramps...but we managed anyways.The rooms were very nice...clean  somewhat spacious.I thought the elevators were too slow... always busy!The breakfast was a nice treat...I will admit! I had a problem with ~loading up~ for later! But that's just me!It was the BEST location to stay at....we would definetely stay there again!I am thankful for reading all the other reviews here so I knew excatly what to expect....My one  only complaint was not being able to leave my patio door open to hear the ocean...the music downstairs was too loud...too late at night.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>HEAVENLY911
<Content>not happy The hotel was alright.but on the 15th floor hallway it had a septic smell to it. The staff was very pleasant and helpful. the maids always greeted us kindly. I have to say the breakfast items were not that good considering that was one of the reasons why we booked there. It is great for familys but for us being a couple we would have preferred somewhere else.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	5	4	3	

<Author>mojolady
<Content>Perfect hotel, perfect location My daughter and I stayed April 4 - April 10th, and we loved this hotel! We had an ocean front room with spectacular views (pay the extra if you can afford to). Sunsets on Waikiki beach are the most beautiful that we have seen. Here's what we loved about this hotel:- Breakfast on the beach was fantastic. They gave us each a cooler to fill with yogurt, fresh fruit, breakfast sandwiches, muffins, cereal, etc. They had a nice selection of foods and fresh juices. We loved it!- Very good live music playing every morning during breakfast, and a beautiful hula dancer who gave free lessons. The music was a wonderful treat.- We loved the Hawaiian prints and surf theme throughout the hotel. The decor was fresh and fun, and even though the rooms and bathrooms are smaller than some hotels, we still loved our room. The beds were very comfortable, and the view out over the ocean gave the room a larger feel. The room had everything we wanted--hair dryer, ironing board, refrig, shampoo and lotions, current magazines, plus free local newspaper. - The staff was great, and gladly helped any time we asked. My daughter wanted to try boogie boarding, and mentioned it to Del (on staff). He found her a board that a guest had recently left, and made sure that she always had clean beach towels. Staff helped us find phone numbers, provided directions, recommendations, and could not have been nicer. They kept our luggage that final day when our flight didn't leave until 10:30 PM, made sure that our shuttle came, and took good care of us at every turn. I can be a fussy traveler--I dislike things like older carpet, etc. This hotel far exceeded my expectations, and was part of the reason we had a very memorable trip.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>Kilikena
<Content>Resort Quest on the beach, Waikiki A friend and I stayed at this hotel in Oct.,'05. We booked as a package deal online, so I dont know how much the room cost, but it was great! We were on the 10th floor, ocean front. A nice lanai, excellent breakfast by the pool. Greedy little souls, [and frugal] westuffed our cargo shorts pockets with containers of fruit, pudding, boxes of cereal, and filled our little cooler, too. I dont mind eating fruit and cheerios for dinner. We brought our own travel mugs with us so we could 'fill up' with the Kona coffee. We saved a ton of money on food. In the 14 days we were there, neither one of us spent more than $60 on food. That included a pizza at Wolfgang Puck's 'to go', Ono's Hawaiian restaurant on kapahulu Ave. [yum!] and one meal in kauai, which we got at a deli, and had a picnic on a desserted beach.I was disappointed in the pool, however. Tiny and freezing cold!I LOVE Resort Quest, and the breakfast.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	3	4	

<Author>seagullman
<Content>Watch out for the lifts they bite Enjoyable stay and very accessible for waikiki beach. Try Kiki's restaurant it's good value for money. The rooms are clean and tidy and the 'BOB' buffet breakfast is adequate.Watch out for the lifts/ elevators there are a bit temperamental.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>yuhoo
<Content>Loved the hotel My husband and I stayed in this hotel end of March, beginning of April. We were on the 10th floor, no funny smells, no noise (although there was some construction going on close by that we could hear during the day), and no slow elevators.The room was clean and comfy with a partial view to the ocean, the breakfast was a big hit (nothing fancy, but we saved money by not having lunch) and the hotel is close to everything in Waikiki. The beach in front of the hotel is a fabulous feature too.We returned happy campers and will stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>westcoastgirrl
<Content>Great for Families! After much research I decided to book our 8 night stay in Waikiki at this hotel. I was very pleased and everything was as expected. We paid $213 per night with one night free for a partial ocean view. The room was updated with an LCD TV, new carpet. I travelled with my husband and 2 small children (1  4) and with my inlaws. I booked adjoining rooms and both were ready when we arrived around 1pm. The down side was we would have liked one room with 2 beds and 1 with a king, but all they could do was give us 2 beds in each room. Unfortunately they were double beds not queens which we are used to. We gave our luggage to the bell desk and our car was parked. Valet is mandatory and $20US per day which I think is very pricey, but all expected. The bell desk did not get our luggage to us for about 3 hours which was very annoying as we had alot and were still in our Vancouver weather clothing. Our rooms were on the 18th floor and had an awesome view of Diamond Head! The lanai was very small though and no chairs or space to sit out on the lanai. I think rooms facing other directions have chairs. The room was small for the 4 of us but the amenities of the area were great. I liked being near the quieter end of waikiki strip and across the road from the beach. This end is sheltered from large waves by a wall and is perfect if you have small children. We enjoyed the complimentary self serve breakfast each morning also. Each room has 2 cooler bags that you take down to the pool area and fill with items. It was usually the same stuff - individual cereals, yogourt, miso soup, rice, mini muffins, mini bagels, a pastry, fresh fruit containers (local fruit), coffee, juices and a hot selection - which was usually not good - tater tots, scrambled egg on a bagel, french toast sticks. Some ordinary bread with a toaster was not available and would have been nice but we made do. We usually took extra cereal or muffins for the kids to snack on later. I do not think all rooms come with breakfast though - and this seems to be contrary to ResortQuests website. We had yellow room cards which we needed to show to get into breakfast. Some people had red ones and I overheard the man saying that breakfast is $10 for them (not worth $10!). We had partial ocean view rooms so maybe standard don't get it. Check beforehand! The rooms have mini fridges which come in handy. (The in room safe is also $3 per day). I found the gift shop in the parking level well priced for souvenirs and the ABC store on the corner had everything. It was actually a bit better priced than other ABC's (maybe because its at the end of the strip). TIki's restaurant by the pool is excellent for lunch and has the best pina coladas I found. Cold Stone Creamery is awesome too. The ice cream is mixed together while you watch with whatever you want in it (ie for brownies - they cut them up and add them right there) - HUGE portions though! I was a bit disappointed in the ResortQuest Kids Play, Stay  Eat free program though. At check-in I received a bag with buckets  shovels, coloring book  crayons and each child got a card. The kids meals are not free at the on-site restaurant (Tiki's) and the only place we took advantage of this was 1 night for ribs at Tony Romas. I think the other restaurant was Sizzler? Not much anyway. When we went to the PCC they said we needed the coupon from the book given at check in for the kids to get in free - which I didn't bring (only the card) but they waived the coupon thank goodess. When I returned to the room  re-read the book it did indeed say to just show the card..I don't know - I'd just bring the book anyway. The program did offer alot of free attractions for kids though. Sorry such a long review - but I did really enjoy this hotel and would definitley stay here again. It is one of the best priced and you can't beat being at the beach. Its definitely a family property and if it were just me and my husband I'd probably consider something more central  fancier (like the Sheraton).  
<Date>Apr 1, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>nivag71
<Content>Awesome Location to stay What an excellent place to stay. This was my first time in Hawaii and I would love to come back and stay here again.The staff were great, (very friendly) My fiancee had a minor medical emergancy and the staff and manager went out of their way to make sure she was comfortable until an ambulance arrived. Breakfast is great (B.O.B is a great idea) so you can take it with you on your daily trips. If you are after something cooked Wolfgang Pucks downstairs makes great food too. Tiki's is awesome for a few drinksWe stayed in a junior suite with partial views (facing Wakiki beach) and it was excellent. We would highly recommend the suite for abit of extra room. (Very nice rooms) I had no problems getting free wifi on the 16th floor which was great.And the lifts aren't to bad. The longest we waited would have 1 to 2 mins max.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Victor
<Content>Great Hotel for the Value This is the first time I spent on the far north side of Waikiki and at this hotel. This hotel was charming with its hip remodel. The hotel is located across from the beach which is very convenient and less crowded. Breakfast is complimentary and can either be at poolside or brought to the room or at the beach which is cool. The rooms are very small but charming so if you don't stay in the room much, you will be fine. The air conditioning could use a filter. The elevators were slow at peak times. You will want to get a room on the 10th floor or higher to get away from any late night noise from the band at the restaurant/bar or poolside. Service was exceptional when you ask, but marginal otherwise. Be sure to take advantage of the ocean view rooms which are phenonmenal. The flat screen LCD TV's was a nice modern touch. The clientele includes families and younger singles. However, they were never a nuisance during my stay. If you are on a budget, this is one of the nicer hotels to stay at.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	3	3	4	3	3	

<Author>trouts
<Content>Great Place To Stay This is a great place to stay. My fiancee and I stayed here for a week in March and we really enjoyed this hotel.  Here is just a sample of the things we liked about this hotel. 1. reasonably priced --we had a partial oceanview room which was a great size plenty of room and great view. 2. Bathroom was huge --plenty of room for both of us to get ready at the same time.3. Friendly staff from the front desk to house cleaning to the breakfast and beach towel staff.4.Great location just at the end of the tourist strip and directly across from beach and zoo. We would recommend this hotel to anyone going to Waikiki .While staying here we did notice a few things. The locals are all really friendly and are truly interested in talking to you. If going anywhere on the Island we recommend using The Bus to get around as it is very convenient to take you anywhere. I also suggest not walking to the entrance to Diamond Head from your hotel as it is about a 45 minute brisk walk up hill save your energy for the hike up. As for places to eat . there are plenty of cheap eats all around we recommend Smorgys as it was an all you can eat buffet for $10.95 also try Cheeseburger in Paradise for a great burger  
<Date>Mar 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>briezer2
<Content>Good bang for the buck!       Dreamy sunset from the beach!  
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	5	4	4	

<Author>lwilson58
<Content>Great Location ~ friendly staff! Great location, right across the street from Waikiki beach and within an easy walk of many sights and great shopping! Room was clean, comfortable and the king size bed was huge! Great customer service, everyone was helpful and friendly - from the front desk clerks, restaurant staff to the young man who brought us extra towels!  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>JaneandPaul
<Content>Location, location, location! We booked this hotel for a two-night stay prior to our departure on a cruise. We had requested an ocean view room, and ended up with not only an ocean view from our balcony, but also a view of Diamond Head from the walkway outside our door. The hotel is older, so our bathroom was not very plush, but perfectly adequate. The bed and the bedroom were fine - king sized bed with good mattress and ample storage for our clothes. We had a small balcony that looked out sideways to Waikiki Beach. This hotel also features Breakfast on the Beach whereby you can take your little lunch pack down to the breakfast buffet, fill it up, and either go to the beach, on an excursion, or eat it there at poolside. We paid more than we usually do for hotels (we are usually budget travelers) but still found the price was right for this location. If you want to be right on Waikiki Beach, this is a very good choice. The only glitch was the elevators, which were set, for security purposes, to run with room key-card activation. Many people had trouble figuring out how to use them, some even resorting to using the stairs. We finally got the hang of it after a few failed attempts.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>rosygirl
<Content>Resortquest Waikiki Beach Hotel---Loved it! We stayed here for 1 night at the beginning of our time in Hawaii. I did a fair bit of research before booking and was very happy with our choice. It is an older hotel that has had a facelift and is now a funky and comfortable hotel. The room was not huge but who needs a huge room anyway. The bed was VERY comfortable and the linen was spotless and good quality. We had a partial ocean view and although the balcony was not big enough to sit on it didn't matter as we went and watched the sunset while dining at Tikis bar that evening.We were able to book in a bit early as our room was ready and we found the desk staff to be helpful and booking in was a breeze. The doorman Cliff is a gem......we found ourselves without a means of getting to the Makaha Golf resort (see review) and Cliff found us a way that was reasonably priced in relation to what it would have cost otherwise.We ate lunch at Wolfgang Pucks at ground level and dinner at the Tiki Bar on the pool level and both experiences were great (the purple taro bread was a bit of a shock!) I have noticed that some past guests have complained about the breakfast that is included in most tariffs (check when you book that it is included-a standard room at the cheapest rate doesn't include it).We found it to be great value-it included juice, cereal,yoghurt, pastries,toast, egg and bacon rolls, Japanese style food,coconut pudding etc. You are free to cram as much food into your complimentary cooler as you can and we had plenty left over to take with us for lunch. We also enjoyed the music and hula dancer provided by the pool during the breakfast time.We found this hotel to be EXCELLENT value. You are not paying a 5 star price and so you don't expect 5 star luxury however we found it to be comfortable, friendly and great value and would go back tomorrow given the chance.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sydney_Aussie21
<Content>Location is tops! Good views and ok customer service       view to the other hotels and beach line  
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>snow2day
<Content>Loved it!       Hotel from street  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>l3rap
<Content>Great Family Hotel Let me tell you it was hard to find a hotel that had a room that could fit a family of five with out charging double room rate.We stayed on ocean view side of one of the towers and it was fabulous!!!!!! Big enough for the five of us andthe location was just as great.From the pool area is a fantastic view of Diamond Head. I would definitly stay here again and have recomended it to friends.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	3	5	4	3	

<Author>lkplow
<Content>great location but some facilities and customer service problems       View of the hotel from Waikiki Beach  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	5	3	2	3	3	

<Author>Sandalwood
<Content>Fabulous Location The staff were all very friendly and attentive. When we needed more towels, TP, etc. they were brought to us quickly. The room was nice-rooms that end in 8 are larger! We had 1408 and it was great. Very comfortable beds that my daughter (who hates going to bed) started to look forward to in the evening!Nice flat screen TV. The bathroom shower was good with great water pressure and tons of hot water. The bathroom size was adequate. The toilet did not have a lid which was annoying as several toiletries and cosmetics took a swim daily! The location was terrific right across from the beach. Our room had a beautiful Diamond Head view with a small slice of ocean. The ground floor (valet parking area and drop-off smelled like sewage...who cares, it wasn't anywhere else. Wolfgang Puck's was good and fast. The daily breakfast was what you would expect...monotonous. But it was included and gave us a quick boost to start the day...beware of no plates available....you receive a couple of coolers to load food into. The A/C is on a motion detector...if you don't move to set it off it stays off and you broil...call the front desk to override the system which they will do easily and you will be cool all night long. Loved the location. Felt tucked away yet right in the midst of things at the same time. The Hotel has a great energetic and fun vibe. Would definately return! Had a blast!  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bethpegs
<Content>Faultless!!       Partial Ocean View room on 19th floor  
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>JustJen3
<Content>Excellent location and view! I was very pleasantly surprised by the hotel's location, new decorum, view from our 21st level room and a complementary breakfast in the early morning before our tour. I haven't visited Waikiki Beach in decades and this overnight was a great way to end our week in Hawaii. Stacey and Agnes at the Expedia Desk were extremely helpful - booking a Pearl Harbor Tour and a last minute shuttle to the airport.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mhyalene
<Content>Beautiful View       View from our hotel room lanai  
<Date>Feb 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SDChargerFan
<Content>Great location - Great staff I was skeptical at first, having never heard of Resort Quest before. We were going for the Pro Bowl event and wanted to stay in Waikiki, the site of all of the pre-game festivities and parties. It ended up being the perfect location - the huge Block Party was right outside our door, as were all of the events we wanted to attend. When we arrived, we upgraded to a suite for a nominal fee, and I'm glad we did. It was much larger than their normal rooms and offered a sit down balcony as opposed to one you could just stand on. Beautiful view. Directly across from a great beach. If I had to find something wrong with the place, it would be the noise from the bar downstairs, which was several floors below our room. You could hear the music every night, which was nice, but I could see how it would really bother some people. We were on vacation and enjoyed it, but it does go until very late at night. On a positive note, I am in the hotel industry myself and was very impressed with the staff. Great service and warm, friendly people who make you feel welcome. I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SCOTTOVER
<Content>Bad service, smells terrible, Elevators were Slowwww Stayed for 3 nights and should have just switched hotels. Most staff persons were rude and unacomodating. Our floor smelled of sweage. Entry light  bathroom light would flicker and not stay on. Pool cosed at 8pm (its still 78 degres outside!) Had to wait for 3 hours to get room keys, System was not working. Best of all: Elevators took 4-6 mins to reach the floors. 2 of the 5 didnt work at all. Never agian, don't waist your $$$ Stay at the Hyatt insted.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	2	3	3	

<Author>travelawayAB
<Content>great location My husband  I stayed here for 5 days in January. We requested an oceanview room. After reading Tripadvisor by someone that stayed on the 20th floor and had a great view we also requested a room on the 20th floor or higher. We received a room on the 23rd floor. Very spacious and a very comfortable King bed. We had a great view of Diamond Head and Waikiki Beach. The only thing we didn't like about hotel is that on this side of the hotel the balconies are very small. You cannot put a chair on the balcony whatsoever. The restaurant downstairs Wolfgang Pucks is a fast food place with great food. The lunchkits you receive to take downstairs for the continental breakfast was great. You fill it up with whatever you like and you could eat around the pool (they had live entertainment) or take it elsewhere. They give out very nice beach towels and also beach mats if you go to the beach. Its walking distance to International Market. There are city buses around the corner that we took to Hanauma Bay  Diamond Head. We also walked back from Diamond Head after our hike up it. The people at this hotel are very pleasant and helpful.We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>baliliz
<Content>Excellent location Great location - away from all the crowds so beach was pleasant. Booked a partial ocean view room expecting tobe upgraded to ocean view as they advertised on the website if you were over 50 you would be upgraded to the next grading (if available). The person at reception did not readily agree to our request. The first room we were allocated overlooked the carpark so we asked whether we could be moved. After much conversation they did to a better room. Balconies small but we did get ocean view so it was okay. Bathrooms are old but have been repainted. No bath so I was disappointed. Overall, for the money we paid, it was excellent. Room service, housekeeping were great - reception staff not as friendly. The pool guy who looked after the towels, pool area was the best - trying to remember his name - but nothing was too much trouble for him. Breakfasts had heaps of food on offer to suit all and the hula dancer and singer were wonderful. Started our day off on a happy note - so different from hotels at home. The Tiki Bar and Grill was also good - food ample and service good. Location was within walking distance to so many places - Diamond Head area and into Waikiki Central. Dukes was my favourite bar. Would definitely stay at the Resortquest if we ever return to Waikiki. Across the road from the ResortQuest, Saturday evenings they have movies in the park on a huge screen. We were lucky enough to be there when they had the premier of the 3rd Lost series - red carpet laid out on the sand for all the actors - felt like I was at the Oscars and was a real tourist with my video camera - nothing like that happens in Adelaide. Lots of happy memories when I think about Hawaii.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>InLoveWithWeddings
<Content>We highly recommend the Resort Quest Waikiki Beach Hotel! We had a wonderful experience at the RQ from the time we arrived until the day we departed. We stayed at the RQ from 1/27/07-2/3/07. Room: I loved the way the room was decorated. It's very Hawaiian and fun. We stayed in a ocean front room and the view was absolutely amazing!!! The beds are super comfortable. I agree that both the room and bathroom are small, but for two people it wasn't a problem. The TV is great, but the actual cable was fuzzy. (There's no point in providing a plasma TV with poor cable.) The refrigerator was also great. (We would bring up extra fruit from breakfast to snack on during the evening.) The doors are very heavy, so you can here you neighbor when they leave. We tried to close our door as quietly as possible.Customer Service: Everyone working at the hotel was extremely friendly and helpful. They always had a smile. Our maid was a little stingy on the lotion, soap, shampoo, etc. We had to call for more soap at one point.Valet: All of the parking attendants were always very nice and more than willing to help. The valet service was excellent. We would call from our room prior to leaving and our car was there right away. (Keep in mind that we stayed at this hotel during low season. I think the service is probably faster this time of the year, especially compared to the summertime.)Food: The complimentary breakfast was great. Yes they do end up serving the same food everyone morning, but it saved us a lot of money and time. I really enjoyed the coconut pudding! (FYI, the hot food wasn't always so hot.) Overall, I think the breakfast was a wonderful idea.We never ate at Tiki's, but the music was wonderful to listen to.Wolfgang Puck's was also good. I would recommend eating at Chuck's. It's located above Duke's and has an awesome view! (Go for the early bird special.)Location: I thought the location was perfect. You are in walking distance to all of Waikiki, but it's a little more low key since it's located at the end. The views are really awesome. The beach in front of the hotel is great. Overall, we really enjoyed this hotel and will definitely stay again in the future.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>toulousaine
<Content>Super Family Place, a Few Bad Things We booked this hotel through ---.com and stayed here for three nights, Jan. 12-15, 2007. When we arrived at the car rental place we were informed of a tsunami watch, it was supposed to hit at 12:30 that night, so I was extremely panicky when we got to the hotel. The valet and bellman took care of our car and things as soon as we arrived and the people at check-in did very well in calming me down about the tsunami. Thank goodness it didn't happen!Due to my anxiety, I didn't even get a first impression of the hotel, my mind was elsewhere. But the kids each got a RQ backpack full of sand toys and other things and also an ID card to get discounts at other places. Both lobbies (parking lobby and upstairs check-in/pool lobby) are nice and feel very Hawaiian. The restroom signs have swimwear on the men/women icons, very cute.We had a partial ocean view room on the 10th floor. The rooms are small, but not claustrophobic. The ceiling seemed to be a bit lower than normal, though. The room was completely remodeled and had Hawaiian theme all over it. The head boards, pillows and throw were hibiscus print. Nice touches! Unfortunately, I didn't find the refrigerator until check out. (It was in the dresser). The flat screen TV was nice, but we only used it at night when we were falling asleep in our beds.The bathroom, however, was disappointing. It seemed like an old bathroom slopped with paint and some kitschy bamboo accents . The ceiling REALLY seemed low in here. The bath products were nice smelling and placed on a cute little surfboard. But the tub was old, the ceilings had some scary looking vents that I was sure a roach was going to pop out of while I was showering! The floor was not new. I did not like being in the bathroom at all.Also, our balcony was TINY. We were on the Diamond Head side with a great view of it, though. The ocean view was definitely partial and you had to careen your neck out to see it. The balcony was very disappointing, it was standing room only, being so narrow.The breakfast in the morning was a very big plus for us. They gave us two coolers to put items into; either to take on the beach (鈥淏reakfast on the Beach鈥? or stay at the outdoor Tiki Lounge and watch the hula dancer and listen to the live music which was really good! The breakfast was great considering it was free. French toast sticks, egg and cheese quiche (not really a quiche), fresh fruit, yogurt, cereal, miso soup, haupia (coconut pudding), fresh tropical juices. The coffee was an inferior Kona blend, but did the job. There is an ABC store below the hotel (wow, so far away?) and also Starbucks, Cold Stone Creamery and Wolf Gang Pucks. The only thing we would change is that we would never valet park again. This was a whopping $20 per day, which is also charged on a day where you have only 2 hours until the next day! For three nights we paid $60!This is our 4th time to Waikiki, but first time on this end of Waikiki Beach. We loved this side! The hotel is in a prime location and we would not hesitate to recommend it or stay there again, in spite of the bathroom and tiny balconies.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	3	4	4	4	

<Author>KahluaMartini
<Content>double billed We stayed at the waikiki beach hotel in October 2006 and on December 29th the hotel billed our credit card for our stay and our sons stay. We booked through flight centre and had Pre Paid vouchers which we submitted when we arrived. The Hotel refuses to reverse the charges or answer emails and phone calls and flight centre have been trying to get the charges reversed and today over one month later the charges still apply. PLUS the hotel billed for the full 9 days and our booking was a special with every 3rd day free. I am very dissapointed and want to warn all futuire passengers to ensure the hotel does not try to make more money from you all. I will keep posting a warning untill the cahrges are reversed.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CalgaryCalgaryfamily
<Content>Calgary Family Jan 2007 We spent the week of Jan 24-31 on the 23rd floor.Staff: friendly but not interfering. good housekeeping. great hotel if you don't like to be coddle/interfered at every turn by hotel staff. Grade: BRoom: newly renovated. great beds and pillows for sleeping LG 37 LCD tv was terrific. Grade A-Bathroom: hotel must have ran out of money during renos. old and yucky. Grade: FValet: friendly and helpful with directions, but make sure you call down 10 mins ahead. Grade BLocation: excellent but being at the end of the waikiki strip, it wasn't as busy. Grade B+View: we were in junior suite which is a larger room with 2 double beds(wish they could be 2 queens). we had view of ocean and diamond head. Grade: BFood: free breakfast was convenient and at the right price, but don't expect gourmet. at the price of food in honolulu, the free breakfast would probably save a family of four at least $40 a day. so there can be no complaints. Grade: BRestaurants: there is only fast food, korean and japanese food in honolulu mostly which were not as good as the food we find in calgary. however, we found a great daily dinner buffet at the kuhio beach grill(which was across the street) that was excellent, reasonable priced restaurant, good service, clean, and not well known.Overall Grade: B-Would I stay again? yes, if i was not having an anniversary or special event. great for families. make sure you rent a car as the ride around the east part of the island is spectacular and the kailua beach park is the best beach...about 15 minute drive from honolulu.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>lovinthesunregina
<Content>Great hotel Just got back from a great winter getaway. This hotel has a great location just across the street from the beach. The view from the balcony is wonderful. Many other attractions are within walking distance and access by trolley or bus to further locations is easily arranged. The activity desk personel within the hotel are very helpful. The rooms are comfortable and I did not find them overly small. The rooms are clean and the beds very, very comfortable. The small fridge was a nice convenience to keep food and drink on hand and the flat screen plasma t.v. was a bonus. All of the staff are very friendly/helpful and always willing to make your stay even more pleasurable. The 2 restaurants have good food (the Tiki has nightly entertainment). The free breakfast was a nice convenience. The hot items were not great, but there is a good selection of yoghurt, fruit, cereals and pastries to choose from to make up for it. I will stay at this hotel again and highly recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>alohahi
<Content>nice beds I stayed at this hotel for a week in mid January. Pros:Right across from the beach  close to diamond head. Across the street from beautiful and peaceful park. Free breakfast to stuff in your BOB bags. Plenty of items to choose from, but mostly unhealthy. They did have great fruit bowls and miso soup though. I got plenty to last me breakfast and lunch. Refrigerator in room was convenient.The beds were so comfortable  I'm extremely picky when choosing beds. The flat screen TV was nice, as was the bright modern hawaiian decor in rooms. There is a cd player on the nightstand.Tiki's can be a fun bar to hang out and watch the sunset. Cons:There were a lot of construction noises - guys hacking away at the concrete outside lanais. I moved to a higher floor on the other side of the building, but it was still noisy. The rooms that face the marriott have a much bigger lanai with chair and ottoman that you can relax on. The rooms on the other side are too close to a dumpy hotel and you can see in every single room  the lanai is barely big enough to stand on. I found lots of mold in both rooms I stayed in. Housekeeping said there was nothing they could do about it.The bathrooms were not luxurious by any means - functional, but pretty disappointing.They don't let you stay even 5 minutes later than checkout without charging you $25. TV channel selection was poor, but they did have plenty of in room movies to choose from.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	4	3	2	2	3	

<Author>LeilaCalifornia
<Content>Great Hotel       Sunset from the pier (across the street from hotel)  
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rmsr163
<Content>Great Location - On the Beach Stayed for the weekend - arrived on Friday, Jan.5th ,and left late on Sunday, Jan. 7th , for Maui. My husband and I were quite pleased with the location and the appearance of the hotel. The rooms were clean, brightly decorated, and had flat screen TVs. The location is great. The beach is right across the street - where you would want to be. In the morning we took our 'free' ResortQuest cooler bags from our room to the pool area and filled them from the breakfast buffet (cereals, sweet rolls, fresh fruits, yogurts, a prepared egg dish with tater tots, all sorts of hot and cold drinks). We ate our goodies on the pool deck overlooking the beach. We walked to Diamond Head (1.5 miles, slight uphill walk - 45 min.), climbed to the edge of the crater (45 min.- winding paths, steep stairs), view spectacular, and then walked back. Spent the afternoon on beach, great walking beach. That weekend they was music entertainment and they were showing free movies on the beach, so we grabbed beach towels from the pool area and sat on Waikiki in the sand watching the comedy, Click. After the movie we went back to the restaurant at the hotel and had a good meal. The food, music, and service was good. Went to Pearl Harbor on the 6:15am tour on Sunday, which we arranged at the Expedia.com desk in lobby - Stacey is GREAT -gave us excellent advise for Honolulu and Maui. By the time we left Pearl Harbor @ 10:30am, the wait was 2 hours to get in. Expedia was right and recommending we take the 6:15am bus from in front of the hotel. Stacey from Expedia also recommended a fantastic luau in Maui for us. Definitely stop by their desk to arrange any tours. We would recommend this hotel for its location and price.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>hawaii4life
<Content>Great Hotel (We are not use to Valet) Since I usually use this site as a reference for our vacations I thought I might give my thoughts on this hotel. This hotel was one of the best ones we stayed at so far. We have been to Oahu 3 times already (1st Resort Quest Waikiki Beachside 2005, Waikiki Grand 2006, Resort Quest Beach tower 2006). We stayed on the 25th floor. Check in was a breeze and they were very helpful. Valet was our only problem. We are not use to it. So having to call down for our car was a bit of a pain, an not to say I am cheap but I felt obligated to tip every time even when the valet was not in a good mood. When we first got there someone that I thought was the valet driver came to my side and greeted us, I thought he was the valet so I tipped him and it turned out he was the greeter. Not the driver so once I gave him the key I gave him the tip and when we got our luggage out he handed the key to another person who saw me and gave a funny look. Lesson learned. The other issue was that we left our bags in the valet because the greeter said someone will bring them up. Well we got checked in an into our rooms and it was about 40 minutes later that I called for our luggage and by the time it got to our room it was well over an hour. My suggestion is if you can carry your bags or roll them do it your self. Wind was a major problem. We had about 3 days of Wind and you can really hear the wind especially on the 25th floor. It would whistle through the crack in the door. My suggestion is to put a towel in the crack of the door. It really helped out. Our room accommodations were great we had a plasma screen but the cable channel options sucked. I only say that because at night when we are in the room there is nothing to watch no spike TV etc. Especially the first few nights when I did not put the towel under the door. They do provide free breakfast if you come early. It was not a Denny's style or diner style but it does fill you up and your are not limited to how much you take. My wife and I both took the complementary food bags with us downstairs filled them up with cold stuff like yogurt, fruit snacks that we would use during our excursions. The other was for hot food for breakfast. Very convenient, you can save money on food this way. I heard complaints about the elevators about having to wait a long time to get them. Remember we were on the 25th floor and our average wait was about 1 minute. It was the going down part that was a problem the 2nd day. There was a lot of floor by floor stop and p/u or wait for the next elevator type of stuff. It reminded me of the casinos. So over all my only complaint was the valet in the fact that we are not use to it and the feeling of being obligated to tip. Some days I felt like they did not deserve it but I tipped them anyway because of stories I have heard of things happening to cars after giving to the valet and remember (valet is not responsible for any damage to the vehicle). Because of that obligation to tip, it really limited our driving. Before at the other hotels we would go in and out as many times as we wanted (no valet), but at this hotel we had to plan out our driving. Ex if we went out we had to make sure we had everything we needed an once we left the hotel we left the hotel and tried not to comeback until we were done. I liked the in and out convenience without the valet though. Over all I would recommend this hotel, it was one of the modern ones and it had a gym which was nice. I may not go back to this hotel only because of valet. I like being able to come and go as I please w/o having to call for my car and paying every time I call and drop off my car. If you do not have an issue with valet go to this hotel. It is one of the better ones.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>emah
<Content>generally fine, but a few reservations I stayed at the Waikiki Beach Hotel from Dec 29 through Jan 4 2007. I had a small room on the 6th floor (603) and overall am happy with my experience. I looked around for ages to find a decent but affordable hotel on waikiki beach, and read the reviews with some concern but I think, for me, this was a good choice. First the room: I decided not to pay for an ocean view but in fact pretty much all of the rooms in this hotel have a view anyway from the Lanai. Outside my balcony is the Marriott, but the view of the water is fine when standing outside. the absolute most important thing to me in a hotel is the bed - usually i pay for the sheraton for this reason but the price on waikiki is outrageous. anyway, this bed is easily as comfortable as the sheraton bed. a lovely pillowtop cover, firm, and high off the ground, lots of pillows, good quality bedding - just perfect and more than makes up for the shortcomings of the room. there is also an enormous plasma screen tv - 1 metre across x 60cms deep. amazing.there is a small barfridge and the room safe is big enough for my laptop and everything else. the bathroom is small but well organised - someone else complained here about the curved shower rail but in fact it is great - there is an inner curtain to stop water dripping over the edge of the bathtub and the curve means you have plenty of room to manouver without getting stuck to the curtain. toiletries are ok. the couple of maintenance issues i had were dealt with very promptly (I did as somone here suggested and had them override the AC system so that it does not turn off at night, and they also helped me set up my laptop so i can tune into the internet here in the US. the room itself is very small but i expected that, as the frommers guide made much of the small rooms. for one person it was perfectly ok, even though my room is a disaster zone with all the shopping spread out on every available space. i had lunch one day at the tiki grill and that staff were very attentive and helpful and service was fast. although they don't really do vegetarian food at all, they made me a sandwich on request. the bad: the staff are friendly but not very helpful. yesterday i was given completely contradictory and incorrect information that stuffed up my day; i strongly recommend that you call the tour companies or look up shuttle schedules on the internet yourself - they don't really instill a great deal confidence when it comes to information about tourism activities or even cabs - both times i asked the bellboy to call me a cab i ended up going on to the street and waving one down myself - faster!they charge $3 a day for the inroom safe which i think is really nickle and dime stuff - it should be included in the room charge. they also charge $10 a day for the internet which strikes me as pretty excessive but maybe that it just because i am used to having it for free. using a phone card incurs the same costs as making a domestic call anyway which is irritating, the buffet breakfast which they rave about is really pretty dreadful. and the bad thing is, that its here so its hard to make yourself go elsewhere and have something decent. there seems to be a two-day rotation for the hot stuff (which is really yech - french toast strips or potato gems, all soft and greasy - and something with egg and meat which they cut up into squares and either stick in a muffin or in a box - stay clear. but there is cereal and yoghurt and pieces of fresh fruit which it is hard to muck up, lots of coffee and juice, and those mini bagels with jelly which people seem to like, after day two its all very uninspiring. the other negative is location. while it is true that the hotel is literally across the street from the beach, unless you have a child and want to spend all day playing in the shallow ocean pool they have created, you have to walk at least 500 metres to get past the pool and the barriers, to get to free ocean. its not a big drag or anything but it is a little misleading. next time i would try out the waikiki circle hotel which is literally opposite the first place you can actually free swim.so; overall satisfied, but not without some reservations.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>hawaii50Atlanta
<Content>Great hotel Though not our first choice, the Resortquest was a nice hotel to stay at. We'd booked a stay with the Wyland Doubletree but due to plumbing problems they were having they transferred our reservation to Resortquest. On our first night there we were in a standard partial oceanview room on the 24th floor. The hotel has 25 floors. The standard rooms are nice but too small, almost claustrophobic. The showers are great if you are short. The room was clean and recently renovated and was also nicely decorated and even has a plasma tv. The view from the room was great. The next couple nights we stayed there we were in a partial oceanview junior suite on the 9th floor. The suite size was about the size of a regular hotel room. We were on the diamondhead side of the hotel this time and the view was not as nice as the great oceanview we had when we stayed the first night on the other side of the hotel. From the suite we had a good view of the hotel next door, could not see diamondhead, and could only see a small part of the ocean. The hotel offers a complimentary breakfast they refer to as BOB- breakfast on the beach. They provide insulated cooler bags that you can fill up and take with you. My kids enjoyed the breakfast though they wished there was some variety. They got tired eating the same things by the third day. There are 2 restaurants on site which serve good food and that is a great convenience. The one thing that I disliked the most about this hotel is that I have to valet park and that is a great inconvenience since no matter how long in advance I call down to get my vehicle ready I always ended up waiting what seemed like a long time when I got down there. Every staff member I came in contact with was friendly. The location of the hotel is great right across the street from Waikiki Beach.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2006
<Rating>4	2	3	3	3	4	3	1	

<Author>gbl97
<Content>Would stay here again Waikiki Beach Hotel positives----------------------------------------* Breakfast - The free breakfast was a great way to start the day. The best part was probably the entertainment. A gentleman playing acoustic guitar and a hula dancer. They were fantastic! Their performance was full of Hawaiian flavor and culture.* Service upon checkin - We were happy to be greeted by the staff before we even got out of the car. They offered to take our bags up to the room and made us feel very welcome. This was a big plus after a stressful trip!* Tiki's - The restaurant is on-site. They have a nice lunch and dinner menu and great drinks! We enjoyed ending our day on the patio, having a drink, and listening to live music nightly.* Concierge - They have several activities desks and the hotel concierge was VERY knowledgable. She would call and book any activity you could ever want.* Location - It's far enough away from the crowded part of Waikiki, but still within walking distance of all the commotion.Waikiki Beach Hotel negatives-----------------------------------------* The only issue we had was with the A/C in our room. They had recently installed motion-detecting thermostats that shut off your A/C when no motion is detected. This creates two problems: 1) when you're sleeping at night, motionless, your A/C goes off and the room gets hot, and 2) after a long day in the heat, it feels good to come back to a cool room, but it would be hot because the thermostat would shut off while we were gone. This CAN be resolved. Simply call the front desk and they will send someone up to override the setting on your thermostat.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>magicbeyours
<Content>ResortQuest was great! Had a wonderful stay at the ResortQuest Waikiki Beach Hotel across the street from the Beach. The partial view room on the top floor had a great small lanai to enjoy the sunsets. The room was small but very comfortable (wouldn't recommend for large families). Bed was excellent. Enjoyed the morning breakfast (there was always a new warm item). You can check out beach chairs and towels, pack your free breakfast in the insulated lunch bag and walk over to the beach for a wonderful morning meal! The breakfast is served next to the swimming pool and every morning there was live music and a hula dancer. Tikki Bar had great food and reasonably priced drinks. Note: They do not have laundry facilities on the premise.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>twinsmum
<Content>Paradise re-visited My friend and I have just returned following our holiday in beautiful Hawaii. We're both from Melbourne, Australia and so travelling to a warm climate with beaches is not usually a big deal for us, but this trip was something we'll both remember with fond thoughts and we've already started planning our 2007 holiday! The ResortQuest Waikiki Beach Hotel was better than we had hoped for and after reading all the Travel Advisor Reviews we were certainly prepared for most things. We both thought that the daily breakfast, entertainment (with Hawaiian music and a hula girl dancing) and the position of the hotel were perfect and the shops a healthy stroll along Kalakaua Avenue. The accommodation cost was very reasonable and we booked an Oceanview room on the 20th floor which was fantastic. Beds were very comfortable, staff friendly and we have absolutely no complaints - we hope to re-book for next year. Lucky for us we've come back to summer weather here, so we can prolong our tans and continue our holiday habit of a daily Mai Tai or Pina Colata cocktail. So, aloha to all......and if you want any more info I'd be happy to answer any queries, my email is: oz.wa.hine@hotmail.com.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>imajum
<Content>Loved the Hotel! Highly recommended!       View of waikiki looking toward the mariott  
<Date>Dec 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Taralm10
<Content>Good value for hotel on the beach We stayed in a Junior suite with an ocean view. Our view was mostly of the hotel next door, buy you did have a view of the ocean. The balcony was so small it really did not matter about the view, you could not sit out there anyway. The room was nicely decorated and comfortable. Because we had a suite, we had a sofa and extra space (I did see the regular rooms and they looked very small). The bathroom was small, but clean and typical for a hotel room. The hotel location was great, with plenty of shops and dining just a quick walk away. The pool was a disappointment, not getting a bit of sun until 1:30 in the afternoon. I would consider the breakfast continental style - they gave you small cooler bags to pack your breakfast and go (probably not a good idea - people would pack these bags with way more food than they would eat, allowing some items to run out before the breakfast was over). The entire staff was friendly and helpful, including the parking staff at the valet. We never had to wait for our car, we would call from our room and by the time we were down in 15 minutes, it would be waiting ($15 is what they charge per night, which is reasonable for parking in waikiki). The hotel also allowed us to do a late checkout which good since many flights back to the mainland leave in the late afternoon or evening (must request the day of your departure and the hotel will charge you if it is 2pm or later). My favorite part of the hotel was the restraunt Tiki's. We made reservations one evening and were set overlooking the beach. They have a great menu, the food was delicious, and the staff so friendly. We booked our room through resortquest website and got the 4th night free (great deal).  
<Date>Dec 2, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>windy48
<Content>good experience We stayed five nights in November and enjoyed it for the most part, The room was rather small but ocean front. It was clean and the hotel was in a very convenient location, We really enjoyed the breakfast on the beach and the views from the balcony, If you are looking for a quite romantic get a way you may be disappointed, The hotel was packed and noisy, Music from the openair bar downstairs played until midnight most nights, (we were on the 15th floor) doors slamming and people talking in the hall ways contributed to the noise level, The elevators were always a long wait and confusing to many as some only went to certain floors, The frig in the room was a nice feature as you could bring snacks from the breakfast and save to eat later.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>laurengucsb
<Content>Perfect Place to Stay in Waikiki The ResortQuest Waikiki Beach Hotel was exactly what I was looking for. Although I was in Hawaii for business, the hotel really helped me relax. The hotel has a great location, right across from the beach and close to all the restaurants and shops. The room was great with new bedding, up-to-date furniture and even a flat screen TV! I loved their idea about the beach breakfast, they give you a little cooler bag and every morning you can go down and fill it with all kinds of breakfast treats; you could tell everyone was having fun. I was also impressed with how friendly the staff was - anytime I passed anyone they always smiled and said hello. I loved the tropical theme that was very classy where so many hotels go wrong with it. I would definitely recommend this hotel to families, couples and business travelers.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>1TheIceman1
<Content>If something goes wrong during your stay, BEWARE We stayed at this hotel for six nights at the end of October for our Honeymoon. We intended to save a few dollars by staying here and really regretted this decision. The few perks offered to honeymoon couples is that they provide you with a complimentary upgrade from a garden view to an ocean facing room. They also give you a bottle of champagne. Here is the story on the rooms: The garden rooms face another hotel that is approximately 15 stories high. If your room is on the right side of the hotel you will be looking directly into another hotel. The ocean facing rooms have a decent view, however, the rooms are exremely loud in that the face busy Kalukala Ave, and an adjacent street. Be prepared for early mornings sounds of buses, garbage trucks, and delivery trucks backing up (beep, beep, beep) into the delivery entrance of the Marriott next door that happens to face this hotel. The lower your floor is the louder it is going to be. There is a bar called Tikis which plays live music during breakfast and at night. You can clearly hear this music if you are staying in a room below floor 10 that faces the ocean. Don't expect large rooms; they are tiny. If you are travelling for a few weeks like we did, you will have space issues with all of your bags. Apparently they updated about half of their rooms: a cheap LCD tv, new paint, and new furniture. Lipstick on a pig. This is a old hotel and you can see through this. The pool here is atrocious. It gets absolutely no sun, is extremely small and serves little purpose other than providing a nice backdrop. The parking situation is bad. Real bad. You have no choice but to valet your car, it costs $15 and takes apporximately 10-15 minutes for them to retireve your car. We found it inconvenient to have to ask a valet to fetch our car, wait, and then be expected to tip him afterwards. Although we returned our car the hotel attempted to charge us for two nights of valet parking that we never used. Kind of hard since we had no car to park. Make sure to read your itemized bill at check out!!!! Breakfast is included with your room. A nice way to save a few dollars, they do change the menu every other day, but it does get old real quick. My advice is to grab a few coffees and head elsewhere for breakfast. They serve a pretty unhealthy mixture of food, ranging from egg sandwiches to tater tots. Here is the nightmare. We were upgraded from a garden room to an ocean facing room Room 725 on the 7th floor. Our first night there was a bad night since the live band was playing at Tiki's below. They 7th floor is only 3 levels above the terrace area for Tikis so you hear people talk, scream, and every note from the band. You won't get a good night sleep on a low floor at this hotel. The A/C in this room stopped working one night when we were getting ready for dinner. We also noticed that the A/C unit which was housed in the bathroom ceiling was leaking. We called maintenance and they soon opened the ceiling panel which dumped 5-6 gallons of water all over our bathroom thereby ruining our toiletries. (We were compensated $25 and had to go to the ABC store to purchase new tooth brushes, etc.) After speaking to the manager, his name was Joe the night manager, he struggled to give me apology and said he would move us to a new room. Think about how horrible it is to have to re-pack everything you had already unpacked and leave the room while trying not to leave anything behind. This all happened during dinner time: we were starving and missed our dinner reservation. We then moved to Room 2111. Laying in bed, I could not help notice a constant crashing noise that would rattle the walls and light fixures in our room. After investigating a little more, I discovered that Joe the manager had placed us in a room directly next to a bank of three elevators. It pains me to think that he had the audactiy to move us to that awful room after the first expereince with the noise and bad A/C unit. I then went to the front desk at 12:30 am and spoke with the manager again. He was completely clueless as to the situation and didn't bother to utter on apology. He then promised a new room in the morning. After checking with the front desk in the morning about our new room, we were informed that we would have to empty all of our belongings from the old room 2111 by 12:00pm in order to move. After a short argument, we refused and went on our way. This hotel again had the audacity to try to uproot us for their own convenience and had no idea what they were putting us through. So after re-packing again, we were moved to Room 2519. Great view, the A/C worked, and it was quiet. Finally no problems here, but after that whole ordeal we vowed to never give any business to this hotel chain again. Lesson learned: Do not stay here. If something goes wrong here, and it will, the staff is incapable of providing a bare minimum level of customer service and cannot solve simple problems.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	1	5	3	2	1	-1	

<Author>missa21
<Content>Loved It!!! We werent expecting much in waikiki just a place to stay on the beach, wow were we in for a treat! We absolutly loved the Resortquest. It was in walking distance of great shopping and was right on the beach!! All staff was pleasant, was very clean, rooms were newly update. The only negatives were the tiny bathrooms and the horrible breakfast. But for the price we paid it was heaven on earth. They even gave us a bottle of champagne since we were honeymooners! What nice suprise this hotel was!  
<Date>Nov 8, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	3	4	5	3	

<Author>musiclover22
<Content>loved it I really liked this hotel we were only there two nights but the staff was very friendly. the Ocean vewi rooms are outstanding!!!!!! beach, resturant, bar, pool all right there! the elvator is a little tricky somtimes but overall the property was great I would for sure book it again!!  
<Date>Nov 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>greatxcape
<Content>Great stay!       The Room  
<Date>Nov 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	5	3	

<Author>babybren
<Content>Over All Good Hotel This hotel is in the best location in Hawaii. We went for or honeymoon and were up-graded to a better view of the ocean.(Make sure you tell them if you are on your honeymoon when you check in). Rooms are a bit small but you really are not in your room that much. Eat at Tikis down stairs its great, Cheese Burger in Paridise right down the street,and the beach is only a few feet away.This was our second time at this hotel and would stay there again. I would recomend this hotel to all age groups and familys.Only one complant. This is a no smokeing hotel for all us smokers out there. You will have to go down to the street loby to smoke, and if you do smoke in your room , you will be charged $200.00 on your credit card.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>belle_ell
<Content>Great location to walk to beach! This hotel was very clean and recently remodeled. We unfortunately stayed on the 5th floor where there was very little view of the water from our room. This was okay for us because we were in the room very little due to our short stay(only two nights). I would ask next time for a room that is on a higher floor to be able to see the water better. This is a completely no smoking facility which as a non-smoker was great! We were able to have a late check out of 6pm for a fee so that we could spent the last day snorkling and then return to take a shower and get ready before we caught our flight back to Atlanta at 6pm. This was very helpful! The hotel is right across the street from the beach(this part of the beach was more like a lagoon blocked from the really harsh waves with a sea wall. it made is much more relaxing and would be great for children) and a local park. There is surfing right down the beach on either side. Also, this is within walking distance of all of the major shops in Waikiki! The location of this hotel is superb!  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>nismoboy
<Content>First time stay and it won't be the last! Girlfriend and I stayed for 7 nights in early October and it was quite simply a blast. The negative reviews we both read about we could agree was negative but really now, the majority of them were really minor quibbles when you stop and realize that you're on vacation and aren't spending too much time in your room anyway!The room we got was great with a beautiful view of the ocean (partial view but still great!), the bed was comfortable and the climate control was excellent. The washroom could use a remodel as well but it did its job, one tiny complaint though is the lack of a fan in the bathroom. Not really that big an issue really.Checkin was quick once it got to our turn, and having Expedia's activity desk right in the hotel was great as it made getting tours a breeze. Hotel staff was pleasant, and our room was made every day with new towels.Breakfast at the Beach was a great touch and makes for a good start to the day. The food does get a bit repetitive but it's free, and you can't complain when you can simply load up on fruits and a healthy yogurt.All in all this hotel did its job, and even exceeded it in my view. Waikiki is a blast and we had lots of fun, which is only made all the more special when you have a great base of a hotel like the Resortquest Waikiki Beach.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>cksiam
<Content>Very pleased with our stay here! My wife and I just returned from our stay at this hotel in Waikiki. My first time in Hawaii (my wife's third). Before booking, I looked at many reviews and decided on the Waikiki Beach hotel. I am VERY happy that we stayed here. Here's a quick rundown on the various features/issue other reviewers have praised or criticized:ROOM SIZES and VIEW: Yes, the rooms are small as are the bathrooms, but they are hardly as cramped as some make them out to be. To keep things in perspective, my brother-in-law from Japan was staying at the Sheraton Waikiki and his room directly faced the beach. Aside from the slightly fancier bathroom, his room was no bigger than our own (seriously). In fact, I found our rooms to be much more pleasant. Okay, so his balcony was much larger. While we had a Partial Ocean View room (on the Diamond Head side), we had to go out on the balcony to see the ocean. Nothing great and may not even be worth paying for unless you feel you must spend time out on the balcony. BUT from our beds we had a direct view of Diamond Head. Fortunately, that view from our room wasn't blocked by the adjacent hotel (rooms on the same side but closer to the beach would be looking directly at the other hotel). Not sure what the view on the otherside of the hotel would look like, but the side we were on was very quiet (because a street wasn't directly below us). Overall, anyone who is not a spoiled princess/prince will find the room size perfectly comfortable for two people (with two small kids, it would get cramped as most non-suite rooms would). As for the view, truthfully, without the direct Diamond Head view, the POV would be nothing special. BEDS: Very, very comfortable. We slept very well.ELEVATORS: We stayed on the 12th floor and really couldn't tell what people were complaining about. Perhaps the elevators were part of the recent renovations. The elevators were fine.CLIMATE CONTROLS in Room: Worked great. Quiet too. The hallways and elevators did not seem to be as well ventilated/cooled as they could have been, though. Who knows why? None-the-less, this wasn't an issue at all. Everything was clean, well maintained and nothing smelled.BREAKFAST ON THE BEACH: Excellent. The food was good (not great), but enough variety. My wife is Japanese and she enjoyed the Japanese food they had very much. Fresh fruit, cereal, changing egg items (sandwiches, omelettes, etc.), french toast, mini-bagels, muffins, coffee. Sometimes we would eat in the morning, and pack muffins, fruit, etc with us for lunch on days we were just hanging out at the beach. It was really convenient, especially when we went snorkeling at Hanauma Bay. Also, they have a hula dancer and singer/guitar player from 8:00 to 9:30 AM. Very nice to have breakfast on the pool deck and outside Tikis in the morning overlooking the beach and listening to the music.SERVICE: Very nice. Casual, too. Not fancy-smancy as my grandmother would say.TIKIS: We ate there several times. The food wasn't spectacular, but it was still very good. And given its location and atmosphere, well worth eating there. Service was fine.POOL and POOL Deck: Never used it. Nothing special. Between the check in counter and TIKIs. If you must have a resort-like pool for your vacation, then don't stay here.TOURS/THINGS TO DO: There were several tourist counters in the hotel near the lobby to book activities. Very convenient. I won't comment on the individual things we did, but suffice to say, we weren't disappointed.HOTEL LOCATION: We were happy we stayed at this end of Waikiki, away from the masses. But still easy walk to everything.OVERALL: If we ever go back to Waikiki, we'll definitely stay here. No reason to take our chances elsewhere, and we were definitely pleased with our choice. Tiki's was very nice and convenient to have right at the hotel. Breakfast was a great free bargain. Not knowing anything about the other sides, I would recommend getting a view of Diamond Head (quieter, spectacular sight). And the other guests we met seemed very happy here too. We spent about $150/night for the room.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>soccermom74
<Content>Overall -- good       sunset from our lanai  
<Date>Oct 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>jfcurtin9
<Content>Would stay here again We stayed here the first week in October. Our room had recently been remodeled and had a plasma tv. We had an amazing view as our room overlooked both the ocean and Diamond Head. We rented a Jeep so we could come and go as we pleased. I would usually call down for the Jeep about 10-15 minutes before we were ready to leave and it was ready for us ever time. The staff was nice and friendly. The location of the hotel was perfect. Easy to get in and out of and less than 5 minutes to H1. I ate the breakfast the first 5 days and it was good. But, it got a little old towards the end of the week. We did not eat at Tiki's. However, it was pretty busy every time we walked past. We would usually walk down the street in the evenings and shop and we would eat as we got hungry. We did eat at the Ocean House, Cheesecake Factory, Chuck's Steakhouse, and Duke's. These were all very good restaurants and within easy walking distance. We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>N&AYOUNG
<Content>Amazing! We stayed at the Resortquest Waikiki Beach Hotel for 5 nights from 23rd September 2006. The room was great with an amazing view of the beach and ocean. The location was perfect. We were sad to leave and would definitely stay there again. The Breakfast on the Beach idea is genius!  
<Date>Oct 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>EmmaMills
<Content>Great resort, we didn't want to go home! We booked this hotel for our Honeymoon and after reading some of the reviews was a little worried but we did'nt need to be, it was great!We had a partial ocean view room on the 20th floor which had been remodernised, allthough I have no idea why they call it a partial view because we had an perfect view of the ocean!The breakfast idea is great, you just fill the bag up each morning and there is usually plenty of food left over to snack on throughout the day.The wolfgang puck below the hotel is great if you want a change from the many burger places around, and a visit to the stone cold creamery is a must! their peanut butter cup creation is the best thing i have ever tasted!All excursion coaches and the trolley stop right outside the hotel so getting around is made easy.I would definately recommend doing a Dolphin swim at the sea life park, the scuba diving is also great and a day trip to kualoa ranch is well worth the money.For any lost fans there is an excursion you can book at the expedia desk that spends the day taking you round locations they have filmed at, it was a great day and we got to see places we would have never found if we had'nt done the trip.Overall I have no faults with the trip whatsoever and if we get the chance to go to Hawaii again i would stay at the Resortquest again  
<Date>Sep 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>ft800
<Content>I would stay here again We stayed in Sept of '06 and it was a nice hotel. The rooms were clean, service was good, and overall experience was good. The Tiki Bar was a nice place to relax at night with the live music playing. The food was also good at the Tiki Bar. Another good thing is that this hotel is a pickup/dropoff for shuttles for malls, luaus, and just about anything else you can take a shuttle to. Waikiki beach is across the street and you can walk to shopping ( the international market place is a couple of blocks down the street) and entertainment.The only complaints I have are the elevators are very slow, you can't take the valet elevator to your room after 7:00 p.m., (you have to take an escalator up to the lobby area), and since valet parking is off property, it can take a while to get your car. Also the balconies are very small on the south side of the hotel.Overall, a very pleasent time at the hotel, and I would stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	3	2	

<Author>maestorm
<Content>picturesque view booked hotel thru costco and got a front ocean view room at a great price!! was able to listen to the band play at night and the free movie that played on the beach. the balcony wasn't private but the ocean view more than makes up for it.left our DO NOT DISTURB sign the whole week and housekeeping never bothered us!! free buffet was okay... most definitely would stay here again for the view!!!!booked various tours and they picked us up right in front of the hotel. went on the helicopter tour called MAKANI KAI. great tour and they tape your whole tour from the time you board the plane to the end. But it was kinda lame how they make you pay $30 for the video which is taped on VHS!!! No dvd option. also went on a snorkel adventure thru [--]awesome tour!! they dropped us off at the dolphin location and actually got to swim up close and personal with dolphins and turtles. it's away from waikiki but they offer transportation to and from your hotel. better than the hanauma bay snorkel adventure because you're at the other side of the island away from most of the tourists!! they also have a professional photographer on board that takes pictures during the trip and if you ask him, he'll even take ur photo while you're in the water. they also serve you lunch because you'll be HUNGRY after all that swimming. they also provide you with lots of water during the snorkel adventure cuz you WILL get THIRSTY!! on the drive back to the hotel, everyone in the van fell asleep cuz we were so exhausted but satisfied!!the hidden waterfall hiking tours are kinda lame. was expecting to see the HUGE waterfalls but only saw local small waterfalls. huge disappointment.but i highly recommend the DOLPHIN EXCURSION! lots of fun and great guides!!  
<Date>Sep 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	4	

<Author>moreno3699
<Content>Great Location, Nice Hotel! Comfy stay!! We just got back on August 28th! Beside the noise of construction, it was pretty nice! The pictures of the new renovations are something to look forward too. My husband was amazed with the 30 inch LG flatscreen tv in our room! NICE! He commented he just wanted to stay in the room and just watch sports!! The staff is very nice and the elevators are operated by hotel key only! Make sure you have your key in elevator!! The hotel lobby and halls are very hot! I don't think they have any kind of running ac in the elevator or halls! You can seriously break a sweat in the few minutes you are in it! The pool is nothing special- VERY small! Just go to the beach, its literally across the street! The TIKI BAR AND GRILL in the hotel is good for a drink ONLY! I DO NOT recommend to dine there!! Waiters take FOREVER!! After our first experience, the manager CAME TO US and gave us free vouchers for our next meal as they knew how long we were there! Went back the 2nd time, same result!! The Cheeseburger In Paradise is down about 1 or 2 blocks and it is VERY GOOD! In front of the hotel on the weekend, theres a huge screen put up and a newer movie plays for all beach go-ers! Get you seat early! Its free and the movie starts about 7pm. Very nice surprise! The staff in the store inside the hotel are very friendly! If you don't want to pay for ocean view, ask for view of Diamondhead! Gorgeous to wake-up to everyday! I actually prefer it than oceanview! We stayed in from 2514. Try the submarine ride- not as bad as you might think! You cannot even tell you are submerged 120+ feet underwater! ALL PICK-UPS FOR TOURS STOP RIGHT IN FRONT OF HOTEL and the international market is just about a 10 minute walk away. Nice souvenirs there and you can bargain down prices significantly! ALSO A MUST---- PARADISE COVE LUAU! Don't go to any other!! The price might seem better on others but Paradise Cove is a truly unique experience and highly recommended by other tourists! Overall, other than TIKIS BAR AND GRILL, very pleasant stay! I AM going back to this hotel in a couple months and would recommend it to anyone!  
<Date>Sep 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>eric3000
<Content>Great View! We loved our room and the view was amazing! The staff were very friendly, the location was good, and the free breakfast buffet was extensive (the quality was what you would expect from a free buffet but I was surprized by the quantity of choices).We got a good deal through Travelocity so we were very happy with the value (it may seem overpriced if you pay regular prices). We had a rennovated room on an upper floor (all the rooms are supposed to be rennovated by the end of summer '06) There appear to be at least four price levels: standard, partial ocean view, ocean view, and ocean front. We went with the partial ocean view and we expected to have to lean over the balcony to get a sliver of ocean; boy were we shocked by our amazing view of the ocean and all of waikiki beach! It was really beautiful and I just wanted to spend my entire vacation sitting on the balcony. I can't immagine how great the full ocean view rooms must be. The room was a nice size and we loved the decor, though it won't be to everyone's taste.The hotel itself is decorated in a very fun way and, as I said, the staff are great! But it kind of bills itself as an alternative to the expensive resorts in Waikiki. It is a good alternative for your budget but don't expect this to be a resort. It is a nice hotel with a small, crowded pool. It does have great beach access directly across the street and apparently it has a pretty popular bar, though we didn't go in.Highly recommended if you are looking for a reasonably priced, fun hotel with a nice room but are not expecting a resort. We would stay here again if we went to Waikiki.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>NotAGnome
<Content>Tiki Tacky This hotel may be okay for families with small children but it was not for me, my husband and 17 year old son. We stayed at 5 different hotels on our trip (on Ohau and Hawaii) and we all agreed that this was the worst. To be fair, we downgraded our room (at no cost savings) from a newly remodeled one on the 20th floor to an older one on the 6th floor because there is no smoking even on the balcony in the remodeled rooms. My husband doesn't smoke in the room but asking him to go down 20 floors for a smoke was a bit much (especially since the elevators are hard to get and often full when they do arrive).We stayed in a junior suite which meant 2 double beds and a couch which shared one older model tv. We had 2 balconies but they were very tiny and only accomodated one chair. We were right above the gaudily decorated small pool and bar - very noisy but some interesting people watching. We also had a fair view of the ocean.The staff was friendly but it took forever to get your car. It took them over an hour to deliver our baggage to the room. We gave up on the bell staff coming to get our bags when we were checking out and dragged them down ourselves.The decor in the older room was pretty bad but the remodeled floors looked pretty good. The beach across the street is great for kids but doesn't offer much for adults. It is seawalled in and quite crowded. The park and zoo are right next door which was nice.We had previously stayed at the Raddison Prince Kuhio and much preferred that hotel.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	2	2	2	

<Author>cabailey
<Content>What a fun place! We have just returned from a trip to Maui and Oahu, and quite frankly, despite all the criticism Honolulu seems to get, we had much more fun in Waikiki. The reason? The ResortQuest Waikiki Beach Hotel! What a fun place. Our room had just been remodeled in a retro Hawaiian style, had a FABULOUS view of the beach and a flat screen T.V. The proximity to the beach, the fun and friendly Tiki Grill and unobtrusive and yet attentive service was more than we expected for the money. I've stayed in more expensive and luxurious hotels, but this place is just perfect for tWaikiki, fun, friendly and easy to get around. My only criticism could be the small bathrooms, but then most of the rooms on Waikiki are older and smallish by modern standards. I'm still not unpacked if they would like to give me deal on a few more nights? Oh, and the beds are extremely convertable! Mahalo for the great vacation.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>psylocke
<Content>perfect! we stayed here during our honeymoon and loved it!We were in room 2003, on the 20th floor. It has been newly renovated and is great. We had a partial ocean view, and a new flat screen tv. The continental breakfast was unsurpassed, with a huge selection. The service was great also. The location is right across the street from Waikiki Beach, but at the end of the strip, so not as busy in this areas as at other hotels I have stayed at. Don't hesitate to stay here!  
<Date>Jul 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>AngelMP
<Content>Loved the Hotel , Old but being updated, very clean...       View from 518 another room we stayed in.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>blondieperez
<Content>Great Location, Great Staff, Great Vacation! Stayed here for 10 nights in July, had a wonderful time! You can walk to everything Waikiki has to offer, but rent a car to go to the north shore and you MUST go to Hanauma Bay to snorkel.This hotel has one of the best locations on the beach, and you really cannot beat the price. Breakfast on the Beach is a great idea, and there are lots of options--cereal, yogurt, muffins, omlettes. Don't let the negative reviews keep you from having a really great vacation. If you want to relax the whole time, go to Maui. Waikiki is an active kind of place---and perfect for our family of four. My kids loved the decor and the beach. We didn't even use the pool--the beach is right there! The staff was super friendly and always willing to help, give us directions, etc. Tiki's grill has great food, drinks, and live music every night. My hubby and I would sit on our oceanfront balcony with a bottle of wine while the kids slept and listen to the ocean and the music.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>AlabamaGirls
<Content>2nd Visit and It Was GREAT !!!!       View from our Room  
<Date>Jul 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>dontwantaname
<Content>Just fine We stayed at this hotel in July, 2006--and it was just fine. As others have noted, the location is great--couldn't ask for better in Waikiki. The rooms were a bit shabby (paint, carpet) but clean. We didn't have a lanai--just a 2-foot wide patio thing barely big enough to hang a swimsuit to dry. Partial ocean view means the view straight across is another building; you have to crane your neck to see the ocean. We had no problems with noise, either from the Tiki Lounge or from the ongoing renovations. Note that they no longer have access to coin laundry and the laundry service is laughably expensive ($2.95 for a pair of socks? C'mon.)The breakfast on the beach got a little monotonous after a week, but hey--it's better than paying Hawaii prices for breakfast every day. There are plenty of choices, even if they are mostly the same choices every day. The pool is small and has limited hours, but who needs a pool with a world-class beach 15 seconds away? Overall, I would recommend this hotel to families or anyone else not planning on spending much time in their room. It's not a romantic getaway spot, for sure, or a luxury hotel . But it's a reasonably priced, decent property if you want the Waikiki experience.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	2	3	2	

<Author>bethannsd
<Content>Wonderful Hotel!! I was hesitant to book at this hotel after readng some of the reviews. We booked a package through AAA and Pleasant Holidays, figuring if we were unhappy we would be able to deal with any problems through either of them. The hotel was wonderful. We have absolutely NO complaints at all. We had a wonderful semi-ocean view room, and our 2 kids (8 and 14) were in a room right next door. The rooms were brand new, very comfortable beds, nice furnishings, a flat screen tv and cable. We also had a slow but free wireless internet connection. There is a faster pay connection in each room as well as lots of inexpensive computers in the side lobby area for guests to use. The water pressure was great, the maid service was just fine, there was no noise issue at all. The AC was fine too. The free breakfast or 'breakfast on the beach' as the hotel calls it, was a total winner for us with the kids. There was fresh fruit, cereals, bagels, 4 different kinds of fresh fruit juice, numerous coffees, plus varying omelettes or quiches, or pancakes, etc each day, plus miso soup and muffins. There is live Hawaiian music and a native dancer each morning, which was so fun to listen to and watch. The 'kids eat free program' at participating restaurants was also great...but a rental car or good knowledge of the public transport system is needed to really utilize the discount fully. Cold Stone and Wolfgang Puck Express are right in the hotel...so convenient. There are always beach towels available and the beach is 50 feet away. There is a lagoon and it is perfect for kids. Larger waves are 100 feet away so there is something for everyone. The concierge staff, front desk staff, and especially Del, who works by the pool, are all so pleasant and friendly. Our stay was perfect and we would stay here again if we brought the kids. We did not eat in the hotel restauant Tiki's, but other quests said it was great. The remodel of some of the rooms that is going on was not an issue at all, there was no noise or dust. This is a perfect hotel for families. The hotel allowed us a late check out of 3 PM due to our late flight, and went out of their way to accomodate us. We would recommend this hotel to families highly. Thanks so much for a wonderful stay!  
<Date>Jul 22, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GmaJody
<Content>Perfect Location Location, Location, Location. You can鈥檛 ask for any better. The hotel is located at the end of Waikiki beach next to the zoo and the aquarium. In the other direction is all the shopping and dinning one could ask for. Never did have to actually hire a cab or rent a car! Everything was within walking distance. I believe that being on the end also made it a little quieter. If that wasn鈥檛 enough the beach was right outside and the view from the room was spectacular. Everyone on the staff was extremely friendly and very helpful. I even used the travel planner in the lobby to help schedule an island tour. They were wonderful as well. Most of the trolleys and tour buses had pick up and drop off right outside the hotel. This made trips to the mall or other parts of the island very convenient. The only thing I could say is that the beaded closet curtain was a major pain. I would have taken it down if I could have. Other than that my room was nice. It was clean and comfortable. I understand that they are redoing all the rooms this year and don鈥檛 know what the older rooms may be like. One other down side is the elevators are a little slow. You do have to have a room key to access the guest room floors. Since I was traveling alone this was a nice security feature. They do have in room internet access but it is an additional charge. As a business traveler this was a negative, as it got a little expensive.I did not eat lunch or dinner at the restaurant in the hotel but did take advantage of the breakfast on the beach offering. What a great idea. They would provide you with a cooler that you could then fill it from a buffet line and take it to the beach, the pool, or back to your room. The food changed each morning and was a nice selection. I can say without any doubt that I would stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>been elsewhere and hubby says to come back here We've enjoyed our stays at the Waikiki Beach Hotel and plan to come back. We've been there in wet and dry and also during a marathon. lol The Dec marathon was the only time we ever had any trouble sleeping. We knew it started early but when the cheers started a couple hours earlier than the race began (around 3 am) we found that the buses to take runners came to pick up people right outside the hotel. My husband is allergic to milk and cheese and yet we've enjoyed their freebie breakfasts and used the insulated bags to carry lunches to Hanauma Bay so that after a morning of snorkeling we had a cheap filling lunch. We don't rent cars so I can't say anything either way about the valet service. We like that the hotel is on the quiet end of the beach too. And I hope they are still doing the movies on the beach across the street when we come back. The Bus is too cheap not to use and it allows one to have a Mai Tai any time and for both of us to see the sights instead of worrying about big city traffic. We come to Oahu to have fun and hang loose and we're able to do that staying here. The only thing we had as a slight negative was that their hallways seemed so dark but then it could be the contrast from the bright sunlight. The staff was great. The food was great. We never had any trouble sleeping and enjoyed the view and the great sunsets from the Tiki Bar after long days of playing on the beaches. Mahalo!  
<Date>Jul 10, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location We loved staying at this hotel. We thought the location was great. Our oceanview roomhad a beautiful view of the beach. From the time we arrived until we left the staff wasfriendly and helpful. Our king size bed was not available the lst night but was availablethe remaining stay. The breakfast they offered with the bags was wonderful. This was appreciate because we had early morning departures for our tours. This was our first timeto Hawaii. We would stay at this hotel again and recommend others to stay here also. We thought we received a good value for our money at this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>HulaGurl
<Content>nice hotel All I can say is, I have stayed there 2 times (4 days and 11 days) and will plan another stay there. The two previous posters stated everything that needs to be said. Not the Ritz, but ResortQuest has Tiki's. ;)  
<Date>Jun 3, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Dogonthedock
<Content>Superb Service       Tikis Restaurant Balconey  
<Date>May 24, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>average i would never stay in this hotel again for the price we payed. rooms are very small, ugly furnishing, the only good thing about this hotel was breakfast by the pool, i,m glad we only booked 2 nights  
<Date>May 20, 2006
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>PioneerValley
<Content>Great Place To Stay We stayed here for a little over a week in May and I have to say, what a pleasant surprise.The decor of place has a cool, retro feel to it, though I am told they will begin a large remodeling project on the property this year. Not sure if it should really BE remodeled....First of all, the location is right across the street from the beach. The location on Kalakaua Blvd is easy walking distance to great shopping (The Royal Hawaiian, The International Marketplace, and various boutiques at the far end like Tiffany's, etc.). What really made this hotel for us, though, was the wonderfully friendly staff (Stephanie at the front desk was so kind and helpful). They go above and beyond.The breakfast on the deck was charming as well. You have the usual cereals, muffins, juices, etc., but you also have various omelets, pancakes, miso soup, and other items to nosh on. If you chose to eat at the poolside, you will be serenaded with Hawaiian music and the occasional dance by local artists. All of this as you overlook the ocean below.It's worth checking out this place for so many reasons. We will be back.  
<Date>May 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>rhyannonb
<Content>Awesome! I was a bit apprehensive about staying at the ResortQuest Waikiki Beach after reading some reviews ripping the hotel apart, but decided to give them a chance anyway. I'm writing this to counter any negative reviews.The hotel has an awesome location! You can walk to many places - the beach is across the street, restaurants and stores are everywhere and the Honolulu Zoo is literally next door. The rooms were great! Yeah, they may be decorated in a Hawaiian motif you might not use in your own house, but you're in HAWAII!!! Enjoy the colorful comforters and the wood-like curtain in front of your closet space - there's nothing wrong with them. Our room was very clean and didn't appear worn or old. We had a mini fridge, tv and little balcony. We got a partial ocean view, which was just that, we could see the beach if we got close to the sliding glass door or were on the balcony. We could even see the sun set from there! Our room was on the 6th floor (which is actually 2 floors up from the lobby) and faced the pool. I got real nervous then because I remembered one reviewer complained about the noise from the pool and about the music. Uh ... I heard neither! You can hear the musician serenading the breakfast crowd if you open up your sliding door but, aside from that there was no noise that bothered us at any time of the day or night.Some reviewers complained about the monotony of the breakfast. First of all, the breakfast is FREE!!! Secondly, everyday they have cold cereal, fruit juices, muffins and sushi - aside from that, there is variation: cheese omelette one day (it's not omelette shaped and no one makes it in front of you, but it's good), sausage and egg biscuit another, tater tots, etc. They even provide you with little lunch boxes in your room to take down to breakfast, load up on goodies and go wherever you want with your FREE breakfast. The only negative: the pool is small. But then again, you can walk across the street to the vast ocean. And the area of beach across from the hotel is partially walled off so that the water right up to the wall is no more than 6 feet.Mind you, this isn't the fanciest hotel, but for the price, we got an awesome deal at a wonderful hotel! There is nothing wrong with the hotel itself, the rooms, the staff or the free breakfast. Despite the fact the hotel appears to be in good condition, the doorman advised us they're currently renovating it and should be done by the end of the year. From what he told us, they'll be installing flat screen tvs in each room and getting new the furniture and beds. I'm sure it'll be even better then, but I'm also sure someone will find fault with the renovations too. Just remember, there's just no pleasing some people. Some people expect 5 star accomodations and staff when they only paid a fraction of what it would have cost them. We were definitely more than satisfied with our 8 night stay for the price we paid.  
<Date>May 13, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pleasant Surprise!       Another view from our lanai!  
<Date>May 3, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>VarshaLondon
<Content>great location average hotel The rooms were small but clean and tidy,we had a partial sea facing room which was okay however the bar was right under our balcony so if you are one of those people who need peace and quiet to drop off forget it.We loved the cooler bag idea for breakfast,and the staff were extremely helpful and cheerful. Good hotel without splashing out  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>andyned
<Content>What a let down! We have just returned from our stay at the Hotel. I better start with the good points* Great location across from the beach.Now the bad points and there are many:* Breakfast was terrible, putting your breakfast in their souvenir bag and sitting on a sun deck chair as there were no plates etc was awful and there was no variety, the breakfast repeated itself every couple of days. As the chairs and tables from the Tiki Bar are used to sit at for breakfast, on two occasions they were all packed up and I felt sorry for the elderly people staying at the hotel.* Pool was very small and with about 10-20 people in it at once, we never used the pool at all.* Tiki's Bar  Grill (the only bar for the Hotel) was closed two nights of our five night stay for private functions * The rooms are very small and the beds very uncomfortable, we paid for an upgrade(just to accomodate the four of us) had to pay $225 extra for the pleasure.I had done alot of research on the different hotels in Waikiki and I thought this one sounded okay, boy was I wrong. We visited Waikiki in Nov 2004 and stayed at the Radison Prince Kuhio and I wish we stayed there again this time.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Location, Remarkable View, Exceptional Service My partner and I stayed at this hotel back in February 2006 for 7nts and again for 1 night before returning to Australia. We were fotunate enough to be booked in an ocean vw room but to be on LVL23 was remarkable. Location is only 10-15min walk to main waikiki beach/Internation Market Place. And if swimming in open water is not your forte, there are 2 lagoon pools right across the hotel. Because the hotel has just been renovated the rooms are .. well BRIGHT! They have a very strong yellow or red room theme, at first you do say wow that's bright but your in Hawaii your not gonna be in the room 24HRS a day, so it wears off after a short while. There service was exceptional. Im a travel agent and I personally get irratted when bad service is shown, the staff was prompt, friendly and very helpful. Complimentary continental breakfast is included in the rate which is great because only a few hotels in honolulu offer breakfast. The great thing about breakfast is they give you cooler bags to take your breakfast to the beach or to simply just go up to your room. Over all I was very impressed by this hotel. I wasn't expecting much as I had read a couple bad review from here so my partner and I were bracing ourselves for the worst. Luckily enough we had a fantastic time! As a travel agent I have already recommended this property to my clients and so I do the same here.. Not only is this property great value for money but it carries a high level of service than you would expect from any other 3.5-4* hotel. The only flaw I have with this hotel is that they have COLDSTONE icecream downstairs!!  
<Date>Apr 26, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kimkingi
<Content>Definitely a keeper!       From our balcony  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Dreamer28
<Content>Mixed bag Pros: This hotel has a great location across from the lagoon, so it's ideal for children. Terrific body surfing  boogie boarding to the left of lagoon.The breakfast on the beach is basic, but super convenient, as you can help yourself to snacks to keep little ones fueled. Wolfgang Puck's downstairs, has tasty pizza, Caesar salads and brownies, and got alot of our business.Internet access is in the lobby, and easy to use.Cons: Our first room was dingy, dark, and dismal. I'm not super picky, but I was demoralized to the point of having to upgrade. For about $400 more, we moved to 1934, which was a corner room, and had a million dollar view of Waikiki Beach and Diamond Head. The view alone was worth the price. I have never seen anything like it. Still, inside the room, too kitschy for me with bright red bedding, and dark tiki wood decor. Valet parking $15 per night. Elevators slow, and general atmosphere very busy and bustling. If you can get a good rate, and a CORNER room with a view, you might be happy here.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place for a family trip Our family of four spent eight nights and nine fabulous days here for our first trip to Hawaii. Knowing that I had a budget to work with, I really researched this place. The location was ideal for two preteen children and their parents. There were plenty of activities and the beach was right across the street. We had a fairly nice view of the beach and the park. The staff was nice and the breakfast was great. Is it a five star hotel?, no, but I wasn't paying for that either. We stayed on the ninth floor and never had any elevator problems as others mentioned. There were nice shops close by and the Tiki resturant was great! We would eat a late lunch around 4:00 and the kids ate for free! The only part I didn't care for was the laundry facility. It was in the basement of the building next door and it was in need of updating. Other than that it was a great place to stay!  
<Date>Mar 21, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>PaulHold
<Content>Did someone say noisy? In this world, with the laws of physics being what they are, it is clear that certain things do not mix well. Two things that do not mix well are hotels and live music venues.The Resortquest Waikiki beach hotel is both and is therefore RIDICULOUSLY noisy. Not just noisy, we are talking about so noisy that if you are in anyway thinking of trying to sleep before 11pm on weekdays and midnite on thursdays, fridays and saturdays, forget it. Tis not possible; nope, not even with earplugs. If you care about noisy, don't even consider this place.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overall great but not for everybody I really, really want to give this hotel a better rating but due to a few issues I can't.First the good things. This hotel is in the best location in Waikiki, especially if you have small children. It is right across the street from the zoo and the park. The beach right in front has the walls which stop the waves creating a pool which is perfect for the kids. If you like waves there is plenty of them just on the other side of the concrete pier. In my opinion this is the best of both worlds. While still a very busy place we found it to be less busy than central Waikiki and still in walking distance of plenty of restaurants and shopping.The hotel itself is very nice (for waikiki) and the staff was VERY friendly. Our ocean view room was small (this seems typical for waikiki hotels) but big enough that we did not go crazy. We actually used our lanai to store things like beach toys and other outdoor items giving us a little more space in the room. The hotel offers a computer center with computers complete with webcams and internet access. There is also free wi-fi available if you bring your own computer. This was not an advretised feature and I was very surprised to see such nice ammenity.Now for the issues.This hotel has a nice pool and deck that we would loved to have used. Like many people, we were away form the hotel during the daytime hours spending time at the beach or enjoying the many sights that Oahu has to offer. On several occasions we would liked to have spent time (especially the kids) during the evening at the pool. This, however, was impossible due to the fact that the pool closes at 7:00 p.m. every evening. Very poor timing. If I wanted spend my DAYS hanging around the pool I would have just booked a hotel where I live and saved the time and money going to Hawaii. If your room is on the west side of the hotel, do not plan on going to bed early. Tikis bar and grill, located right below your room, is very active and goes past 11:00 p.m. They have live entertainment nightly and a large crowd that likes to yell a lot (mstly drunk people). To make matters worse, the seals on the sliding glass doors are poor and you get all the noise whether you like it our not.Overall,a great hotel with the best location but, unless you like to party a lot and don't mind a noisy hotel, I would use caution.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>towerdiva
<Content>Not very impressed I stayed 2/19 - 2/23 in 1504 with an ocean view (I could see some of the ocean but my sister's view from 2327 was beautiful) the room was decent enough but the ice maker was right outside the door - very loud and annoying. When the a/c was on it smelled like someone was smoking a cigarette on the other side of the vent. I tried to keep the lanai door open at night for fresh air but the music and loud drunk people from Tiki's kept me awake. If you like to go to bed before 10:00 - do not stay at this hotel! The restaurants were very good and the breakfast was fine, enough of a selection for anyone. The pool was on the small size but we didn't spend much time there since it was always in the shade. My sister was very happy with her room so I guess it just depends on the room you end up with. I, however, will not be staying there again.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice, but!!!!!! Hotel was nice and the rooms clean. Everytime we left something in the car at the parkade it was gone when we came back. When we parked on the street it was not a problem. It was valet parking and the staff had the keys when car was parked in parkade. I can only wonder. So don't leave stuff in your car.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>ftbtmgrl
<Content>Resortquest has a prime location After booking this hotel. We saw these reviews and were kind of nervous. But once we got there we were wondering what they were complaining about --we got a really clean room..2 doubles..9th floor..no bugs..a decent maid for the week...it was decorate like a smaller scale hotel nothing fancy but it was pleasant enough--yes the rooms are very small..and you cannot sit on your balcony--or at least not ours--we had a partial ocean view/diamond head view but you will get plenty of diamond head by the end of your vacation. For our lsat day..they switched us to an inside room facing the pool for an extra chrge of $75 because of our late checkout but we expected that charge. Th room had 2 singles and a beautiful view of the west side of the hotel/ocean. You could sit on this lanai. Everything here costs extra so so don't expect anything but what you see. Tiki's is pricey but awesome--jeff and mike the day bartenders are awesome--holla -- Lulu's around the corner is very,very good and the coldstone creamery is awesome but very pricey--a small is --like it $5.19 plus tax we did get bored with the included breakfast but we ate it anyway--it was included and the kids didn't mind -i don't eat breakfast anyway. It was truly not the hotel that was dissappointing but the island itself. Our hotel was ideally located across the street from the amazingly small/skinny beach..it may have been 10' wide but it is on the edge of a huge hustle and bustle city.It is still beautiful but rain dampened our spirits almost every day. I found the majority of the activities to be so disappointing and way over priced. The biggest disappointment was our day on the ko'olina cat catamaran. Although the captain and crew were awesome..we should definitely gotten a refund--we expected to see whales, dolphins sea turtles and some great snorkeling for $99 per person we had a coupon so we got 2 @$99 ans 2 @ $69total with tax was like $338+ They took us to electric island(sound safe to you ) to snorkel ther was nothing to see there but sand and some premature foggy coral--no fish, no turtles, no dolphins at all and then came the rain !!!OH MY GOD..it was aweful.We were just going in for the day when out of nowhere a spout of water was spotted far far away--so the captain took us to try to see the whale which no one actually identified to my knowledge...so needless to say our garaunteed money back plan was squashed and we were wet , sad and now we were late for our bus !!As you can expect,the story only goes downhill from there...needless to say that particular lunch cost us a fortune !! no money was offered to us either !!!! The next day our luau was cancelled due to terential rains on the west side of the island. We did manage to see Pearl Harbor earlier that day that was nice and it was almost free--We rescheduled the luau for thurs evening and it was worth all $349 it cost !!We loved Paradise Cove and cousin Linden is awesome !!! The food is great the entertainment is out of this world, the sunset was amazing --it was truly the highlight of our trip !! and Holly--our bartender was great too ! My son and my husband parasailed with extreme parasailers--they were great ! atlantis submarine was very dissapointing and once again $90.04 per person (i swear everything is almost $100 per person) We rented a convertible and toured the island !! THAT was awesome although it was hard to find things as nothing is clearly marked,but giovanni's shrimp guy does have the best shrimp(scampi style ) and the scenery is hard to explain with words--breathtakingly beautiful !!! Thank GOD as it was close to our last dayTHANKS OAHU FOR THE $7000 EDUCATION/VACATION. THANKS BUT NO THANKS TO OAHU --SORRY WE'LL STICK TO THE CARIBBEAN--IT'S CLOSER TO HOME  
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>2	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Choose a high numbered room We had a cruise booked from Honolulu so stayed at the Hotel before and after the cruise. Booked the same category room for both stays Ocean View with Balcony First stay great room on the 7th floor directly overlooking the Swimming Pool / Tikki Bar. Room number 15 I believe Noisy of a night but not disturbingly so2nd Stay we were given room number 1 again on the 7th floor Poor room, no views but hotel full so couldn't change I would recommend this hotel we enjoyed our stay in Hawaii but make sure you get Ocean Front or Ocean View with a high number. Completely avoid the annex, we didn't stay there but people who did said the rooms were poor, dirty and noisy  
<Date>Feb 22, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Service Service and remodeling were great. It was fun. Two small problems were the popcorn ceilings and the size of the room. The room was tiny and much smaller than we had expected.Overall ResortQuest Waikiki Beach Hotel added like a small treat to this great trip.My family and I recommend this hotel. We won't be staying there on our next trip because we like trying to find the 'perfect hotel.'  
<Date>Feb 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>bodyforlife
<Content>Duped on Trip Advisor! Ok, all I can say is...you've got to be joking!! If this hotel is rated #2, I must be missing something (or possibly the drugs that people are taking that rated this place that high). This hotel is an absolute joke and shouldn't rate higher than a Motel 6. Within 2 hours of my arrival, I was downstairs using the internet trying to see how much extra it would cost me to check into the Marriot or Sheraton down the block (both at least had curb appeal). I'm not quite sure why location should go into the rating of a hotel but I can only assume for anyone that wrote a reveiw for this place, that was their only criteria on how they graded it, because that is the only thing that it has in it's favor. For starters, the pool is so small that if you kicked off of one end, you could easily reach the other side. The entire complex is antiquated and the rooms are a joke. Our room wasn't any bigger than our bedroom at home and the bathroom barely has enough space to put a travel bag. There is very little drawer space and the closet area has these beads hanging down (straight out of the 70's). There was a 27 inch tv in the room and a refrigerator. If you rent a car, you will pay $9 for self parking (about 200 yards from the Hotel) or $15 for valet (these are daily charges). There is no gym but they will sell you a pass for 24 Hour Fitness for $10. If you choose to go there and did rent a car, I suggest you take the drive downtown and use the facility near the Aloha Tower (this is the only nice 24 Hour Fitness in town). The 24 Hour Fitness down the street from the hotel can only be described as Ghetto for someone like myself that belongs to an incredibly nice gym back home.I've gotten some great recommendations in the past from members of Trip Advisors (especially in Vegas), but the reviews listed for this hotel are completely inaccurate. I understand it's great to be in Hawaii, but don't confuse that with an awful hotel (which this one is). This was my third trip to Oahu/Waikiki and I am convinced that the only quality hotels on this island are the Turtle Bay Resort (quite a distance from Waikiki) or the Halekulani. I have also been to the Hilton Hawaiian Village and the Hawaii Prince (both superior to Resortquest but still overated).  
<Date>Feb 8, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>beware of valets denting your car and noncaring management The service here is terrible. The valet's dented my car and the management said they had no responsibility. Any company with this poor customer service should not exist. Other than this maltreatment, the hotel is dingy looking and very dirty.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>cliolady
<Content>Great Hotel fab view After reading some of the reports about this hotel Ithought I鈥檇 made a big mistake booking this hotel. Westayed in this hotel in September. Well, the peoplewho wrote some of the negative reports, I don鈥檛 knowwhere they stayed as it took us about 10 minutes atthe most to book in and the receptionist was veryhelpful. We got a room in the tower on the 16th floorwith a sea view. It was a room with two double beds,we don鈥檛 mind as we only sleep in a double bed athome. It was clean, nothing hanging off the walls assome people had mentioned. We did have one problemduring our stay but we rang maintenance and within 陆hour it was sorted. Breakfast wasn鈥檛 as bad as somepeople mentioned. We found it OK for us. It saved ushaving to find somewhere to eat for breakfast andsaved us money. We would stay at this hotel again asit is in a nice spot, just across the road to thebeach. The hotel provided their guests with beachtowels and beach chairs to take to the beach each dayif they wanted them, They even gave guests cool bagsto take their breakfast out and eat on the beach whichsome people did.We went to the Sea Life Park Luau which was new, andwhich we enjoyed as we had a chance to look around thepark and see some of the sea life that they have. Wewere given a drink as we went in. We wereentertained with a Dolphin show, along with some sealions and penguins. We were taught an Hawaiian dance which was good for alaugh. We, then went to a part of the park called themeadow, where we had our meal which was good, as I ama fussy eater and I found plenty to eat. We were givenanother free drink while we watched the PolynesianExtravaganza, a show full of Hawaiian song and dance.This was a very good presentation and I wouldrecommend the Sea Life Park Luau. It was the firstyear of doing it and very well presented.We went to Pearl Harbour and on a City Tour in theDuck. we got to Pearl harbour at 9am and got ourtickets for 10.45 , It wasn鈥檛 too bad as it gave ustime to have a good look around the museum. Then wewent across to the memorial and it felt eerie and veryquiet, even though there were lots of people about,but it was worth seeing. We enjoyed the Pearl Harbourtrip, but we were disappointed with the Duck tripafterwards. Wouldn鈥檛 recommend the Duck tour.We also did the Atlantis Submarine trip, which wefound interesting and we saw plenty of fish andturtles. And we even saw a shark. I would recommendthis trip.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Old decor - very disappointed Stayed here for 5 nights. Booked through travel agency so could not cancel when realised hotel was not a modern hotel. Paid for a very good view. This was the only positive aspect of hotel.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel was a Disappointment The location of this hotel is all it has going for it.Our room was small, had tacky decor and could have used some updating. The seal on the sliding glass door was not tight and the wind whistled through it nonstop. It made me think I was at home, in Central New York, in the middle of a blizzard. We were on the 17th floor, on an end, in a portion of the hotel that has an outdoor corridor (yes, 17 floors up!!) I'm sure this contributed to the whistling problem. In fact, it was so windy and cold up there we could not enjoy our lanai with partial ocean view of Waikiki Beach at all the 4 night we were there.The staff were not especially friendly or helpful with the exception of 1 person at the front desk who gave us a bus map and advice on where to catch the bus to various places, and where the best place to buy gifts, souvenirs, etc. was.The breakfast buffet that came with the price of the room was not that good, and I am usually of the mind that it is hard to ruin breakfast.It's not the worst place I've stayed in, but I think I'd try another hotel next time or definitely ask for a room in a different part of the hotel.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GenxGem
<Content>Good location, simple accommidations First of all, I want to clarify about which hotel we stayed at. There are three hotels within 4 blocks of each other with similar names. There is the ResortQuest Waikiki Beachside, ResortQuest Waikiki Beach Tower, and ResortQuest Waikiki Beach. The first two are connected to each other, this review is for the third hotel RESORTQUEST WAIKIKI BEACH. I noticed some of the bad reviews are for the tower, which is actually a different property.The ResortQuest Waikiki Beach (formerly Aston Waikiki Beach) is a former budget hotel that's been updated with a bunch of cheezy Hawaii themed things. The rooms are nothing to speak of (there was some chipped paint and wallpaper scratched off) but it is CLEAN and the location is unbelievable. LOCATION: You are right at one end of Waikiki Beach and you can easily walk to all the shops, other hotels and tons of restaurants. The hotel is right in front of a protected part of the beach where they have put a barrier in the ocean so there are no waves (great for sm kids, I'm sure). We wanted to surf and only had to walk down a little to the part of the beach where the surfing was. The hotel is also on a corner where there is a main bus line, if you want to take public transportation.FOOD/DRINK: 1. The hotel has its' own restaurant called the Tiki Lounge. It is really great. The chef is formerly of the Palomino and it is good Hawaiian food for a good price. We're pretty big foodies and ate at Tiki's three times because our food was always so good. Go for the Mahi Mahi. Yummers. The Chocolate dessert was one of the best desserts I have ever had. It was shaped like Diamond Head. Also, if you pick up an Oahu coupon book in the lobby of the hotel, there is a coupon for a free cheesecake at Tiki's with entree purchase. 2. Breakfast on the Beach is the breakfast that is served to all guests of this hotel at no extra charge. A real plus and easy way to get everyone full before you start your day. The food is hottest when breakfast starts at 6:30am. Get there early! It's cereal, some egg dish, and something sweet along with juice, coffee, and Japanese food (fish  miso soup). Simple, but good for free. 3. There is also a Wolfgang Puck Express in this hotel. Wonderful for lunch or a quick, cheap supper. Very consistant in it's goodness. Has all the Puck staples: sandwiches, soups, salads, and pizza. 4. Starbucks is around the corner in the same building. Gotta' have the Starbucks! Cold Stone Ice Cream is also next door to Wolfgang if you need more calories.ROOM: Again, it was very clean and the maid service is amazing. The rooms themselves are pretty small, but you're not there to hang in the room. There is a lanai in each room, but only one chair, so don't plan to have a romantic dinner on your balcony. There is a safe in the room, but you have to pay $3/ day to use it. FYI.CUSTOMER SERVICE: Poor! Keith who works the front desk is horrible. When we checked in, he told us he had some availabilities for upgrades and then paused. When we thought he was going to upgrade us he said I would do it for you for $40. I said A day?! and he said yes. No way. Lame to not just upgrade us to a better room for no charge. Then, we wanted to take the bus to the Diamond Head crater and Keith gave us the wrong bus # (which wasn't operating during the holidays)and we waited for an hour with 10 other people who had followed Keith's instrtuction before splitting cabs. Finally, when we wanted to rent a car for the day, Keith told us to use the hotel's service. When we went to inquire about one, the lady told us there weren't any available and that we would need to book a tour in order to see what we wanted. We said no, walked down to the Hyatt, and rented one there. Do not use the services at this hotel, you will get a better deal at the Hyatt or book something on your own before you leave if you want to snorkel or see Pearl Harbor or something. And don't ask any questions of Keith. He won't help you.All in all, this was a good hotel for people who want to get out and do things. Don't come here on your honeymoon. It's not romantic. Do come here with families. Do come here with teenagers. Do come here as couples looking for a good price on a good location.Mahalo! Good luck with your travels.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2006
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great time in Waikiki       View from our room  
<Date>Jan 11, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mzwong
<Content>Tried to bait and switch ... Trip was booked thru Expedia for a romantic Hawaii vaca over the Thanksgiving weekend. Requested and paid for a nonsmoking room, partial ocean view, king bed. Upon check in, we were advised our room was not available, and reservations are not guaranteed until paid for... apparently Expedia bookings are not considered a done deal even though we paid for our trip in July05.Resort offered to upgrade us to an ocean front room for an additional $60 - $90 per night. No Thanks. They put us in a substandard room with dirty walls  double beds. After several room changes, we were advised that our original room was in fact available but being held for another party who had not yet arrived. The reserved non-smoking, king bed, partial ocean view room was in the back of the hotel next to the alley. We promptly cancelled our reservation and checked into the Marriott next door.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>chefesita
<Content>Excellent Value for Waikiki             view from roon 1502  
<Date>Jan 2, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LobsterBrew
<Content>Good deal This hotel is a great deal for the money. This was our third trip to the islands this year. We stayed at the Fairmont Hotel on the Big island, and the Sheraton Kaanapali. We paid well over $500.00 per night to stay at these hotels. For this trip, We decided to take our two children, and booked two rooms at the Resortquest. The room rates are pretty inexpensive, and I was worried that the place might turn out to be a dump. I was wrong. This place has a great location, the rooms are not very large, but they are clean, and the maid service was great. The one thing that stood out was the service. The staff is professional, polite, and had a great attitude. We always felt welcome. I would not go here for a honeymoon, or for a romantic getaway, but if you want to have some fun, and enjoy Waikiki, you can't go wrong here. Of our three trips to Hawaii, this one was the most enjoyable, and it did not cost me $10,000.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome Deal and View! While we were there the hotel changed names from the Aston to Resortquest! The rooms were not huge, but it was an AWESOME view. We were on the highest floor (24) I think. We booked a deal with the free breakfast and it was GREAT!! This is the best value hotel on the Waikik Beach. There are nicer ones, but the price is WAY TOO MUCH for the others! You are right in the middle of all the fun spots of waikiki beach, but the room is nice and quiet. We just had the most awesome honeymoon experience there. We are planning to go back as soon as we can, and we will definately stay at the Resortquest Waikiki Beach hotel. Can't wait to visit again. Email me if you have any questions. jaydog104@hotmail.com  
<Date>Nov 30, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>40something2
<Content>Nice Hotel for the Price The hotel was nice. My family and I felt comfortable staying in this hotel. Stayed 11/18-11/24. The check in was fast with no lines, no hassles or problems. Received the OceanFront room on the 10th Floor, corner with a nice sized balcony. Corner rooms are a little bigger due to a small hallway from the door. I find that booking my trips through Pleasant Holidays assures me the best rooms and my requests are accomodated. I liked the openess of the ground floor where you drop off your car. The valet and store are located on this level as well as Wolfgang Express and Stonecold creamery. I wouldn't recommend the ice cream at Stonecold....I about fell on the floor after buying 3 bowls of ice cream for $21.58!!!!! That is outrageous and it wasn't all that good. Tasted like regular ice cream to me. (Okay got that off my chest). The ground floor level was decorated very nicely with comfortable seating areas if you want to relax or wait for your car from the valet. There was an escalator or elevator that took you to the lobby level. Also on that level was the the pool and Tiki's Bar and Grill. The food at Tiki's was excellent and so was the service. I booked this hotel because the price was right for an OceanFront room. Other hotels seemed very over priced for an Ocean Front room. The other positive is the breakfast every morning. It did get kind of old but it saved us a lot of money by not having to purchase breakfast daily. As others have stated they had a variety of food items and all tasted fine. The only complaint I have about this hotel was the person who cleaned our room. We never had our room cleaned until about 4pm in the afternoon. This didn't work for us as trying to get ready to go out in the evening we liked to be able to relax in our rooms in the afternoon My brother also had a room on the 10th floor however, he had a partial ocean view. The room was okay but the Ocean Front rooms are much nicer and the view of the water and Waikiki strip was amazing. Try Cheeseburger in Paradise (about 4 blocks from hotel) for a great cheeseburger. I do not recommend Lulu's which is next to the hotel. It looks great on the outside/inside but the food was horrible. Rent a car and tour the island, that was the best part of our trip as the only day it didn't rain while there.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>AVATE4U
<Content>Had a BLAST! It was great!!! Just got home from a quick trip to Waikiki Beach! Booked this hotel for $135.00/night for 5 nights and then upgraded to an OFV(Ocean front view) for $40.00 more, a night! ( Thanks Stephainie!!) Sooooo worth it! Room was very clean, with no mold or damp smell. The housekeeping staff was so friendly and gave us extra towels, and kept our room very clean! A/C worked GREAT! Black out curtains were a plus. In room safe was a nice feature. The lani was big enough for two maybe three people max, but only has one chair on it. We were on the 20th floor (2029) and had a cornor room, GREAT views of the ENTIRE ocean, Diamond Head, ALL of Waikiki beach, and thanks to the bino's we brought along, all the way to the airport, too! The room was HUGE! We had two double beds with the WILD RED theme on the pictures, but it was not over powering, as I thought it was going to be. Plenty of room for a family of 4! OFV are rooms 29-34 ( eg: 2029, 2030, 2031, etc...), make sure to get one! Breakfast in the morning (0630-0930) it is WONDERFUL. They had hot items, ( omlettes, french toast, etc...) cereal, milk ( take a few for the kids for later...put them in your room fridge), coffee, tea, assorted juices, soda's, fresh fruit and muffins, someting for everyone!!! It really saves you time and money! went to the ABC, right nextdoor, for some quick snacks, rafts, beach toys, snorkle masks, shirts, candy, waters, sodas and adult beverages...Starbucks was right nextdoor, and Wolfgang Pucks Express is downstairs...good food and large portions! Try LuLu's as well, right next to Starbucks, kinda like an outdoor Hooters, but with good food! Tiki's is good too, but expensive. Went to Zoo, and aquarium, just down the street. Took the number #42 bus to Pearl Harbor, the battleship, and submarine, stopped right down the street at 0642am( Go to INFO Tourist center across the street from LuLu's, they have good information)...only $2.00 one way, pp over age 5 years. OR go to ABC market to get a 4day pass for $20.00...DO NOT Rent a car! You do not need it! Lot's to see and do in Waikiki...go with a total tourist mind, and you will have FUN! Don't be an ugly tourist!!! If you are nice to the locals...it will get you far!!! Have fun and ALOHA!!!  
<Date>Nov 13, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>spikes17
<Content>Eh so-so Ok I'm an obsessive Tiki-retro geek! So i was thinking THIS IS THE HOTEL FOR ME! Eh' I was kind of let down! Granted the pictures they show are of all the best parts of the hotel, which is by all means top notch tiki kitch! What I didnt like is that upon check in the partial ocean with a king bed I paid for was un-available- isnt that what a reservation does ( hold a room ) aparently not! So they huffed and puffed and put us in this dingy room on the 16th floor with a balcony so small you couldnt sit down! And it faced another hotel not the ocean! So I had to go ask to be changed ( they try to upgrade you for a nominal cost of course) After explaining that I got engaged the night before ( slight bluff it was a week before) they acted like they were doing me a huge favor and upgraded me to the orginal room I had requested and paid for! A room with a parial ocean view and a little balcony to sit on! The rooms were much more run down then they apear in the brochure! The ceilings were stained and the bathrooms on the 21st floor and 16th (the only ones I saw) were both in bad need of upgradees! It was a fair deal if you can get it for under 125 a night we paid about 160 and felt slightly ripped off because the rooms were so cramped. Its a motel six room at a 3-4 star price! But TIKIs was great and the overall atmospher is fun. I'd probilby pass up the island as a whole again- not just this hotel. But we did enjoy our few nights here, falling alseep to the sound of sirenes and trucks not the ocean and birds. Kauai is way nicer!  
<Date>Nov 11, 2005
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>nalani65
<Content>Be careful of the back tower!! I had made reservations at a nearby hotel and was told that they got full so they booked me an upgrade at the Waikiki Beach up the road. WRONG!!!Granted, this was the mistake of my original hotel, but the Aston was not helpful about the situation. They finally got us a room after speaking with the manager (BTW-who knew about the problem w/ their sister hotel and was supposed to have taken cared of these over flow customers). Any way, the room was in their Mauka Tower which in other owrds means Mountain tower. You think Mountain view, nice! NO NOT AT ALL!! If you do book there, don;t let them book you in the Mauka tower, it was stink, dirty, small and no mountain view!!! More like buildings view!!! Just FYI, other than that, I'm sure the rest of the hotel is great, never stayed there that night, left and got a room elsewhere, YES it was THAT BAD!!  
<Date>Nov 1, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>sarasponda
<Content>Loved the Resort Quest Waikiki We spent two weeks at this resort hotel and found everything more than we expected. Our room, jr. suite, was clean and comfortable..however the bamboo curtains on the closet got a little irritating. The guest laundry facilities were bad, but we met a lot of nice people while we were waiting for the 2 working machines( out of 8) Other than that all was good. The hotel is across from the beach and close to all things Waikiki. We had reserved a car, but turned it in after two days. we walked and took the bus everywhere. The retaurant at the hotel had really good food, especially the fish and chips..check out the offer of free lilikoi cheescake..delicious!!! We would go back!!!  
<Date>Nov 1, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Impressive My family and I booked this hotel with a flight and rental car and our package was a good deal. When we got to the hotel from the airport rental car area (which took about 20 minutes with slow moving traffic), the valet parking people were the first to greet us aloha. The valet boys were the nicest people at the hotel which is why they tended to get the most of our tip money. We travel outside of California almost every year so we weren't new to waiting for valet to take care of a few things before checking-in to the hotel. Check-in for this hotel is 3:00pm and we actually arrived a few hours early at 12:30pm. That was not a problem though as the room was already clean and ready to occupy.When going up to the room (we stayed on the 23rd floor), we noticed that the first elevator we tried was having a hard time reading our room key. The elevator was difficult to operate at times but I wasn't going to have that spoil my vacation. The free Breakfast on the Beach was good food. We took our breakfast to the beach twice, to our room once, and outside of tiki bar twice. The atmosphere is great because there was a hula dancer and live music at breakfast, lunch, and dinner. At night, this hotel is very noticeable because of the torches and the music coming from the 2nd story Tiki's Grill and Bar.The hotel was great. We had a great view of Waikiki Beach AND Diamond Head from the 23rd floor, the room was always clean and the food was good. For the fair price we paid, I think it was definately a good deal. HERE'S A TIP FOR THOSE STAYING HERE IN THE FUTURE: If you keep a positive attitude with the hotel staff you might get some free surprises AND faster valet service. We sure did!  
<Date>Oct 26, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>rachelcchen
<Content>NICE! This hotel has a great location. At first i was very disturbed by the negative reviews on this site. But i was thinking, what the heck, it doesn't hurt to try, how bad can it be if i have a partial ocean view room. When we checked in our room, I was very glad that it wasn't as bad as I expected. The only bad thing i shall say about the room was....bathroom. I wish it can be just A LITTLE BIT bigger. I hardly have any space to place my things on the sink counter. Other than that, everything was perfect about this room. The breakfast was a good idea, but the selection wasn't that great. I mean, after two days of same kinds of food, you eventually get tired of it. BUT you always have the options to eat else where, right? Tiki bar food was just alrite...i wouldn't give too much credit for it, but it's a GREAT place to chill at night, get some drink if you don't want to walk far or find other place to dine at.Elevator was a little slow, but we are in Hawaii and what's hurry? One more minute at the elevator won't kill you! Plus most of the time people don't even know how to operate it, so, why blame it to the elevator if you can't even operate in the first place? Overall, it's a very good deal to stay with this hote. If you are looking for hotel with the reasonable price and not so bad rooms and service, this is the hotel you are looking for. DO I WANNA COME BACK TO THIS HOTEL? YES, i would. Because with the room i get, price i pay, and the location and services i get, where else can you go? You can pay 300 a night to stay at higher end hotels with just the street view, but with this hotel, you get to book a ocean front view and great service with great room with just the same price you pay!!! and I MISS HAWAII ALREADY!!  
<Date>Oct 25, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pleasantly Surprised I've been reading internet review sites and their precursors on usenet and BBS' for many years. Even though I should have known better, I got nervous when I read some of the extremely negative reviews for the Aston Waikiki Beach on this site. Fortunately I was pleasantly surprised by the hotel, and I hope that this will put some others' minds at ease.First, some perspective on the type of traveler I am. I stay in hotels only 2 or 3 times a year. I have no problems staying in a Motel 6 class of lodging, especially for an overnighter, but I enjoy staying in a better place if the price isn't too outrageous. I don't tend to take advantage of the amenities of a hotel beyond room perks, restaurant/bar and pool (i.e. no spa, or concierge level service for me). I'm usually travelling to enjoy something in the area, and not to spend a great deal of time in a room. I do however appreciate cleanliness, service, and a good view, and will complain if I don't feel things are up-to-snuff.Our trip to Waikiki was short - 3 nights and 4 days. We got a great rate from a travel site for the stay + airfare and it was the reason we picked this hotel over others. We did not rent a car while in town.The Aston Waikiki Beach is obviously an older building, but has been perked up by a recent renovation. The theme is best described as a kitchy take on 60's Hawaiian decor, with lots of bamboo, tikis and bright Hawaiian colors and patterns. The ground floor contains lots of shops (Wolfgang Puck's Express, the general store, Coldstone Creamery, a surfwear and accessories rental place, and perhaps a couple others) and a lounge area where you can wait for tour busses and cabs. The second floor has reception, a small pool, some computer workstations and several travel desks (including Pleasant Holidays and Expedia), as well as an area that serves the free breakfast in the morning, and dispenses towels/chairs as well as some snacks during the rest of the day. Also on the second floor is Tikis, a restaurant and bar which has very good food and friendly service.The stories people tell about the elevators do have a kernel of truth in them. We found that holding in the button for your floor, then putting your card in worked well, but as long as you press your floor while the green light is blinking you should be fine.The hallways are as people mentioned a little dim, but they spruce them up with some palm-tree projection lights at the end of the hall.Our ocean-front and ocean view rooms are pretty much exactly as pictured on the website. It is wonderful to wake up to a beautiful view of the ocean through your window, and go to bed to the moonlit water as well. The rooms aren't overly large, but not overly small either. If you want to see a small hotel room, stay on Santa Catalina Island off of Los Angeles! The bathrooms were definitely remodelled, with new tub, sink, fixtures and mirror. They did pick an odd shade of beige paint for the walls, which may make it appear a bit dingier than it really is. Nice perks in the room include a mini-fridge (empty), complimentary copies of Newsweek, and some creams and lotions beyond the usual basic soaps. Important note so you don't need to call down like we did - the hairdryer is not in the bathroom but on the top shelf of the closet. The lainai is a bit small but you can fit another chair beside the chair and ottomon already there.Breakfast is a nice affair. They have one hot breakfast-sandwich style item, cereals, fruit, muffins or cinammon rolls, some Japanese items (we saw miso soup and sushi rice cakes) and various drinks including kona coffee, milk, juice and soda. You can load it up and take it to the beach with towels and beach chairs with cupholders or eat it on the deck while a Hawaiian singer performs, usually accompanied by a dancer as well.Tikis, the in-hotel restaurant, is a great place to eat with nice wait staff and bartenders. Definitely try some of their seafood dishes for lunch or dinner.The hotel is located at the end of Waikiki beach, literally right next to a park which includes a zoo and aquarium, both worth the short time you'll need to tour through them. Directly across the street is a beach protected by a seawall. The hotel is by the deeper end, if you move toward the other end it becomes shallower until even toddlers could stand right by the seawall. The water is crystal clear and you can see schools of small fish swimming around if you take the time. A sundown swim is truly enjoyable. Beside the protected beach is another which has waves to enjoy, and stands which rent boogie boards and snorkling equipment as well.To sum up, I think this is a nice place to stay for the average traveller who is not obsessive-compulsive about every detail of their hotel. The nice perks like the free breakfast, free entertainment, free room safe and refrigerator and other small plusses in the rooms, plus good service from the staff in the hotel and restaurants, and finally its great location, should make a pleasant stay for you as long as you're paying a reasonable price.However I have to agree that the Muaka tower, which is obviously a seperate hotel, looked very run down and seedy, and I would not choose to stay there.One last tip, be sure to refer to it as the Aston Waikiki Beach around town, as almost nobody knows it by its new name.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not impressed Not overly impressed. Small rooms. We were in 3 rooms in the first 24 hours before they got it right. They knew it was our honeymoon, yet they couldn't put us in a room with one bed. Staff was unhelpful and unwilling to help.Tiki bar, on-site, convenient, good.Be careful if you take a shuttle from the airport, this hotel is one of the last on the Wikiki Stretch so you'll be the last drop off. Took us almost 2 hours to get to the hotel. Argghh.The all-you-can-grab breakfast was good.We've never stayed elsewhere in Honolulu, so we have no basis of comparison.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hawaiian Honeymoon       Another view from lanai.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Value - Prime Location       Diamond Head from our balcony  
<Date>Oct 5, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>CoasterQueens03
<Content>Loved our Waikiki Beach Hotel When we purchased the package to stay at this hotel  began reading some of the negative reviews, we had some serious reservations about staying there. We decided that with the price being where we wanted it and an excellent location (close walking distance to shopping, restaurants  the salt water lagoon right across the street) with views, that we would take the chance. We cannot express enough how happy we were that we stuck with our original decision. The rooms were festively decorated, clean  comfortable. With the Ocean View  above rooms you have a Fabulous view of the Ocean  waikiki beach. Yes the elevators were a bit slow @ times, but c'mon with 25 floors this is bound to happen. Just realize you are in Hawaii  Hang Loose! Another thing that I have to mention is that the rooms had popcorn ceilings. You'd think that with a 30 million dollar renovation they would have taken care of this, but dont let this keep you from the hotel. Just realize that you arent paying for the Hilton, but you really are getting the most bang for your buck.This hotel offers all day fun  a welcoming environment starting your day with free breakfast on the beach  ending the day with Hawaiian live music floating in the air from Tiki's Bar  grill. This Bar really makes the hotel. You can really get your buzz on with the friendly staff (Thomas  Brandy were fun  knew us by name) and resonably priced drinks at this bar, if that is what you are into... If not  you are looking for family oriented relief, they offer free towels chairs  umbrellas that you can take to the beach. Though we spent most of our time at the beach, we loved the location  feel of the pool. Nicely tiled  never to busy, hard to beleive with the hundreds of people that float through daily. When you are looking to explore the Island there is an activities desk where you can plan all kinds of fun in the sun. Overall we loved our stay @ this hotel. When visiting this island on a budget in the future, this will be our 1st pick. Aloha!  
<Date>Oct 5, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WoodlawnPolice
<Content>This Was Our Second Time This is the second time we stayed here. We were here last September and decided to go back. The breakfast is decent and eating it on the restaurant deck overlooking the beach is a plus. There is live music and a dancer during breakfast. The rooms are not the best but they do have a small cube refrigerator and a room safe can be rented for $2.60 a day. The safe is big enough for a laptop. The housekeeping was slow. It was 1PM and my room wasn't made up yet. As I did last year I gave the housecleaner a few dollars and my room was cleaned before 10AM. The staff is friendly and the atmosphere nice. My one word of caution. We took a lobster/ steak dinner cruise and it was the worst. It was $100 P/P and the food was served cold, overcooked and it took forever to get drinks. We booked it at the Expedia tour desk at the hotel. The Tiki restaurant is OK. The Wolfgang Puck express is in the hotel and has decent food. The beach is right across the street and the hotel lends you chairs and beach towels. We used the soft sided cooler from breakfast to keep our drinks in while on the beach.We will be back. The price, service and location are right.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>karoline9
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location, and Cheerful Staff! I could just wring the necks of those who griped about this hotel - I worried for weeks unnecessarily! Granted, I realize that there are some people who had a bad experience, but for those of you who expected caviar dreams at sardine prices - I thumb my nose at you!!! :)I booked our trip through the Aston chain (now called ResortQuest) directly, which saved almost $400 over what we would have paid at Pleasant Holidays, a leading Hawaii vacation travel agcy. Upon arrival, the staff was very friendly, and we received a free upgrade since we were on our honeymoon (a technicality: we never took a honeymoon 8 years ago, and have never been on a trip alone without our daughter and my daughter from a previous marriage). The room was 2312, one of the upper floors, and overlooked Diamond Head and the ocean. Why, yes, there was a view of a rooftop in front of me before the ocean, but after all, did I expect to be on a remote, barely inhabited island? At any rate, I thought the view was gorgeous and didn't mind the slim balcony - there's ample room for both of you to go out and snuggle as you take in the view!The room was very clean - more spacious than what I had envisioned from reading some of the reviews on here - there was counter space, as there was a counter extended over the toilet (not that I cared). Oh my! A wallpaper seam was visible and coming unglued and it just RUINED our entire vacation!!!! (just kidding!)There was no problem with the elevators; never took more than 1-3 minutes - what do you expect in a 25 story hotel?Breakfast was great - the only way you'd get tired of it is if you ate ALL of it every day, and how could you do that? Milk, juice, soda, bagel/omelette sandwich, yogurt, cake, muffins, fresh cut fruit, miso soup, rice, green beans? (A Japanese thing, I'm sure), almond/rice pudding, several different kinds of yogurt...how can you COMPLAIN about FREE sustenance??? No, it wasn't dining at the Ritz-Carleton, but neither was I paying for it either!!!Go to Pearl Harbor the first day, as you will be up at the crack of dawn - we took the bus for $2, but I would recommend one of the services that have been recommended on here for $8 round-trip -- it took us over an hour on the city bus. We then took the trolley out front (pink line) to the Ala Moana Mall for $2.Dinner at Tiki's was good and not terribly expensive -and so convenient!Day 2: Hiked Diamond Head and did the Polynesian Cultural Center - wish we had gone at 10 a.m. on the bus rather than 12...get Cousin Ken as a tour guide if you can - he's awesome!Day 3  4 - rented a car, snorkeled at Hanauma bay (poor visibility), drove around Honolulu - day 4, drove around the island...Day 5: Walked around Waikiki Beach prior to departure.You MUST go to Duke's and have a drink...or two...Souvenirs are good at Walmart - I bought 10k turtle earrings for $65 made in Hawaii - most souvenirs you'll find are made in China or Philippines.Oahu Revealed is a MUST BUY! Gives you GREAT information.Snorkeling at Shark's Cove was incredible - you MUST rent a car for a couple of days and drive around the island; I recommend doing it after the PCC so you will have a better sense of the lay of the land - and we even saw a sea turtle on Turtle Beach! We stopped at a roadside fruit stand and got an ice-cold coconut to drink - can't beat it!Our trip was the best ever - and I tend to be disappointed after building trips up in my head prior to arrival - but the hotel or Hawaii did not let me down.I would compare the quality of the hotel to a Fairfield Inn or Hampton Inn. If you want luxury, please pay for it and don't gripe - my husband didn't want to stay at a luxury hotel b/c he finds them stuffy. By the way, I have a barely used Entertainment book for Hawaii for sale for $10, a $35 retail value - email me for more details! The day before we left, a woman with a tour group was griping about her room - that she had a view of a ROOF - and I asked her if she paid for an oceanview room, to which she sputtered...No....bottom line, if you want a great view, you have to pay for the oceanfront or oceanview room. We had booked a partial ocean view and were upgraded to ocean view. But don't expect a totally unobstructed view - book oceanfront. God bless and mahalo!  
<Date>Sep 29, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location - Fun Place to Stay Okay, my wife and I stayed at the Aston Waikiki Baech Hotel on our honeymoon for 10 days and it was a pretty good stay. The atomsphere was good and Tiki's was a fund place to be at night. We stayed the week all the USC Alumni were in for the game against Hawaii and they pretty much over ran the hotel. It didn't bother us but to maybe people looking for a more relaxed quite environment this wouldn't be the place for you to stay. It is probably one of the more cheaper hotels on the beach but it is worth just being in Hawaii. The beds were comfortable and the rooms were clean. The breakfast was pretty good that came with the stay for the additional money and also free towels and beach chairs was a plus. Overall I would say this was average in some areas and above average in other areas. I would recommend this hotel to anyone as long as you don't mind a busy atomsphere.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Average Hotel for best value of money We recently came from a week long vacation at this hotel. I read lots of reviews before booking it and I made sure that the room we are getting is in the Main Tower not the Mauka tower( which is at the back). We used costco to book our vacataion which included airport transfers/ lei greeting/daily breakfast/ 7nights for $1400. We booked ocean front room and the view from our lanai (balcony) was to die for. We spent hours sitting in the balcony while enjoying waikiki beach/sunset/different shows at the beach.However, I wasn't that impressed with our room/ hotel itself. We heard that they did 30 million renovation recently, but I wonder where they spent this much amount. The hallways were dark, carpet was dirty, bathroom had old tiles, old furniture etc etc. One other good thing was daily breakfast that comes with partial ocean/ocean view/ ocean front rooms. We didn't have to worry about this in the morning, it saved bucks as well as time. All in all, this hotel gives u best value for your money if u don't wanna spend big bucks at hotel like Sheraton.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2005
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>norlaine
<Content>Paradise without the 4 star thrills I had a wonderful time staying at Resortquest (prev.ASTON) Waikiki Beach Hotel. It's right across from the beach and the zoo. Local boggie boarders hang out at this beach. The bar downstairs had mellow local music everynight. The food at TIKI's was surprisingly good which made it conveniant after a day in the sun. ohh, and on this side of waikiki beach they had free movies on the beach (weekends) Breakfast on the Beach gets tiresome after awhile (it's more cafeteria style hot food) but, even on a rainy day having something to eat from 6:30-9:30 a.m. works for me.I'd stay here again especially if the price is right. All trolleys stop here and bus stop is close by. MY only complaint is that they messed up on our reservation the first night. But for the rest of our stay we were upgraded to an oceanview room. You definetly want to book oceanview or oceanfront room.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>BOB (Breakfast on the Beach) After a 28 hour trip to get there from the UK the check in staff were pleasant to us but we could tell they were a little stressed out. Our arrival was 9o'clock in the evening. We had booked an 'ocean view' room but it was only a 'ocean view' if you looked over your shoulder. The noise from the band was more than we could take so we asked for another room. We paid additional suppliments and picked a room on the front (1834). The upgrade was worth it. We enjoyed 'Sunset on the Beach' from our balcony.The room service staff were very friendly with beaming smiles. The BOB (Breakfast on the Beach) bags were a great idea. It made us smile anyway.We tried the breakfast on the beach for the first day,but were pestered by the birds and flies. We had breakfast in our room from then on but we were lucky with the view. The standard of the hotel was as expected from these concrete towers. We were disturbed serveral times by the sliding glass doors. People were opening and closing them at all hours and the noise they made vibrated thoughout the room. The lifts were slow but so what, chill out what's the rush.I would like to say that none of the staff gave me any reason to complain, in fact the front desk clerk saw us walking about and asked how was our vacation. This was not Hotel or managment training it was 'nice to see you'.Because of the journey time we stayed for three weeks. I would recomend this hotel for others. We have stayed in Lewars Street previous but is now a building site. This hotel is far superior as for location and quality. Its not the Hilton but I didn't pay Hilton prices.PSA waitress in the Tiki bar was the only staff in the building that didn't seem to be on this planet. I do not consider her to be part of the hotel team.I would stay at this hotel again with upgrade.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2005
<Rating>4	3	-1	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No complaints here... The hotel was great. We booked a partial ocean view room and it was awesome. You can see both Diamon Head and the Ocean. You get a great variety of breakfast in the morning for FREE. The staff at the hotel was great. They answered all the questions I needed when I had an issue which was not too many. I would stay there again. I will probably stay there next time I visit since I didn't get a chance to do everything I wanted at Hawaii. The only thing I complained about on the whole trip was the flight from NJ to Hawaii...about 12hrs.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>anna3372
<Content>Great Honeymoon here We stayed from 8/28 through 9/7  loved this hotel. Tiki's was great and although you may wait a bit for valet you can avoid that by calling down ahead. It does get loud (live music nightly), and we found it attracted a lot of attention from the folks passing by on the beach but that was great with us. This hotel offers great location, good prices, clean rooms, and a friendly atmosphere with a bit of party vibe. They also give you complimentary breakfast with coolers- beach chairs, and beach towels at no extra cost. Just try  find that elsewhere on Waikiki! If you are looking for absolute quiet, a spa, and the finer things in life stay at the Royal Hawaiian.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Give me a break! To complain about the Waikiki Beach Hotel staff someone must be really looking for minutia! What an OUTSTANDING team! From the moment we pulled up and were greeted by Clifford we were treated like we were very special! When our daughter seriously cut her foot on the jetty, Frank was doing all he could to comfort and offer assistance! Glenn offered fabulous advice about driving the island. And housekeeping...every request handled promptly and graciously.Now was it the most elegant resort?...for this price one does not expect luxury. BUT it was clean, comfortable and efficient. The view was top notch...from our room (1421) the ocean glistened and the city lights sparkled. We could see people mingling at the pool and the band playing at the lounge. The only slight down side...we could hear the band all night too! But hey...this is Hawaii and life is good and music is part of the life! Sooo enjoy the ambiance and Mahalo to all those who work so hard at the Waikiki Beach Hotel!  
<Date>Sep 8, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Average Hotel but Great Location Basically, this hotel is pretty average, but I'd have to say the location is great. The things that we were not too happy about were: the crazy elevators (very slow or sometimes not recognizing your floor), the valet service was extremely slow (a wait of at least 15-20 min), the room smelled like smoke, the breakfast was really mediocre, and the pool was a bit small. Other than that, the staff was very nice and friendly, the location was great, Tiki's Bar had good appetizers and nitely entertainment. I felt the price we paid was pretty much what we got. I don't think I'd stay there again, though.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>AliInWonderland
<Content>We loved it!       Room 1831, view to the left  
<Date>Aug 31, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>onthego333
<Content>"Day room" before flight last day of vacation Do you have a full day in Oahu before your flight takes off? We returned from our cruise (Pride of Aloha) and disembarked at 9:00 am. Our flight home was not leaving until 11:00 that night. We called many hotels about a day room--a room to rent just during the day. No such animal. We called the Aston and they were very accomodating. They rented us their cheapest room for $109+tax. The Aston is right across from Waikiki Beach and in the middle of everything. You can beach it, snorkel, shop, go to their bar--The Tiki Lounge. If you go to the lounge try a Lava Flow-you'll be hooked. Location is great and it's a nice relaxing way to spend your last day in Hawaii. Thanks Aston!Aston phone is 808-922-2511 and site is www.astonwaikiki.com  
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>roaming_review
<Content>No thanks!! If you had intentions of visiting the seventies again, this is the place for you! The staff were inconsistent - restaurant/bar staff were courteous and friendly however the staff at the front desk were rude and not helpful in any way and had attitudes that did not match the ambiance! I checked in after a 10 hour flight from Sydney, to be put in a room up the back end of the building that was so old and run down you could have mistaken it for a room in a NY ghetto! Not only was it old, dirty and completely lacking in any any view, but it smelled like somebody had been sitting in the room for the past 33 years, chain smoking (and I am a smoker!). I opened up the dorr, took one look around, trying to hold back my tears, walked back downstairs and promptly asked for another room. They found another room for me in the main tower, which was a bit better, but not by much.The thing that brought me completely undone about this place was the little portable Esky for collecting your breakfast and not having anywhere to sit and eat. The option was to go across to the beach or take it back up to the room. It was absolutely bucketing down with rain - torrential - yet it is all out in the open with a few umbrellas to try and cover the food. The selection was horrific, as a person that doesn't eat bacon and eggs, pancakes and french toast for breakfast - no fresh fruit or anything remotely healthy! Ever try carrying a cup of coffee, juggling an umbrella, whilst carry a bowl of cereal. In the end, after being absolutely saturated from the rain, I downed tools went back upstairs, changed clothes and went and had breakfast at a place that actually allowed for seating and did not have to stand out in the rain to get my breakfast. Would I ever stay there again, not if you paid me... or if it was free. The photo's of the hotel on the website are deceiving. I was travelling on my own and my travel agent said that it was a pretty good area to stay in... however it was quite clear she has never stayed there!! Next time, I will be staying somewhere else!!  
<Date>Aug 20, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was ok, but nothing great My wife and I recently stayed in the Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel for 4 nights. We would consider this hotel as ok or average at best. The only real problem we had was that we requested a king bed well in advance and got stuck with two double beds. We were told that it was only a request and was not guaranteed. Some people have complained about the elevators on other reviews, but I actually thought they were pretty efficient. We never had to wait very long at all for an elevator, either up or down. We watched many people get frustrated and complain about the elevators but this was brought on by the fact that they could not figure out the simple process required to make them work. Just insert your room key for a couple seconds, pull it out slowly, and press the floor number. We both thought the building and rooms were clean, but the rooms are what I consider to be 1-star. When we booked the room, the hotel was rated as 4-star which is hardly the case. I don't know if the hotel can be held accountable for this or not because this was a travel site rating. Anyhow, don't expect anything better than a high-rise Motel 6. The A/C vents looked old, the P-trap in the bathroom was exposed, and other little things were just cheap looking. The size of the room was small, but we didn鈥檛 care because most of the time we were outside. The hotel was clean but it wasn't high-quality.The breakfast was hardly more than an expanded continental breakfast and the hot items did not sound good at all by the end of the week. In fact, we walked to McDonalds on our final morning. We had a partial ocean-view room and the view was alright, but the balcony was very small. For example, a chair could not fit on it. The best part about this hotel is that it is located in a great location. With just a little bit of walking, you can get to shops, restaurants, the beach, the zoo, and the International Marketplace. For most of the attractions, such as the dinner cruises, submarines, and luaus, a shuttle picks up right outside the hotel. The valet parking was pretty good and seemed to be pretty fast; just don鈥檛 forget anything in your car or you鈥檒l have to wait for them to pull your car around just to get the item out. The internet kiosks are very reasonable and have fast connections.In conclusion, I would probably not stay at this place again unless I got a dirt cheap rate. We both wished that we had chosen another property like the Hilton Hawaiian village or the Hyatt Regency instead. This hotel did not meet our expectations but it certainly did not ruin our trip. This hotel is in a great location and is clean and comfortable, but I would rate it at 1.5 stars because it seems cheap.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Everything I Had Hoped We just returned from staying a week in the main hotel tower at the Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel, and all of us (me, my husband, and two teenage daughters) thoroughly enjoyed our stay. Trying to find an affordable hotel on the beach and having read some of the negative reviews, I admit to being a bit nervous about the hotel prior to our arrival. However, immediately upon driving into the open garage/lounge pick up/drop off area on the ground level (which is where the surf boards you may have seen pictured are displayed), it was apparent we had nothing to fear. Every staff person we encountered during our stay was friendly, helpful, and eager to serve. The premises were neat, clean, and well maintained. I went expecting the rooms to be small, so I wasn't disappointed. It was actually less cramped than I had expected, and I found the room accommodated the four of us just fine. Our problem was sharing one bathroom with two teenage girls, but I can't blame that on the hotel! We had a beautiful view of Diamond Head and the beach. In fact, I could often look out onto the beach and see our daughters. The elevators were fine; they are not slow. Any perceived slowness is due to the fact that they're constantly in use by the hotel guests, and even then we never waited long. The location of this hotel is terrific! The beach is right across the street and, though still quite busy and hopping with people, you're a couple of blocks away from where it starts getting really congested with people out dining and shopping. Some shopping and dining on the premises, with better and many more choices nearby. All four of us loved the breakfast--there was something for everyone, and we never had to buy lunch. All in all, we had a great experience and stay at this hotel and will definitely return in the future. It's not the Sheraton, but then....we didn't pay to stay at the Sheraton!  
<Date>Aug 12, 2005
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dngrockstar
<Content>Fun Hawaiian Style Hotel This hotel is situated at the end of the busy Kalakaua Avenue, which is home to plenty of hotels and is also the street that faces Waikiki beach. The hotel was not difficult to find and with its colorful exterior, it would be hard to miss. At night tiki torches are lit outside and around the hotel, and the sound of a live band from the restaurant located near the outdoor pool on the the second level, gives the hotel a very lively feel.The valet attendants were the first people we were greeted by when arriving at the hotel, and were very courteous to assisting us with our luggage and also directing us to the lobby for check-in.Our rooms were very vibrant in color and had a hawaiian style decor. The room we stayed in had sufficient space and had a nice view of the beach and of Diamond Head crater. The hotel is quite a walk to any shopping areas, although close to a park for recreational activities.The bathroom was nice although quite small and dark. I enjoyed my stay here and would return again.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect! I was skeptical of reserving this hotel considering all the negativity I read. You can鈥檛 always believe what you read. When we originally booked our trip, I was trying to find a hotel that was reasonable priced on Waikiki beach. Pictures and reviews are not always accurate. When we arrived at the hotel, I was relieved. It was perfect! The hotel is directly across from Waikiki beach and view to Diamond Head is spectacular. We spent a lot of time at Tiki Bar and Grill. The food was fine and the entertainment was wonderful. Our room was a partial ocean room and it came with free complementary breakfast. You do not get breakfast if you book a standard room, it must be a partial ocean view or above. We did not know this until we checked in. We stayed at the hotel for 8 days and I didn鈥檛 have any problems. We hardly spent any time in our rooms. We didn鈥檛 encounter any problems with the noise, smell or the staff. The elevators were slow a few times, but who cares! One or two minutes is not going to kill you! The rooms and bathrooms are small, but for the price we paid, we didn鈥檛 complain. I wished we could have stayed longer. The hotel is family friendly and I would stay here again!  
<Date>Jul 20, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrible, Traumatising Experience First of all, I want to say that I am taking time to write this review validating the awfulness of this place and serving as a warning to all! We only stayed at this horrid place due to the face that our extensive vacation lasted through 4th of July weekend and our previous hotel (Hilton Hawaiian Village--it was fabulous!) was booked for the last two nights. We went online and booked a room in the Mauka Tower--which is not advertised to be an entirely separate building but it is--it should not even be a part of the property. We felt mis-led and disgusted when we entered the prison-like gates to this hell-hole. Upon entering the room, my brother and I (who I was vacationing with) were scared to put our luggage down (which we had to carry ourselves). I refused to touch the disgusting bed due to it's obvious dirtiness. The filth was palpable in the air and we both wanted to get the hell out of there as soon as possible. Unfortunately, it being a holiday weekend, all of Waikiki was entirely booked. I swear upon entering the facility I felt as though I had been timewarped into 1972. It was almost surreal. The hallway was frightening, we got stuck in the SLOW elevator, and the smell of mildew made us want to vomit. We immediately went to the front desk and explained how we were led to believe the hotel was something it was not by the website. Instead of being helpful, I was actually informed by an employee that they can't really advertise this, but that Mauka tower was basically a place to sleep and nothing more. Frustrated, I asked for the manager only to be inappropriately accosted and shouted out by him. He even got so angry and defensive about my legitimate complaints that he took both of his hands and inches away from my face, clapped them together loudly and shouted STOP IT! That sounds like a scene out of a movie, but trust me, it actually did happen. The manager acted like a psychotic idiot and I couldn't deal with him. My brother and I had to have my mother call the hotel and complain, as she could not believe the situation either. (She was vacationing in Hawaii with us as well but had gone home, we were staying for two extra nights). Ultimately, the manager found one room in the normal tower and said we were lucky and it was the last room available (after we were already told a number of times that there was NOTHING). He almost taunted us with the room, however, because he knew he had some power over us with it because we were in a horrible bind due to the lack of other hotel options for our last two nights on Oahu. It was a sick mind game he was playing. To make a long story short, after changing rooms to the NORMAL tower, we were still disappointed and would NEVER inflict this horrible place upon anybody. The entire experience was traumatising and I felt that I was inhabiting the same facility (I refuse to call it a hotel) as trashy, disgusting people who acted like animals and were basically living like them too by being satisfied with this hotel. I would have rather slept on the beach and showered at the beach showers. DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY. The Hilton was great, but I still am loyal to Maui--It's the best!  
<Date>Jul 7, 2005
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>hula
<Content>Heaven at Waikiki This was such a fun hotel. The people were absolutely great and so gracious. The Tiki Bar was the best!! The entertainment was morning, noon and night and was wonderful all the time. I just can't say enough good things about staying here, including the walk across the beach to Waikiki, the location is worth every penny!! The rooms were good, no drawer space. Always clean, great to have a refrigerator. And as if that wasn't enough, breakfast is included and it was wonderful. Envision this: sitting by the pool drinking passion fruit juice looking across the street at Waikiki Beach while listening to live entertainment playing beautiful Hawaiian music and a lovely hula dancer too. It just doesn't get any better than this!! We decided this will be a yearly family reunion for us. Thanks Aston!!  
<Date>Jun 23, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BLomeli
<Content>LOVED this hotel - maybe because of my fabulous room!       View of hotel from pier  
<Date>Jun 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>BlackBelt4dan
<Content>Just "OK" First, the hotel's location is great. The employees are nice and polite and the breakfast is also quite nice. However, it would appear that the hotel caters to kids...high school kids. One of the housekeepers said that they try to keep the kids on the first 8 floors. We were there during the Pan Pacific celebration and there were several hundred band members from all over the US in the hotel. For the most part they were loud; rude; obnoxious; ill-mannered; miss-behaved and out of control. They would crowd in to the elevators before the folks in the elevator could get out. They would run up and down the halls shouting and screaming. They would cut in line. Another housekeeper was sparyed with something (maybe hair spray) and was blinded for a period of time. These kids broke matresses and trashed rooms. Unless you are into this, maybe you should find another hotel. We won,t stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>fxdacat
<Content>OK Stay at Aston Beach Hotel Had a nice 3 night stay at Aston Beach Hotel (main tower). Overall I'd say it was a barely above average hotel experience. If you get a room with an ocean view, I'm sure you'll have a more enjoyable/romantic stay.Postitives:- Location was good. But then again most of the beach side hotels down the Waikiki strip are good.- Value was relatively good ($120/night was one of the cheaper big hotels in Waikiki)- Tiki's Grill and Bar (located within the hotel) was always rockin' at night.- Staff was courteous. Our housecleaning lady was very nice and always greeted us in the hallways.- Lots of stores/restaurants on site.Negatives:- The ground floor and lobby floors were nicely decorated (very hip and fun). But when you go up to your room, you can tell that the hotel was recently remodeled, though kind of poorly. Hallways were dim, paint on the walls obviously looked uneven, furniture looked old/reused from the previous hotel.- Valet parking was a bit expensive ($13.50 per day not including tip).- If you read some of the reviews about Aston Beach, you probably saw some of the terrible experiences of people who stayed in the Mauka tower. When you check in, make sure you request the main tower!! We had to do some laundry and there was a laundry room in the Mauka tower. It was a bit scary and ghetto in that tower!- Elevator - you had to swipe your room keycard to operate the elevator. You had to swipe it at the right moment. We had a few instances where missed the window and the elevator ended up going to the top floor instead of our floor.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel!!! We had a wonderful time at this hotel! The staff were all very friendly and warm. The room was extremely comfortable and was cleaned early every day. We had absolutely no problem with the elevators--never had to wait for more than 10 seconds to go up or down. The breakfast was fabulous, much more than i had expected, and the free use of beach chairs and towels was great too. This hotel was in a perfect location with a beautiful view of the ocean, especially the sunset that we could see from our 22nd floor balcony. We had a room right above the pool that actually DID have a great view of the ocean. The soft hawiian music that filtered up to our room from the live entertainment at the bar was so lovely--it gave us a tropical feeling even when we were in our room. I would highly recommend this hotel to friends and family, and will stay there again when we return to Oahu.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>annmf
<Content>Great Place to Stay We had booked a room at another hotel to find it filthy and ended up switching to the Aston Waikiki. We had such a great time. The staff was extreamly friendly, they had a beautiful pool area, Tiki's (the bar/resturant) was wonderful. They had great food and you were able to watch the most beautiful sunset while you ate. Included with our room was breakfast. It included cereal, omlets, fresh fruit, ect. and had more than enough other options. We loved the fact that there was live music every morning and evening and by local very talented singers/bands. Our room was kept very clean the maid even picked up after me...We couldn't have been happier. I would suggest this hotel to anyone wanting to have a fun and memoriable time in Oahu.  
<Date>May 29, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great time!       View from my balcony  
<Date>May 28, 2005
<Rating>4	4	2	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay elsewhere Our stay was terrible - nasty, rude, slow-paced employees; substandard poorly cleaned room; expensive car-valet; strays/not guests in the building; offered another room but for major money output - smacks of bait and switch sales procedures; stay elsewhere, better hotels elsewhere. Also, we have now read the reviews posted on this site - should have read them before we booked and stayed at this hotel - complaints from other guests were true to our stay, also.  
<Date>May 13, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved our stay WE stayed there over the Christmas holidays and found everything to our liking. The room, the service, and the location was excellent. We loved the Breakfast, and being able to check out beach equipment and towels.We definitely will stay there again if the opportunity arises!!!My husband and I as well as our son and family, and daughter and family were there. There was something for everyone. Shreveport, La.  
<Date>May 10, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the location After reading a few reviews about this hotel I was a bit skeptical about staying there. We had booked an ocean view room but upgraded to an ocean front room when we got there. The view was magnificent. We had a corner room so we had plenty of space to put our luggage. We had two children staying with us aged 16 and 11 and they loved it. The breakfast every day was good, especially the muffins. Only complaint was we were on the 10th floor and could hear the band playing most nights. Staff were excellent and friendly. The beach was just across the road so didn't use the pool much. Would highly recommend this hotel and looking forward to our next trip.  
<Date>May 3, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>pleasantly surprised! I had read many reviews about this hotel, after I had booked it. I was hesitant on keeping my reservations, but decided that after we saw it, if we didn't like it, we would change hotels. I was pleasantly surprised! It was a nice hotel. We stayed in a partial ocean view room in the main tower. We could see diamond head and the ocean from our room. The room was nice and perfect for what we needed it for. It had a small refrigerator that came in very handy. The maids came and cleaned every day. THe breakfast that they served was better then expected. It was nice not to worry about finding a restrauant in the mornings. We stayed at this hotel for 9 nights. My children loved the fact they had cold cereal. THey also served bagels, muffins, yogurt, japenese specialities, juice, coffee, etc. I loved it! THe hotel staff was always friendly and ready to help in anyway. We especially liked Keith at the front desk. In fact, everyone we met was very friendly. I had also read reviews about how unsafe Waikiki is. We never once felt in any danger. There are so many tourists on the streets. (But we didn't stay out past 10pm) Also, an awesome restrauant was Tiki's, which is connected to the hotel. It was fabulous! The employees were awesome, and the live music made you enjoy the Hawaiian experience. I loved the location of the hotel. It was right across the street from beach. We could go any time we wanted to. Also, this time of year is great to go, the beach wasn't extremely busy. We did rent a car for the entire time. I was glad that we had, and the valet parking was nice. We didn't have to worry about finding a place to park. If you are looking for a nice, affordable hotel on the beach, then I'd recommend this one. We intend to stay at the Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel again. No regrets here. Oahu is beautiful and our 10 days there were incredible.  
<Date>May 1, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>stay away This hotel is listed as 3 star and should not merit two! The rooms are small with with a nite stand serving as a dresser for a five nite stay, plus no working air conditioning. We complained over and over and they insisted it worked. I finally called United Vacations and requested they move us to another hotel, when the notified the Ashton of our complaint they moved us to a Junior Suite with barely workable AC. Their breakfasts at the beach were repetitive. Not recommmended for anyone staying over two nights.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrible room Booked this hotel for one night at the recommendation of an airline ticket call center. What a mistake! First, the hotel is not on the ocean side of the road. Second, we were put in the back tower which is a separate building with iron security bars on the door. The elevator and halls were filthy and in desparate need of decoration.The hotel advertises Breakfast on the Beach but it isn't included with the back tower rooms and then I found out it truely only means they give you a bag to carry food down to the beach.Glad we were only there one night as we couldn't wait to leave.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good times, Great location It is true that the location is Excellent. It's also a great deal for a nice room to sleep and rest in and the location puts you at easy access to lots of adventurous things. The location could not be better. You really do stumble across the street to the glorious beach. We wouldn't even wear shoes. I am half of a 25 year old couple who was having a fun, few days in Oahu before going to Maui to get married. Oh, here is an important note- The time difference from Eastern Standard Time had me waking up way before dawn every day. Each morning we woke up and did something adventurous. We stayed on the 24th floor in a standard room that I bought off a package from Expedia. We could see Diamond head and the ocean and the sunrise off our tiny little balcony every day. A great surfing school is located at the bottom part of the hotel building- Hans Hedeman. We got a bus stop right there too that took us up to Diamondhead. We did not rent a car in Oahu but I did have a friend who lives there who took us on a drive up to the North Shore to see the serious surfers and to check out other important things up there. Still- a car would not have been necessary. We walked all the way downtown to apply for our marriage license. The hotel's restaurant was really good too. Lots of different tour buses and luau busses would come to our hotel to pick you up too. It was great. I highly recommend staying here. Highly. I wish I could go back right now. You can email me for my website of photos chronicling the entire trip.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved The Location!       Cocktails at Tikis Grill  Bar (at the Aston)  
<Date>Mar 20, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Positive Overall Experience Based on some of the stories we read about some 3 star hotels in Honolulu not being what they were cracked up to be we were a bit apprehensive about the Aston Waikiki Beach. As it turned out the property was just fine. The location is in fact excellent (right across from the beach area) and the room was quite acceptable. Relatively clean. Amazing quiet given the fact that our room was right next to the elevator. And get this . We never waited more than 3-5 minutes for an elevator in either direction at any time day or night. Go figure.... We could see Diamond Head from our 21st floor lanai and could catch a slice of the beach if you looked hard right. But guess what...you shouldn't have to rely on your room to get a view of the ocean. Get your buns out and see the world up close and personal! It's much more fun. The real bonus is the free breakfast. Decent grub, live music, serve yourself, and take as much as you want. We were there for three days and never had lunch since we filled up at breakfast and took along a load of snacks snacks for the road. My wife is Japanese American and was pleasantly surprised with the vast array of Japanese style breakfast fare available. Miso soup, rice, somen noodles, etc. Plus as great array of standard breakfast grub. Be sure to try the mini muffins. They'll go over pretty well on the power drive up to the North Shore or out to the Polynesian Cultural Center. Our two year old loved the individual servings of Cheerios and Fruit Loops that he could haul around.The staff was outstanding from the valets, to the front desk, to housekeeping. They treated us like we were the only guests there in spite of the crowds.Don't get me wrong this is not the Ritz (we stayed there on Maui after leaving the Aston), but for the dough this venue packs a really great value.Clean, safe, relatively quite where it needs to be quiet and hoppin' where should be. Close to the action and a known quantity via the Aston namesake. We would go back in a heartbeat. We stayed March 7-10, 2005 and paid $138/night via (---).  
<Date>Mar 15, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Flea Infested Nightmare! We had inadvertantly reserved a room in the Mauka Tower, which we found to be a substandard, flea infested facility near the main hotel. We were sold by the description of the main hotel which was packaged with an attractive rate - without realizing our room was to be in a different facility entirely. Bait and swich! Upon entering our room we were immediately attacked by a multitude of fleas. Even after leaving the room immediately, the fleas were on and under our clothes and continued to bite us. It was a nightmare. Reluctanly and without apologies, the hotel staff moved us to a room in the main tower. They questioned our flea story saying they had never heard of fleas before. One of the porters helping us move said he knew we wouldn't be happy in this flea palace - so apparently the Mauka Tower has this reputation among the staff! The rest of the hotel is pleasant enough for a two star hotel, close to the beach and featuring a nice beach-picnic option, but we will never go back there.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't Stay in Mauka Tower! Good things about this hotel:The staff is friendly (a little clueless sometimes), the pool area is lovely, the Tiki Restaurant is good, and the location is great. I did have a refridgerator.However the hotel has TWO towers, and I'm sure the other one is great. I was in the Mauka Tower. I thought I was getting a great deal on a great hotel, but I now feel more like a victim of false advertising. There are small extras that I like from a hotel. This is a list of those things my room DIDN'T have.A coffee maker, breakfast included, a balcony, high-speed internet, laundry bags and tickets (I had to ask for these), sound isolation (I could here the conversations next door, the babies crying, and the people moving around upstairs and the hallway), a view (unless you like alleys), a complimentary movie channel, daily newspaper.Not to mention the room was really run down. The wallpaper is all torn in places. The matress is uneven and torn on the bottem. The air-conditioner was unbelievably loud. One of the lamp shades is held together with scotch tape. The bathtup is worn to the steel in some places. The furniture is worn. The carpet is stained. The lobby is dark. The elevators smell bad.Driving to the valet area is a pain -- too many one way streets.The guest book said to call the valet by pressing Valet on the phone. My phone had no Valet button, and there was no other number listed.You can't even walk to Mauka Tower from the main tower lobby without going around the parking area and into the street. It shouldn't even be the same hotel.They also have problems with their keycards. In the afternoons there were lines of people whose cards didn't work.I can't say anything about the main tower. If someone praises this hotel, they probably stayed in the main tower.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice location, friendly service We just got back from Waikiki February 2, 2005 and stayed at the Aston for 10 days. We read the reviews before leaving and were not disappointed with the hotel. We had gotten a pretty good deal with Expedia when we booked the hotel. Upon arriving in Honolulu the ground transportation area was confusing and the phones to call for shuttles didn't work, we ended up just getting in a taxi ($24 to the hotel). Upon return to airport make a reservation with one of the shuttles ($5 one way). When we arrived,the check-in was quick and friendly. Brian got us into a room with a nice view, pool side facing the ocean. Shortly after getting into the room he had a small bottle of champagne delivered with two fluted glasses. The rooms are not very big but certainly large enough to get around. The location is very nice for going to the beach (right across the street). You could return back to the room from the beach with little effort for drinks, etc. We enjoyed the BOB each morning. We never took the breakfast to the beach but there was always room around the pool area to sit and read the paper (free on your door each morning). The staff are all very friendly, we left $5 for our maid (Nora) every few days and she was wonderful. She even gave me a hug towards the end of the week out of appreciation for the small tip. Our only problem we experienced while there was one afternoon we returned to our room and found the the door was locked from the inside. When it was opened we found a maid that was not our normal person. We called the supervisor of house keeping and complained. House Keeping spoke to the maid who said she was adding soaps etc. It still didn't explain why she locked the door. The supervisor apologized, sent us a nice card along with an very nice hard cover book about Hawiaii as a gift. We didn't see the maid the rest of our stay. I would recommend using a safe anytime one is available at a hotel. My wife and I are both in law enforcement and see several thefts from local hotels that are suspected to be committed by staff. Many hire temp., seasonal, and part-time help without any backgrounds being done. Over-all we would go back to the Aston if there again. You are close to everything that Waikiki is know for.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not disappointed at all I had booked the Aston at the last minute as we just decided to go within a few days(first week of feb 2005). After booking I did some reading on the reviews and I must say I was very worried about what I had booked. When we arrived I must say we were pleasantly surprised at the hotel. The receptionist was great. She let us check out some rooms before booking us into the one we wanted. We chose a room that had a double bed and 2 twin which worked out perfect for our family. The bathroom was a good size and had tile in it not carpet as mentioned above. We had a good night rest every night and was not awoken by anything. Our room came with the free breakfast and I must say it was great. They had french toast sticks, egg and meat on a bagel/bun, muffins, milk, cereal, bagels and cream cheese, pastry and some asian dishes. All the fruit you wanted and tea, coffee and juices. It was great and saved us at least 25-30 a day for 4 of us. Last time in Hawaii I had a hotel room that had bugs, I must say in the 8 days we stayed here we never seen one bug in our hotel room. The hotel is located right across the street from the beach, like 30 seconds and you are there. It is down the quieter end of Waikiki and close to everything, walking distance to the zoo and aquarium.Less than 10 minutes. I was eating breakfast one morning when I overheard a traveller talking to the manager and he was complimenting her on how well kept the hotel was. It was clean and the atmosphere was very welcoming. every morning they had a singer as well as a hula dancer. They also had entertainment at night as well. The safe they have in the room is worth it and a good size. Most I have seen only fit wallets and small cameras. this one fit a laptop,cameras, wallets etc.Well worth the $2.00 a day. As far as security for the hotel, you cannot get to any of the floors unless you have a key. You have to stick your key in first and then select your floor.I would have no problem recommending this hotel.   
<Date>Feb 13, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not worth it The best part about this hotel is the location. It is right across from the beach -- you just walk across the street and then you're there. I've stayed here three times when in Waikiki, and I just don't think this place is worth the hype. Especially now that they have stopped offering breakfast to the standard room category -- the breakfast is no great shakes to begin with, tiny bagels and cold mini-muffins, the SAME thing every morning. The rooms are decorated in a retro theme but the bathrooms are tiny and the rooms are pretty tiny as well. We were in Hawaii for two weeks the last time we visited, and planned to stay the whole time at this hotel. However, after being awakened TWO times in three days at 4 am by the fire alarm, and having to shuffle down twelve flights of stairs behind two hundred sleepy other guests, only to discover when we got outside that the hotel staff had no idea what was going on or where to tell us to go... standing on a busy street in my nightgown for over an hour before I was allowed to go back to my room. we checked out and moved over to the Outrigger Islander Waikiki. The Islander, though not as kitschy, as least allowed us to sleep through the night. Don't be fooled into buying a room in the Mauka Tower -- we made this mistake the first time we stayed here and were dismayed to find ourselves in the smaller shack out behind the new hotel, in a room which reeked of smoke, where the air conditioner was broken, and we could not open the door to the lanai. For $25/night, they let us upgrade to a standard room, good thing as my allergies would not have allowed me to sleep in that non-smoking room we originally got.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We were nervous after reading the reviews. We stayed at the Aston Waikiki for six nights and for the most part enjoyed our experience. ALL of the staff were wonderful, helpful, efficient and friendly. We really got a kick out of Del from valet. He was always smiling, the kids thought he was a character! We used our rental car every day and would recommend driving to anyone. We appreciated that even when the valets were busy, we were told when to expect our car and usually didn't have to wait at all. The location of the hotel is great, as is the view. We were upgraded upon check-in to a full ocean view room. It was just a bit loud though, right over the bar/ pool area. Although we thought the live music was a nice touch, kind of a soundtrack to our vacation, it got quite loud at night. Like some of the other reviewers stated, our room was a little small- especially lacking in storage and the rug and bathroom could have been newer, but it was clean. Besides ITS HAWAII- we didn't want to spend a lot of time in our room. The breakfast bags were fun and the assortment of items was great- especially for the kids. We had a great meal at TIKI's and terrific service from Marcus. Over all I would recommend this hotel to friends.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Some negatives and positives Stayed for 3 nights. Our room is OK. Reviews show rooms are tiny. Well, actually our room is good size. The lobby has Wireless-Fidelity Internet so I was able to surf with my notebook free of charge. For those who didn't bring their notebook, there's internet for 45 cents per minute. There's free breakfast but of course was included in the room charge. I liked it. The family didn't have to pay another $15 breakfast at Mikey D's or Jack in the Box. Downside:1) Situated at the end of Kalakaua so if you want a budget meal you have to walk blocks to International Market or Royal Hawaii Shopping Center. I think I walked 4 miles back and forth to and from the hotel to dining.2)Garage parking is $13 per day. What a ripoff!! We had to rent a car because we wanted to see the whole island which we did in the 9 days we stayed.3)Bathroom is tiny. Molds on the tiles are very visible. Housekeeping should do a better job.All in all, it wasn't that bad.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>How does one say "dump" in Hawaiian? Plain and simple (in my opinion), this is a TWO star hotel that is listed as four star. Only go if you get a rate under $100 USD per night. Overall this hotel is a disappointment.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ShockedC
<Content>Aston Waikiki Beach hotel is alright I stayed here a couple of days leading up to my wedding and as a local I just wanted to get away from my house/guests etc.The room at the Aston was partial ocean ($145 kamaaina rate). Valet took forever and was disorganized, the elevators were a pain, but breakfast was good and the service friendly. Tiki's restaurant and bar is the best part. Good food, fun service, affordable drinks.The room was small and a smidge dingy.Not bad if you get a good deal but I felt I overpaid for it.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Jacks
<Content>Great time We stayed here from Jan. 3-10 and experienced no difficulties such as many of the previous reviews wrote about. I have to admit I was leary after reading some of the recent reviews however I was pleasantly pleased with our trip. Great location, clean rooms, clean hotel, good entertainment, great staff, free breakfast, right across from the beach--what more could we of asked for. The only negative thing I could come up with would be the pool. The pool is in a poor location and not very big--it was a mood point because we went to the beach everyday. The staff upgraded my kids to an ocean view which was very nice of them for no extra charge. If anyone has any questions feel free to email me.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Everything in Perspective - It's not Bad at all. We just returned from a 6 night stay at the Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel and I must say we had a great time. The staff we encountered, Del at the Valet was nothing but pleasant and Helpful EACH and every time we saw him. Keith at the front desk was helpful as well when Expedia messed up our reservation and the reservation information was not there - thank goodness we packed a copy of our itinerary. Everyone at the Hotel staff, Breakfast setup, TIKI's Bar, Valet, Maid Service was Friendly and Helpful. As for the rooms, OK so they are small. But we were not paying $400 or $500 a night so we did not expect the Kahala Mandarin Oriental Hilton. We had an OCEAN FRONT room on the 12th floor and did not encounter any of the problems listed in other reviews. Our view was spectacular - the sunset was right on the money. If we leaned over the balcony just a bit we could see the edge of Diamond Head. Each night we could see the lighting of the beach torches. We did not hear the bar noise (although it was 7 floors or so directly below us on ocean front) - Our room was clean (and cleaned EACH DAY) - sure the carpet was a little worn and the bathroom could have used a remodel job but the water pressure was strong. The dresser space was LIMITED. So we utilized the shelf space in the closet with the BEADED curtain which was cute. As for the decor - hey it's Hawaii - it's supposed to be big flower prints! The elevators (or lifts) if you please were right on the money so I am not sure what the fuss about them being slow is all about. We never had to wait more than a minute.The LOCATION can't be beat. It's directly across the street from the beach, towels and folding sling chairs are provided free of charge. There is not a lot of street/people traffic in front of the hotel like the other hotels on the main drag. There is a Starbucks, Cold Stone Creamery and Wolfgang Puck within a handful of steps. On Sunday Night they host a movie on the beach and we could see the screen from our balcony but opted for a closer view and headed to the beach where everyone was congregating watching Spiderman 2 and eating Ice cream etc. Due to the excellent location, we did not rent a car, most things were walking distance or trolley away. The BREAKFAST, while basic, is more than acceptable, yogurt (3 varieties each day), mini muffins (3-4 varieties), Coffee cake, cold cereal, hot egg mcmuffin type sandwiches, Miso Soup, Spinach Quiche, fresh fruit cups, coconut jello and a full beverage bar (milk, coffee, Guava, Pineapple, Orange, Lemonade and Sodas) are available. There is no limit/maximum on what you can take so fill your bags and make a second trip as our room had a REFRIGERATOR so we took some sodas and yogurts for later in the day.TIKI's Bar is great - the drinks are plentiful, the views of the sunset are spectacular. As For FOOD- we HIGHLY recommend Sensei Japanese Steak House at the neighboring Marriott. It was EXCELLENT. LULU's is also next door - more of a bar/restaurant atmosphere but fun and upbeat. LUAU, we did the Paradise Cove (the all inclusive $100 per person package) and while the show was nice and the beach location lovely, the food was substandard (fried Chicken, Macaroni Salad and the PIG) the drinks (7each with the package we purchased) we small but you could supersize them for an additional $3. It got a little chilly as the night wore on - something they don't tell you - but Paradise Cove makes out like bandits sellling sweatshirts and lightweight jackets for $29 and up. We had a late flight so we asked for a later checkout but the hotel was full due to the golf event but we were offered a room in the Mauka tower for $60 with a 6pm checkout. It was ONLY when we went to the Mauka Tower that we understood the negative reviews. The Mauka Tower reminded us of those early 1980's rentals in Wildwood NJ where Teenagers grouped together in rooms because it was a cheap way to enjoy the beach. This tower is not pretty and while part of the hotel should not be used as the focal point to judge the hotel. If your budget means you can only afford the Mauka Tower room, then avoid this hotel. Instead pick a hotel that is a street or two from the beach, like the Radisson, but realize that the Radisson (or any other 2 street in hotel is not going to be ocean view but rather Hotel/apartment building view)Now I am sure after this rather lengthy review, you are as skeptical as I was when readling all of the reviews. On what travel experience is the reviewer's opinion based? Well we have traveled extensively and stayed at some of the top rated hotels in the World: The Hotel de Paris in Monte Carlo, The Kahala Mandarin Oriental in Hawaii on our last stay in Hawaii), The Hotel George V in Paris, El San Juan Hotel in Puerto Rico, Le Chateau Frontenac in Quebec, Bora Bora Lagoon in French Polynesian islands. So what made us choose the Aston Waikiki Beach? We wanted a quick longer than a weekend getaway which was affordable and had a desirable location. In our case, we preferred to spend our money on good food , drinks and other activities - spending time in the room was not a main priority. As long as it was neat, clean and had a great view......Feel free to contact us.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Avoid this place! We were on our honeymoon in Hawaii over Christmas and booked a room here because we thought thissounded like a nice place to stay near Waikiki Beach. Actually, wechecked in and then checked out within an hour! After being put into a smoking room, we spent much time at the front desk trying to find a non-smoking room. The only nonsmoking room unfortunately had double beds--nice for a honeymoon, right? Well, we get to the room (with an 'oceanview' over the loud outdoor swimming pool), and it was dingy and dirty. The 'loudness' of the bright decor fails to hide this! We pulled back the quilt on the bed and the blanket was COVERED with dark hairs!!! We called Housekeeping right away to ask for new bedding. Then we ended up quickly consulting our guidebooks and calling over to the Marriott Waikiki across the street, and booked a room there. Slightly more expensive than the Aston but a zillion times nicer!P.S.--when we came back to the Aston to pick up our luggage, check out, and switch over to the Marriott, no new bedding had been brought yet---big surprise.Bottom line, this place sells itself as a funky, fun, newly refurbished hotel but its actually a crowded, loud, dingy poorly managed tourist trap. Stay away if you're looking for a clean room in a nice hotel!  
<Date>Jan 8, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>FANTASTIC TIME IN GREAT ATMOSPHERE! Friendliest employees we have ever experienced in our many trips to Hawaii. I highly recommend the hotel and accomodations. Great location too.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>marjreeh
<Content>Bad Customer Service I haven't even stayed there yet but I already experienced bad customer service from their front desk staff. We originally booked a room in their Mauka Tower but after reading horrible reviews about that tower, we decided to upgrade the room. I tried to call the reservation line, but since I booked the room online, they told to just call the hotel. So I called the hotel and spoke to someone who sounded like she didn't know what she was doing and she kept placing me hold. After being on the phone for about 15 minutes and actually talking to her for like 4 minutes total, she asked me to call back later because she was too busy to help me and that there was a long line in front of her and then she hung up. I was appalled when she told me that and I didn't know what to say. I notified management and they couldn't really do too much... a free upgrade to a standard room, which didn't even get good reviews either. I gave up on that hotel and decided to go elsewhere with the help of a travel agent. We got a better rate at another property with an ocean view. Who would want to stay at a place who treats their guest badly on the phone? Imagine how they would be when you get there?!  
<Date>Jan 7, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Some good...but mostly bad. The Good:1) The hotel is located on Waikiki Beach2) The hotel's breakfast is decent and included with the cost of the roomThe Bad1) The rooms are dingy. This is a former budget hotel which has been hastily redocorated but is still shabby and dirty (at least in our room). The overall decor and cleanliness is poor.2) There aren't enough elevators. Too many people + dingy hotel + too few elevators=horrible experience3) Valet service for one's car is painfully slow 4) The rooms are extremely small. 5) Paper-thin walls. You can hear your neighbors lanai (small like the rooms) door open and close as well as other things you may not wish to hear.The bottom line is that this is a decent to poor family hotel. If you can find an extremely cheap rate, it may be worth your while. Otherwise, better accomodations are available.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>frequenttraveler
<Content>A dump indeed........ Similar to the review 2 down from here, i had the misfortune of booking via expedia 1 1/2 years ago to stay for 5 nights. At the time of booking, expedia called this a 4 star hotel. hmm.... The room was awful. It was to begin with tiny - so if you have children or more than 1 suitcase, you would be hardpressed to open it and be able to move about. The decoration was surreal - lime green. The balcony was a cement number... The whole building felt like a 3rd world cement block with some basic decoration. We stayed for about 1 hour and decided to check out and move to the Hyatt. Basically it comes down to this - don't stay in Waikiki. If you have to stay in Oahu - spend the money and put yourself up in the Kahala Mandarin Oriental. Otherwise, i would skip Oahu all together and go to either Maui or Big Island. Oahu is now just an overrun holiday destination.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great time, friendily service and great location. Our experience at the Wakiki Beach Hotel was wonderful! We stayed there for Christmas 04. Having read the other reviews, I arrived with trepidation only to be very surprised by the attentative service, kind staff and relaxing atmosphere. Our room was on the 6th floor, close to the bar. This presented a bit of a noise problem, but it did not stop us from getting to sleep. The room, while small, was clean. Tacky beads were a little trying. But, we simply tied them together with a belt. The location close to the beach was a real treat and the breakfast, while ordinary, was simple and avoided us having to think about where to eat in the morning. Besides, cereal, coffee, juice and yoghurt is what we normally eat at home, so why eat something more lavish? Hats off to the staff, who upgraded one of our party to a suite when work had to be done to their room. I would definitely go back. Thanks for making our stay so enjoyable.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What A Dump!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! My family and I had the misfortune of having to stay in this Wretched Hotel for one night! After arriving in Wakiki after a ten hour flight, waiting one hour for our airport transfer, we could not wait to get to our hotel, unpack and get a good meal. Imagine my surprise and horror, we arrived at this Glorified Motel!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! It was dirty, stained carpet, outdated furniture, unquestionable bed linens and an unknowing staff. We arrived on a Friday evening and after two hours on the phone with Expedia, we were booked into the Hyatt Regency for the next day. We were forced to spend the night in this DUMP. I was afraid to take off my clothes and we most definately did not sleep under the comforter! The difference we had to pay for the Hyatt was bare bones minimun, so why would ayone pay the prices that this Hotel(?) charges when they can stay somewhere clean, up to date and service oriented?  
<Date>Dec 28, 2004
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Did not like The Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel My family and I were booked at this hotel through Expedia. I thought from what I had read it would be good. Not at all. The room was dirty, the decor just awful. Instead of doors at the closet, there is a beaded curtain (with a Hula Dancer). Tacky. The Breakfast on the Beach a joke. The food not good. The slowest elevators in the whole world. While the Tiki Bar might be good, it is crowded most of the time, and not with really all desirable people. Now I understand why you must have a room key just to go one floor in the slow elevators. The hallways are not clean. The soda machines are in the hallway. Not hidden. Just sitting in the hallway. Unbelievable. I can't even call this a glorified motel. 'Needless to say, we didn't want to stay the night. Unforntunately there was not another hotel available until the next day. If this happens to you, do what we did. Leave the luggage downstairs and just shower and get out right away. The staff was very courteous. This is one of the biggest pluses for this property. Not sure why this property rates 3 1/2 stars. One for me.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2004
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fun and nice experience We stayed at the Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel from Nov. 25 to Nov. 30. It was a great place. In reading other reviews it just amazes me what people will find to complain about. We did not find the elevators to be slow. The place was clean and neat. The people were friendly and we were automatically upgraded to a room with an ocean view upon our arrival, without having to ask. The BOB (Breakfast on the Beach) was a nice thing because it saves you money and you can take your breakfast to the beach with the beach towels and beach chairs that you can check out for free. The beach is right across the street and it's pretty much a secluded lagoon area there which is nice. The room was kitschey and fun. The beaded closet with picture of an island girl on it did get in the way of trying to get in and out of the closet and it would have been nice to have some clips, or some other device, to be able to clip aside the beads, however, we learned to live with it. The safe box in our room was nice to have and we did not have to pay for it when we departed (at least nothing was said and no expense incurred). The location is wonderful because you're still on, and in, the Waikiki strip but on the end and a bit removed from the main central strip of Waikiki and still within a nice walking distance. In short, for those of you who are thinking of staying there for your trip to Honolulu, it is definitely a great place and great location. There was absolutely nothing wrong with this hotel. It was fun and a nice experience. Aloha!  
<Date>Dec 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Shreddie
<Content>Great Value...fun place! We stayed at the Aston Wakiki Beach Hotel for 2 nights, last week and really enjoyed ourselves. The location is at the best end of Waikiki Beach and the value for your money can't be beat. We were upgraded to a full ocean view on arrival and it was spectacular. Yes, the rooms are smallish (narrow) but this is typical of your older hotels in Waikiki. For a short stay, it was no problem, though I doubt I'd want to stay a full week in such a small room. I thought they did a great job making a drab old hotel lively and fun with their hip hawaiiana theme with the bright paint and fabrics and the island furnishings. The open air lobby was relaxing and convivial.The free breakfast is a nice touch though it's kind of what you expect for a massive serving that is turned out daily. If you had kids, this would be a great bonus, plus we ended up using the free lunch bags for the rest of our trip when packing sodas etc for the beach.While it's certainly not a fancy resort, we had a blast there. The food at Tiki's was really good and the atmosphere fun. For $120-150 a night, you could do much worse and not have nearly the view or location at Waikiki.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Avoid the Mauka tower at all costs My husband and I stayed here in June '04 for five nights. This hotel has two towers - the Mauka tower (unrenovated) and the Main tower (newly renovated). To save money, we originally signed up for the Mauka tower, which turned out to be the worst lodging I've ever seen. It looked like the kind of place where drug deals would be made and the room was an absolute dump. We actually had to pry the elevator doors open with our feet because they didn't open more than a few inches. Before we even saw our room, the guy at the front desk (I'll keep his name confidential) actually laughed at us. Good luck, he said. Then when we came back up to get a different room (in the remodeled tower) he said I told you so. He treated us like idiots. We were weary and tired from traveling, so we upgraded our room (we paid double what we were planning to pay) and got a much better room in the remodeled Main tower. The (other) staff were friendly and we enjoyed our stay - especially Breakfast on the Beach, which provided breakfast and enough to save for lunch too. One thing to note is there is loud music late into the evening, so it makes sleeping difficult (especially when you're flying in from the mainland and you are tired at 7 p.m.). Otherwise, it's in a good area, close to the beach, with lots of restaurants (AND COLD STONE CREAMERY) nearby. Overall, we enjoyed our stay, but are a little scarred from the initial experience. I'd recommend this hotel, but don't bother with the Mauka tower. The Mauka tower should be absolutely condemned.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Experience My husband and I just returned from spending 6 nights at the Aston Waikiki Beach hotel on the 26th and I am amazed at all the totally different perceptions of it. We had an oceanview room on the 19th floor with a King sized bed that was quite comfortable. The room was small, but clean and the refrigerator and insulated cooler were nice for drinks and snacks. The maid service was very prompt, the front desk was friendly and helpful and left us a complimentary bottle of champagne as we were celebrating our anniversary. The breakfast isn't gourmet food, but a definite step above a continental breakfast that was great to grab something to eat before heading off to see or do something that we went to hawaii for. We loved having a cup of coffee on our balcony first thing in the morning and a drink there before going out at night. We paid around $135 a night with a package deal and while there are some really beautiful hotels on Waikiki, feel that for the money and opportunity to go to Hawaii the Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel is absolutely fine and would stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>DO NOT BOOK My husband and I celebrated our honeymoon in Hawaii from October 4 to October 20. Our travel agent recommended this hotel to us, and since returning we have lodged a complaint.On arriving at the Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel in Honolulu we were very excited. A Honeymoon is traditionally the start of married life, and both my husband and I were looking forward to spending the first night of our lives together. However, on entering the room it was obvious that our expectations were not going to be met. To our shock we has been provided with a room containing two separate beds. We rang through to the main desk, and were informed that as it was so late (1 am, the plane arrived at 11:40 pm), nothing could be done until the next morning. We were assured that this oversight would be fixed, and in the morning we would be shown a room with a more accommodating bed. My husband and I both laughed with the porter who had carried our bags up to the room about spending our first night together apart, believing that one night wouldn鈥檛 be that bad.My husband approached the front desk at around 8:30 am the next morning. He was informed that the Aston Waikiki could not guarantee a Queen or King bed to anyone regardless of whether it was their Honeymoon or not. The man informed my husband that all travel agents were aware of this. He suggested that we pay an extra $500 US to upgrade to a room containing a Queen bed. We were not in a position to pay this, and declined the offer, spending the remaining nights at the Aston Waikiki in separate beds. The room was horrid. Sewerage regularly gurgled out of the shower pipe which required looking at a number of times. We were told that this was because the pipes were simply blocked, that it was not sewerage and that it happened regularly in Hawaii. (it smelled bad what ever it was and we didnt experience this in any other hotel in Hawaii) The pipes rattled and the air-conditioning was quite stale. The free breakfast on the beach was yucky.On a good note. The hotel has a lovely pizza shop on site and the location is excellent.I would NOT recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was alright for 2 nights... My friend and I stayed there Oct. 1-3 before we got aboard the Pride of Aloha. It cost us about $279 per person for the 2 nights. I have came to the conculsion I had been ripped off. The hotel room was tiny (and looked like it was straight out of the 60s. UGLY), no room for our 4 pieces of luggage. The bathroom was quite gross and small. The pool was a joke. For such a large hotel it was tiny. The tiki Bar and Grill was awesome though. I also didn't like how you needed your room key just to get above the 3rd floor, and those horrible super-slow elevators! I did like the location. Also, if you choose to stay here, request a room above the 8th floor, the music and live bands at the pool deck/ tiki bar play LOUD until about 11:30pm. The BOB idea, I thought was ok, the food was horrible though. I also thought it was rediculous they charge if you use the safe in the room! This was definitly a glorified MOTEL. I feel sorry for the sucker(s) who put out the 30 million in renovation in 2000. They were ripped off!  
<Date>Nov 14, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hip Hotel I really enjoyed this hotel. I thought it was a hip, refreshing option in Waikiki -- a place where most hotels are tired. I spent 2 nights there in March 2004 and was very impressed with the renovations. The rooms have a bright-colored Hawaiian theme which I though was a lot of fun and a welcome change from the dreary hotel rooms found in most other Waikiki hotels. We had a partial ocean view room, which had and an excellent view of the Waikiki beach. The rooms do face a side street, but there's nothing obstructing the view.For what we got I thought it was an excellent value. (Free carry out breakfast included.) We paid about $130 a night for a great room with a killer view right accross the street from the beach. A few warnings: The hotel is on the far side of Waikiki, but everything is still walking distance. No room service. Small pool.A fun hotel right on the beach with a fresh look and a reasonable price. I recommend it. My favorite hotel in Waikiki if you're looking to get out of the budget hotel scene, but don't want to spend big bucks on the big, beachfront hotels.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I thought it was a very good place to stay. The previous review about it being tacky had some legitimate points, but was far too critical. The decor was sometimes what you might see on Trading Spaces but they were trying for a Hawaiian feel. The breakfast area was the pool deck and outdoors, but it doesn't rain that often. On the plus side, the staff was friendly and helpful; the lifts were quick and there were 5 of them; the breakfast was good and there was plenty of it; we ate our breakfast on the deck overlooking the beach and it was great; the hotel was directly across the street from the beach; the bed was comfortable; there was a fridge in the room; there were 2 restaurants in the hotel. The hotel is at the end of the strip but only about 1/2-mile walk from the international market. A very easy stroll thru all the shopping area.I made my reservations on Hotels and got an ocean view room for $140 and looked directly out my window at Diamond Head and had a very respectable view of the beach and ocean. I was very satisfied and if I ever go to O'ahu again (highly unlikely), I would stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I would stay at the Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel again. I have read the bad reviews for this hotel I did not experience any of those bad things. Had an oceanview room, beautiful scene of Waiki Beach from 21st floor window, especially at night, breathtaking. Room small, but large enough for two. Some say the beds are hard. I like a firm bed, so for me it was great. Clean Room, Clean Bathroom, Daily Maid Service, Friendly staff, Adaquate free breakfast. Good food at resturant. The location of the Hotel was what we liked, at end of block. No hotels next door . The beach was smaller and not crowded in that area, nor was the streets so crowded, but in walking distance of everything you need and more. Activity buses picked up at door, also cab service, trolley service. I did not go to Hawaii to stay in hotel room, but to see attractions and the beach. The Aston gave me everything I needed and more to make my stay comfortable. I would stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Tacky, Tacky, Tacky I'll start with the good aspect of this hotel. The location was great! That's about all the good aspects that I could find about this hotel. I have stayed at other Aston properties, but it is obvious that they forgot they own this place. To make a long story short, I'll list the problems we encountered. We had several rooms and all the bathrooms were a mess. The ceiling leaked all the time and the floor and rugs was soaked, paint was chipping off the walls, mold/mildew was on the sink and shower. The A/C unit never turned off automatically, we had to get up through the night and manually turn it off and on. The small refrigerator made loud strange sounds when it turned off and on and would shake the unit it was placed on. The furniture looks like it was there since 1960's. The headboard was a piece of foam covered in a lime green and gold fabric that matched the limp bedspread. The room was just dark and depressing. The breakfast was plentiful, but it is served on the pool deck. There's no place to sit. They provide you with a thermo pack so you can take the meal to the beach or back to you room. Guess what, it was raining the morning I went down. The plastic containers of food were wet. The sugar was hard and wet. Two people fell on the slick deck, just while I was there. I was soaked by the time I got my food. Folks, take my advise and look for something else. We will never stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome After arriving in Honolulu to find that my sister had booked us into a hostel, i was on a mission, a mission to find a gorgeous resort style hotel before sunset... and cancel the stay in the hostel (they could keep their $25 and the cockroaches) As soon as arriving at the hotel we were treated like friends ... not customers. The atmosphere is awesome, people friendly and veiw stunning, i looked at both the smaller and larger rooms and decided to stay in the larger room, but both very modern interiors! Breakfast, Bands, Restraunts and position of the hotel a just a bonus. We absolutly loved our stay at this hotel and my partner and i are flying back over in a few months...and guess what .. ASTON WAIKIKI BEACH HOTEL....we'll be back. Thanks guys, you made my trip!(Special thanks to Carol)  
<Date>Nov 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pleasantly surprised I too had read the reviews here and was a little unsure what to expect. Our room was oceanview and the Breakfast was wonderful. They gave my daughter and I each a insulated tote and we had more choices than we could eat. We were in walking distance of the International Market Place and we had several good eating places to choose from without getting on a bus, though all of the buses stopped at this hotel. Would stay there again. The only thing that kept me from giving it a five star was the employees at the desk. They were not very friendly but you get that anywhere when you deal with people.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Splendid location! It is a while ago we made our honeymoon trip to Hawaii (March 2004), but here is our rating:We looked for a convenient, affordable for European pocket, beach-located hotel at Waikiki for a week and despite of some reviews, we have chosen Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel. The German travel agency offered a complementary upgrade to ocean view and our room had a breath-taking sunset view over the end of Waikiki. Also the morning sun was illuminating the ocean. We liked it better than the locations of the hotels middle of Waikiki.Knowing that the hotel invested quite a lot in renovation just last year, it really does not show, neither in the lobby nor in the rooms, but the room was clean and in cheerful colors ;-) Compared to our further destination (Maui, Kaanapali Beach Hotel), Aston was not the honeymooner-friendly destination at all.Also the elevators: they were sooooo slow! Using the stairs was quite disgusting. The staircase was somewhat smelly...The breakfast was quite ok, even too heavy for the European style and the idea quite interesting - sometimes with hawaiian music at the pool. Anyhow, this was the place to stay. We rather spent the money on island tours and experiencing the place and nature so far away from home.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>2bTraveling
<Content>Nice for the price We stayed here from 10/19/04 - 10/26/04. The room was very small. The beds were comfortable and clean. The staff was very nice. The retro look is fun but once you are past the lobby it is a bit shabby. Our room had fun furnishings but only one wall had fresh bright yellow paint. The rest of the walls had holes in them and really old wallpaper that clashed. The bead curtain was annoying. The carpet looked old and nasty. (Make sure you are not across from the ice machine. I could hear it down the hall in our room!) We had a view of Waikiki that was nice. The balcony was only big enough for one chair and a pidgeon. The free breakfast was pretty bad. It was a primal experience of hunting and gathering among small plastic containers of soggy biscuits and small portions to rustle up anything worth eating. We started skipping it and going around the corner to Starbucks. The pool is small and right in the middle of everything. I saw way too many babies in diapers in it to make me want to jump in. Across the street is the beach and it is very nice. Don't expect comfortable chairs and beach services. Others have complained about the music from the bar but it really didn't bother us. If the Aston chain took the time to paint all the walls in the rooms and replace the carpet they would have a nice place. Bottom line: I wish I'd spent the extra and stayed at a larger hotel with more services and right on the beach.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel and location but don't rely on the breakfast I've visited the island many times and have family living there now. Many of the hotels on the strip show a lot more age than the Auston. HOTEL: I was pleasantly surprised at the fresh looking entrance and lobby. It's a great location, right across from the beach, a clean walk compared to some other hotels where you have to walk through sandy narrow walkways to get there. VIEW: As usual the partial ocean view room faced the hotel across the way and unless you walked out onto the balcony you couldn't see the ocean. FOOD: My biggest disappointment was the complementary breakfast, it just didn't stack up to the overall hotel experience. Bland, sometimes oily, inconsistent textures and tastes come back to memory. Stick to the fresh fruit, cereal and coffee. Overall a great choice. BTW: I also found out that it's illegal (something like a $500 fine) to hang clothing on your balcony. My bikini top landed on the balcony several floors down and when I called downstairs a very disgruntled man told me so. There is no posting of this in the room though. Anyhow they did send someone to retrieve them for me in the end.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2004
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely Lovely Hotel- Mahalo! Absolutely lovely Hotel! Perfect Location and Beautiful Rooms which provide an excellent Hawaiian experience. The rooms are very brightly decorated with Hawaiian-Print Bedsheets and headboards, and the room we stayed in had a nice view of the ocean as well. The hotel is located right in the middle of Waikiki with easy access to everything- just across the road from the beach, and within walking distance to a bus to Ala Moana Shopping Centre. The pool deck is lovely, and the 'breakfast on the beach' concept is fun (although we didn't find out until the last day that the rate we got for our room didn't actually include breakfast! Nobody had told us and we'd just been getting breakfast at the buffet every day anyhow! Oops!). Tiki's Bar  Grill is also extremely good, and definately convenient! The only problems with this hotel in my opinion, were the EXTREMELY slow elevators- I don't know what was with them. You had to wait about 5 minutes minimum to go anywhere, yet they all seemed to be working fine? And the bathtub/shower was very VERY slow draining- (a bit of background- there were 4 of us 20-something year old girls staying in the room so showering after the beach was NOT a fun experience as you were standing in about 5 inches of some one elses dirty sandy water!). All in all though, this is a great hotel, and very good for the price! I would definately stay here again and recommend it to anyone travelling to Hawaii. On my previous trip to Honolulu, I stayed at the Outrigger East (now called the Ohana East) which definately was not up to the standard of this hotel. I hope this review was helpful!  
<Date>Oct 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not bad at all.... We were pretty scared to stay at this property after reading some of its reviews but had to as we were meeting other family staying there and it turned out to be not that bad at all! You just have to go into it knowing that the place is usually full which means you will have crowds at check-in  out, a wait every time for the elevators and a wait in the valet area. Yes, the rooms are small but your right in Waikiki and you should be out in the craziness anyhow! The beach is easy to get to as its right across the street, if you like to surf you can rent boards real easy right there on the beach. Also the hotel gives you chairs and towels for the beach. The plus of this hotel is the wacky breakfast deal. Its silly how you get a bright orange cooler and all that, and the food isn't the best you ever had.....but the bottom line is the set up saves you money from buying breakfast each morning and alot of time. We were so happy the hotel had that set up and don't know how they do it as people go crazy there. Its funny to watch. Also we did eat at the bar/restaurant there and it was fantastic so we definitely recommend it. Also the icea cream place below. ha! So- if you looking for a quirky fun place to stay that is convienient, offers a cost savings of breakfast, this would be the place for you.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved every minute of it.... I stayed at the Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel Sept. 12th 鈥?9th, 2004. I went on this trip alone so I was not sure what hotel to stay at. Being a woman I was concerned a little about safety and all that. Had not worries once I arrived at the AWBH. To use the elevators to get to any floor you have to have a room key (card). That made me feel safe. Now I read the reviews before I went and found more positive reviews than negative. I don鈥檛 get what some of the negative reviewers were expecting .The elevators were not slow. Remember I was there 8 days. It did take me a few times to figure out how to get the card to work in the elevator but not a big deal. Hay you are in Hawaii! My room was not small nor was my bathroom small. After all you are not sleeping in the bathroom for goodness sakes. The hotel staff was great. I was upgraded to an ocean view room on arrival. That was really nice. The room was wonderful. Had a great view of the ocean and of Diamond Head. Did not hear any noise from the streets. I guess I was so tired from all the fun all day and night that I did not hear any noise. The beach is a few steps away from the hotel. It is a great location if you like to shop, swim and relax. Yes the breakfast did get a little boring after a few days but it did save money for more shopping and activities. Plus I had extra left over for a late night snack if I wanted. You don鈥檛 have to eat there everyday if you don鈥檛 want to. The hotel had Hawaiian entertainers singing in the morning by the poolside bar while you have coffee and eat breakfast. If you wanted you could take your breakfast in the lunch bag (you get to keep) and get a chair and take to the beach and watch the sunrise and the surfers. The hotel had a few freebies and a coupon book which I did use a few times. On Friday night the streets were closed off for the Aloha Festival. There were all kind of vendors selling food and things. In front of the Aston they had all kinds of entertainment and gave out more flower leis and all kids of stuff. I could go on and on with more but you get the idea. All in all I had a great time in Oahu. The Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel helped make my trip very enjoyable. I am going back in March 05 and bringing my family. We are definitely staying at this hotel. I can鈥檛 wait. I highly recommend this hotel. Two thumbs up.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2004
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pretty Good Hotel I stayed 5 nights (Oct 8-13) at Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel with my family. The rooms are not big, but it was adequate. The retro furnishings are kind of a blast from the past. The staff is great, location's fantastic, you just need to cross Kalakaua to get to the beach. They lend you beach chairs and towels to take to the beach. The free breakfast every morning will save you some money.I've seen the other reviews in this forum. I was a little apprehensive at first, but there's nothing to worry about. I've stayed at the Marriott and Hyatts in the Mainland, and its no comparison. Its a three-star hotel, and be realistic with your expectation. The price is not bad, $529 including tax for 5 nights.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rbreaux1
<Content>Check your reservation....or else!!!! I made reservations at this hotel for 10/5 - 10/11 via Aston's phone reservation line. I got a fair rate of $105/night (std room) through my Entertainment Card. I verified my reservation twice on the phone  once by email, it all instances everything was fine. Much to my horror  dismay, when I arrived at check-in, the hotel had overbooked!!! I was subsequently re-located to another Aston property, the Aston Waikiki Sunset - just up the street about four blocks. I understand that hotels generally overbook due to sudden cancellation, and that since I had a discounted rate I got bumped out first. But the hotel should notify those unfortunate souls BEFORE they arrive on Oahu! So as to arrange other possible lodging. The check-in gal was pleasant enough, and still offered the free Breakfast on the Beach. The Waikiki Sunset was an upgrade of sort, a bigger room w/ a better view of the Ala Wai golf course. But since I was traveling alone, the whole experience pissed my off!! Bottom line, I'll probably not do business with Aston again. My advice, be sure to check your reservations the day before!FYI - the Breakfast on the Beach got very old after the third breakfast. They basically have two menus which seems to alternate every other day.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rayray581
<Content>Had a wonderful time!!! My best friend and I stayed here from July 23-July 30th. Upon arrival we were upgraded from a partial ocean view to a full ocean view free of charge. It was awesome to wake up to a beautiful view of Waikiki Beach every morning. The hotels location is great because it's not right in the middle of all the action, but within walking distance to it. Our room was also very clean and perfect for what we intended to use it for (which was just sleeping). The breakfast that was included every day was definitley a plus. This saved us a lot of money. Most of the time we had enought food left over to take with us for a snack or lunch later in the day. We found the staff at the hotel to be very helpful overall. However, I would NOT recommend booking excursions through the Expedia desk. Booking through the Pleasant Holidays desk we got better deals and much better service than with Expedia. This was our first time to Hawaii and I would not hesitate to stay at this hotel again, or to recommend it to others.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I would stay again My husband and I stayed here Sept. 23-27. We both approved of the place. We found our room to be very clean, it was not large but we don't spend a lot of time in our hotel room so we didn't mind. We were given extra towels each time we asked and found the staff to be very friendly. I do beleive that the weekday front staff was more helpful than those that seem to work the weekend. We got the standard room at 109.00 a night and we thought we got our money's worth. It is not a fancy place but clean and nice. The free breakfast was a great plus. We stayed on Maui a few nights and really found ourselves missing the free breakfast. If you rent a car expect to add on at least another $20 per night for parking and taxes, plus you still have to tip. If I could get the room at a rate such as the one I got I would stay again. It is a nice place just don't expect a four star hotel and you will be pleased.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Nice Place Nothing Special Though The Aston IS NOT a four star hotel. IT IS a nice average hotel. We checked in and didn't like our room. The front desk staff gave us a few keys and told us to look at the rooms and let them them know which one we'd like. We settled on room 1102 which like the other rooms we looked at had two seperate beds. No problem, we moved the nightstand out of the way and put the beds together. The front desk staff were great, the housekeeping staff were good but, they tended to make the room at odd hours like 1 PM. Once again no problem a $5.00 spot fixed the problem. We asked for more pillows and the pillows arrived in 10 minutes. The room is small but we didn't spend too much time there. The cube fridge in the room was a nice touch. The beach is right across the street and the Aston supplies towels and chairs for use.Rent a car, we did for $42.00 from Budget which is a few blocks away. We drove to the North Side which is away from the hustle of Waikiki. We went to the shrimp farms area and had a lunch of fresh shrimp, salad, rice, blue sweet potato and a soda for $11.00. While stopping at the Kualoa Nursery and Gardens on Route 83 we discovered a great Polynesian show and tour for $10.00. The guy who played the chief was not only informative but he was really funny too. The beach across the street from the Aston has a retaining wall too keep the waters calm and it looks to be the family area of the beach.The Aston is a nice place to be while in Waikiki. Take it for what it is, an average place with decent service and nice eateries like the Tiki Bar and Grill. If it's just me and the wife we'll be back if we bring the rest of the family we'd probably have to stay elsewhere the rooms are that small.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2004
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would not stay here again. My wife, son and I stayed at this hotel from the 20th to the 24th of September, 2004 and find it hard to recommend. We stayed on the 16th floor and overlooked the beach, pool and Waikiki. The view was fantastic but the noise wasn't, the band at the pool didn't stop until after 11 pm each night and even 16 floors up it was if they were playing on the balcony, then when they stopped all you could hear was the traffic. Some double glazing wouldn't go astray! The room and bathroom were tiny and the beds were even smaller and we had to shift one of the lights so we could fit our suitcases into the room. The breakfast was o.k but as a word of advise stick to the food in boxes. Last but not least the parking is slow and expensive, would not stay here again, more than likely go further out and drive to Waikiki.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Holiday in Paradise My cousin and I stayed 10 days at the Aston. we had no problems at all. We arrived at the front desk at 3:00 in the afternoon. We waited no longer than 5 or so minutes to get registered. We had made our reservations thru Apple Travel Agency. I believe we got much better service than going through the internet. Someone met us at the airport, lei greeting and all. Getting from the airport to the hotel can be a real hassel. We had transportation built into our package. Well worth the few extra dollars. Our room (#1011) on the pool side was just at we expected, the Partial View of the ocean overlooked the ocean, all of beautiful Waikiki strip...sunsets and all. I can't imagine what some of those people were complaining about! Were they going too cheap and staying in the old Tower? Breakfast on the Beach was great if you picked and chose. It saved us a tremendous amount of money that we used for seeing all the sights and you DON'T have to do it every day if you want something else.  Although we didn't book thru the internet we used the Expedia Desk (right next to the escalators) to book almost all our sightseeing AND our rental car that we only used for 3 out of 10 days. No Problems!!  Our room was clean, the tile in the bathroom was brand new and the rug was clean with no dirty spots on it at all. Edith, our housekeeper was a jewel. She brought us extra pillows and anything else we needed. What more can you ask for for a room you only need to sleep in. If this is your first time to visit Waikiki, take the Catamaran trip...You won't regret it! Also I recommend old Chinatown and Wo Fat Dim Sum Restaurant upstairs over the markets for lunch. It has a big sign (on the corner) easy to find and the chinese food is to die for. For $12.00 we ate until we couldn't breath. We loved the Aston, and waking up to soft Hawaiian music in the morning and sitting on the balcony, stepping over to the beach, made the start of each day perfect.  Aloha! And we'll be back....  
<Date>Sep 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved It!!!! My husband and I just returned from a week at the Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel (Sept. 11-18). We had a very position stay at this hotel and would not hesitate to return. We stayed in an ocean front room (1733) and had a view to die for. We made sure to view the sunset from our balcony almost every evening. The room was clean, the air conditioning was in great working order. The housekeeping staff was prompt with special requests. We asked for extra pillows and waited about 10 minutes is all before there was someone at our door. The room was cleaned and made up every day beore 10 or 11am. I read where some people complained about waiting a long time for elevators and that the bathrooms where too small. We never waited very long for an elevator. There are about 6 elevators if I recall. Yes, the bathroom was small, but not so small that this should be a problem. How much time are you really going to spend in the bathroom. The rooms are not huge but they are very comfortable. We sure didn't mind sitting on the bed to watch tv. We spend most of the time on the balcony while we were in the room watching the goings on around the beach and street area. The hotel has an excelent location. It's right across the steet from the beach. The hotel provided us with as many beach towels as we wanted. We were also provided with a beach chair each. Never was any of the staff at this hotel ever rude or unprofessional. The Tiki Bar and Grill had good food and better than expected entertainment. The free breakfast that was provided every morning was a real money saver. I would highly recommend this hotel especially for the location. Waikiki is the most famous beach in the world so if you don't like people and want a more private place to vacation then don't go there. It's busy, bustling and has lots of people around. My husband and I loved meeting people from all over the country. The hopitality that this hotel provided us was a bonus. This was our 2nd time to Honolulu and this was the best. We will be back and will not have to look for a different hotel. I will even ask for the same room if it's available the next time we are there.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>2tseppin
<Content>Loved The Aston!!! I am so happy that I didn't take advice from the other reviews about this hotel...I had a wonderful time there...Upon arrival my bags were brought up to my room immediately...I was upgraded to an ocean view room #1213 and the view was beautiful...I called for a coffee maker and that was brought up in a matter of minutes...My room was cleaned daily and fresh towels, shampoo and soap was replaced without asking!!! The pool was not crowded, but I prefer the ocean and it was right across the street...A car was not needed because everything imaginable was within walking distant...The Tiki Restaurant was great!!! Fast service and pleasant wait staff...The room was decorated in a kind of Retro fashion, not for me but very clean and cute!!!The Honolulu Zoo was within walking distant as was the Aquarium...Places to eat and shopping were also close... In the evening you can sit on the lanai and listen to the bands they have there nightly...I truly found nothing wrong with this hotel and will stay there again when I return to Honolulu!!!  
<Date>Sep 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>justgr8
<Content>Not a resort but a great place to start If you've been to the islands of Hawaii you know there are distinct differences between them all with Oahu being one of the busiest  most populated, with that in mind the Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel is a great value for the area. It's an easy jumping off point for the many attractions, all of the shuttles stop at the hotel and it's at the end of Waikiki so it's not as congested as up the street. In our case, family of 4 w/two teenagers, it was a great place to stay before our daily adventures. We did many things  visited many places throughout the island and it was a convenient place to start. The breakfast at the beach was a time and money saver. Simple foods nothing fancy, cereals, muffins, biscuit meals, juices, coffeee. We ate outside on the terrace in the morning  brought up cereal  milk to the kids. If breakfast is your biggest meal of the day then this may not be for you. We estimated a couple hours  $30-40 were saved each day. The rooms are small but nice, with refrigerator, if you're a big family this may be too small for you. In my case it's two teenaged girls but if it was two 6' boys definately too small.Pros: Less crowded location (by Waikiki standards). Good on-site restaurants, The beach really is just across the street. Save $  time w/ breakfast on the beach. Terrific viewsCons: small rooms, but you can upgrade. Not for the intolerant of familys  kids. Not a resort. Valet parking only so waiting for the car ritual can be a pain depending on the time of day also cost is an additional $10 a day.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A 2 star hotel at 4 star prices This was our fourth trip to Hawaii and we had stayed in Aston hotels 3 out of those 4 times. This Aston property was a major disappointment. It is old, the one elevator was tiny, the rooms were small, furnishings smelled old and musty, we tried but could not upgrade our room to the full ocean view. Others in our group did MUCH better at the Sheraton Waikiki and Outriggers on the beach for less money. Aston should remove its name from this hotel or tear it down and build a new one in its place. What we learned from this trip was (a) do not take a prepaid all-inclusive package from a web site that will not allow us to change hotels without losing most of the money, (b) be cautious when a hotel is described as charming, or boutique by a travel site, (c) have a healthy respect for TripAdvisor reviews, several of which reflected my own eventual experience at this hotel, (c) definitely not come back to this hotel. There are far better deals on the beach.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2004
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Do your homework before booking Just returned from 10 days on Waikiki at this hotel. We normally stay in Maui and I will admit, are very spoiled by the accomodations there. However, wanting to try something different and see Pearl Harbor, we booked on-line for this trip, sight unseen.We booked a junior suite. The room was slightly bigger than a normal hotel room -in fact in some chains, would be a standard size. The bathroom was smaller than the one in my first apt. 20 + years ago. Small fridge, no microwave, no coffee pot and poor a/c. We stayed one night and asked to be upgraded which we were, to an ocean front room with a great view. Waikiki is very crowded no matter where you stay so be prepared. Breakfast on the beach gets old when you have a million little kids running around and you're trying to put you food in a plastic lunch bag. No alot of variety on the food. Bell service to get our car took forever - the only time it came quickly was when we left at 0600 in the a.m. Starbucks was close along with Wolfgang Puck's takeout type of place. Had a good meal at Tiki's. Very family oriented - LOTS of kids. Not a good value for what we paid and would not stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Waikiki Sneaky between the cheeky We stood at this hotel from Aug 16-23 in oceanfront room 1234. We originally booked a cheaper ocean view room, but after pleading with the check in clerk, she gave us a great deal on an upgrade to an oceanfront, and boy was it worth it. THe regular room that we had booked, had barely any ocean view, no stand on balcony, and it was VERY small. THe ocean front room provided us with panormaic views of the endless ocean, along with added room, and the very comfortable red and white color scheme. It was amazing, we almost wanted to be in our rooms at some points in the evening, where if we stood in the rooms with the green and yellow ocean view, we would have dreded it. I would highly recommend staying in the ocean front rooms only, and would give the hotel a much lower rating (maybe 1 or 2 stars) if I had stood in the other room. The ocean fronts are amazing. Room 1234 was also a corner room which gave us more views, and also added room to move around, it almost felt like a suite. THe staff were very considerate, along with the valet desk. If you are going to hawaii for the first time, rent a car or scooters for a few days and get around hawaii and see all the incredible sites and beaches (sandy beach, mak'apu beach, sharks cove, sunset beach, lanakai beach, manoa falls, waimea park and beach, etc.) So overall I would recoomend staying at aston waikiki beach hotel in a heartbeat, hands down for the ocean front room, however I wouldnt do the same for the partial ocean view room. With the extra money saved by staying at the aston, we were able to do much more in hawaii, and had the best time of our lives!!! EMail me if you have any questions!  
<Date>Aug 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cl
<Content>Over Rated Stayed here in November 2003. Hotel was just ok - view was great (ocean front) Breakfast every morning was the same thing (get's a little boring). Hotel staff were pleasant. Beach is right across the street. Room's were small, you could hear your neighbours noisy kids at 5:00 am playing and running around. We had non-smoking room - people on balcony next door thought it was ok to smoke out there! Waikiki Beach is full of tourists - basically we stayed on the wrong island - if you want peace and quiet DON'T go to Waikiki. Probably would not stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Numbersdiva
<Content>Overall Good Value for the Money We enjoyed our stay, but we always make the best of a situation. I will just list the good and bad (good first);Breakfast was good, lots of choices.Nice view of Diamond Head and the movie screen on the beach.Updated (meaning decor, not renovated really)Nice decor, fun, floralSmall refrigerator in the roomOne Valet and One Front Desk clerk were super!Nice seating options at the pool, nice lounging areas, relaxing.(Bad next):Service (except the two mentioned) terrible- no sense of urgency, slow response times, etc.Room was TINY (we had to upgrade). Two full size beds in a tiny closet of a room (1107) with four people, three over 5'8 tall. It was too small, the bathroom is tiny, can hardly turn around in it!Watch the bartender at Tiki's, they let some blond guy from Iowa charge his drinks to my tab without asking me about it. Considering I had just arrived (with my three kids) it wasn't likely I was buying drinks for some stanger in a bar. He eventually reversed the charges, but seemed surprised that I didn't know the guy.Slow, slow service at the front desk, don't be in a hurry.We called for our luggage (take yours up yourself) and they said five to ten minutes. We waited thirty and it still had not arrived, so after two calls down (and snotty clerks) we just left. The luggage came sometime later while we were at dinner.The pool was small and most always very crowded. My ten year old wouldn't go in due to it being too full.We are the type to always make the best of a situation, so we did. We had an enjoyable stay, it wasn't terrible, but I wouldn't be inclined to stay at that hotel again. However, I was told that many of the hotel rooms are very small, I don't know if this is true.Thanks to Del (valet area) and Kieth (front desk) we were taken care of. The rest of the staff were aloof and didn't really have any concept of customer service.Final note, FOR THE MONEY ($159/nt) and the fact that it's right across the road from the main beach, it's a decent value for a nice location. We found most beach front locations to be much more costly. It is a cute place, they have done some fun things with the decor. There is easy access to food downstairs, Starbucks on the corner, ABC Markets everywhere. Also, if you need services find a good front desk clerk, they helped us find a rental car when we were told none were available at all locations we called.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel We loved the Breakfast on the Beach and the view from our corner room was the best as our veranda faced west to Kalakaua Avenue and Waikiki Beach. We had a beautiful sunset every night. The dining at Tiki's was very good and a good value for lunch or dinner. The decor, elevators and air conditioning were not winners but the rates made up for it. Check out the a/c before accepting your room. I would stay there again. The morning sun is on the zoo side with a view of the zoo and Diamond Head from many rooms.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Be sure to fully understand the hotels room description. I stayed with my eleven-year-old son and twelve-year-old niece at the Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel from July 24th thru August 3, 2004.Be sure to fully understand the hotels room description. A partial ocean view may be a small glimpse of the ocean but a great view of the ally below and into the windows of the neighboring hotel. However, after three attempts the hotel was able to graciously upgrade our partial ocean view to a 'Partial Ocean View鈥?-- a little confusing -- and we were fortunate to leave the ally view behind and have an awesome view of Diamond Head and an excellent partial view of the ocean. Although the advertisement that I read stated that the three and one-half star hotel had recently been renovated, I found our room to more closely represent a two star rating. The room was clean and the furniture and bedding were okay. The carpet appeared old. The air conditioner was okay 鈥?a little drool of water rolling from the unit down the wall from time to time. The bathroom was okay鈥攖oilet needing an extra flush or two sometimes.Prior to my visit I read several reviews complaining about the elevators being too slow. I did not find the elevators to be of any concern. We were on the 25th (top) floor and did experience some instances in the early mornings 鈥?the breakfast rush 鈥?when the elevator stopped frequently at different floors but that seemed normal.And speaking of breakfast鈥攚e thoroughly enjoyed the complementary breakfast that included dry cereal and milk, muffins and bagels with butter and cream cheese, coffee and a variety of fruit juice drinks and much more!The staff and service was great. When we called for extra towels they were immediately delivered still warm and fluffy from the dryer. Security responded promptly to our call when the young ladies in the room next to us partied too hard and got a tad bit too loud and the man across the hall, appearing to be intoxicated and having difficulty standing, repeatedly knocked on several doors trying to find his room. All in all, the Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel is a great family hotel for the price and the excellent beachfront location.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>momwith4boys
<Content>2nd stay and loved it again!! This was our 2nd stay there this year; the first was over New Year and the second was for a week July 7-16. We stayed in both the ocean view and ocean front rooms and the views were just breathtaking. In both instances, the views also have some of the Honolulu skyline so that at night, you can see the beautiful lights when you can't really see the ocean. It was very convenient to cross the street and go to the beach with the towels and chairs they provide. Tiki's restaurant is absolutely gourmet and we ate there so many times trying all the different dishes. Wolfgang Puck Express is downstairs and also very reasonable. Both these are available on the room service menu which makes it about the best room service menu I've seen. We've travelled a lot to resorts in the Caribbean and Mexico, and this is still one of our favorites (we'd like it better if it were all inclusive since we have 4 kids). The breakfast doesn't taste that great, especially the hot items, but usually everyone could find something to fill themselves up (cereal, pastries, fruit, yogurt) so it saved us a lot of money -- the coffee was strong and good. And we could take some things back to the room and put them in the fridge for later which was also a plus. All the employees were very pleasant, especially the valet guys who gave us good ideas on local places to eat. The beach directly across is protected so very safe for little ones, but just a block down the Kapiolani park beach has waves for those who like to boogie board. Also, they show movies on a giant screen every weekend on the beach and lots of people went to watch (we could see it from our room). Ask for a high floor for a better view. For a great and different selection of inexpensive food go to the food court in the Ala Moana shopping center. Our favorite was Yummy's, a Korean chain where we ate Kalbi, the Korean crosscut ribs. Overall, we'd go back to the Aston Waikiki beach hotel again because of the convenient location, awesome views, and Tikis!!!! Feel free to email me with any more questions.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Received Great service We had booked the Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel for 3 nights with partial ocean view. We had two rooms with 7 people. When we arrived at the front desk we were told that they were sorry but they had overbooked the hotel. Well, as you can imagine, after just arriving for our long awaited vacation, that this was not welcome news! But Glen, the deskman was very good at his job and turned our frowns upside down. He said that they had 4 high school bands staying there so they had already arranged for us to stay at the Marriott Beach Resort  Spa next door. Not realizing right off what a nice resort the Marriott was, I told him that we specifically booked the Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel because of the breakfast on the beach and the free stuff for the kids. Glen said we would still be welcome to the breakfast on the beach every morning. He gave us the soft sided coolers for breakfast and he gave us the Astonishing Deals Kids cards and the backpack with stuff in it for the kids. Our luggage was being sent directly to the hotel separate from us from the airport and we were worried about it finding its way to us now that we were going to be in a different hotel. Glen assured us that we would get our luggage without any problems. We walked over to the Marriott which ended up to be a huge upgrade! Both of our rooms were ocean view and one of them was a corner room with two balconies. It was like a mini suite. Our luggage did arrive without any problems. We also had a friend send us a fruit basket to the Aston and that was forwarded to us at the Marriott as well. About 30 minutes after our luggage and fruit basket arrived we received a phone call from the Aston checking to make sure that we did receive them. I was very impressed! When we walked over to the Aston in the morning for breakfast the man at the entrance asked if we had been relocated to the Marriott (I don鈥檛 know how he knew. Maybe because we looked more like a family on vacation and not a high school band member). We said yes and he told us to go right on in. Before we left he told us that they offer towels and beach chairs for guest use and if we needed any during our stay to come on over and get them. He also gave us his card just in case there were any questions. The breakfast on the beach was a good deal I thought. No, it is not a buffet like others but remember that you don鈥檛 pay extra for it. It is included with your room at no extra charge. They have a good variety and you can take as much as you want. I do recommend eating there by the pool on one of the tables for Tiki鈥檚 because it is difficult to eat at the beach. We did eat at Tiki鈥檚 for lunch and loved it. The hostess and waiter were really good! It is a very fun atmosphere. It really gets you into the Hawaiian spirit. The kid鈥檚 meals come with a souvenir tiki cup and is served on a souvenir Frisbee. We did use the services of the Pleasant Holidays desk at the Aston and they were very helpful. We also used the services of the VacationPix desk there at the Aston. You can take your digital camera chip there and they will download your pictures onto a disk so that you can erase your chip to take more pictures. I have to say that all of the employees that I came in contact with at the Aston Waikiki Beach hotel were awesome! They defiantly helped to make our vacation stress free and wonderful. I also commend them on taking a bad situation (overbooking) and turning it into a very good thing! It is obvious that management and the employees over there know what they are doing when it comes to customer service. Great Job Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel!!  
<Date>Jul 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SunsetSusie
<Content>Rude Rude Staff!! My daughter was married in Oahu last October 30th-she had called and made reservations for the hotel explaining she was staying with her parents in another hotel and would like to check in early on her wedding day-she was reassured this would not be a problem-she called again upon arrival in Waikiki and was once again reassured it would be fine-to make a long story short this did not happen-when she called the day of her wedding the staff on the phone were rude and said the room was not ready-after many hours she and I-her Mom-went over and once again just rudeness-I went back an hour or so later-two hours before the ceremony and sat and listened to the staff laughing about this situation-they of course did not see me until I sat up and asked to speak to the manager-Low and Behold her room was ready right there and then! I have never seen such rude,unfeeling staff anywhere-The rooms are kitchy but cute-which was bittersweet the way she was treated!!! I think it would have been better if she would have been advised to have gotten the room the night before but it was the reservationist who insisted it looked like there were plenty of rooms and that it should be fine.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyed my stay-wish I was still there! Stayed July 1-9, Wonderful Stay! I'm not a picky person, knew I wasn't staying @ the Ritz  wasn't expecting that type accomodations. Upon arrival the front desk was very helpful, got me in my room  bags brought up quickly. After a flight delay of 7 hours, that was greatly appreciated. All staff was very mannered, cheerful  helpful. Yes, the rooms were small, so what? I spent as little time in my room as possible! Complaints about the pool? No! Why would I spend all of my time at a pool when I'm at the most beautiful beaches in the world? I found the breakfast on the beach a wonderful plus, eating poolside listening to the wonderful live performers play  watching the hula dancer was very relaxing, or eating breakfast on the beach before the crowd set in! It was very convenient to pack and take with you when you had an early excursion planned. The location was wonderful, being on the corner, you could cross the street at the light and be on the beach in steps! It was also down out of the crazy fray of the strip, but not TOO far out of the way, still convenient to lots of attractions.The ONLY complaints I had about this hotel were: 1) the bathroom counterspace was small. 2) the hallways to the rooms were pretty drab compared to the rest of the brightly decorated hotel. When you step off the elevator, it kinda catches you by surprise the first time.3) The bathtub wasn't wiped out as often as I would have liked, but the rest of the bathroom and room was picked up nicely, and in a timely fashion.None of the above complaints were big enough to ruin or even put a damper on my vacation, I just thought I would warn you REALLY picky tourists out there!Two other notes (which were not complaints of mine, but may be for some people):1) If you are kid phobic, do not stay here. It is a pretty even mix of singles and families, but if kids annoy you or you prefer a more mature setting, stay somewhere else.2) If you are a light sleeper, don't get a room over restaurant/bar. The music might keep you up. I was usually exhausted after my daily adventures, and slept like a log, so this did not bother me, even though I was on the first floor over the pool.Anyways, ALHOA! Have a great stay! I really enjoyed this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not for adults without kids We have just returned from 10 days at the Aston and overall were disappointed. The hotel is focussed on families and for adults is really is not comparable to other less expensive 3 or 4 star hotels with similar views.On the positive, we had an Oceanfront room which was great and better than many of the 'on the beach' hotels I have stayed at previously. The pool area could be improved with some greenery and shade umbrellas - you can easily get very sunburnt from the reflection off the bare concrete. I found the breakfast very average with the selection being limited and not to the standard of buffet style offered elsewhere. Would suggest that the hotel make breakfast an optional extra in the tariff and open up the Tiki restaurant for full service for those who do not want small pre-packaged breakfast items. The room cleaning service is not great - on more than one occasion our room was serviced after 3pm. It looked like that area was under resourced. Also, the bell staff downstairs do not offer to assist with taking bags from the bus (which let you off on the street) up to the hotel or the room so we were left to struggle with our bags from the footpath up the hotel driveway and escalators whilst the bell staff watched. Not great if you have a lot of luggage or are elderly. Also, the bell staff broke the handle off my luggage whilst storing on the last day and did not offer any apology at all. He just shrugged his shoulders and said accidents happen. Finally, we also had a late evening flight and were told that there was no hospitality room . We were told to shower at the airport. We were also told that if we wanted a late checkout (which was not available) it would be an additional $100 and then was only to 6pm.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bad AC Unit My wife and I returned from a trip to Oahu a couple days ago, having stayed at the Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel.I was very disappointed in the fact that we were allocated to a room (620) with an AC which could not be adjusted. I complained to the front desk and maintanance was sent up, but could not repair it. we were promised another room which on inspection I found unsatisfactory; so maintanance promised to fix the problem the next day. This never happened and so we spent five nights in a room where I had to manually turn the AC on and off, depending on the temperature.Without going into further details, we found this situation totally disappointing (putting it mildly). I feel that this room should never have been offered to a guest, since I am convinced that the problem was known to maintenance and possibly to management as well. This really put a damper on our holiday, which was otherwise exceptional.Under these circumstances we would hesitate to recommend this hotel to any acquaintance of ours.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location We stayed at the Aston from June 27-July 3 and found it to be a good deal and a great location. I found the breakfast on the beach to be fun and very accomodating--good food choices and plenty to eat. The hotel has beach towels and beach chairs that you can check out daily. The Aston is one of the few hotels on Waikiki Beach without an interrupted view of the ocean. There is no property in front of the hotel so you can easily view the sea. We were upgraded for no additional cost to a full oceanview room, which was well worth it. The views are stunning. I liked the little balconies. I spent my mornings with the newspaper, watching the waves roll in. It was quite peaceful. The hotel restaurants are good--Wolfgang Puck Express, Cold Stone and Tikis Bar and Grill. Tikis has live music and has a spirited environment. Also, several free trolleys and cheap trolleys ($2 per person) make their stops at the Aston. There is an Expedia person in the hotel lobby to help you book your day trips. I didn't pay for a five star hotel, so I didn't expect to stay in one. However, I was very pleased with the service, the pool, the environs and the aloha spirit. I would stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2004
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jaynesop
<Content>Great View, Great Hotel! Stayed here July 1-9 and loved this hotel! We go to Hawaii about every 2 years and when we stay in Waikiki, we try and stay on the Diamond Head end to avoid all the congestion. We've stayed at several other hotels in that area, Queen Kapiloani, Grand Hotel, Pacific Beach Hotel and this was our favorite! The view was great, the pool was great, and a free breakfast was super. The room was consistent with other places we've stayed and our 7 year old loved the closet decor (we draped the beads over the closet rack and had no trouble with them). The Bathroom was newly remodeled and had a great showerhead.It was easy to get towels and beach chairs to take to Waikiki Beach or on a drive to another beach. The staff was very courteous and our room was cleaned exceptionally well and early. We were originally given a room that had not been cleaned when we arrived at 9PM the first night and were upgraded to an OceanView room on the 21st floor. It was a joy to wake up early and watch the surfers at Waikiki. All the shuttles had this hotel as one of their main stops so it was easy to get places. We rented a car for a few days and didn't want to use the Valet parking. We parked right on the street in front of the hotel every night and didn't have to move the car early on Sunday or Monday because of the July 4th holiday and free parking. We would definitely stay here again and we wouldn't say that about the other hotels we've stayed at in Waikiki.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Keystone_Cruiser
<Content>Enjoyed our stay at the Aston and the great views We stayed at the Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel from July 2-5. It was a very pleasant stay. I will agree that the elevators are the number 1 area that needs improvement. They are extremely slow and there are not enough of them for the size of hotel it is. We had two balcony rooms on the sixth floor overlooking the pool area. They were very nice as they afforded us wonderful views of Waikiki, downtown Honolulu and the sunset over the western Ohau mountains. Since it was July 4th on Sunday of our stay, we got to see fireworks! From our balcony, we were treated to both the Pearl Harbor fireworks display in the distance and then the Ala Moana Shopping Center display closer to us. Very nice! The only problem with these rooms are that they are right above the bar area and they have live performances until midnight. The music though was actually soothing and helped put us to sleep since it was not rock, but Hawaiian. The newly renovated pool area is wonderful and the fact that you are right across the street from Waikiki beach is nice also. An added plus is that you can sign beach towels and beach chairs out for your use on the beach. I found the desk clerks to be helpful. I have to agree that room cleaning times leave something to be desired. We went on a tour at 6:30 a.m. and returned at 1:00 p.m. to find that our room had not yet been cleaned. She then came about an hour later and we had to vacate the room so that she could clean. The restaurant, Tiki's, is very nice and reasonably priced for Waikiki. There are some nice shops on the ground level and the hotel location lends itself to great additional shopping in the area. It is also close to the Honolulu Zoo, Diamond Head and the park. The Waikiki Movies on the Beach take place on the beach right across from the hotel and the shuttle to the Ala Moana Shopping Mall has a pick-up station right in front of the hotel. The hotel, like many in Waikiki, is older and the hall and room carpets are worn, but they do the best they can. The floor looked swept and the bathroom was clean and we got fresh towels each day. The large balconies are wonderful. The only other negative that I want to point out is the bus pick-up area. Many tour busses and trolley's use the street just to the west of the hotel for pick-ups and drop offs. This can create quite a back-up on the street. It also creates havoc as you try to find your bus amongst a sea of similar looking vehicles. Perhaps a bus attendent could be stationed out there to either direct bus traffic OR at least keep track of what busses are out there to help direct people. There are also about a half dozen parking spaces on the street next to the hotel, perhaps those could be eliminated and that area used for additional bus or trolley stopping/loading areas. We stayed at the Radisson Prince Kuhio the last time we were in Waikiki and enjoyed it too, but the Aston Waikiki Beach is now our first choice if we go back!  
<Date>Jul 12, 2004
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>autumns1stangel
<Content>What a great place!!! Stayed June 30 - July 6 I just returned from the Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel and had a lovely time there. My two teenage sons and I came from upstate NY and were more than happy with the accomodations at the Aston.The Breakfast on the Beach is absolutely fantastic! The offerings appeal to all tastes and the soft morning music offered is quite pleasant.We have traveled quite extensively throughout the continental US and the Caribbean and quite frankly I don't understand the complaints about the size of the rooms on this website - they were no smaller than I have experienced anywhere else and were quite adequate. We had an ocean front room on the 14th floor - what a gorgeous view. I also didn't have a problem with the beaded closet door - it wasn't bad - actually much better than the ugly mirrored thing that keeps jumping the track that you usually get in other hotel rooms.The staff at Tiki's is beyond compare. They were accomodating and went above and beyond at every turn. The food was exceptional. Things within walking distance from this hotel are numerous! The Honolulu Zoo - the Waikiki Aquarium, the beach across the street, many shopping opportunities.Be sure not to miss the Cheesecake Factory - only about 10 minutes walk away - what an unbelievable menu! We had a fabulous time and I would recommend this hotel and vacation to anyone!Enjoy!!!!!  
<Date>Jul 10, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a wonderful experience Stayed at the hotel June 24 - June 28. Was more than pleased. We upgraded our room to a suite and had a King bed, a Queen fold out and a single bed. Plenty of room, great service. The room was cleaned every day and we had a great view. The free breakfast was okay, nothing spectacular but there is a Denny's right around the corner and other restaurants just down the street. We were about 7 floors above the nightclub but it never kept us from getting to sleep. The staff was great and the elevators were reasonable considering how crowded the hotel was. The worst of it was the parking. At times, it took 30 - 45 minutes to get the car, but part of that is because of the one-way streets and construction going on. Since we were at the end of the strip, getting out of Waikiki was a breeze, but getting back in a little difficult. We thouroughly enjoyed our stay and wouldn't hesitate to stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great place to stay for young adults and families with young children The Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel is a very nice place to stay for young adults and families. The daily Breakfast on the Beach was a real money saver, however, after the first 3-4 days, you are craving a different cuisine. The location was adequate. The view from our partial ocean view room was breathtaking. Staff was cordial and attentive. Our room was very small but we did not spend a lot of time there except to sleep, shower and dress. Would definetely recommend as a nice place to stay.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sooooo disappointed!!!!!! We were so excited to be able to go to Hawaii at all, and got such a great deal on the flight and hotel through Expedia, that we didnt even care if things were perfect- I had read the crappy reviews for the Aston Waikiki Beach, but booked anyways for the above reasons. Everything was great at a glance, from the outside the hotel had lots of personality, was very clean, and was in an awesome location- just across from the beach front. But I cannot even BEGIN to tell you how AWEFUL the service was!! We had a new problem every day- for example, they wouldnt upgrade us like they said they would in there website(we were on our honeymoon), they gave us a room with two seperate twin beds instead of the king size bed we specifically requested, the room was TINY and very basic, room service didnt clean our room until AFTER 5pm almost every day-if they cleaned it at all without us calling and begging- the front desk was rude and incompetent on several occassions, they ignored our Do Not Disturb sign, they forgot towels in the room on more than one occassion, the elevators were UNBELIEVABLE-incredibly slow and often not working at all, they overcharged us for our room services by almost $60 bucks- and our complaints about all this meant NOTHING. On the bright side, the location is great, the restaurants in the hotel are nice, and the breakfast is free- but really nasty! I could go on.... but to keep it short, I highly recommend Waikiki Beach, but STRONGLY recommend that you find a different hotel- there are tons others on the same strip with better service!!  
<Date>Jun 21, 2004
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Room With a View We just returned from a 7 night, 8 day stay at the Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel. We had a wonderful time. The view from our 16th floor oceanview room was fantastic! The room, 1 king bed, seemed small upon arrival, but after reviewing the time that we spent in the room, the room was just fine. The service we received was great and very friendly. Breakfast every morning was an added benefit! The concierge was very helpful in finding out of the way places to visit/dine. The hotel is at the end of the strip, but if you don't mind a bit of walking, it is well worth it! The views of the ocean, beach and Diamond Head are well worth it!   
<Date>Jun 20, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice place - June 6-9, 2004 Just returned from a 4 day, 3 night stay at the Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel. Is the closest highrise hotel to Diamond Head crater. Upon arrival, we were asked if we were interested in upgrading to partial ocean view for an extra $30/night; was orginally booked a Diamond Head partial view which as it turned out was a good move for us---the partial Diamond Head view was most blocked by another smaller highwise hotel except for a few rooms. So the extra $90 view was worth it for us. Could see all of Waikiki Beach from our lanai---great view by the way!!. While the accommodations were good, the room we had was fairly small---had two double beds, small bathroom, and a lanai large enough for two chairs. We were near the beach and the main thoroughfare, so traffic noise and music from nearby restaurants carried on past midnight most nights. Also, we were on the 24th floor of the hotel---at night, one could hear the wind howling at times in the room. Were near a few restaurants but had to take taxi to some places to eat. Guest services and staff were all very friendly, the typical aloha spirt. Overall, a thumbs up for this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>So, so at the Aston Waikiki Beach During our trip to Waikiki last week, we stayed at the Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel. The desk service was great, the valet service was great, but the cleanliness of the rooms was to be desired. The room was clean enough when we arrived, but after that first day, the most they did was make our beds and wipe the tub, toilet and sink. We never received enough towels, they didn't replace used toiletries, didn't vacuum or sweep, didn't replace used glassware and didn't change the sheets. Maybe you have to ask for these things if you stay more than one night?! I have stayed in other hotels and they don't require you to ask for these things. We also stayed on the side where the pool and Tiki's Restaurant and Bar was and it was noisy until 2:00 a.m. each morning (band/soloist played until 11:00 p.m. or so and the patrons would be laughing, shouting and generally acting like drunk people until 2:00), then each morning, sometime between 6:30 and 7:00 a.m., there would be a band/soloist, playing music to serenade breakfast eaters! A real problem for those who wanted to sleep.They did have a really nice breakfast included in the stay (Breakfast on the Beach or BOB), in which you get a lunch bag (zippered, square, insulated, with hotel name on it, to keep as a keepsake after your stay) to take out to the pool area, where there are several carts full of breakfast foods (several types of egg sandwiches, quiches, hash browns, Japanese breakfast foods, yogurt, fresh fruit, coffee cake, cinnamon rolls (homemade and fresh!), cereal, muffins, bagels, juice, coffee, colas, milk, etc.) from which you can take all you want and eat where ever you want. That was the best amenity by far!Parking is VERY SCARCE in Waikiki and most hotels have only valet parking. The Aston Waikiki Beach has only valet parking and when we went, the cost to park was $13 per day (you can go in and out for that price).Hotel is on the beach (actually across the street, but not a problem) and at a very hot area on the beach. They have Movies on the Beach on Friday, Saturday and Sunday nights, right across the street. There is a nice boardwalk and sitting area across the street and there is a reef to snorkel in and a surfing area in the water directly across the street. Nice area, just wish the hotel was a little better, especially for the price. There is lots to do within walking distance, so walk when you can!  
<Date>Jun 8, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>My Honest Opinion of the AWBH Most of the average/below average reviews are accurate on this hotel. I will hold nothing back in my review. The PROS about the Aston Wakiki Beach Hotel (AWBH):It is in a great location at the end of the Waikiki beach strip, so overcrowding was not a problem. You can come and go to the beach as you please with no hassle. It is located atop a Starbucks, Wolfgang Pucks, and Cold Stone Creamery...definitely a plus. If you don't want to pay $13 a day for hotel parking, you can park at the zoo which is only half a block away from the hotel. There is metered parking for 25 cents an hour. The all-you-can-eat breakfast bar helped us save money on breakfast. Every morning they have fresh fruit, coffee, juice, as well as a variety of other foods such as soba noodle salad, miso soup, and sausage biscuits. We stocked up on fresh fruit, cereal, and cinnamin rolls every day. Tiki's Bar  Grill is located by the pool and it has a very festive atmosphere. Every day after 3pm there is a good live band that plays oldies and other popular songs. When you are lying on the beach and relaxing, you can hear the band several yards away and it is very refreshing. The staff was courteous and helpful.Now, the CONS about the AWBH:We stayed in the renovated section of the hotel with a partial ocean-view. The hotel room is average, if not below average. It is large enough to accomodate two full-size beds and a bureau. There is almost no balcony space on the side we were at. It wasn't even large enough to place a single chair out there to sit and relax. Instead of a regular closet door to store your bags, they use a cheap  tacky beaded curtain. The ironing board had stains on it. The mini-fridge looked about 15 years old and wasn't even stocked. The lobbies smelled of smoke and it doesn't take a professional eye to see that the carpet and wall decor was not part of the 30 million dollar renovation. The most disappointing part of the hotel room was the bathroom. It was clearly not part of the renovation as the walls were kept in their oiriginal beige paint color. You get fresh towels and some cheap shampoo every day. But no cup to rinse, no shower cap, no shower gel. The bathroom was so small and cramped that if one person takes a shower, they can't help but get the WHOLE bathroom wet and damp. Nothing luxurious about that. We are not picky people, but the hotel room had nothing to offer except a clean bed every night. It propelled us to spend very little time than necessary in our room. When I wanted to take naps, I opted to take them on the beach to avoid the dinginess of our hotel room. I will not stay here again, because I know there are better hotels to stay at. I realized that spending a couple hundred extra dollars makes a big difference in quality. Even though the hotel supposedly spent 30 million dollars in renovations, you can tell that they cut corners and cheated us out of quality and comfort.  
<Date>May 28, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CompleteF1
<Content>Brilliant Location Excellent Hotel, in a great location, right at the end of Waikiki overlooking the beach.Stayed 18th to 25th May 2004, the pool area is now fully open again.  
<Date>May 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location!!!! My husband and I stayed from May 14-19, 2004 at this hotel and it was great! This hotel had more than we expected. The Wolfgang Puck's and Coldstone's were right underneath the hotel. We visited those locations multiple times. The beach is right across the street and they offer weekend events on that section of the beach. No need to walk a couple of blocks, it's right there! For those of you needing your Starbucks, there is a Starbucks located on the same block as the hotel. Just keep walking past Coldstone's and the ABC store and it's right there on the corner. Just a block or two up the street is the Waikiki Aquarium. Great place to visit if you like sea animals and it's cheap. If you are a student from any college or high school, make sure you bring your school ID. It's only 5 bucks to get in. We had read in another tripadvisor comment, that the elevators took forever, well, on our trip they were fast and prompt. There are five elevators to take you to your floor. We didn't eat at Tiki's because there was a LONG wait to get in. I would suggest that you make reservations ahead since that is a happening place at night. The breakfast buffet was great but my husband didn't like the warm breakfast (hashbrowns too greasy and the egg biscuit/bagel/muffin[it changes daily] felt like he was eating foam eggs). The fresh fruit and cold cereal was perfect (If you drink skim milk, you are out of luck, they only have 2% milk) as well as the bakery goods. If you like miso soup, that's also available too. The best part of the breakfast was having the opportunity to walk across the street and sit on the sand or beach table to eat your breakfast. The last morning we were there, the pool finally OPENED. The view from the pool to the beach is awesome. Don't miss an opportunity to eat breakfast poolside. The service was excellent and the rooms were clean. We were on the 24th floor and our room had a front door view of Diamondhead and our window had a partial ocean view. Decent sized room and the bed was comfy too. I would definately recommend this hotel and would stay there again. Aloha!!!  
<Date>May 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a Blast!! We stayed at Aston May 8-12, 2004 and just had a blast. The pool was closed for reconstruction but, we didn't go for the pool we went for the beach!! Which by the way is right across the street. Oh, and the street is not very busy, the crossing lights change every couple minutes. The entire staff was so nice and so helpful! I wanted to comment on the valet parking staff, they went above and beyond thier duty. We asked a couple times for driving directions and they pulled out a local map and drew us detailed directions!! Thank you all for a wonderful time..we hope to visit you again soon!  
<Date>May 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful experience My husband and I and our two children stayed at this wonderful hotel April 30th  May 1st. We were only on Ohau for 2 nights. We had a partial ocean view on the 19th floor that was better than we excepted. The staff was incredibly friendly and helpful. Those who have stated the room is too small, have issues. The room was average and very clean. The location is great as is the Tiki Grill. The Tiki Grill had great prices as well. We highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>May 12, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good, fun, mid-price hotel My travel agent booked this hotel for me on a business trip in Feb 04 when my first hotel was unsatisfactory. I was told it had just had a $30M remodel. I was very happy with the hotel. The location right beside Waikiki beach is good and the hotel is really geared for vacationers. It was then full of young people on school trips. The inclusive poolside breakfast buffet is good quality. The on-site restaurants were better than expected. The parking valets and bellhops really hustled to help and all the other staff great. The only downside is the hotel laundromat which they forgot to remodel and is a dump but I guess few guests are there long enough to want to do laundry.  
<Date>May 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great for families We stayed from 4/18 to 4/24. After waiting several hours for our room to be ready because of a communication snafu, we were very pleased with our 19th floor ocean front room. What a fantastic view! We loved the across the street access to the beach, as well as that it was the last hotel on the strip so we didn't see too much traffic. The hotel was comfortable, affordable, the staff was helpful. We enjoyed the breakfast buffet every morning, something for everyone. We loved being able to get beach chairs and towels and walk across to the beach and have breakfast. The hotel restaurant, Tiki's, had excellant food, pricey but worth it! Wolfgang Puck's and Cold Stone Ice Cream downstairs very convenient! The pool was being worked on while we were there, but the beach was close so it didn't matter, and the water was warmer!  
<Date>May 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>About a grade C We have stayed nicer places, but since I don't know what the travel agent paid for this room it may not have been a bad deal. Breakfast was a plus, convenient and quick. We were there April 18, as was a triathalon. We had to drag our luggage a LONG block to another hotel for shuttle bus pick up to cruise ship. No one at front desk would make any other arrangements. Paid full price for two luaus. Only now that I am reading other reviews do I see that we should have been offered 2 for l deal.   
<Date>May 4, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a wonderful stay! My boyfriend  I visited from 4/18-4/25 and we stayed at the Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel. Being that this was our first trip there and we researched the hotel, and by reading the reviews I was concern as to what our stay would've been. Well, all was great. We were aware the pool would be under construction during our visit so our package came with the partial ocean view room and we requested a king size bed so therefore when we checked in the lady at the desk upgrade for free us to a ocean front room with 2 full size beds cause the pools were under construction. So, it worked out fine and I had a great time and the people there were friendly. The location was great. Their complimentary breakfast on the beach was also good it saved us money from having to go out and eat every morning. So, I would stay at this hotel again if I visited anytime soon.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>excellent location and innovative attitude I stayed at the Aston Waikiki Beach hotel in late March 2004, after extensive research of area hotels. My goal was to find a reasonably priced, beach-adjacent or beachfront hotel on the quieter, greener Diamond Head side of Waikiki. Not only did the Aston fulfill these requirements of good location and value (my room was less than $150/night), but it also renewed my interest in this particular chain, which has innovatively pointed the way for other Waikiki hotels. For starters, the colorful, slightly kitschy rooms reflect a fun, young sensibility that鈥檚 a welcome alternative to the boxy, beiged-out rooms in every other local mid-priced hotel. Moreover, the informal Tiki鈥檚 restaurant is affordably priced, offering a good selection of casual food and drinks, with live music around the clock (which might be a problem if you don鈥檛 like the music). While the pool is relatively small, the hotel is next to the best beaches in Waikiki, and there鈥檚 always some weekend fair at adjacent Kapiolani park. General Manager Mark DeMello is accessible and responsive, and allayed my concerns about smoky-smelling rooms (complaints I鈥檇 read about online), making sure my registration process went smoothly. Of course, the signature feature of this hotel well may be its 鈥渂reakfast-on-the-beach鈥?program, for which guests fill up collapsible containers with various breakfast items arranged in a buffet at poolside. It鈥檚 not gourmet food, but it鈥檚 tasty, filling, and allows one to eat on the go. It鈥檚 hard to believe that other hotels haven鈥檛 already copied this idea. Overall, this hotel has the right combination of fun, casual style, excellent location, and exceptional value; I definitely plan to stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Second visit there... I visited Waikiki from April 3-10/2004 and stayed at the Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel for the second time in 3 years. My first visit was before the renovations, the hotel was quiet and in need of renovations but considering the great location, the convenience of tour pickups, I thought I would give it another try. The hotel was extremely busy with tours and High School Bands, waiting for the elevator took sometimes half an hour in the morning, they would be completely full by the time they got to our floor. The breakfast on the beach was a nice touch, but after a few days you are tired of the food. I found the hotel staff friendly, no problems with anything, rooms were clean, we got what we wanted 2 double beds non-smoking, partial ocean view. It was booked 4 months before through expedia, and I confirmed the reservations on the phone days before arriving to be sure it was correct, everything was ready when we arrived after the long flight. I would recommend this hotel for those who don't expect the Four Seasons, ( the **** rating)...but those who are there to enjoy Oahu and not the hotel rooms.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel If you're looking for a fun place, this is it. We arrived at the hotel a few hours before check-in time and was told that our partial ocean-view room wasn't ready. However, the staff at the front desk gave us a free upgrade to an Oceanfront room at no additional cost! The view from the lanai was great, across the street was the beach! The decor of the rooms and the hotel were retro-cool. I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tc3trainer
<Content>Go somewhere else Stayed at the hotel April 8-13, mediocre experience. Nice valet car parkers, grumpy front desk guy. Paid $150 to upgrade from partial ocean to full ocean view, although some people seemed to get free upgrades. $15/ day to park your car, another $3/ day to use the safe. Free breakfast each day was a nice plus. Sometimes, a guy plays the ukelele with a hula dancer by the pool while you are eating. Tiki restaurant food is way overpriced. A small piece of salmon atop something that looked like purple vomit was $20. Room and bathroom was very small and you are only given 2 towels for 4 people. The elevators are painfully slow, we waited 15+ minutes each time. Beach is fairly close, although you have to cross a busy street to get there. Pool is tiny compared to other nearby hotels. 2 for 1 luau is $63 and not near the beach. Would not stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>had a okay time My husband and I stayed at this hotel from march 8 to march 13 2004. I picked this hotel because of it's location and decor. We had a okay time, staff very friendly. Granted hotel was crowded but it was spring break for a lot of students. We did not eat at any resturants in close range so I can not comment on them. Instead we at at Alan Wongs Resturant three times (YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED). The only down side it that as you go up to your room the hall hallways kept a strange smell. ADVISE TO HOTEL: AIR FRESHNER.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Clean room, good service, good b'fast I read the reviews on tripadvisor and decided to stay at Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel. Despite the negative comments, I found the place to be great for the price. Our room was clean, the bathroom clean, and the service great. We really enjoyed the free b'fast, as there was something that everyone would eat. We could fill our bag and take it back to the room to eat, or take it with us. We stayed in room 524, and there was no room noise. When you stood on the balcony, you could even look to the right and see the beach and ocean! The parking attendants were very helpful and polite, especially one that always put a smile on your face. The only negative would be waiting on the elevators. When everyone are using the elevator first thing in the morning, the wait was awful at times. Overall, I would DEFINITELY stay here when we come back!  
<Date>Apr 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Absolute Best!!! My boyfriend and stayed at the Aston Waikiki Beach March 29th through April 3rd of 2004. Our stay was AWESOME!! The staff is just wonderful (I forgot some clothes in the closet and they are mailing them to me!), the view was breathtaking (room 1834 has a COMPLETE ocean view!), and the Breakfast on the Beach was fantastic (both hot and cold foods were offered from cereal to breakfast sandwiches and hashbrowns!). We have nothing but great things to say about this property. I was lucky enough to receive this vacation as a perk (I'm a travel agent) and I will be sure to recommend this property to vacationers of every kind!!  Aston Waikiki Beach is close to everything! The zoo is located on the next block and of course the beach is right across the street! There are plenty of dining facilities at the hotel and within a few blocks. All in all, the Aston family made our stay so wonderful we are truly grateful!!  
<Date>Apr 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome hotel We swicthed to this hotel after spending a night at another hotel, which turned out to be a horrible dump.We were extremely pleased with the Aston Waikiki Beach hotel. We got a walk-in rate of 119 dollars for a large room facing Diamond Head. Although, the view to the ocean was limited we were not bothered by the music coming from the pool (where a band played every day and night) as the pool was on the other side of the hotel. I don't think the noise would have been a problem anyway, since the bands stop playing early in the evening and the pool closed at 9PM.The room was large and clean. The size of the bathroom was good. The room was cleaned every day, towels were also replaced daily. The breakfast included in the room rate was a nice bonus. The breakfast was okay, nothing fancy but still enough variety.For the money we paid for the room, you could not ask for a better location. The beach is just across the street. Also, the hotel is at the east end of Waikiki, which made it a less noisy place to sleep. The beach across the street was never full either although it was the spring break week.Overall, we were very pleased with the hotel. We would definitely stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>fantastic Just back back from a wonderful trip to Oahu. After reading the reviews I was terrified of the Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel but contrary to some of the reviews I could not find one thing wrong with the hotel! The location was absolutly the best, the staff were very friendly and the Breakfast on the Beach program saved a bundle of money. Breakfast was ready every morning at 6:30 am and the Kona Coffee is the best. I would stay at the Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel in an instant, again!  
<Date>Mar 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelcj
<Content>Nice hotel but noisy Overall, I was pleased during my stay Mar 14-20, 2004. Our room was a partial ocean view on the 12th floor, with a beautiful view overlooking the ocean. I enjoyed the Breakfast on the Beach, food was good and lots of choices. The staff was friendly, and the location is good. But rooms are a bit small, especially the bathroom. In addition, there was a band every night until 11-12pm and then again at 8am in the morning. Very noisy due to this on the 12th floor. Maybe not so bad if you are higher up. Despite some of the negatives, I would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Ralph1955
<Content>Hip Hawaiiana This is a great hotel if you are looking for a young Hawaiian atmosphere for your vacation. Yes there are crowds of kids on spring break, but people watching is the most fun activity. We sat on our balcony for hours watching the surfers, vacationers, locals and tourists meander the streets. We even got to see filming of a Hollywood car chase scene, right from our balcony. Incredible ocean views. Rooms are fun and funky, with nostalgic twists, such as hula girl beaded curtains, tiki furniture, hibiscus print beds and canopies, etc. The Tiki Bar is a fun place to hang out. At night, when they light the tiki torches, Waikiki becomes a totally different place. Great place to get in touch with the primal side of yourself!  
<Date>Mar 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a pit! We got 2 twin beds rather than a king bed as specified when we made our reservations (done over the phone directly with the hotel many weeks in advance). Our room overlooked the pool area and a band played until at least midnight - which was 4 AM to us. The elevators did not work properly and one skipped our floor a few times even though the button was selected. We had a discussion with others in the elevator who reported similar experiences. The breakfast cooler was a cute idea, but the food was bad. Cold cereal was the only thing that tasted OK. We had such a bad time that we cancelled our remaining reservation there and moved to another hotel.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good for Families The location of this property made up for its shortcomings. A short walk to wonderful Kapiolani Park (neat little zoo) and right across the street from a quiet section of the beach, we were happy to be removed a bit from the crowds, yet close enough to walk up to the action. It's definitely an urban environment, which was an interesting change from the outer islands we usually visit. That said, the older Makua Tower looked pretty seedy and I would avoid it.The main part of the hotel was fine, nothing fancy, 2-3 stars, which was all we expected. We found the new decor cute, and our little girls (3  6) loved the green surfboards in the open air lobby . Our ocean view room had a K bed and a fold-out couch for the kids. The view was 90degrees of beach/ocean and 90degrees Marriott across the street, but we did have two balconies with chairs and small tables. Clearly much of the remodel $$ went toward non-sexy costs such as safety retrofits. (Which I appreciated as I watched a toddler across the way fitting his head between the balcony rails a the Marriott.) It's too bad that more couldn't have been spent on the Aston's small grungy bathrooms, that's really my biggest complaint. All the staff we encountered were friendly and helpful. The breakfast was very convienent as it allowed us to have our usual cereal and start the day without the hassle of a sit-down restaurant, but the hot foods weren't very appealing. So know going in, your money is getting you a moderate hotel with a tiny pool and a great location. It's downtown and it's noisy. This is not a peaceful paradise retreat, but a great base of operations for a busy family on the go.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>DBish
<Content>Location, Location, Location! Stayed here 12/28/03-12/31/03 on our stay to Oahu. The location was great, there is a Denny's around the corner for our East coast jet-lat (a must for getting up at 2AM our first night there!). Staff was helpful and friendly. This place is in walking distance to everything. We were upgraded to an full-ocean view room with a lanai. The sunset from our balcony was goregous. The view of Diamond Head from the property was great too. Only negative thing to say was the hotel was packed, we were near the elevator shaft, and we heard it all night. The Breakfast on the Beach that is offered is awesome! It is a time and a money saver. We will definitely stay again when we go back to Hawaii.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Ocean Front room, hated the Mauka Tower Having booked a room at the Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel, we were surprised to find that we were actually staying in a building called the Mauka tower behing the main complex. Needless to stay, this building hasn't received any of the $30 million refurbishment money although is still sold as part of the 4 star accommodation. We upgraded immediately for a reasonable price to the main hotel and were very happy with our ocean front room. Be very wary which part of the hotel you are booking a room in and stay well clear of the Mauka tower unless you enjoy a Stalingrad experience.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved It My husband and I checked in on February 11, 2004. We were not intially in a ocean front room, but upgraded to a full ocean front room--double beds, which was fine. We paid $40 extra per night. This was a huge bargain, we were on the 17th floor with a beautiful view. I will decline to say what the total cost of the room was for fear of completely outraging some people, but it was very reasonable. Our entire experience with the Aston Waikiki was awesome! We loved the breakfast and the entire staff was very friendly and helpful. The valet service was very helpful, we really appreciated all the guys asking us were we were going and if we needed directions or if we had a good time and so on and so forth. We even made it through the cheerleader convention when the hotel was taken over by cheerleaders on Feb 12-15. I just have to say that I did stay at this hotel 5 years ago and I can see that it has defintely been remodeled. Even having stayed there before, after reading some of the horrible reviews, I was very apprehensive to stay there again. My husband and I went there with open minds and were pleasantly surprised. So, please don't let the horrible reviews get you worried, go in with an open mind and enjoy yourself!  
<Date>Feb 25, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel My husband and I stayed at the Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel February 2-7, 2004. We were very happy with the ocean front room, meals, location and staff.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not nice Bare bones - stayed in the back building, so no view, no lobby, etc. I think you take a chance of being put there when you stay here. The main building is no great shakes either.The hotel is somewhat 'family-oriented' if you know what I mean.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tahoedee
<Content>Horrible! I can't imagine what hotel you people who LIKED the Aston Waikiki Beach were actually staying in! I had a number of the same problems this week as the other people. Starting with the check in - we reserved 4 rooms. 3 were with King beds, 1 with doubles. I had confirmations of all of this back on September 3. We went to check in and were told there were no King Oceanfront rooms! (We had booked 1 King and 1 double oceanfront at $261/night on their special online rate!) After half hour of arguing and asking for the manager - guess what! They found one! (Of course it was 5 floors higher!). Then they couldn't get us adjoining rooms (even 2 double rooms) oceanfront as we had requested back in September. So all of us stayed on different floors...great service! But the real kicker was when the people behind us were offered the SAME ROOM TYPE I had (oceanfront double) for $50 less if they wanted to upgrade at checkin! And, they refused to reduce OUR rate! So we get to this tiny, dumpy, old room (yeah, $30mil remodel? Someone must have embezzeled the money!) and by the 2nd day the airconditioning was pumping massive amounts of cigarette smoke into our non-smoking rooms. It was also happening to our friends on the 19th floor. They finally agreed to move us the next day which entailed repacking and unpacking again, re-ironing my clothes (at least no one stole mine!) and several hours of major stress and disruption of my vacation! Guess what! Next room had the same problem. I have disputed my credit card, because like the other person, I cannot get the general manager to call me and cannot get any satisfaction. (Oh, they DID try to upgrade me at check in to a 2 room suite for $525 a night, wasn't that nice?) This is beginning to sound like a scam to me - sell one rate and try to get you to pay an upgrade fee and undercut those of us who book in advance at a special rate? Maybe it's time to contact Better Business Bureau and the Hawaii Attorney General's office.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2004
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel We just returned from Oahu, and stayed at the Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel, and enjoyed every minute. All of the staff were great to us, from when we first checked in until we checked out everyone was very helpful and friendly. Lillian at the front desk was exceptional. Our room was great we had an ocean view on the 16th floor, we could sit on the lanai each evening and watch the sunset, which was beautiful. We rented a car and the valet staff were also great to us very helpful with directions, even on the busiest day they were very helpful and so friendly. The breakfast on the beach was also very good, it is so nice to have the complimentary coolers you can take the food with you and eat it wherever you want or sit by the pool and eat and they have entertainment by the pool. The only thing we didn't like was room service was pretty expensive and you would get less food, also Tiki's restaurant was pretty expensive. But overall everything was perfect and we would go back there in a minute!!  
<Date>Feb 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Misleading but ended up OK We signed up for the Aston after reading the write up and reviews on Expedia.ca. When we arrived it was clear that the advertising was misleading. In addition our reservation and check in was handled badly. If the hotel spent $30 million on renovations in 2001 it is obvious they got took. I honestly don't see where the money was spent. Although the room we had was generally clean, the bathroom was dated, especially the floors and, the bathroom walls had chipped paint in many areas and were dirty.  The decorator must have been blind. Puke green and mustard halls ways are not my idea of an inviting atmosphere. When we reserved our room we asked for a non-smoking room, with a king sized bed and ocean view. In addition we asked for a view up-grade as advertised for seniors.(subject to availability). When we arrived we were given a smoking room with a partial view (very partial), and two double beds. When I enquired about the view upgrade I was advised that there was no availability, however, if I wished to pay extra, a view room upgrade was available. (not available for seniors up-grade, but available if I pay)??? In addition the young man who checked us in was indifferent to the fact that we were given the wrong room etc. After complaining twice we finally got a non-smoking room with a king sized bed above the pool area, ....with a partial view. Although the bathroom in this room was also very dated and grungy. Its really too bad because the cost of replacing the floor tiles in the bathroom and repainting probably is only $250 per room. A small price to pay to greatly improve the premises.After we got the room matter settled, we started to enjoy the Hawaii atmosphere. The breakfast was a nice touch, although the egg and bacon/saugage muffins became tasteless afterwhile. The hotel supplied towels and chairs for the beach which was a nice touch.Notwithstanding the above we came to enjoy the hotel and, the people became much more friendly as days pasted and our experience much more pleasant.Although this establishment is advertised as a 4 star hotel 2 1/2 stars is more like it.We did like the location however and after the matter with our room was corrected enjoyed our stay.We plan to return to Hawaii next year and will consider staying at the Aston. The hotel provides reasonable value for the price but as indicated above, a little more improvement in the bathrooms would go a long way. In addition brighten up the hall ways and get rid of the dated blue tile elevator enterance walls in the lobby and ground floor.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2004
<Rating>2	4	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I'd stay there again I spent a week at Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel in May of 2003. The service was great, the rooms were clean and decorative, I enjoyed the breakfasts set out by the pool, and the location was great. We were right across the street from Waikiki beach and within walking distance of several shops. I would definitely stay there again in the future.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>All of my tops were stolen, then security tried to pretend it didn't happen... We rented two adjoining room for two evenings. Upon check-in, the car bell-hops immediately took our luggage, then told us it would be at least an hour before they could get it to our room. We instead went downstairs and carried it up ourselves. We then dressed and went out for the evening. The next day, I noticed that all of my tops were missing from my luggage. Our calls to security, Popu, were ignored, then finally they had me fill out a report. I called the Honolulu police to make a report, as I felt the hotel was covering up the theft. We were told that NO hotel personnel would come to our rooms for any reason for the duration of our stay. The next morning, I was in our adjoining room checking on our teenage children, when I exited into the hall, the maid was peering into our room - my husband was sleeping...what was she doing there, I asked.....I told her there was nothing left, that she and the other maid already took my things....When I called to the hotel manager, Taylor, he told me he was unaware that my things had been stolen the day before....Then Popu told him that I had yelled at the maid, and it was obvious to both my husband and to me that they were both covering up something....They told us that they had never had a theft at the hotel before, ever.... Another lie....They made no effort to even give me petty cash to buy a top to wear onto the airplane home... They acted as if we made the entire situation up - treated me horribly, victimized me even more ..... Told me maybe I left my hall door open (impossible, I always check), maybe I left my patio door open and someone came in from the balcony (23rd floor, I don't think so), told me maybe I left my clothes where we previously stayed (I remember packing them) etc...Tried to blame shift their employee theft onto me, the victim.....Then my husband got involved and told them - Enough, my wife came here with clothing, and we went out, and now her clothing is gone. Someone at your hotel DID do this... They backed off from him....And would you believe, when we were at breakfast, I went back to the room, heard the door handle opening, expected to see my husband, and saw another hotel worker entering my room.....even though we were again promised that NO ONE would come near our room for any reason....This is 5 months later, and I still have NOT received reimbursement for my articles of clothing and for the cost of the two rooms for the two nights....I would NOT ever stay at that hotel again.... I would advise you to consider what I have written in my report before deciding to lodge at this hotel.....Personally I will not ever stay there again, ever....I'd sleep on the beach before staying here.....  
<Date>Feb 3, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A rip-off of magnitude proportions. Ignore the virtual tour as it is as misleading as I have ever seen it. This is a 4 star hotel? I guess if you look out the window at night you might see 4 stars. What a disatrous experience for my daughter, her husband and two teen age daughters. I have visited in Honolulu every year for the past 30 years but I have never experienced such a pigeon hole room (with no drawer space) at such outlandish prices. One night was enough. I checked my kids out out and into the Waikikii Banyon where they enjoyed a spectacular condo at exactly one-half the price. Buyer beware!!  
<Date>Feb 2, 2004
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Definitely Stay here again My husband and I and two teenage boys stayed here from 1/24/03 thru 1/30/03 and had a fantastic time. We called a week before our arrival requesting connecting rooms  one with a king bed and the other with two doubles. The only way they could guarantee that was if we upgraded to the ocean front rooms - so we did that and they were definitely worth it. When we arrived the rooms we requested were ready  waiting for us. The view was fabulous  the rooms were clean - everything we expected them to be. Having breakfast included was a great plus with two teenage boys. In fact, one morning we suggested going out somewhere else for breakfast - but they didn't want to - they liked the breakfast there - and so did we. Good variety and we all especially liked their cinnamon rolls! The price was right!I, like everyone else, was quite concerned about staying here after reading the reviews. But I guess everyone has their own opinion of things. My opinion is that I would definitely stay here again  recommend it to my friends. Staff was very friendly and always very helpful. If you look, you can find something wrong no matter where you stay - but here the good definitely outweighed the bad.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pleasantly Surprised I must say I was pleasantly surprised. I stayed at the hotel Jan 19 to the 23, 2004. Since this was my first trip to Oahu and my first trip with my mom, I wanted to ensure we had clean, comfortable accommodations close to the beach so I took the time to research hotels and decided to book w/Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel. I booked a few weeks in advance. I was a little apprehensive and almost cancelled my reservations after reading the reviews a few days before departing to Oahu. Thankfully I did not cancel. As my mother is considered a senior, we were automatically upgraded (no charge) from a partial ocean view to an almost full ocean view. We were on the 20th floor and had an amazing view. Had it not been for the view, I know the trip would have been far less enjoyable. The room itself was fairly basic. Two twin beds, a TV, refrigerator, full bath, hair dryer, iron c/w ironing board. Everything was clean and working as it should be.The hotel itself has a heated pool which I used. Went to Tiki s Bar and Grill. The food was okay and so were the prices. There is a live band that plays til about midnight. I could hear them loud and clear from the 20th floor. I don t believe there was much of anything else worth checking out. The fact this is rated as a 4 star hotel hhhmmm . It doesn t have that much to offer. I found it odd the lounge (if you can call it that) or the seating area is an open area across from the street and parking lot entrance exit.The three things that made this hotel worth staying at: one) the location of the hotel; two) the view from the 20th floor (note: try asking for odd room #s 2015 to 2021, not sure which tower, however if you are facing the reception desk, it s the tower to the right ); three) the breakfast (if you eat enough or pack enough you are set for lunch).The service was good and guests were friendly.Overall I would give it a 3-1/2 stars out of five. Personally, I don't think you can go wrong with the hotel itself as long as you are in a clean room with a spectacular view.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overrated My husband and I stayed here from Dec 28 to Jan 1st, 2004. We had requested a non-smoking room with one king size bed. When we arrived, they gave us a smoking room with 2 queen size beds. The room definitiely smelled - in fact, the entire floor was smoking and you could tell the minute you got off the elevator. The management offered to switch us the next morning and said that our room would be available by 1 pm. The room was actually not available until 3pm. During the morning, the bell service had stored our luggage. Once we finally arrived in the nonsmoking room, it took 40 minutes and three phone calls to get our luggage back. The service was absolutely terrible. When the key to our room didn't work, we called the front desk from our cell phone at the door and were told someone would be right up. 10 minutes later no one had arrived so we called again - but no one knew of our problem and they suggested we come back down. There is not enough elevators for the entire building because often you would wait 2 or 3 elevators before you could fit on. The breakfast is light and not too bad. The location is great and view of the ocean terrific but given the sub-standard service and room quality, we would not stay again.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would definitely stay there again! I too, had some trauma when I read what everyone had posted- about 70% good, and 30% bad. I had decided that as long as our room was clean, I would be happy. It was spotless and the view was everything that we expected and more. So, if you are reading this before you go, like I did, please put your fears to rest. We had a wonderful time, and would absolutely stay there again. As I said, our room was spotless, the breakfast was wonderful, and every single one of the staff were just as nice as they could be. The only thing that surprised us, was that our room was a little smaller than what the picture showed, but that's it! I even got stung by a jellyfish, and the wonderful woman at the front desk gave me advice, and was nice enough to go to the Tiki Bar and Grill (which was wonderful by the way), and get some white vinegar for me! All in all, it was great!  
<Date>Jan 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>it was nice I was in Hawaii for a week with a group of preformers from my high school. We arrived at the hotel and got our rooms almost immediatly. I enjoyed my stay alot but there were some complaints but not enough to ruin my trip. I loved the breakfast in the morning and the employees were extreemly kind. If I ever go back to Hawaii Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel would definatly be on of my optional hotels to stay at!!!!!!!!As I said before I stayed here with a group of marching band performers from my high school. We were all very pleased with the hotel but just a few complaints (not many at all). The only upsetting thing about staying was the rain which we still had fun in. Aston had very kind employees and when we preformed around the pool side the guests seemed to enjoy it!!! The all told us how good of a job we did and loved to listen. Aston was kind enough to let us perform for the hotel and we appreciate the opportunity very much. The also let us warm up in the lobby before the parade (which was unfortunately canceled due to rain). This was also appreciated because of the rain we were allowed to get ready in the lobby. If anyone was there between the time of December 27 and January 3, you probably heard us practicing or maybe even watched are pool side performance which turned out a success. If you would like to read about our trip you should read the Newtown Advance. It explains our trip and how wonderful we did. I would like to thank Aston Waikiki Beach hotel for helping us have one of the GREATEST opportunities of our lives and make memories of our once in a life time trip. I will never get to travel with my high school friends in our marching Band again, and I am extremely happy with the result of this trip!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Jan 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I would definately stay there again The staff were all exceptionally nice. It was part of a AAA two week package so we do not know what the room cost. For $30 extra per night we got a ocean view from the balcony which was excellant. The food was wonderful, one of the best that we had on the islands. Enjoyed the entertainment that the hotel had at the bar. Only one complant; It was raining  the water around the covered bar was a liability  we were surprized that the staff was not concerned about getting the water up. I almost slipped while trying to get to a dry seat at the bar. The hotel staff needs to make it a little safer by correcting the problem or at least having the staff keep the water off of the floor.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Find another hotel My wife and I arrived in Oahu on Aug. 12 2003, our 25th wedding anniversery.This was our final 3 days in the Hawiaan Islands completing our 2 week trip. We were greeted at the AWBH by at least 50screaming kids chasing each other and kicking soccer balls in the lobby. After standing in a long line at the desk we got our room assignment went to the elevator which took forever and went to our room. When I opened the door I thought my wife would cry,I thought I opened a closet door it was so small plus twin beds instead of the king size I requested. Back downstairs to the zoo I finally got our room changed to a corner larger room . The only thing larger about this room were the gaps around the door where the wind howled constantly. At least there was a single queen size bed in this room. I can't figure out where they spent the 30 million,this place looked like a bad dream decorated by the blind. The pool was small and dirty, dim lite hallways, bad plumbing, AC was noisy and smelled like an ashtray the bathrooms didn't see any of the remodel money either. We didn't eat at the hotel because we could not stand to be there any longer then we had to. To get to the beach you had to cross a very busy street only to find it crowded and full of homeless people. There must be better places in Oahu then this, the previous 11 days in Maui and Kaaui were great!  
<Date>Jan 14, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>phisig21
<Content>Great location -- so,so overall This hotel definitely has a lot of mixed reviews. We stayed 12.27.03-1.3.04. Below are my specific comments. My overall rating at the end.Breakfast -- FAIR. Good hours (who really wants to sleep in while in Hawaii? Sleep at home!), food is a typical buffet style -- good if you like the exotic offerings like Japanese style foods, avoid the scary egg sandwiches, not enough fresh fruit/juice choices.Rooms -- OK. Not too large (common in Hawaii) but livable. In room mini fridge and big shower a nice touch. We requested non-smoking, but got smoking (I think from the ashtray in the room) but the room was not smelly or anything. Maid service was GREAT! Room always made up well, clean sheets/towels/extras when you ask. Just make sure to put the not now sign on when you go to bed each night and change to service when you leave for the morning ... otherwise you will get a greeting around 7 AM! The view (we had ocean view) was true to the photo on expedia. Very nice. Only real complaint was the amount of noise from the side street in back of the hotel -- garbage pickup daily at about 6 AM. The walls could stand to be a little thicker.Hotel amenities -- FAIR. Hotel restaurants are good and Tiki's offers a limited room service menu. Great drinks at reasonable prices! Expedia travel desk almost makes up for the fact there is no concierge...almost. The front desk, while busy was usually helpful -- the men are definitely friendlier than the women for some reason. Pool? Small and REALLY cold, but OK. They really need a hot tub - they totally have room for it. DON'T use the phone in the room. They charge 75 cents for local and 800 calls ... even when you get a busy signal and they don't connect. I used to work in management for a Marriott property and I can tell you this is NOT standard practice!Location -- EXCELLENT! I really don't think for the money you can do better. The beach directly across the street is part of Waikiki Beach, yet is is less crowded and more park-like, yet still has rentals and lifeguards. Nice trees for shade too! Only a short walk to the busier beach sections and larger hotels.OVERALL -- This is NOT a 4-star/4-palms hotel as advertised. This hotel is equivalent to a nicer Holiday Inn property. I think that people who go believing the advertisements will be disappointed. You have to remember that any hotel, in any location will only point out the good not the bad. I would stay here again is traveling to Oahu if I wanted to stay in the same budget for hotel -- paying more I will definitely stay at the Sheraton Moana Surfrider -- awesome place!  
<Date>Jan 7, 2004
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The good and the Bad The hotel has a mix of good and bad things going for it. The staff at check-in told me that my boyfriend, who arrived earlier that morning, had not checked in and proceeded to let me wander around the lobby calling around to our family and friends for an hour, when it turns out they had just misspelled my name. The room was great, the maid service was EXCELLENT, the breakfast was so-so (it ends at 9:30), the location was good, and the hotel staff was hit and miss. We constantly had problems with our room's key card. Their answer to this was having security escort us up to the room and bullying us to show id's and proof of address, more than once. The maid always perfectly tidied up our very messy room. The restraunts at the hotel are all very good. The live music is filtered out to the pool area where there are lounge chairs and beds to relax on, very cool! We were able to book all of our activites (scuba diving, snorkeling, a luau, parasailing, and mountain biking) right in the lobby. I wouldn't stay there again, not because of the hotel, but more because Waikiki was just a tourist trap and I wish I would have done more exploring around the island.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrible service! We read the reviews and looked forward to a fun experience in Hip hotel. We were supposed to get an oceanfront non-smoking room, but were given a smoking room instead. When we complained the management offered a room with 2 double beds without a view as a substitute, or offered a suite for $40 more a night. We didn't think think this was fair, but it was late and we were tired so we decided to pay the upgrade. We moved our luggage and it too was a smoking room. We tried to complain again, but no one would help us. So, we immediately checked out and walked next door to the Marriott (it was wonderful, and the rooms were much nicer).  
<Date>Jan 5, 2004
<Rating>1	3	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not too bad, but not all that great My husband, kids (ages 3 and 9 months), parents and sister stayed at the Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel Dec. 26 thru Jan 2. We had been anticipating this vacation since early summer. After reading some of the horror stories about this hotel, I contacted the hotel with my concerns. They were very friendly and offered to upgrade our rooms for free. I was very impressed with their prompt responses and their courtesy. Our vacation, however, turned out to be a bit disappointing. Since we requested two adjoining rooms, we got the adjoining rooms but we didn't get our free upgrade after all. Our partial ocean view rooms had tiny lanais without any furniture (like expedia advertised) and a very partial view of the ocean. The rooms were ok, small, but mostly clean. Pretty much what I expected from the internet pictures. The free breakfast was good, but they offered basically the same things every day. I was hoping there would be some kind of variation. Parking was pretty bad most of the time, but the valets were very friendly and worked really hard! (From our experience, the hotel staff was very courteous and friendly.) The elevators were crowded most of the time, too. Overall, I was happy with our stay but we probably won't stay there again. I have to admit, however, that the disappointments of our vacation were not necessarily hotel-related. Christmas-time is one of the craziest times of year in Waikiki. Everywhere was crowded. We spent most of our time waiting in lines. Also, the weather was awful. It rained 6 out of our 8 days there. My daughter came down with strep throat the first day we got there. So, I don't blame it all on the Aston. My best advice is don't stay there if you're really picky about your hotels, and don't go to Waikiki during peak season.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Nshores33
<Content>Honeymoon from Hell I stayed here when on my honeymoon this summer. We booked a non-smoking oceanfront room and mentioned in our reservation that it was our honeymoon. When we arrived they only had rooms with 2 double beds. My husband and I wanted one large bed and we were moved to a room with a terrible view. We asked to change rooms the next day and were put in a low level room above Tiki's, which was extremely loud and very smoky. When we changed room, the man at the front desk told us to get out fast because another family was on the way up to our old room. We hurried and left our digital camera. When we got to the new room, we told the desk that we left our camera. They sent a maid up, who claimed, It wasn't there anymore. However, the family had yet to get to the room even though two hours had passed and we were hurried out. The customer service was horrible and the maids were nothing less than thieves. BY the way, don't order flowers or fruit because they WILL forget to deliver it.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Over priced My wife and I stayed here the first time we never went to Oahu. The location of the Waikiki Beach Hotel is great. One of the problems we had it was very hard to park the car. Good thing the car we rented was very small. Also the rooms are so small we had to step aside to past each other. I think The Waikiki Beach Hotel is way over priced. For the same Money they want you can stay in a lot nicer hotel. Steve  
<Date>Jan 1, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a vacation!! Just wanted to say I too was worried after reading the reviews about this hotel, but was pleasantly surprised!! The rooms were nice, clean, and we had everything we needed. The continental breakfast was always very good, and it was nice to save a little money as well. I would definately go back!!!  
<Date>Dec 29, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice time: DEC 20-28th I too had some concerns after reading these reviews, but was relieved. Service/staff was very friendly, rooms were cleaned regularly by 11am, breakfast was fine, not awesome, but saved us a bunch plus live music everywhere. Tiki's bar/restaurant was convenient and very good. The view of diamond head and the beach was spectacular from the 24th floor. Three of us shared a room and felt that although not really a four-star as advertised, the experience was well worth it and quite a deal at 8 nights +rental car(midsize) +RTairfare from L.A. for $1300 each. I would stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>joel90069
<Content>Lower Your Expectations The problem with the Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel is the way everyone seems to insist on promoting it. It's not a bad place but after reading some of the travel websites (particularly Expedia) your expectations are higher then they should be. If everyone was honest from the start there would be less complaints. It is NOT a 4 star hotel; not even close. Whoever managed the 30 million dollar renovation should be fired. Still, for the cost it was a reasonable value. The rooms are a step up from a high rise Motel 6. After upgrading I had a beautiful view but the furniture and bathrooms seemed old and seedy. They're also noisey. Despite being on a high floor the outdoor music from the bar was loud and none of the hotel management seemed to care that it was disturbing guests until very late. Most of the employees I came in contact with were quite nice, helpful and customer service oriented. They just didn't have much to work with. The location was terrific but Waikiki itself leaves a lot to be desired. I felt like I was in Los Angeles with coconut trees. Use the hotel as a base of operation. Rent a car and explore the rest of the island everyday. I found several beaches that were beautiful, isolated and secluded.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyed our Stay at the Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel I was worried about this hotel after reading some of the previous reviews about what a terrible hotel this was. I worried needlessly!! I truly enjoyed my stay at the Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel. It is close to everything yet not right in the middle of the hustle and bustle of Waikiki. I reserved an ocean front room and it had a fantastic view (Waikiki at night is beautiful). The room wasn't large, but it was clean. The ocean front rooms are decorated in red and white with dark teak furniture. The breakfast on the beach has a large selection of food (cereal, egg sandwiches, yogurt, miso soup, noodles, hash browns, fruit, muffins, bagels, almond and coconut gelatin, milk, coffee, juice, tea). Anything that we had left over was put into the refrigerator for a snack later. Tiki's is a great place for lunch or dinner. The food is great and price are reasonable (the ribs with guava sauce are great). Also try the Coldstone Creamery in the front of the hotel..excellent ice cream and you get to pick what you want to add(cookies, nuts, chips, coconut,...). As many reviewers have pointed out, the valet parking is a bit expensive at $12.50 per day. However, it is great to pull up at the hotel entrance, have someone help with packages, and not have to worry about finding a parking space. It usually didn't take more than 5 minutes for the car to be delivered in the morning. Everyone was extremely helpful with directions, places to go, and things to do. The hotel kept our luggage for us until we were ready to leave for the airport (6:00 pm) at no charge. I would definitely stay at the Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel again.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>delta210
<Content>Great Honeymoon hotel Stayed here from 30 Nov - 4 Dec 2003. Not a bad stay at all, especially after upgrading to an ocean front room from a ocean view. You can tell that parts of the hotel need to be upgraded, especially the bathrooms but you get over it real quick. The breakfast bar was real handy and saved allot of money form eating out. the location is perfect! there is allot to do around this hotel, especially the beach. There is no room service, but Tiki's, is a great place to eat, ask for Uncle Joe to be your server, he is lots of fun.My wife, Angie and I agreed that if we came back to Hawaii we would stay here again!  
<Date>Dec 12, 2003
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Feels like in Los Angeles Nice hotel, but too crowded with tourists. Feel the strain of the large crowds. The rooms are neat with rather ususual but tasteful decor.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not All That Bad - Just Funky and Old True, a lot of the negative comments are correct, BUT, the positives outweigh most of the negatives. Yes, it is difficult to see where the $30 million in renovations was spent, but the rooms are okay. Remember what you are paying. They could have spent more in renovating the bathrooms -- ours just didn't seem clean enough. The front desk staff argued that the view of Diamond Head and the roof of the hotel next door's exhaust vents were 'deluxe ocean front' and tried to charge us the deluxe ocean front rate. (They were the ones who put us in the room to begin with. The men were nicer than the women at the front desk.) Hassle to try to sort it out, but in the end, we paid $131 each night for the room. I did not feel comfortable on the balcony. Seemed too small and unstable, and we could not keep our door open at night because the exhaust noise was so loud. Why are they charging $12.50 to park your car? We were guests -- it should be provided with the room rate. Also, we were not told of this charge until we arrived. I would not rent a car on Waikiki next time. It would have been cheaper taking a cab (or the free trolley) to go places. So many places to eat in Waikiki. We loved Dukes down the road a quarter mile or so. Try to eat outside on the patio. What an incredible view! We also enjoyed Tiki's. The hotel's breakfast - barf - except for the packaged stuff -- cereals, milk, yogurt or bagels. The egg mystery sandwiches were the same each day, but with a different name! I agree with the reviewer who commented on the fact that you're in Hawaii and you will not find another hotel (in this price range) that will get you closer to Waikiki Beach. The hotel's pool was freezing and we wished they had a Jacuzzi. The location of the hotel was perfect. I liked being at the end of the strip -- a good place to start your walk around town and quiet. We also were close to the 'Sunset on the Beach' program - which was cool and a show I would recommend. (It's free too!) Maybe changing the room location so we had a better view would be on the plan for the next trip. Oh yeah, we had our two little ones with us -- an 8-month-old and 2陆-year-old. They loved it -- lots to do and see.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Digital Camera Rentals w/Underwater Housings Thanks for the previous review on the digital camera rental shop. Our camera broke, so were delighted to find out about VacationPIX at the Aston.We took the camera surfing and diving, shot some great shots and sent the photos back home while we were still in Hawaii. Pretty cool. And the people were so nice.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>funky hotel We stayed two nights at this hotel and enjoyed it. We were suppose to stay at the Waikiki Circle but they were overbooked and we got upgraded to the Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel.For $98 per night we stayed in a partial ocean view room with three beds (two twins and one double). We had an awesome view of Diamond Head and a not so bad view of the ocean (along with the parking lot of the Queen Kapiolani). The lanai was very small, you could only stand on it (no room for a chair). The decor of the room is nothing that I would use in my house (lime green bed covers).The free breakfast was fine and filling. Lunch or dinner at the Tiki Bar is recommended.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location I booked accomodations thru travelocity and everthing was what I expected. I had an ocean view room. The view was terrific and the location was outstanding. We were able to walk to most everywhere we wanted to go or take advantage of the free trolley service that picked up right at our hotel. We spent alot of time at the nearby park and the International Market Place. The zoo was close as well as many of the shows we went to in nearby hotels. The rooms were very small but clean and the staff was very friendly and allowed us a delayed check out at no additional cost. We anticipated the rooms to be small but knew we would not be sitting around our room in Hawaii. We used it for sleeping and showering and enjoyed sitting on the balcony overlooking beautiful Waikiki Beach. The complimentary breakfast was a plus and we took advantage of it daily. It was very plentiful with different choices each day.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved IT! - November 1- 8, 2003 My husband and I went with 3 other friends and we all loved it. We had an ocean front room that was amazing. All staff that we encountered were extremely helpful. Our maid did a wonderful job each day. The only drawback, is most of the rooms contain 2 full size beds. The hotel is located on the south end of Waikiki beach and is within walking distance to shopping and great dining. For those who do not want to walk, they have trolleys to take you to the other end of Waikiki as well as the Ala Moana mall. This upscale mall has Neiman Marcus, Tommy Bahamas, Prada, etc. Please feel free to email me with questions. Susan sklatt6@yahoo.com  
<Date>Nov 11, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disgusting!!!!! Aston advertises that they recently spent 30 million to remodel this dump!!!! PROVE IT!!!! If this is so the money was spent only on the exterior and lobby area. We were on our honeymoon and our room with a king bed was not available so we were given a filthy room with two double beds. The bathroom floor was extremely dirty and the carpet was wet and stained along with the chairs. Their rack rates are way over-priced. Thank god we got half off those rates in this dump by using our entertainment card. We would not go back even if it were free!!!!  
<Date>Nov 2, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nice We stayed at the AWBH Oct5-Oct11 and thought we got what we paid for. We were there for our honeymoon. We were given 2 bottles of champaign when we checked in that were delivered to our door. We stayed on the 16th floor in a corner oceanfront room that had a view to die for. The corner rooms are bigger than the others. The music was soothing and relaxing. I do agree that the bathroom floor was very dirty and the carpet was stained, but overall was a nice room. The breakfast was pretty good for being complimentary. Can't complain about something you didn't pay for that day. There was plenty to choose from and we enjoyed the idea of being able to eat on the beach or go back to the hotel room if we chose. Overall, we would stay here again. We thought it was good for the money we spent.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fun, Friendly, and Fabulous Location! After doing a lot of research for a weeklong trip that I won from King's Hawaiian Bread, I chose this hotel for my 4yo daughter, 68yo mother, and 44yo me. My mother was a bit skeptical about the mixed reviews, but we wanted something CLOSE to the beach, with restaurant alternatives near by, different from every cookie-cutter hotel, and NOT in the middle of town. The Aston Hawaiian Beach Hotel fit the bill!Breakfast was a great bonus and the extra yogurts and cereal rounded out a lunch or two (the refrigerator in the room was another great amenity). The free beach chairs were great; we used them when watching the Aloha parade on the street right in front of the hotel!We upgraded to a Jr Suite, 15th floor, that seemed to be the one from the webcam on the hotel's website...great views of the sunset, the surfers, and Waikiki from the lanai(s). Tiki's often had music that we enjoyed in the late afternoon and into the night (ended at 10 or 11 every night). We could hear it, but it was not loud enough to keep us awake (we didn't turn on the tv) and we would rather have heard the musicians than the vehicles on the street! The beach was beautiful and was just perfect for my 4yo to enjoy. We wandered to other beaches, but always came back to our sheltered beach.We walked through a number of stuffy and larger hotel lobbies in Oahu. There's nothing stuffy about the Aston Waikiki Beach and it's small enough not to be impersonal!We took a circle tour of Oahu the last day...and decided that our slice of paradise centered around the beautiful location and the friendliness of this hotel! I definately would recommend it. No, it wasn't posh, but it was a great Oahu hotel.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No High Speed Internet Access Many web sites advertise this hotel as having high speed internet access. I was surprised to find they do not have this ammenity - only dial up service.I found this hotel to be on par with Super 8 Motels. Yes, they have bright new colored paint, but the rooms are tiny and the remodeling job was just superficial. Cleanliness was a 2 on a scale of 1 to 5.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>killian02
<Content>Lipstick on a pig! Their million $$ renovation is just lipstick on a pig. And they do not have the high speed internet access they advertise. Spend your money elsewhere.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Cheesy Rip Off Joint WHAT A DUMP!!!!Save your money folks. We booked this trip through Pleasant Holidays - this hotel is a major rip off. Pool is little - the free breakfast is HORRIBLE!! The room is old - yuky cheesy hotel room. Nothing special here. The beach is not to die for here. What are the other ratings over may I ask? This place has absolutely no class. What Plesant Holidays fails to tell you when you book through them as it appears this hotel is part of their racket is that parking with your rented car is $12.50 a day. You get your partial view room with an option to upgrade when you arrive. Same deal with the car.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Location, location, location Ok, if you're like me you're confused with the fact that this hotel is getting very mixed reviews. Here's the deal, a lot of the negative comments are true, BUT, the positives far outweigh any of the negatives. Although it's fairly obvious the $30 million in renovations did not make it past the lobby, Tiki's bar and grill and the valet area, the rooms are pleasant and liveable, a little worse for wear, but liveable. But let's face it, you're in Hawai'i, and you will not find another hotel (in this price range) that will get you closer to Waikiki Beach, isn't that what we're all going for? My new wife and I stayed at the AWBH for our honeymoon (Sept. 29 - Oct. 4), and all in all we had an excellent stay. I would highly recommend going with an oceanfront room, as the view is like nothing else I've ever seen from the oceanfront balconies. Waikiki Beach is directly accross the street, literally a stone's throw from our 8th floor balcony, and you will find very quickly that Tiki's Bar and Grill leaves you little reason to venture elsewhere (we ate there 4 times in our 5 night stay, their fish and chips and MahiMahi are excellent). Along with the great food and drinks they're also quite reasonably priced. So, when all is said and done, you are mostly paying for the location rather than luxury at the AWBH, but, WHAT A LOCATION, it's worth every penny, and then some. Aloha and Mahalo Aston Waikiki.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it! Loved it, loved it, loved it! WE upgraded to an ocean view room on the 15th floor, overlooking the pool, with Waikiki laid out before us. Beautiful sunsets. The staff was very friendly and helpful. While not exactly on the beach, it was just a few steps away, easy to get to. No big lobby to try to navigate to get out.Tiki's Grill and bar was the place to be for relaxing, great music twice a day, overlooking the beach. Drinks and food VERY reasonably priced. Others have commented that there was no room service, but a call to Tiki's got us a delicious dessert delivered in just a few minutes. I will definately stay here again!!!!!!  
<Date>Oct 5, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Rent Underwater Digital Cameras for $20 per day We found the greatest deal. We found this company, VacationPIX that rents these compact digital cameras with underwater housings for cheap. We shot over 100 images and they uploaded them to a sharable web page and sent them to our family while we were there. We got some great shots of sea turtles. Check'em out at the Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel! 808-926-7774 There's a fun bar at this hotel too, Tiki's Bar and Grill.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>frankiephile
<Content>Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel is a fun place for families! We had the pleasure of staying at the Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel for a week in August. Since we read many reviews, we had an idea what to expect in terms of decor as well as the notoriously slow elevators. However, on the flip side, we had a partial ocean view room --reasonably priced--with a breathtaking view of the ocean. We totally enjoyed the fun atmosphere of the breakfast. It was lots of fun for our daughter, since there were tons of kids around. In fact, we felt that this hotel was a completely fun and happening place ,and that for a family it had just the right casual atmosphere along with a high level of customer service.We found the Tiki to be one of the best restaurants around, and we actually ate there several times. We were disappointed in many other restaurants in town.I took a walk through the lobbies of some of the more upscale hotels that were on the same side of the street and found them to be DULL , DARK,and STUFFY, while the Aston Waikiki, was busy, bright, and cheerful. Additionally, although those hotels were also right across from the beach, the view was blocked by the hotels that were actually on the beach and the beach access was limited to a hard-to-find alley. The Aston Waikiki Beach hotel has an unobstructed view of the beach as well as complete access to it. When you are traveling with kids, what can be more fun than a place with a great pool, a cool restaurant, excellent beach access, a great hotel store that sells and inflates beach floats (everything in the store is reasonably priced), a Starbucks, Wolfgang Puck's, and a Denny's right in the same building, and lots of other families with kids? The atmosphere at breakfast was so friendly, and the food was great. ( Who wants to spend a beautiful morning at Waikiki Beach searching for a place to have breakfast????)And, yes, you do have to pay for valet parking, but, we found that to be the case in most of the cities that we visited, and I am sure it is true of most,if not all, of the hotels at Waikiki Beach. In short, if you go into the Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel looking for a fun, casual, happening place to be, you will not be disappointed. We loved it and we would definitely stay there again!  
<Date>Sep 29, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice for some My partner and I stayed at the Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel September 17th thru the 22nd. We requested an ocean front corner king but the hotel only offers corner doubles so we took it. However, the view was awesome and the sounds of the street, the ocean and even the poolside music were enjoyable and entertaining. I would strongly reccommend staying above the 10th floor if you are sensitive to the sounds and noise of busy Waikiki. The hotel is located on the less crazy side of the strip, just a short stroll from Kanipali Park yet still on the main drag with plenty of activity just outside the door. There was a lot of care and thought put into the renovation of this property and the surfer beach 60's look is all very amusing. Yes, rooms are on the small side but they make do with the space very well. The new furnishings are comfortable and include a small fridge and an iron and ironing board. There is easy access to the nicely groomed beach accross the street and you don't have to trample through a long formal lobby to get there as you do at some of the other Waikiki properties. The pool and its Tiki bar and restaurant are nicely done, reasonably priced and offer a nice ocean view. The free tote bags, beach chairs and complimentary breakfast and are a nice plus. All the staff we encountered were pleasant and accommodating. On the downside, the hotel is not really a 4 star property. The hallway carpets and walls are not well maintained and are already showing a lot of wear and tear. There is no room service and I agree with previous reviewers that the $13 a day valet parking is a total rip off. Because of the hotel's reasonable prices, there were lots of young people and many local weekenders which made the poperty seem a bit over crowded. The Aston Waikiki Beach hotel is a nice alternative to the higher priced and stuffy Marriott next door and more charming than the Park Shore also located next door.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A pretty good stay My boyfriend and I spent 6 nights at the Aston Waikiki Beach hotel in a partial oceanview room. I upgraded from the Mauka Tower to get the free breakfast. The room was small but we had a gorgeous view of the beach (about the same, if better, than my parent's oceanview room) - the room was actually more spacious than the oceanview room (which you pay at least $100 more a night for). The free breakfast was good and the staff was friendly and helpful. We ate at the Tiki Restaurant for lunch one day and the food and drinks were very tasty. My only complaints were: valet parking for guests of the hotel is $13 (US) - it should be included for guests of the hotel; the elevators were very, very slow - be prepared to wait; they only give you three drawers in the room to store your clothes - I know you are pretty much in a bathing suit the entire time in Hawaii but, really, three drawers for two people?? If you are going to stay at this hotel, save your money and get the partial oceanview room (it's more spacious than the oceanview room and has the same view). We had a pretty good experience overall, but will probably not stay there again - only because Waikiki itself is too touristy and crowded.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2003
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great with some drawbacks Great location with AWESOME views if you get a beachfront location. HOWEVER, this is NOT ON THE BEACH. You have to cross the street (didn't realize from many of the pics and misleading name). Snazzy, hip decor. Still, I really loved the location overall. No room service, but you could eat at so many places very close by. The free breakfast that comes with some rooms is so-so. If you're not a big breakfast person, this could save you some change. I could hear the outside from my beachfront room as if my window was open!!! Really. Very poor insulation. This was one of the biggest drawbacks. Although I had a great time, I probably would shop and stay elsewhere next time. Opinion from a 29 yr old active guy on vaca with a few friends. Good luck. -JC  
<Date>Sep 4, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It ain't the Ritz-Carlton... This is advertized as a Superior or 4-star property. It isn't. But...it does have a good location. The rooms are OK if you can get past the totally tasteless decor. It's hard to see where they spend $30M on renovations. If you plan to spend a lot of time in your room you probably won't be too happy (but who goes to Hawaii to spend time in the room). Our partial ocean view room had a great view of Diamond Head and you could just see the sea from the 2 foot wide lanai. Elevators are an adventure. Breafast on the beach is a decent idea - you get a cooler bag to fill up so you can get a cheap lunch as well. Selection of food is basic. Don't expect too much and you won't be disappointed. Probably better deals a block or so back from the beach.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Keep an open mind and have fun! My husband and I stayed at the AWBH August 17th-24th. We liked the hotel very much. Although we agree that its not a 4 star hotel, we didn't pay that much for our room and we were there during the peek of their tourist season. I think we paid about $120 a night, so we didn't really expect a 4 star hotel. Reading prior reviews made me nervous, but once we got there I didn't understand why everyone is complaining. You get what you pay for, if you expected a nicer hotel don't you think you would be paying a lot more? When I think of a 4 star hotel I would expect to pay over $200 during the peak tourist season. I thought the complaints about the room size where halarious - who goes to Hawaii to spend time in the room? Not to mention most hotel rooms in Honolulu/Waikiki are small. The worst thing about the room was the lack of dresser space. We cleared out one drawer that had the Bible and some paper in it so we would both have one drawer for our underwear, socks and bathingsuits. We hung up a lot of stuff and put everything else on the closet shelf and on top of the safe. The carpet was stained, but you would see them shampoo the carpet so I'm sure it was not dirty as some of the other reviews suggested. The decor is ugly, but fun at the same time. I had my husband take my picture in front of the beaded closet with the hula dancer. I loved it! You can not be uptight or a control freak to stay at this hotel, you have to have fun with it. My husband and I are in our mid 20's and thought it was a perfect place for our age group and anyone that just likes to kick back and have fun. It was nice to stay in a hotel that doesn't look like every other hotel. The elevators were always busy in the morning so the trick is to take the elevator up first and then ride it down. If you try to go down you may have to wait a while before one comes that is not totally crowded. This also depends on what floor you are on - we were on the 15th floor. I loved our room -1501. We had a good view of the ocean and the hotel pool. The Marriott Hotel partially obstructed the view, but there are so many huge hotels in Waikiki I'm sure most of them have the same problem. When we walked out of your room there was a spectacular view of Diamond Head because the hallway was open. Tiki's was a great place to eat. We went at 9pm one night and it was so busy we ended up eating at the bar. They put our order in around 9:15 and we still hadn't received it at 10pm so they took our food off the bill. The bartender felt so bad and kept appologizing but we didn't care because we were drinking and people watching. The food is awesome and if you go when its not busy you can get a great table overlooking the beach. The location is awesome because you are at the end of the strip so its probably a lot quieter and less busy. A prior review was saying it was crowded with a lot of athletes and young people but I think that was true at most of the hotels. What do you expect when you go during the peak tourist season? People who don't like crowds should go to Maui or one of the other islands, or at least stay off Waikiki Beach. If we ever went back to Oahu I would stay at the AWBH again. BOB was so convenient and the food was pretty good. I was so happy we didn't have to try to find a place to have breakfast each morning and it saved us a lot of money. For those of you who need Starbucks there is one right around the corner!  
<Date>Aug 29, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just OK..... Just returned from our Hawaii vacation. First week was spent in Waikiki at the Aston Waikiki Beach. I recommend that if you will be going during the summer months, to try to find out if any sports tournaments going on in town and if any of the teams will be staying at your hotel. We must have encountered at least 4 soccer, water polo, volleyball and softball teams all staying here, which made for a very hectic environment. Not exactly a relaxing vacation if you know what I mean. Appears this hotel caters to groups, so find out first if that will be the case. Breakfast on the beach was ok, but I would rather eat a hot breakfast elsewhere. The rooms are small, but probably not much bigger at any of the other hotels in the area. It is in a great location and do recommend Wolfgang Pucks and the Tiki Grill...both have excellant food for reasonable prices!! Staff was very courteous and was doing their best, considering the crowds during the week we were there. Would really only recommend this hotel if you are on a budget or will not be traveling during the busy summer months.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't waste your money We stayed at this hotel the week of August 4 and will never stay at this hotel again. I agree with the last review, the bathroom floors were dirty (permanent dirt that could not be cleaned), carpet was dirty. Partial ocean view means view of the hotel across the street and a bit of an ocean view. Staff at the front desk were rude. Breakfast on the beach is okay if you want to eat at the beach, however if you want to stay at the hotel you are fighting to find a table or chair. If it rains you will have to eat in your room and there is only 1 very small table and 2 chairs in the room. Lanai is big enough to stand on, but a chair would not fit on the lanai. The elevators are very slow and you cannot take the stairs because they keep the stairway locked. The pool area was okay, there were always plenty of chairs available to sit by the pool. This hotel is also far away from the main attraction areas (shopping, restaurants, etc) of Waikiki...we did alot of walking. The next time we go to Waikiki we would probably stay somewhere closer to the International Market (centralized). I was disappointed because I was expecting a 3/4 star hotel and got a 1/2 star hotel.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great for a Kegger Wonderful if you are a teen, travelling with a teen, or want to be surrounded by college/high school kegger-types (or 20-year old newlyweds). I got a great rate and was still disappointed, had I paid full price I would have been very upset. Lots of teens running around, it reminded me of a Jersey Shore hotel. The renovation was more like a few coats of paint and some Tahitian-themed furniture. The service was decent, employees were nice enough, but I felt that the overall quality was somewhat poor. The balconies are also pretty small and the pool is tiny. Oahu was awesome! Don't do the Paradise Cove Luau...it's very commercial and not worth the money at all...there is plenty of booze, though...  
<Date>Aug 20, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Adequate But Not Great We stayed at the Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel for two nights August 5th. It was horribly crowded and hectic, the rooms were small, and the bathrooms dingy. You have to wait for elevators and then be crammed in with a bunch of people every time you go to your room. The pool, which is tiny, is next to the lobby, so you have to traipse across wet flooring to access the escalator to the street level. Surprisingly, it was fairly quiet (17th floor), even though our room was above and facing the pool. Could be were were too tired to notice. The staff was friendly, but this is a bare bones operation. No extras provided. We had to ask for a fourth bath towel. If you don't care where you sleep, it's not a bad location, but I would spend a little more next time and stay somewhere else. The rooms might be adequate for 2 people, but definitely not for 4. I can't believe the travel agency put us there. They led us to believe the rooms would be larger and newer. It was lively in that area at night, and you can people watch from your balcony. We didn't eat the free hotel breakfast but ate at the Denny's around the corner instead. We did use the free soft coolers to store our bottled water. The hotel was fine for a stopover to see the Arizona Memorial, but don't spend your whole vacation there.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JANJ1225
<Content>Don't waste your money I definetly agree with the Seattle, Washington reviewer. I would not recommend the Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel to anyone. My friends and I checked in to the Aston the evening of August 3, 2003 and was very disappointed with this hotel. I'd read both positive and negative reviews and found the the negatives to be truthful. I changed rooms four times at this hotel. Each and every room the carpet and bathroom tiles were dirty. Keith at the front desk was negative and rude. Thank God we were able to transfer to (for a few extra bucks) the Marriott directly across the street with no problems. I highly recommend spending the fews extras bucks for a nicer property. The remainder of our vacation was fabulous.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great value! We (my wife, 2 kids and I) stayed at the AWBH on the first week of August and we loved it! It offers great value for a family! Our bedroom was lovely with a hip Hawaiian decor. That's a welcomed change from your average hotel bedroom! We found the room and bathroom very clean and our housekeeper was extremely friendly and efficient. We only had 3 towels when we arrived. After kindly asking for 1 more, we were given plenty of towels and amenities each day.The location of the hotel couldn't be better, next to Kapiolani park, where the beaches are less crowded than in central Waikiki.Breakfast on the beach was a great value, with daily entertainment and a good variety of food.I teach Hotel and Restaurant Management and found the renovations outstanding. It's amazing what you can do with a typical 70's shoe-box hotel if you are creative. The colours, panels on the wall, lighting, hawaiian theme, open lobby make this a very pleasant hotel.Tiki's Grill and Bar is outstanding!We would definitely choose the Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel for our next stay in Honolulu.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place for what it is My partner and I stayed here in March 2003. We had booked a partial ocean view room but were offered an oceanfront view for a few bucks more per night. The partial ocean view was 11 floors above the pool and was more like a full Marriott view, so we went for the oceanfront on the 17th floor. Our room was clean and 60s retro and our view was directly from a postcard. After a day at Queens Surf beach we would have afternoon cocktails on our lanai and listen to the band down below as the sun set. It was a very romantic and inexpensive experience. We have it booked again for next year already and are bringing along some friends.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Filthy and Rude My suggestion is to stay elsewhere. Don't waste your money. Just returned from AWBH and to say I was very disappointed is putting it nicely. I read all the reviews prior to my trip and prepared myself for the worst, but seeing the cramped rooms and experiencing the rude service was beyond what I had expected, considering the fact some user reviews were good. I booked an oceanview room. My 1st room was extremely dirty (stained carpet, dirty bathroom tiles, dirty walls next to the vents, filthy shower curtain). I then looked at several more rooms. Each as dirty as the first. Front desk not sympathetic at all (you can tell they get alot of complaints as they had same response and annoyed looks on their faces). Valets were nice. BOB was like a cafeteria. (prepackaged foods). Again, don't waste your money. There were plenty of other hotels located across the street from Waikiki beach. Definitely NOT a 4-star hotel, more like a 2.5.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not 4 star! This is definately not a four star hotel! We stayed for our honeymoon in June 2003. Their hip decor is more like tacky. Street noise is another problem. Our room was very small even though they upgraded us upon check in. We reserved a king bed and got two double beds. Even after we complained they didn't do anything for us. Will never stay there again!  
<Date>Aug 5, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>it was an old dorm room! I bought a package vacation that put me in the Aston Waikiki Beach resort. The pictures looked wonderful on the website and it was right across the street from the beach. When I got there, I was placed in the back tower (Mauka Tower). This place had to have been an old dorm of some sort. The room that should have had a king-size bed was barely large enough to hold the full that was in it. The air conditioner barely worked and made enough noise to wake the dead. The tower itself was located on a dark side street behind the main hotel and you had to use your key card to enter the front doors (locked gate that looked like you were entering a prison), the elevator, and finally (obviously) your room. I felt like I was entering a detention center and was very uncomfortable walking back and forth to my room alone.The hotel was staffed by friendly people - although none of them was able to help me switch rooms. The bar was nice and the place is an okay place to drink a few after dark - just don't stay there. Come by for a visit and be on your way! Aloha!  
<Date>Jul 29, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel...hm Just stayed at the Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel and although I didn't hate it, they could do better for the prices they're charging.GOOD POINTS: (1) Received a room upgrade from partial ocean to ocean view--although if what we had was an ocean view, be warned that p/o view would probably require some (if not a lot of) neck craning. (2) Free breakfast in lobby offering cereals, yogurt, hot quiche, hot sandwich (eg. egg and sausage bagel), rice  miso soup, french toast, cinnamon rolls, mini bagels  muffins, juices, coffee, tea, fruit salad, some kind of jello looking thing--and everything is individually wrapped so you can pack it all up and, if you like, cross the street and have breakfast right by the gorgeous turquoise ocean.BAD POINTS: (1) Crowded as heck--true, I was there smack-dab in the middle of summer but from the moment we approached the hotel, it looked like there was an earthquake drill going on (there seemed to be big groups of people permanently standing/lounging around the lobby, although partial explanation for this can be found in the following point on valet parking). And trying to use the elevators felt like Tokyo rush hour with big hordes all waiting with a rather predatory air, everyone sharply keeping an eye on which elevator door would open so they could rush in first. (2) Valet parking--unless you don't mind driving round and round looking for street parking, you have to valet park and this means waiting up to 45 minutes for your car (maybe longer, but luckily we never found out). Of course there were times when the car came in about 10 min, but if you have reservations for dinner or you want to be in time for your flight on your last day, you should give yourself extra time just in case. I was truly tempted to trail one of the valet guys just to see where the heck they parked the cars (on the other side of the island?). Part of the reason the ground level of the hotel was so congested is that a lot of people were waiting for their cars. (3) Pool--tiny, crowded. (4) Elevator--obviously not included in the hotel's revamping. Sometimes, the poor, confused elevator would take us to a floor other than the one we pressed (it often got 15 and 25 confused). Also, it's strange rumblings and choked bing whenever it arrived brought to mind a rickety geriatric creature that should be put to pasture.Bottom line is I wouldn't stay here again unless I could get a room for less than $100.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't Do It! Although, I really didn't see any insects, I would describe this hotel as a fleabag. Supposedly, it has recently been renovated. I can't begin to imagine how it must have looked before the renovation. The bathroom was downright dirty; dirty floor tile; the toilet was hard to flush and was so loud that we could hear other people flushing on the floor above us. That's not all. We had a no-smoking room, but smoke came in our room through the vents. Horrible! The ceiling in the bathroom leaked an orange-colored liquid on to the bathroom sink/counter. It was either rust or nicotine. Gross. The staff were, for the most part, friendly. Breakfast on the Beach was mediocre, although a good variety was offered. Tikis Grill  Bar was excellent.This was my first time in Waikiki. I won't be back. Anyone who liked crowds and concrete jungles with a beach will like it. I recommend Kauai--just beautiful and unspoiled. It's wonderful. We spent 10 days there, and 5 in Oahu. Waikiki was a rude awakening after Kauai.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelmomca
<Content>Not a typical 4*, but It'll do Spent over a week at this hotel in July 2003. Overall this place was decent but it is definitely not the four seasons for all you selective hotel guests like me. Staff was very nice and accomodating. We switched rooms a couple of times. We originally booked mauka tower but upgraded before we got there so I really cant comment on the rooms there. Had a partial view room on the opposite side of the pool. Had to step out on a very small balcony to get a good look and it overlooked other hotel rooms and some pipes. We changed rooms the same day.Then had a oceanfront room on the 18th floor. Wonderful view. Advice, If you do get an ocean front room ask for a corner room ( I believe the 29 and 34 numbers) There are only 2 on each floor and they are the bigger rooms. If you look at the floor plan inside your room door you will see what I mean. We then changed back to partial view(requested poolside) because we were visiting family all day and didnt get good use of the oceanview anyhow with the extra charge. Poolside rooms are better. Decent view but a little more noise if you dont mind. There is nightly music that you can hear and we had 2 small children who went to bed early so it was a little loud. Other advise, make sure you dont get the room that is right in front of the employee access door(there is one on every floor) its right by the ice machine. The employees go through there at all hours and that door slams very loud. I finally had to call the front desk at 2am because the noise kept waking me and my children up. They didnt let the door slam the rest of the night(unfortunately our last night there) Also check your lanai's for debris. Our first room had lots of broken glass that was not cleaned and my 1 yr old went to pick it up. Bathrooms could be cleaner. Paint and tile was chipped. Beaded curtains were kind of a nuisance with the kids pulling them.They are irresistable to kids. Rooms are small. Ocean front views are bigger. I was dissapointed with the food from Tiki's Bar and Grill despite other reviews. They have partial room service ie: they can send up one salad but not another or only certain appetizers. So we finally just went down to order(they wouldnt take our order by phone) then wait for the food and bring it up to our room. Wolfgang Pucks food was very good. Breakfast was okay. Good for the kids with easy foods (cereal,milk,fruit,pastry etc). Hotel has a great waikiki location if you want to be in the middle of everything. Definitely not a quiet hotel if your looking for some good RR. Valet parking only can get annoying at times but there is no other choice. Free beach chairs and towels were a plus. All in all it was okay. A little too busy for my taste but again I did have two small children and we were visiting family and not really spending time at the hotel doing the tourist stuff.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Wonderful Place to stay My Husband and I stayed at the Aston Wakiki Beach Hotel, June 14 to June 21, 2003 The hotel was very clean and very nice. We enjoyed both of there new restraunts the tiki bar and wolfgang puck's bistro. The B.O.B. was very good and many different things were on it everydaywe both enjoyed are stay here and maybe we will come back very soon The staff members were very couterous and very nice  
<Date>Jul 9, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Bargain True, this is NOT a 4-star hotel, but don't let that deter you. My wife and I attended a wedding and took along our infant daughter (the three boys were left on the mainland). A week before leaving, I read some of the current reviews and prepared myself for the worst. My worries were unnecessary! No doubt, if I paid the full rack rate and arrived expecting the Ritz-Carleton, I would have blown someone's head off; but I did not travel to Hawaii to stay either in the hotel lobby or in the room. I wanted a nice room, the best view possible, and convenience. I got all three!The Hotel:It is located directly across from Waikiki Beach. Cross two lanes of traffic and the opposite sidewalk and you're on the beach. The pool is very nice with a large deck surrounding it. There is an outside bar approximately thirty feet from the pool, and there is plenty of umbrella-covered tables that wrap around the pool side of the hotel all the way to the beachside. Since the pool and seating area is on the second level, there is a great view of the water no matter where you are. The check-in desk is located adjacent to the pool area and is open-air (which explains the background noise that I heard when I called the hotel prior to arriving). I peeked into a few of the partial ocean view rooms and they all seemed to be similar to one another. In my opinion, the higher the floor, the better ... but that is a matter of preference. We stayed in Room 1934. I would strongly recommend reseving this room. It is an OCEAN VIEW room on the 19th floor. In addition, since it is a corner room, you overlook both the beach and the pool. Another added benefit is that it is more private than the centrally located ocean view rooms; in those rooms, one can peek around the balcony partition to see in the room next door. The corner rooms on the opposite side overlook both the beach and a large park. Regardless of whether you get a corner room, it is worth paying extra to get one with a full ocean view. Since the rooms face south, the balconies stay shaded until around 2 p.m. and are very comfortable temperaturewise. You can also leave the sliding glass doors open without cooking inside the room. In the evening, there is a gorgeous view of the sun as it sets behind the western mountains. If you haven't already figured it out, the most impressive aspect of the room was the balcony/view. (Like the rest of the hotels in Waikiki, the balconies in this hotel are small (about 7'x4') and there is only one chair out there.) The room itself is rather garishly decorated (the interior decorator must have been color blind), but then again where else do they wear Hawaiian shirts. Unless you are incredibly uptight, you'll laugh about it for two minutes, then walk out onto the balcony and all but forget what the room looks like. The room itself was clean (recall that we had an infant crawling around the floor), but the neither the carpet nor the wallpaper appeared to have been part of the thirty million dollar renovation. There is no separate vanity or dressing area. The bathroom was clean. There were only three drawers in the dresser, so if you pack heavy you'll have to leave some stuff in your suitcase or put it on the shelf in in the closet. Beds were comfortable, linens were clean, and the obnoxious bedspread was new.Food:The hotel does not have room service, although you might be able to get the in-house restaurant to deliver lunch or dinner to the room; we never asked. On the pool level, the restaurant (Tiki's) had excellent food. As an appetizer, get the Nachos, it serves three people -- and my wife, who's from West Texas, said that they are among the best she's ever had. We ate lunch there one afternoon and the food and the service were excellent. Again the view from the balcony tables is wonderful, but the restaurant's interior was definitely part of the renovation ... very nice. At the street level of the hotel, there is a Wolfgang Puck's. Being from Louisiana, I'd never been to one. Again, the food was excellent (rotisserie chicken, gourmet pizza, salads, deli sandwiches). It is not a restaurant, per se; you order at a counter and are handed a beeper. You can eat inside, at the street level tables, or you can walk upstairs and eat beside the pool. Average entree price at either place is around $9 (reasonable in Waikiki). The Breakfast on the Beach is a nice touch. Don't expect fine cuisine, the food is packaged so that it can be carted to the beach or to your room. Unless your tastes are very narrow, you'll find something that you'll like. The cinnamon rolls are dynamite, the hash browns range from good to greasy, the Miso soup runs out too quick (because it's good), the french toast sticks are very good, the breakfast bagels (egg  sausage) are okay, and the sausage  egg tortillas are okay. There was never a line when I went down. According to my wife, the fresh fruit with coconut yogurt was excellent (that too, ran out early).Convenience:The International Marketplace is about six blocks away. You can negotiate jewelry prices and get good deals on t-shirts, if that is your bent. (If you want to buy novelty items and get a great deal on everything ranging from Macedamia nuts to clothing, skip the IM and go to the Swap Meet at the Aloha Stadium. Vendors sell everything dirt-cheap there and it was recommended to us by about ten locals. It's open on the weekend and on Wednesdays and is about a fifteen minute drive from the hotel or only two minutes away from Pearl Harbor.) There are restaurants and stores all around the hotel so you don't really need to rent a car. If you do rent a car, splurge and get a convertible -- believe me, it's worth it. Waikiki is NOT Hawaii; it is crowded and metropolitan. If you want to see the island's beauty, drive to the end of H-1 or one of the coastal roads.The Staff:Contrary to some of the other reviews I have read, I found that the staff bent over backwards to help us. I asked for a higher floor, they moved us. The maid (Nora) came back to vacuum our room a second time when our baby crushed some crackers and spread them on the floor around her. Keith at the front desk quizzed us on what we were looking for in a restaurant (ambiance, food, view, etc...) and then called three different ones to check the wait since we had a child with us. Bottom line, everyone smiled -- no scowls, no looks of unhappiness; if the other reviews are accurate, we must have enjoyed some good kharma.Overall Value:Our rate was outrageously low ($157.00 per night, INCLUDING TAX) during our stay (6/29/03 - 7/3/03). This alone told me the hotel was not a four star, overhead would preclude such rates. The rest of our family was staying at the Radisson Prince Kuhio. By comparison the PK had a beautiful lobby, the rooms and balconies were similar in size to AWBH, and PK had room service. The AWBH's pool area was better, it was right on the beach (PK was 1 block off). The view from PK's ocean view rooms was partially obstructed by the Marriot; AWBH's ocean view rooms were completely unobstructed. PK's rates were higher. PK had coffee maker in room and a mini-fridge; AWBH had mini-fridge in room, but no coffee maker. PK's room decor was more pleasing to the eye. PK had the more traditional buffet line, but AWBH's Breakfast on the Beach was more fun. I recommend scouring the internet for good rates. We booked through a local agency (Hawaii Aloha Travel - go2hawaii) which I found on the net, and it could not have gone more smoothly. In fact, the rate I got through HAT was $45.00 PER NIGHT lower than the closest competitor. I didn't look at any of the rooms in the Mauka Tower, so I can't comment on whether it would be a good move to book those rooms. If you can get an ocean view at $200 (plus tax) a night, I still think that it's a no-brainer.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>TIME OF MY LIFE I stayed at the Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel for 4 nights May 24-28 with two of my friends. It's beachfront location and BOB (free breakfast on the beach) were great! We were able to save more money a this beautiful beachfront hotel because of its great location than we woudl have in a shabbier off beach condo. I will definately return!  
<Date>Jul 2, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>The_Coach55
<Content>Great location, but...... Stayed at the Waikiki Beach from 15-22 June, and its major selling point is it's great beach-side location, affording terrific views across the entire Waikiki Beach area. The other plus points are the helpful staff, and good food/service in Tiki's restaurant.On the down side, I can only agree with a previous reviewer that the hotel is basically a glorified motel, and should not be worthy of 4 stars. The rooms (although clean  presentable) are quite small, and there was not enough space to accommodate even 2 persons' clothing.The 'Breakfast on the Beach' concept was, in my opinion, a total rip-off, as the food supplied was comparable to the rubbish airlines dispense as 'breakfast', making you yearn for freshly cooked fare.The pool was also quite small, although there were plently of sunbeds and chairs available, it was necessary to time your visit if you wanted to swim.In summary, if I were to use the hotel again, I would get a room in the Mauka Tower, as I believe these rooms are not only cheaper, but also bigger, and don't provide 'Breakfast on the Beach' (much better to use the numerous nearby outlets for something fresher and cheaper).  
<Date>Jun 25, 2003
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Eh, it ain't the Ritz but it'll do... My friend and I stayed here from June 9th - 16th and had no major problems. The service and general atmosphere of the place is wonderful. Breakfast food was good and well worth it although we did get a little tired of it by the end of our trip. Tiki's restaurant is fantastic!My only complaint would be the size of the room and the bathroom. The carpet was old and stained and the bathroom floor was very grubby looking. Oh and the decor is soooo tacky! But I guess for the amount of time you spend in the room you can deal with it.If you book a partial ocean view room be sure to request one on the pool side of the hotel otherwise you'll have to lean out of the balcony to see about a foot of ocean.Feel free to email me if you have any questions about the hotel, I'll be glad to help.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it!! Will never again stay anywhere else inWaikiki!! Our vacation to Waikiki was the week of May 23, 2003. I have tostart by saying, that I am really sad to read about the bad experiencesthat some of the previous reviewers had at this hotel. This is my 7th timeto Waikiki and I truly will never stay anywhere else.This was my first realvacation away from home with my mother and my 2 year old daughter. I haveto first mention that we flew United Airlines, and just want to mentionthat they do not ever allow pre-boarding for passengers with children anylonger. They said that it takes too long. So those of you with car seats toinstall on the plane, take another airline like Hawaiian Airlines, orAloha.First of all, the reception/check-in, desk staff, especially GLENN,was outstanding! They were all so friendly, helpful and professional. Uponcheck-in, we were booked for the Makua Tower which is the budget room withno ocean view, no balcony, and only partially renovated. We had booked thetrip through Expedia, and got an amazing package deal. Upon arrival, weasked how much it would be to upgrade our room to one with a balcony sincethe hotel is ocean front, and it would have been a shame to not be able tofully enjoy the beauty of it. We finally ended up with a gorgeous JuniorSuite, their largest room, full ocean view/ocean front with 2 balconies.Well worth the upgrade! Thanks to Glenn, our new best friend!!The room wason the 15th floor and was VERY LARGE and roomy. It was about 30 feet by12-15 feet. It had a large king size bed and a Queen size sofa sleeper.There was also a desk with a chair, a table for two with two chairs foreating, a mini fridge, a coffee table, and every room has an ironing boardwith iron and also a hair dryer. The room was extremely clean and welldecorated. It definitely has a funky, hip flair to it. I loved it.I alwaysknow when a rooms carpet is clean when you walk in socks throughout theroom each day and your socks are still white on the soles. Sounds strangebut it is true.The bathrooms were clean, especially compared to otherhotels in Waikiki that I have stayed at. I didnt notice any mold or mildewin our bathroom as another reviewer mentioned. Our housekeeping attendantdid a superb job.The hotel does offer room service which is from Tikis Barand Grill downstairs at the poolside. We had room service every night, andthe food is EXCELLENT! The restaurant staff was also very very nice. Theother restaurant on site is Wolfgang Pucks Express, which offers pasta,sandwiches, salads, and some other caf茅 eats that were also delicious.Great food there as well. Around the corner within walking distance wasDennys, Starbucks, Coldstones Frozen Yogurt. There is an ABC Store thatcarries just about anything you need just around the corner as well. Allwithin walking distance. So convenient!!If you wanted to book someactivities, Tommy was a great help at the Expedia Tour Desk in the lobby ofthe hotel. Super friendly and patient Oahu local.The breakfast buffet isoffered to all guests except those in the Makua Tower. It was just great.There is a huge assortment of dry cereal and milk, yogurt, pastries likemuffins (my favorite), bagels with cream cheese, cinnamon rolls, Frenchtoast sticks, steamed white rice, miso soup, potstickers, hot egg andham/sausage sandwiches on croissant or bagel, hash browns, breakfastburritos, Chinese almond jello (white with mandarin oranges on top) mostpeople didnt know what this was, but it was to die for! Also there wasfresh fruit and fountain juices like pineapple, orange, guava, lemonade.There was fresh coffee and tea as well.The swimming pool is beautiful andclean. There are these large cushioned loungers to lounge around onsurrounding the pool, which were sooo comfy.This hotel is ideal forfamilies with children because the location is right across from the beach,within walking distance to the Honolulu Zoo and the Waikiki Aquarium. It isat the end of the main strip of hotels on Kalakaua Avenue and so there isno hotel on the far side of you. Makes it nicer and quieter.I willdefinitely stay here again, in fact, we are planning to return there inOctober 2003.Happy Travels!  
<Date>Jun 12, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great service and location, but shabby rooms I stayed at the Waikiki Beach in June 2003. The service, location and free breakfast were fantastic. I was not impressed with the room. It seemed clean, but fairly shabby, with paint chipping off the bathroom walls. We had a city view room which consisted of a view of a rooftop and a wall. You might be better off spending the extra money for an ocean view room. For the $100 a night we spent, it was fine. Just don't go expecting a 4-star luxury hotel.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2003
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>borad
<Content>Great Beach-Side Value If you want to be on the beach in Waikiki but don't want to spend a lot of money this is your best bet. The hotel itself is average but we weren't in Hawaii for the hotel - we were there for the beach and this locatio is wonderful. The hotel is right across Kalakaua Ave. from lovely Kuhio Beach (adjacent to Waikiki). The benefit here is the beach - it's actually much nicer than Waikiki. Fewer people, more sand to lay out, nice lanai's, good facilities, vollyball nets and a wonderful park a block away. In addition it's a short walk the the International Marketplace and Waikiki proper so you don't miss out on shopping and partying at Dukes on Friday/Saturday afternoons. In real estate they say location, location, location and this hotel has all that. Again, the hotel is average. No room service, older structure (although renovated rooms), smallish rooms, and a below average pool area by Hawaii standards. That said, I'd go here again without pause.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place As Base We have just returned from The Aston Waikiki On The Beach after ten days holiday on Oahu. We found the hotel an excellent place to base ourselves for our trips around Oahu and its location over the road from the beach and next to the Zoo and Aquarium. The hotel provides a fairly standard holiday room with no frills, which is all you should expect for the price. There are two restaurants on site which are adequate and a pool-side bar open all day. We went out almost every evening so we used one of the restaurants only once but the food was perfectly acceptable and if we had not wanted to go out each night, we could have stayed in the hotel to eat without a problem. We had to ask for a kettle so that we could make hot drinks in the room. However, this was provided free of charge so no complaints there. We had no problems with anything at the Waikiki and our partial view room (717) over the pool had as good a view of the ocean and Waikiki beach that you could ask for. The free breakfast is well worth having and whilst we did not need to stuff ourselves with everything on offer, we saw plenty of people who did and no-one questioned it. As we booked through expedia, we were delighted to find an expedia travel desk at the hotel. Tommy is their rep from Monday thru Thursday. He was excellent. He booked all our tours and dealt with the occasional problems we had expertly. I should point out that there were three desks at the hotel but we only used the expedia one. We booked a coach tour of the island with E Noa Tours. Their driver, CB or Clarence, was also excellent and well-recommended.I would recomment this hotel to anyone and advise them to see Tommy to sort out all their trips. He is especially worth a tip for his services and we didn't fail him.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>4-Stars my *** Expedia gave this place 4 out of 5 stars. That's funny. How can a hotel that doesn't have room service get 4 stars? At best, this place is a very nice MOTEL. Honestly, it's more like a superficially renovated college dormitory.Our room was small. If your accustomed to the spacious 700 sq.ft. rooms of Las Vegas, you will surely be disappointed. The overall decor looks like it was designed by someone from MTV. That can be good or bad depending on your tastes. Even if you like the decor, the crummy underlayer shows thru.There are painted wood access panels in the bathroom ceiling. The new paint is bubbling and cracking where the wall meets the ceiling. Mildew/grime runs rampant in the grout between the 1 inch floor tiles in the bathroom; this should have been the first thing that was axed during the renovation. The carpets are dirty even by hotel standards. I really wonder if the carpet was part of the renovation.It seems that they decided to put $30 million into the flashy comfortors. It's too warm in HI to use comfortors. The door in our room was not sealed properly. Constant wind would howel thru the floor gap providing a breeze for our calves 24 hours a day. Because of the wind noise, we had to put towels at the bottom of the door to get sleep. Not much help since the wind would howel thru the sides and top of the door and rustle the bamboo closet curtain like wooden chimes. Maybe the gale force winds were due to the fact that we were on the 24th floor.As for the view, our room was in the northwestern most corner of the hotel, xx01 series. We got a partial ocean view room and the view was better than expected. I could check the surf each morning just by stepping out on the lanai, SWEEET. Or if I was really lazy, I could just look in the mirror and get a reflection of the beach while sitting on the bed.The overall service was pleasant. And the breakfast was palatable. Nothing to die for, but it's free and there's a large selection to make most people happy. If you can't be American. There's usually breakfast bagel/croissant sandwiches or burritos, quiche, hash browns, miso soup, steamed rice, potstickers, cinammon rolls, french toast sticks, selection of fruit juices and sodas. Really, what did you expect as free breakfast at a dormitory? Lobster and filet mignon?Aston Waikiki Beach = MTV Dormitory.  
<Date>May 29, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Why all the complaining? When I booked this hotel, it had recd numerous positive reviews. We were not disappointed. We splurged for the ocean view room and loved it. Our room was not large but big enough for 2 people. How much room do people need anyway? Our room had 2 double beds, a table with 2 chairs, and the TV, refrigerator, dresser ensemble. The lanai looked right out on the ocean and we had a great view of all of Waikiki. Most people with ocean front rooms were there to watch the sunsets. Worth the extra money. It was so relaxing sitting out on the lanai just watching the surfers and boogie boarders. We were close to everything but on the end of the strip so didn't have all the noise and commotion other hotels got. We found that closing the lanai door and shutting the curtain blocked out nearly all of the street noise. The breakfast on the beach was okay. Not great food but good enough to fill you up. We particularly liked the miso soup and the Japanese pot stickers. There was always cereal, a warm breakfast sandwich, quiche, tiny bagels and muffins, sweet rolls, fruit, yogurt and a jello concoction. The food at the Tiki bar and grill was great. There was always entertainment at 4:00 and 9:00. The hotel was not full the week we stayed so it might get kind of crazy later but we found we always had good service. The staff at the activities desk were very helpful and patient with questions. We enjoyed ourselves very much and would go back.  
<Date>May 25, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome Feel! Breakfast was great! Awesome service too! I stayed at the Aston 3/03, and loved every minute of it! It was great! The BOB was superb, and the open air feeling was so fun. I'll go back again and again!  
<Date>May 22, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>All in all it wasn't bad! I just got back from the Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel yesterday and I didn't think it was all that bad. I booked my trip through Pleasant Holidays and had initally requested a partial ocean view room. When I got there it was infact a partial ocean view but the majority of the view was of another hotel's roof. The front desk gladly allowed us to upgrade our room to an ocean view on the pool side of the hotel for $30 a night, which I thought well worth it. The view from my 22nd floor room was a good one. I was happy to spend the extra money. It was not a huge room. But it was big enough for the three of us to stay in there comfortably. The beds were comfortable, and I had no complanits about getting cold or sheets not fitting. I did notice that the bathrooms were not exactly spectacular but I wasn't grossed out by them or unable to handle the small paint cracks. I get grossed out easily so if this was something unbareable I would have complained. Unlike other reviews I've read on this hotel I thought the Breakfast on the Beach was disgusting. I ate it beacause it was free and I was hungry but if I could have easily gone somewhere else I would have. There was limited sitting at the pool deck for breakfast but if we wanted to eat on our balcony we were forced to fight off the birds. We never used the pool. The beach is right acrossed the street so I didn't see any need for it. Plus the ocean water was warmer than the pool anyways. We did enjoy the pool furniture though. They had huge bed like pieces for you to lay on which were nice when we hung out there at night. You can't beat the hotel's location it's a convienient walk to a ton of shopping including the International Marketplace. My one major complaint was that during our entire stay there was endless contruction happening across the street. They starting working every day at 7:30 so we never got to sleep in. All of the trolleys, buses, and other transporation is right near by if not in front of the hotel. I have stayed at several hotels and this waeither. I would recomend it to someone who is slightly younger. The girls that I went with and I are all in our 20's. I believe it definitely caters to a younger crowd. It's not too ritzy or uptight. If you want a nice place to relax and enjoy your trip I would without a doubt recommend this hotel. I had a great time and I think anyone that makes the best of anything would as well. If anyone has any other questions feel free to e-mail me. I'd be glad to help you.  
<Date>May 22, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't expect too much or you might be disappointed Just got back from Oahu (May 18th). After reading about the 30 milliion renovation, I thought we were going to be in a new looking hotel. We were wrong! The rooms were very tiny. If you request and ocean view, you might still be disappointed with your view because unless you get real lucky, you will need to step out of your balcony to see the ocean. From the look of the hotel, the renovation took place maybe 10 years ago. Our bathroom had mold on the ceiling. After checking out 2-4 different rooms, we ended up paying extra to get the junior suite, which is actually the size of a standard room elsewhere. The breakfast was good, but after the 5th day, we kind of got sick of it. Tiki's Bar and Grill had excellent food and service. The location was good. Overall, I think this hotel is not worth the price they charge.  
<Date>May 19, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Renovated? Not that I could see! We stayed here May 2003. This hotel is rated as a 4 star hotel, but I have to tell you that what I found there is equivalent to a 2 star hotel at best. It was a complete disappointment. I am a former property manager experienced in maintenance, remodeling and construction. None of the 30 million dollars they are speaking about in there advertisement was used to remodel the rooms unless it was so cosmetically minimal, that it wasn't even noticeable. My daughter was already staying on the 16th floor when I arrived. I got a chance to inspect her room as well. I was staying on the 20th floor. All of the hallways in this hotel consist of dirty old carpet and aged hallways. The carpeting in our bedrooms was old and dirty. The wall paper in the rooms were aged and stained. The bathrooms were not updated and the tile on the bathroom floors contained mold and dirt in the grout and mold in the corners. The exterior of the building was in need of paint. The swimming pool and surrounding deck was never cleaned even once the 3 days we were there. The pool was filthy (dirt on the bottom, lots of suntan oil floating on the top, etc) and you couldn't even see the bottom of the pool. We could not even swim in the pool it was so disgusting. I am also a former pool manager and I could easily spot this neglected eye sore.The bed sheets didn't even fit the bed. We had two double beds and it looked like a twin flat sheet was used for the lower sheet and all night long this sheet kept moving around. This is described as a Hip Hawaiian hotel recalling the Elvis era with a $30-million renovation completed in late 2002 with a colorful embodiment of the casual Hawaiian fun portrayed in 1960s movies. Well, it still looks like the 1960s alright and none of the renovations described can be found where you would like them to be.  
<Date>May 19, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Four STAR? We stayed here the end of February 2003 after the renovations were done. The rooms are NOT CHEAP here for what they are. This hotel is supposidly rated 4 stars. I was assured both times I called and talked with the reservation agents that they had been to the hotel and saw the renovations and they were GORGEOUS (define gorgeous for me please!) I personally thought the decor was rather tacky. I looked up the hotel on the Internet and thought That must have been BEFORE the renovations! It wasn't. What you see there is definitely what you get: 1950s tacky Hawaiiana decor. Luckily we used our Entertainment coupon rate and got 1/2 off, which still made the room $194 (for us, $300 Cnd) a night (from $400 something USD, $600 Cnd). As you walk down the hallways, you definitely notice the age of the hotel. It seems like they must have done the renovations in the lobby/pool/lounge area and the lower-level drop-off area. I didn't notice them anywhere else.The breakfast on the beach was a joke because it was raining both days and we had to take it back up to our rooms because there was no where to sit around the pool due to limited seating and what seemed to be millions of people everywhere. Most of what they offered was semi-edible (muffins, yogurt, greasy hashbrown, some sort of breakfast burrito, dry cereal, fruit, juices, -- and miso soup, fish cakes and rice for an alternative.) McDonalds would have been better.However... the staff were PHENOMENAL. Most hotel front desk staff would have thought we were nightmare guests with all the room changes we made. I had requested a particular type of room, but it wasn't available because the hotel was already full when we finally arrived late that night. I was informed upon check-in that they had already upgraded us to a Junior Suite (red decor). Because I really disliked the red decor and wanted the more subtle green/yellow, they happily changed my room again. Unfortunately it was on a much lower floor above the lounhigher room on the Diamond Head side if you want any sleep!!!). They happily changed my room once more with a smile!  
<Date>May 6, 2003
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Aston Waikiki Beach - Great Experience The location of this hotel is great - right on Waikiki Beach (well, across the street, but not more than a couple yards). We had an Ocean View (not partial) room on the 20th floor. It was GREAT!! Most of the rooms in Waikiki are smaller because the hotels were built so long ago. However, we didn't spend much time in our room, so it wasn't a big deal. We used the Entertainment Book when we made our reservations and it was an excellent value for Ocean View. The staff was friendly and accommodating. Parking is rather expensive ($13/day with tax), and there wasn't an option of self-parking, so we turned in our car a few days early since we were within walking distance to everything on Waikiki Beach and had already toured the island for 4 days. The pool area is on the second floor and gives you a view of the beach. The pool is COLD, but feels rather nice after baking in the sun. Their free Breakfast-On-The-Beach deal is awesome. Variety  quantity. They even let you check out soccer chairs to take down to the beach with you. Some mornings we brought breakfast back to our room and ate on our balcony. Be sure to ask for a room on the pool side of the hotel otherwise you'll be looking right into another hotel and not get much sunlight or view. Tiki's Bar  Grill at the hotel is full of the Aloha spirit. The food  drinks are good and the staff is friendly. Having Wolfgang Pucks Express, Cold Stone ice cream,  Starbucks right downstairs was a plus as well. All in all, my husband and I had a great experience at the Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel. It wasn't the Ritz Carlton, but we weren't paying those high prices either. I would compare it to an ocean front Holiday Inn. Hope this helps you make your travel decision.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>One night at the Aston Waikiki Beach We stayed one night in April 2003 at the Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel. This is a colorfully decorated, semi-clean hotel in the heart of the action on the Waikiki strip. The junior suite we had was smaller than most standard hotel rooms. There was no hot water for a shower because the boiler had broken. The desk staff was less than empathetic. In fact, the manager avoided the customers who took the time to ask for a discount. Note - If you didn't ask, you didn't get a discount for the inconvenience. The walls are paper-thin and the bathrooms small. We cut our stay short by 3 nights and moved down the street to a 5-start luxury hotel for an extra $10 per night. The hotel is great for kids - young ones and college ones. I recommend the discriminating traveler to pass this one up. The money spent here can be more wisely spent at one of the hotels at the other end of the street.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>okay but not great. This is a decent hotel but nothing spectacular. The pool is small and cold with limited seating. The hotel staff was neither friendly nor rude...just doing their job. We asked for an upgrade knowing that the hotel wasn't full and declined the $35/night charge to be moved to the side of the hotel with the pool. The room we were given was very disappointing. We had booked a partial oceanview with balcony. Our balcony was standing room only and from there you could see a few feet of ocean. We received a view of the air conditioning units and the hotel next door. I was on the verge of crying I was so disappointed. And we were considering moving to another hotel knowing we would be charged 3 days. The next evening I went to the desk and asked for a different room. I was moved to the side of the hotel with the pool view for no additional charge because it was in the same category.....not what the guy at the desk told us the night before. Be weary when asking for an upgrade because if you decline you will get a dump for a room. The rooms were small but satisfactory and we did get a sit down balcony like I was expecting. I agree with another post about the bathroom floors being dingy. If you rent a car they only offer valet parking for $12.50/day. It takes about 15 minutes to get your car and they won't let you park it out front even if you are just running upstairs for something. We didn't find this as too much of an inconvenience, but was telling you more for information. The breakfast bags were great. This is the only perk I found for staying at this hotel. Free breakfast. It was a nice variety of foods and they were always hot. We would eat about 6:30 and on our way out of the hotel for the day could pick up a drink and snack before leaving. Very nice. I think I would stay again just for this convenience. The location is excellent and was easy walking to everything, however there are many, many hotels right in this same area.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Well above average Just returned for Waikiki 4/03 Have been to Waikiki before and thought Aston was perfect! Free breakfast was a huge plus! Nice clean room. Friendly staff, Pool was a bit chilly my only complaint.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not a 4 star Hotel!!!!!!! We stayed here the end of March 2003. This is definitely not a 4 star hotel as it is rated everywhere. I would like to know where the $30 million renovation went. We saw 2 different rooms when we were there  both had dingy, stained carpet  OLD, creaky uncomfortable beds that sagged in the middle. The tile on the bathroom floor is old  really dirty. The only new things in the room were (thankfully), the tub  sink. Even if you don't spend a lot of time in the room, for a supposed 4 star hotel, you expect very clean  nice, and this hotel isn't it. I will say that the location was good, but so was the location of several nicer hotels on this same street. Believe me, we've stayed in many 4  5 star hotels,  if you're used to nice places, you'll be sorely disappointed. Wolfgang Puck's did have good food though, and the Breakfast on the go was decent.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved It! I had the best time at this hotel! The BOB was great and the restaurant/bar (Tiki's) was phenomenal! Not to mention that a lot of the waiters are quite good looking (all you single gals out there)! The view from our oceanfront hotel room was to die for! I just got back a few days ago and will be heading back in a month! :)  
<Date>Apr 4, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CanadianRambler
<Content>Nice Hotel We stayed here a year ago when the hotel was undergoing its renovation, but even then it was a great place to stay. We got a great deal on Expedia due to the reno's, and our room had already been renovated and was quite nice. The location is at the far end of the Diamond Head side of the beach, and the beach is right across the street with a good swimming area for kids (there is a breakwater a ways out so the water is very calm). It is also very close to the zoo and aquarium, and the Kodak Hula show which is well worth the (free) admission. However, we found it slightly inconvenient to places like the international marketplace and other central attractions and dining - we put a lot of miles on our sandals! There are worse things in the world than walking up and down Waikiki beach though, so I will not complain.Back to the hotel, the pool area was great, staff was nice and helpful (as everyone in Hawaii seemed to be - Disneyland is not the happiest place on earth, Hawaii is!), rooms were clean and well attended, and there were good transportation links - close to bus to Hanauma Bay (but snorkeling there is the worst in Hawaii due to overuse) and buses to the shopping centres. Well worth a stay  
<Date>Mar 27, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We had a great stay!! My family and I had a great stay at this property. The location was our first reason for staying as we had our 26 month old in tow. Once we arrived it was more than the location. The staff was very helpful (thanks heaps Lydia!!..our housekeeper) and the food at Tiki's was excellent. I would and will not hesitate to recommend this property to anyone that is going to visit Waikiki. Walking distance to everything and the Zoo and Aquarium are very close, which we visited several times during our stay, and a very family friendly beach right across the street...and of course the ever popular BOB (breakfast on the beach).We will definately be going back!  
<Date>Mar 17, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>One of the Best! My family and I stayed here for a week and this is one of the BEST hotels we stayed in. We are travelers and have been to over 18 countries, and this is the best of the best. The rooms may be on the small side, but the service is BIG. It is right next to the beach and the view was remarkable!  
<Date>Feb 25, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel We just returned from Waikiki, our first visit there and it certainly won't be our last. We stayed at the Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel. Our room was in the Mauka Tower (no view) which was fine with us. It was clean and roomy. Housekeeping did a good job each day and was quick to deliver anything we requested. If you don't want to spend alot of money on a room you that you won't be in that much, definitely consider the Mauka Tower rooms, the price is definitely right. The ABC stores on abundant and carry all the essentials. We shopped around and found their prices to be very reasonable. We found Waikiki to be clean and safe. The people in the restaurants and shops were friendly. We recommend Tommy's Tours for transportation to Hanuama Bay for snorkeling. We rented a car for one day to drive up the Windward coast to the North Shore. Don't miss a stop at Giovanni's Shrimp truck in Kahuku, can't miss it right off the highway. Pearl Harbor is a don't miss as well. The Polynesian Culture Center was a very good presentation of the different islands and their Ali'i Luau was very good. We found our time in Waikiki very pleasurable and highly recommend it as a travel destination.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A fabulous place to relax A terrific hotel, with fantastic staff. We were upgraded from the Aston Aloha Surf, and stayed for a week at the Waikiki Beach. What a wonderful place to be! The breakfast selection was amazing (although it would be nice to see some recycling of the packing), the staff were all friendly and helpful, and the room was out of this world. The ocean view rooms must have some of the best views in Waikiki, especially from the 25th floor. Our room was kept extremely clean, and all of the staff were welcoming. We were particularly impresed with the front desk staff, who went out of their way to make sure that we were well taken care of. I will absolutely stay there again  
<Date>Feb 14, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Choice We spent the first week of February, 2003 at this hotel. Originally booked the Makau Tower, but upgraded to ocean front for VERY Good $$ upon our arrival. Upgrade was worth it. Only sign of construction left from the 2002 construction is some work on a store on the ground level which had no Impact on our stay. Services were good. Hotel, Car, Airfare book on Expedia and all arrangements were correct as expected. Hotel had great location to beaches, stores, activities, etc.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>manzyLV
<Content>Most Excellent Vacation Location Just got back from Waikiki yesterday. We stayed at the Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel for seven days. I must congratulate the hotel on the excellent job they did on the renovations. The location of this hotel is excellent and the Breakfast on the Beach is a hit.The staff were all very nice to deal with, the Tiki bar was great and the Wolfgang Puck bistro cooked up some mighty fine food. Cannot say enough about this place - coming back again. This was our third visit to Hawaii and the hotel was the best we had, considering the cost.CONGRATULATIONS ASTON!!!Terry Manz  
<Date>Jan 28, 2003
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Xmas in Hawaii First, I would like to thank the manager and all her staff for such a fine stay at their hotel. After reading some of the other reviews, and the complaints regarding the construction, all I can say is, do a better job at making plans--don't rely on agents--call the hotel direct. Everyone that my family and I came in contact with during our stay were very courteous and eager to assist. The location was excellent and the room was comfortable for a party of five. Also, the breakfast bags are a novel idea--nice value-add service, and the selection of food and juices were excellent. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone making plans to vist the beautiful island of Oahu.Thanks for making our vacation so pleasant.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay Again? You Betcha!! First I must give credit were credit is due. I did a months research on places to stay and this site is what won me over!! I went right after the renovations/construction (Nov. 7-10, 2002) I must say that these reviews helped prepare me for the worst...but it was the absolute most fabulous stay/location for the economical traveler willing to spend no more that $1000-$1150! (that includes airfare (Delta)) It's a bargain, trust me. You're paying for location, but the initial price was a steal for me! Couldn't pass it up. This is the long and short of it. If it's your first time there, you won't be in the hotel much unless it's a special engagement (ie, marriage). But while there, I opted for a $30 upgrade from the crummy backside of the hotel to a partial ocean view on the 14th floor! Yes, it was my first time there and I was out and about all day long. I made extra effort to get back to the hotel for the sunsets. Looking over the balcony, there's the spectacular sounds of 'The Tiki' grill. One night, there was a trio of Hawaiian flame-torch jugglers. Very intense and amazing. Again, construction was completed on the 'deck' (ie, Tiki's, pool area  Check-in) and main hotel tower. But they were still renovating the street level shops. The two best things about the hotel were 1) it's location (on corner of Waikiki, 24hr Denny's right next door, beach across street, aquarium, zoo, and Diamond Head park right next door on the leftside), 2) all of the tour trolley's, airport shuttles and mall charter buses ($1.25 one-way to best mall) stop right at the hotel entrance. I must say that the $500-$800 I spent on the hotel was an investment in memories. Period!  
<Date>Dec 27, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best location @ Waikiki Beach THE ASTON @Waikiki Beach has 3 things going for IT! LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION. The beach is right outside your window, the service IS GREAT, and the staff EXCELLENT!! The valet parking boys are a plus to the staff and all will assist you with suggestions andor directions. We were there OCTOBER 6-13, just before the bar was completed, but the decor,the location, and the price of this middle-class palace is enough to get me back to OAHU!! If you wnt to see the most picture perfect postcard sunsets in the world, this is the place to watch, whether it's from poolside or from your balcony!! HAWAII, SEE YA AGAIN!! had agreat time there. DINO BANUELOS  
<Date>Dec 10, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I am from Hawaii and we only stay here I was born and raised on Oahu, and now live on the Big Island of Hawaii. We first stayed at the Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel because our original reservation which was at a sister hotel, The Waikiki Grand, was overbooked upon our check in. It was the best thing that happened. The Waikiki Grand is as we soon found out like the Gay hotel of Waikiki, it screamed Queen Mary, and while waiting in line for check-in there were two male couples in line hugging and kissing. Don't get me wrong here, we have many gay and lesbian friends, but it just wasn't the kind of ambiance my husband and I were looking for. So, when asked if we would mind the change in hotels we were out of there. And when we got to the Aston Waikiki Beach, I was shocked to say the least. We had prepaid for the other hotel room 60 bucks, and they honored that rate and then upgraded us to partial ocean view, which is like facing Kalakaua anyway. It was heaven. The construction didn't bother us at all. The staff is everything that is Aloha. Since then whenever I go to Oahu to see my family we stay at the Waikiki Beach. Only now we stay in the ocean front rooms. We will be there in a few weeks and I can't wait to see the completed renovation. If you want a five star hotel, then by all means pay for it. If you want an exceptionally friendly, clean and all around pleasant hotel, go to the Aston Waikiki Beach.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the stay We stayed there from 08/28/02 to 09/03/02. We had a great time. We had booked an ocean front room. Man! was it amazing. Since we had gone there on the labor day weekend there wasnt much construction going on. I would definitely want to stay there next time.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it....great service and was so nice to have it so pleasant It was great...had a wonderful time there. The hotel service was great, people there were enjoyable...gave us good information and helped us with directions and information on dining. Would go back for sure!!!!!  
<Date>Oct 6, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SugarWahine
<Content>Not the best....... We visited the Aston Waikiki in June and like the rest had to make the best of it....We were aware of the construction and knew that things would be upside down, which they were. The place was nuts (if you have any mind, don't travel to Honolulu in June as we discovered this is when all the high school seniors and juniors from the other 49 states are let loose on the island for a wild time). The place was just crawling with kids, including this hotel, the pool was constantly a free for all, the lobby just insane and all this going on on top of the construction. Security just stood around and watched as kids ran screaming and running all around the lobby, check in area and pool. Our room was tiny, even after we had to fight for a better one which we paid for originally. The staff was not unfriendly, but did not go out of their way either. One of their managers was very helpful and for that we were grateful....but the standard excuse was the construction. Well, the construction should not have had anything to do with the empty room next to ours that had the smoke alarm battery beeping the entire night that we could not get attended to, even after numerous calls to the front desk. Hey fellas, get a battery huh....The valets were excellent and very fast, which was appreciated. They were far behind in terms of construction when we were there and we actually saw an older woman get hit in the arm with some debris from the construction. The parking/lobby area definitely was not safe.I would recommend the smaller Aston hotels on this Island before I would return to this one.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2002
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bargain city! What a steal!!! I used priceline  had my choice of hotels...what grabbed me were the pictures of the rooms with new trendy furniture  retro 60's Hawaiian decor, including the coolest comforters I've ever seen. I was not disappointed!I stayed August 24-August 29th, 2002  the hotel was undergoing a major remodel, finishing up the lobby area  pool, but the hotel rooms themselves are already updated  new! I loved it, had an upgrade to ocean view room  was in for a treat. Beautiful view of the Waikiki beach and ocean. The staff was friendly, knowledgeable  went out of their way to make my stay memorable. For those who need internet access, although the hotel has internet access available for a fee, it is based on the webtv technology  isn't altogether friendly if you like typing really fast, (those familiar with webtv can attest to that.) You may not have access to certain websites depending on if they have versions available for use with the webtv technology. All in all, this is a steal  I highly recommend it! I can't wait to go back in October when the remodel is said to be completed!!  
<Date>Aug 30, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Still Coughing Ahhhhhh! Nothing like waking up in paradise to the sound of jackhammers and profanity. Yes, we Howlies invade your island and should be punished for spending $150 per night and living in rubble like Fred and Wilma. (Flintstone that is.) Just got back today, Aug.25th, and have never been so happy to leave the tropics. Thanks, Aston, for hell on earth. I'll send you the bill for cleaning the cinder dust from my clothes and lungs. What a joke!ACHOOO! Barney Rubble  
<Date>Aug 25, 2002
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>If your a little picky and looking for perfect, don't stay here We are a family of 5 and stayed at the Aston Beach and had the best vacation ever.Sure there is construction going on but your warned ahead of time.It's not bad.The price is sure right for where you are located.You are directly across from the the beach and right next door to Starbucks!!What more can you ask for. We took daily walks and did'nt spend much time in the room anyway.We had a junior suite with plenty of room for 5.(when you make a reservation just say party of 4)the rooms all have a view of the ocean.The people at the front desk and the concierge could not have more accomidating.If you do stay here you will have a wonderful time! Trust me!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2002
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Major construction still going on We just returned from Hawaii (July 29 - Aug 5th). We made our reservation through pleasant Hawaiian Holidays. We had originally wanted to book the Ohana Waikiki Beach Hotel but were told that the Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel had just gone through a 30 million $ renovation, and that it was a great deal. We were also told that the major renovations were done. It cost us 128$ a night + tax for a partial ocean view room. We knew about the valet parking set-up in advance (not from the travel agent, mind you, but from doing our own research on the web, so we were not surprised by that), and while we were not ecstatic about paying 11$ a day plus tips and having to wait 20 minutes for the car, we figured we could tough it out.Driving up to the hotel we were greeted by what could only be described as a construction site. The whole entrance was gored, and everything is covered by wood boards, piping and dust. You walk in and take the escalator through a maze of scaffolding. The lobby (which appears not to be renovated yet) looks run down and the elevators look horrible - dirty carpets (can they not clean them?), very old and worn wood paneling. There was no special mention by the hotel staff that we were celebrating an event (even though Pleasant told us when we booked the trip that we should be getting something). They would not upgrade us to a better room.The room we got was one of the renovated ones. I can only say that they should fire their decorator. The walls were painted in very depressing colors  basically army-barrack grays and browns. I wonder what it looked like before the renovation. The tiny closet is covered by a very cheesy bead curtain. I wonder where the 30 million $ went to? The room is postage-stamp sized (there was about a yard around the bed, and that was it!!!) I've seen Motel 6 rooms that were larger and cheerier. No coffee maker or glasses in the room. We had an OK view of the ocean (9th floor). The balcony was tiny and there was only 1 chair (well, there was no room for 2 chairs). The only bright spot in the room was the shower, which was new and modern looking.Another good thing is that they give you a little cooler to fill with a buffet breakfast, served by the pool, which is excellent.But I consider the sales pitch for this hotel to be false advertisement it is not mostly done being renovated, and 128$ a night is not a good deal for living in a construction site. (btw, I noticed that most of the people who had written favorable reviews for this hotel paid 55-65 $ a night , which might explain it - for that price it's not too bad).The next day, we walked over to the Ohana Waikiki Beach Tower (which we had originally wanted  their rate from Pleasant had been 118$ a night) and they offered us a walk-in rate of 80$ a night for a corner room on the 16th floor (2 balconies both facing the ocean). They actually offered us a key to take a look at the room. The ocean view was astounding, and the room airy and spacious. They have parking right there (no valet) for 9$ a day and are located in the middle of Waikiki, and 20 yards from the ocean. Granted, there is no breakfast, but for a difference of 48$ (plus tax) a day, you can basically buy all your meals. We called Pleasant and canceled our hotel accommodations (we had trip-protector so we were able to do that), checked out of the Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel and moved To the Ohana Tower. We are still waiting for a refund from Pleasant Hawaiian Holiday. The Aston Waikiki Beach hotel is not a bad hotel, but be prepared for the massive construction, and make sure you get a good enough deal for these conditions.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2002
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>I would never stay or recommend this hotel to anybody!.... My husband and me finally got a break from our hectic life here in Los Angeles California. It's been over 4 years since our last real vacation. My husband has wanted to take me to Hawaii, considering he lived in Hawaii before. I'd purchased our airfare + hotel at priceline. I'd choose Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel because of the picture that was posted on the website. Four days before our trip (July 28-Aug. 3) I'd call to confirmed and inquire about our reservation, I was put on hold twice and those times I was on hold for at least good ten minutes; I didn't get upset for the long waiting because I thought that this was a good hotel and you staff was probably just busy. Your staff didn't even informed us that your hotel do not offer shuttle bus, so, we ended up paying the taxi driver $45. The reason why I choose this hotel because of the pictures that was posted on your web site, I realized that it's currently being renovated, but his hotel should finished the renovation first. Your are putting your customer at risk and false advertisement. Also, now I realized why I was put on hold for a long period of time, their was only one person in your Check In/Check Out Counter and not only that at the same time she was helping us she was answering phone calls. We ended up paying extra $155 to upgrade our room because of the fact that we weren't amuse of the room that was given to us. On my itinerary the price that I paid for supposedly beach front room, she was giving us a room in the back of the hotel...not facing the beach. When we got to our room it was boiling hot, apparently your facility is trying to save money by controlling the flow of A.C., We couldn't stand the heat, so, the next night (July 29) we called for a maintenance; maintenance guy was very polite. He took a look at the A.C. and we were told that they would move us to another room. Considering, we paid extra to upgrade our room and we were on 12th floor. Your staff apologized and they'd compensated us by not charging us that one day upgrade fee; I really didn't want to spoil our vacation, so I didn't even bother arguing or complained on how they moved us to a 10th floor, we had to packed and unpacked our clothes once again, and this room was not better that the other room, (10th Floor Room 1033) shower is not working properly when it's turned on it makes a loud noise, like someone is shaking the shower, also, it takes almost a good 4-5 minutes just before the hot water kicks in. In addition, they'd charged us for parking for a rental car. We asked your Check In Counter why should we pay that, we are a guest at this hotel, he replies, this is not our parking,' As I said we didn't want to ruined our vacation. Also, we brought in some food and we'd inquired one of your staff is theirs any way that we can use the microwaved, he showed us the room, and we started heating our food. A security guy came and asked us why were we there? we told him we heating our food, he replies, did you know that only employees are allowed here, we told him that we asked one of the staff and he didn't mentioned any such thing. Then, he started talking about how the staffs do not know how to follow orders, and that if they don't follow these orders why should he? And he made a remark on theirs a lot of things in that room that can be stolen. My husband and I got offended on his last remark, his last remarks as if we were planning to steal them milks, cookies, yogurts, etc., All we know is that my husband and I works hard for any money we have.Although, this trip was my first time seeing Hawaii, my husband and I already talked about coming back again. This second time around I want to make sure that I do not come near this hotel. I'm appalled at this hotel, and will not recommend this hotel to any of my friends and family.I will also informed County of Hawaii, Department of Consumer Affairs, I will mentioned about the safety while renovating at this hotel and also, my husband and I felt that we were mislead by your advertisement posted on your web site. Thank you.Sincerely,Jennifer CalderonLos Angeles, Californiacc: State of Hawaii, Department of Consumer Affairs  
<Date>Aug 6, 2002
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>OK accommodation We stayed from 6/28-7/3/02. We were originally reserved for Aston Coral Reef nearby, but thank goodness they goofed up our reservations. (We later discovered the Coral reef is in a bad area and looks run-down.) We got Aston Waikiki Beach for the same price. The hotel is under construction and most services are just so-so. The car valet services are good ($11 per day parking fee, plus tips for valet). The ocean view rooms are TINY, but the one we stayed in was recently renovated, fairly nice and pretty clean. The ocean front rooms appear a bit bigger. The location is almost perfect. The beach is just across the street and International Market just three blocks away -- the view is wonderful.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2002
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Million dollar views We stayed here the first week of June 2002, so maybe its even better by now. If you are considering this hotel because you want to be right on the beach and can't afford the other hotels on the beach, this is YOUR hotel. If you are considering it for any other reason - don't - it's just not together enough yet. We started in a partial ocena view room. You would truly regret not upgrading to the ocean view if there's any way you can do it. We did and what a difference it made! The partial ocean view was only visible if you went out of the room on to the encloded ledge (2' at its widest?) and peaked through 2 tall buildings to get a glimpse of blue. On the other hand, our upgrade to an ocean view had an absolutely exquisite view, well worth the extra money. On the pool side, from either bed you had a full view of Waikiki Beach curling back towards the airport. We thought the view wouldn't matter because we would always be at the beach, but for us, that turned out not to be true. We watched the King Kamahamaha Day parade from our balcony. You get a real balcony too on this side, big enough to drag an extra chair out so two can lounge at the same time. Honestly, you can barely stand on the balcony provided with the partial ocean view rooms.About the service - nice folks doing the best they can with what they have. When they get it all together, it could be a very nice hotel. To give you a flavor of what you might encounter until then: our phone did not work. When the repairman came, he determined that it was just the management policy of closing out your phone account every three days during which they shut your phone off (which we weren't told about) and they had forgotten to turn it back. The ice machine on our floor did not work, but if we went up one floor there was one that did. The second lock (newly installed) on our door did not work, it was not installed to align properly. When we went to get our car (valet parking only), it took 45 minutes because they couldn't find our car. Come to find out it had been parked on the street somewhere over night. Another hotel guest there had been waiting an hour. They were taking a taxi instead just as we were leaving so they would not miss their flight. (Not sure what they were going to do about their rental car the valet could not find.) While we waited we chatted with the 3 police officers that were at the Bell Captain's desk. They were there to take reports on 2 vehicles: one which had had something stolen from the trunk while in the valet parking and the other had been wrecked with the valet driving. The rooms were clean and attractive, somewhat oddly decorated (lose those hanging bead curtains that enclose the closet and wake everybody up when you just want to reach in to get your toothpaste you forgot to get out!)Would we stay here again? ABSOUTELY!! Knowing all this ahead of time helps. We really loved the location, more relaxed, beautiful beach that was way less crowded at this end, lots of activities: through the summer they hoist a movie screen on the beach right across the street from the hotel and play a decent movie for free. There are a few food vendors and chairs on the sand and if you don't feel like going far but want to do something, it was really enjoyable.Tip: get the highest floor you can. Our first room was 1/2 up. When we called for an elavator to go down, by the time it got to us, it was ALWAYS full.Construction noise heard in room with doors shut: NONEStaff really tried to make up for the problems and they were great. If you go, tell Sahid, the bellman, Hi! from Julie. Happy travels!  
<Date>Jul 28, 2002
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>What is everyone upset about We just returned from the hotel on July 18,2002. If you read anything about it you should have known it was under construction. However, that did not bother us nothing was a total mess. The maid service was perfect she was there everyday or calling us to see if we needed anything. Everyone was very pleasant and helpful. This hotel will be VERY nice when completed. We will return. If you want a 5 star hotel then pay the price and go to it.To the staff keep up the good work everyone was wonderful.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Good Hotel Stayed at the Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel for 9 days. There was no problem with the renovation or noise, we knew that going in. We weren't in the room that much anyway. We were on the 25th floor with a beutiful view of Diamond Head. Which is what they seem to consider a full ocean view??Everyone was very friendly, and fixed any issues, immediately. Though there should not have been issues, like no t-paper after housekeeping had already been there, or another day with no towels. Comments from people in the middle floors said that their rooms were very hot, the a/c didn't seem to work. They worked almost too well on the 25th floor...If you didn't have the new Breakfast On the Beach (vouchers)included in your Hotel fees, the $12 charge was very much overpriced, with the same things everyday. I would have preferred returning to Perry's. And yes we also took extra fruit and yogurt for lunch. Besides the new beds/bedspreads and that irritating closet cover, I'd like to know what the $30 million dollars was spent on. It should have included the tile floors in the bathroom and hopefully the pool in the future, plus he elevators. I understand the lobby is being moved by the pool. Good because the fans over the reservation desks were absolutely filthy, hopefully they will be replaced. Not something I want to see when checking in, makes you wonder about the rest of the hotel. All in all because of the wonderful time I had in Hawaii, the hotel experience wasn't that bad. I'd love to see the finished product.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2002
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>fabulous staff, awesome price, best location what the sam hill are people complaining about? the aston waikiki beach was more than we could have hoped for! did lots of research before my partner and i went, knew what we were getting into, and were minorly inconvenienced. as a hawaiian traveler who has stayed only with family in honolulu--now living on the mainland--or in very comfortable higher end accomodations--outrigger reef--i dreaded staying in a hotel on waikiki. it's not my idea of hawaii, rather, except for the ocean, like many other tourist areas with palm trees and people from everywhere else. it's location is on the diamond head end of waikiki, so, the touristy in the party can go ewa. the more casual can go diamond head. the adventuresome can rent a car and do the whole island or mauka on the laish freeway system.as for the hotel, i'm sure the people at the marriott right across the street were no less inconvenience by the noise than the aston guests. right next door was a denny's if you want breakfast or anything else fast food. the ever present abc store was directly outside the kalakaua entrance to the hotel. the pool and poolside bar were there for everyone that preferred a hotel pool over the pacific ocean (cannot figure some travellers, this is hawaii!). we had a picture post card view from our deck window. upgraded to a king size bed. this is all for less that $90 per night! my partner and i will definitely go back!what more could you want?  
<Date>Jul 19, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>$$ and location the best Just returned from 5 nights at the Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel and was pleasantly surprised with the experience. I was dreading the construction but found not disturbance what-so-ever. Original room was on Diamond Head side and had no balcony so I requested a change and it was given without hesitation. I had a partial oceanview but was almost a full oceanview because of the location. My package included the breakfast buffet which was fabulous. The rooms have small refrigerator, so I would grab yogurt and fruit for lunch and only had to pay for dinner. The staff was always smiling and so verrrryyy friendly. Received a local newspaper each morning and coffee is complimentary at the pool. The best thing I found at the hotel was the Tennessee Mai-Tai for $4. Definitely recommend you try one of those!!! I would stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel We stayed at this hotel around the 1st of June. We had no complaints. We knew that it would be without a restaurant and under construction. The location, price, and renovated rooms were the main reasons we chose this hotel. The location is great. It is right next to the zoo/park. And, of course the beach is directly in front of it. We stayed in an oceanfront room that was a corner unit on the 19th floor. I recommend these.- (The corner units are bigger) We brought our 6 and 3 old with us, so at night when they were wiped out we sat on out balcony enjoying the street and beach views without it being noisy. The only thing that bothered me l little was that the bathroom was small and the flooring did not look to have been updated along with the rest of the room. I would stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Can't beat the price and location I just don't understand why people are complaining about this hotel. We stayed at the Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel for 6 nights between 3/20-3/26. We paid for a partial ocean view room but they upgraded us to Ocean view for free when we asked for it. The staff was really helpful and nice. The parking rate was a little steep ($11/day) but it is valet parking. Don't forget to call ahead of time since it takes them almost 30 minutes to bring your car. The construction did not bother us at all, we didn't hear any noise in our room. Don't expect to find any shops or restaurants in the hotel due to the construction. I just don't understand who would want to eat or shop in this hotel when Waikiki beach is full of great restaurants and shopping malls. We stayed at this hotel because of its location and price and didn't expect anything else. We had a very good experience and would recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>great hotel for the $$ We enjoyed our stay at the Aston Waikiki Beach hotel. We were there for 6 nights. It sure was not a first class hotel. Clean Hotel and friendly staff. The price was right.Across the street from the beach. What more could you want. The noise was not too bad . A jackhammer noise we heard only one time our whole stay. May 23 - 29. I would stay again if I was to go to Honolulu.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Aston Waikiki Beach, Good Deal for the money. We stayed at the Aston Waikiki Beach hotel from 5/21 - 5/27. We made reservations knowing that there was construction going on and paid a low price ($55/night) accordingly. After making reservations, I read some of these reviews and was concerned. When we reached the hotel, there was plenty of construction on the lower levels and no shops open, just as described to us. The People who greeted us as we got out of the cab took our bags to our room and were very friendly and courteous. The woman at the desk was very nice and talked us into upgrading to a partial ocean view ($65). We had a perfect view of Diamond Head and a pretty decent view of the ocean from the 23rd floor. We had two children with us, and the room had a double and two singles which worked out perfectly. We never heard any construction noise except for when we walked through the lobby. The pool was open but we did not get in it. We had no problems with the elevators and we never even saw a second floor (the elevator goes directly from L to 5)so there could not have been a bar as described in one of the reviews posted. There was a stand to buy drinks by the pool, but it presented no problems whatsoever.Local calls were 75 cents each; I did not care for that too much. The air conditioner did not get really cold, but it was comfortable. We just like to really chill the place down. All of the staff we spoke to were very nice and helpful. We requested a few things like more shampoo and it was delivered within about 5 minutes. We got a newspaper free every morning.We had a very pleasant stay and at the price we paid, I think it was a real bargain. It was not fancy, but it was clean and comfortable with a nice view, which is all we needed.  
<Date>May 30, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Not that bad after all Just back from the Aston Waikiki Beach hotel :it's under construction, ok, you need to know it, and they warn you in all their ads...but as a matter of fact, it is quiet and decently comfortable.We got an incredible package so there is nothing to complain about this medium class hotel which is extremely well located, not far from the busy center but also close to a park and the beach of course.It's also well located if you want to get out of Honolulu without spending too much time.The one drawback is the vallet parking ($11 per day and really nowhere else to park) and the minimum 20 min wait if you don't call them beforehand.  
<Date>May 28, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Aston Waikiki Bad News...read on.... I stayed there last week May 8 to May 13 and it sucked. I was to get an ocean view room but they would not upgrade me from partial. Please be aware of this if you book with them....The travel/activity desk only had a few ideas and was not knowledgeable AT ALL when it came to planning events.They do not have drinking glasses, coffee makers in the rooms.There is no free breakfast...There is no coffee shop or restaruant here.They do not offer bath gel or raxors like other hotels do.There are loud CLINKING noises within the walls due to construction that never go awayThe pay phones don't work, forcing you to make calls from your room at 80 cents a pop.The power drilling brings dust everywehre when you walk back and forth to your hotel. 8 to 5 are the hours I noticed it going onThe people behind the desk are not as friendly and caring as I assumed they would be.THE ALARM WENT OFF LATE AT NIGHT TO EVACUATE THE HOTEL(speakers in your room scare you have to death!), and then they said SORRY NO NEED TO WORRY, SORRY TO BOTHER YOU. DUH! They just did for no reason.It is at the far end of the beach away from everything going on. There was no deal made with the package I bought. DONT STAY HERE!!!!STAY SOMEPLACE NICE, TRUST ME. IT WILL BE WORTH IT....  
<Date>May 18, 2002
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Avoid the headaches   showReview(574215, 'full');   
<Date>May 14, 2002
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>The rooms are done   showReview(567043, 'full');   
<Date>May 7, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Reno's "YES" Future is great for this property   showReview(565050, 'full');   
<Date>May 3, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>THEY AREN'T READY TO ACCOMODATE GUESTS!!!   showReview(463269, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 19, 2002
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>No such thing as a free breakfast....   showReview(407339, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 24, 2002
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Avoid this hotel   showReview(405105, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 18, 2002
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel   showReview(390181, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 8, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Travel Agent required   showReview(352402, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 5, 2002
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Satisfied customer!!   showReview(350007, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 1, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Best Value for the price   showReview(282420, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 10, 2001
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Hanna59
<Content>銈儝銈儞銉笺儊銇洰鍓?#x201d;   showReview(23303061, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瀛愰€ｃ倢銉忋儻銈?#x201d;   showReview(21745497, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ucchan
<Content>椋熶簨浠樸亶   showReview(21115955, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>銈儛銇°們銈?> 銈儛銇°們銈?</a> </div>
<Content>鏈濋銇屻仱銇勩仸銇勩伨銇?#x201d;   showReview(21026645, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉撱兗銉併亴銇欍亹銇伄銇畨銇忔硦銇俱倢銈嬨儧銉嗐儷   showReview(21745168, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉忋儻銈ゃ倝銇椼亜銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(21744665, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瑕垰銇祼濠氬紡   showReview(21744562, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏂板鏃呰銇с兓銉汇兓   showReview(20753254, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>銈儯銉冦偡銉?> 銈儯銉冦偡銉?</a> </div>
<Content>鍒濄儚銉偆銇伅銇婂嫥銈侊紒   showReview(19541803, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>OTTIMO HOTEL AD UN PREZZO RAGIONEVOLE   showReview(19631930, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Mexiko
<Content>Hotel Magique   showReview(19334236, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Top Lage, jedezeit wieder   showReview(19631929, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Empfehlenswert   showReview(17429159, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>OTTIMO RAPPORTO QUALITA'/PREZZO   showReview(17429158, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>profitiert ausschlie脽lich von der 1 A Strandlage   showReview(17429157, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏈濋銇岄潰鐧姐亜   showReview(19171433, 'full');   
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>monterreymx
<Content>Un Lugar excelente para la familia       Vista del balcon en el 9 piso  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>aloha-angie
<Content>super s茅jour   showReview(15487225, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(15561733, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>direkt am Waikikibeach   showReview(13195547, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瀛愪緵閫ｃ倢銇伅绔嬪湴鏈€楂樸仹銇欙紒   showReview(19166713, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un peu d茅莽us par la petitesse de la chambre , le petit-d茅jeuner bob.   showReview(11305395, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sehr gute Lage   showReview(11305394, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>danirenzo
<Content>Stupendo       La vista dalla camera  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tolle Lage, aber der Rest...   showReview(11660330, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉忋儻銈ゃ倝銇椼亜銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(19165312, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Einmal und nie wieder   showReview(11660331, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 29, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏈濋銈点兗銉撱偣   showReview(19164504, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottima posizione!!! Da ritornarci!!!   showReview(11660329, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绔嬪湴鏉′欢銇簚瓒筹紒   showReview(19163105, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绌村牬銇儧銉嗐儷   showReview(19162389, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍊ゆ銇壊銇伅婧€瓒炽€?#x201d;   showReview(19162153, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon compromis entre situation et prix   showReview(11421706, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gutes Hotel in Waikiki   showReview(11402598, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍒濄倎銇︺伄銉忋儻銈わ紒瀹挎硦...   showReview(19926714, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 20, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绔嬪湴鏉′欢銇ㄣ仐銇︺伅銉偆...   showReview(19926705, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 20, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>3鏈堜笅鏃伀鍊嬩汉鎵嬮厤鏃?..   showReview(19926477, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 10, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈兗銈枫儯銉炽儠銉兂銉堛伄...   showReview(19923036, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 22, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>閮ㄥ眿銇仭銈囥仯銇ㄧ嫮銇勩亱...   showReview(19921211, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 11, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

