<Author>crewfox
<Content>Spotty service and poor maintenance ruin what could be a nice W We stayed at the W New Orleans for 5 nights in October 2008, while visiting New Orleans to attend a family member's wedding. We chose to stay in a Starwood property since I am a SPG Gold member and stay in their properties often, but I have to say that I agree with many of the reviews on this site and was also disappointed. The level of service one has come to expect from a W hotel simply is not available at this hotel. I also agree the the room interiors needed proper cleaning and significant maintenance to repair stains, scratches, etc.All of our service requests required multiple calls, often requiring us to go down to the reception or concierge in person to get attention. Others in our party experienced similar issues.We arrived at the same time as 4 other family members, and though I had asked for an early check-in, none of our 3 rooms were ready. It was about 2pm, with check-in at 3, but we were told that the rooms would not be ready until at least 4 - 4:30pm. We went for lunch after being assured that we''ll call you when your room is ready, but never received a call. Around 4:30 we came back, and only one of our rooms was ready (ours).Though it was supposed to be a non-smoking room, when we finally entered the room we realized immediately that it had recently been smoked in, and asked for a room change. Of course we had to wait, but at that point it was only for about half an hour.Other problems during the stay revolved (incredibly!) around our mundane request for an in-room coffee maker. This service is available at this W but apparently rarely requested, as rooms do not come with a coffee maker by default and coffee is served in the lobby each morning. Our initial request for a coffee maker on the day we arrive took 3 calls and over 4 hours, and each day afterwards, the housekeeping staff would ignore the used coffee pot and neither clean it and the mugs, nor restock it with more coffee and supplies. The first day, I thought it must be an oversight, called housekeeping about 3 times, and eventually had it serviced. The next day, I actually WROTE A NOTE to the housekeeper asking her to service it. It was ignored. The third morning, I placed the coffee pot and mugs NEXT TO THE SINK in the bathroom with my note, and yet it was still ignored! I believe this is completely unacceptable in a hotel of this category, and I frankly don't want to be washing dishes during my vacation.Though we complained several times during our stay about the slow and inefficient service, management largely ignored our complaints.The one standout in terms of service at this W is the Acura Experience that is complimentary. The hotel has 2 Acura SUVs that will drop you off anywhere within a 6 mile radius, which was very convenient and run by very helpful and friendly drivers. This was one of the highlights of our stay, as it cut down on our taxi fares and helped us and our family move around town very quickly.Several other family members stayed across the street at the Loews Hotel, which was much better in terms of restaurant options (the breakfast/brunch at Caf茅 Adelaide is excellent), size of the rooms (huge vs. tiny at the W), and overall service and care for the property. The next time we visit, we'll stay there.One final note: I wrote to Starwood expressing my frustration with the service upon my return, and to their credit, they investigated the matter and I received several personal emails in reply and was credited starwood points to my SPG account.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2009
<Rating>2	3	3	4	2	2	1	3	

<Author>wnbamiamisol
<Content>Not the Hotel a W Should Be       Entrance to the W - Nicest Part of the Hotel  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>3	4	2	5	2	1	-1	1	

<Author>ChillyAlbertans
<Content>Whatever, Whenever...just not here First trip to NOLA and we were quite excited about our first stay in a W Hotel. I am partial to Starwood and stay in many Westin and Sheraton properties. I have rarely had a problem with this group. As such, we were surprised at the experience at this place.As indicated in other reviews, the front staff were indicativve of what was to come. Three guys out front (one of whom obviously worked for the hotel) watched us get our suitcases from the cab. Watched is the wrong word, from ten feet away they must have sensed our presence, because each was full time texting.We were met inside by a friendly young employee who offered to help us with the luggage (and did). We were checked in by another nice young fellow. We asked both of them where we could get food this late (around midnight). The first lad said he knew nothing about the area being new, but Reginald at the front desk highly recommended Pizza Fiesta...a great place for pizza and mexican he said (and noted he ate there several times a week)...yeah sure. He assured us nothing else was open his late. The menu he gave us was for basic pizza without a hint of any mexican. I don't know what his deal was, but he had something to gain by us going there; of that there is ltittle doubt. We declined and ended up wandering over to Harrah's to eat.So off to the room we go, it is tiny, but well appointed. The bathroom was dirty (I mean DIRTY). The chaise lounge was dirty, the room, on closer inspection was run down in general.We called down for pillows...it took two calls. The second call the person answering said that the request was marked as complied with...hmmm. The internet was down. We were assured that it would be fixed shortly...in three days it never worked. We were told, it was available intermitantly, it was on the verge of being fixed and, finally, by the concierge, that it had been down a long tie and was not expected to be up again for days or weeks. I suspect it has been down since October after reading the earier posts.We noted a complete absence of phone books or the standard Where mag etc. There were many little things we were chaffing about (the list is long) and decided to check out that night. We contacted the Whatever people and asked for phone books. We were told that it is Head Office policy not to supply phonebooks!!!! SO, no internet, no phone books.....I told the lady on the phone we were unhappy and planned to leave early. She enquired into what the problems were and assured me that if I gave her a chance she would work her magic (her words). Never heard from her again (this was on the morning of the second of three days...the other hotels we contacted were full so we were forced to extend the stay). Called the front again the next day and asked for the Marriott number...when asked (again) why were moving hotels, the employee insitsted I should speak to the on duty manager Allison. I toldsour tale of woe and Allison assured us she would correct the account and that she understood why we were upset. She offered to speak to the Sheraton manager if we moved there (and stayed inside the SPG group). We called the Sheraton, explained the problem and they said they would await Allison's call. I called her back and told her to call. THe next day we walked over to the Sheraton and were told the manager never called. The Sheraton manager called W and Allisonn denied she had offered to call...nonetheless they reduced a suite room rate and we had a great stay. Note that all calls out of the hotel were made on my cell as the W hotel phones would not let us dial out. When we checked out, they tried bill for all the attempted calls out until I pointed out they were all made with in about three minutes...not once could I connect to the outside world. So, no internet, no phones, dirty room, unfilled promises, inattentive staff, and so much more. What is not to love. I don't doubt a good stay is possible, but why chance it. It was a gong show. The Sheraton is a few blocks closer to the French Quarter, far enough away though to be peaceful when you need it, great staff etc.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>2	2	1	4	1	2	1	1	

<Author>CFNOBIS
<Content>Great location but spotty service We stayed at this hotel the night before our cruise to Belize. We arrived from the airport and removed our bags from the cab while the employees stood around and watched without asking if we wanted any help. While dragging our bags inside we were greeted to the hotel but still no one offered to help us with our bags. We arrived at check in time but our room was not ready. We left our bags at the desk and went to dinner. The clerk indicated she would call us on our cell when our room was ready. Two hours later we still had not heard from them so we returned to the hotel. It appears our room had been ready for a while but no one called. We were upgraded to a higher floor room as I am an SPG gold member. The room had a wonderful view of the river but by now it was dark and you could not see it. The room was well appointed and was great for our one night stay. The next morning we went to breakfast, service was very slow and the place was not busy but the food was good. Overall the hotel was good as it is right downtown and next to Harrah's, you can walk to a lot of locations from here. However, our stay at the W in the French Quarter was a lot better. See my review to follow.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	2	2	5	

<Author>Janettubbs1
<Content>Always Great! This hotel is by far the nicest I have stayed in In New Orleans, it is very hip, very clean and the service is excellant.Suites book quickly therefore I suggest you book ahead, we stayed in a joining room on the 16th floor, it was quite, clean and room service - although expensive, was excellant!  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MarJar26
<Content>Not Great - Not Bad We were in New Orleans for a conference. On two previous trips we stayed at the 'W' in the French Quarter (loved it). For this trip we selected the W on Poydras as it was closer to the conference. (The Conference was at the Hilton - we originally booked that hotel but canceled after reading reviews on Trip Advisor  were glad we did because others who stayed there were very disappointed re: quality for the price they paid.) As with most W Hotels, this one caters to a younger clientele (which we are not, however, we don't let that determine where we will stay). We were a little concerned about the service we would receive as many previous comments were negative in this regard. Since we would be there for 4 nights we did not want to deal with bad service. Fortunately, most of the time, the service was above and beyond what many hotels offer. Staff were always extremely friendly, personable and accommodating. We called for service twice - the first time the response was immediate. The next problem (bathroom stool) required 3 service requests before someone responded. However, the person who did respond was extremely friendly  efficient. W Hotels are a higher end hotel, and guests should expect a certain level of quality. The major negative for us at this hotel was the lack of attention to detail. Initially the room appeared clean, however, the edging of the carpet had obviously not been vacuumed for a very long time; corners of the bathroom floor were dusty/dirty; tops of picture frames were dusty, etc.; dings  scrapes were on the walls  furniture; dust had accumulated on the wood moldings in the elevators. Management should ensure that rooms are thoroughly cleaned (yes, even the corners) - and paint dings should be immediately covered.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>Tom249
<Content>Omg!!!!! Walking into the W is like entering a club. It was hopping on a Friday night even though our United flight was delayed and it was midnight. The staff didn't keep the room we had called upon to confirm late, late checkin (twice) but they found one for my girlfriend and I nonetheless.Very nice everything and they made the weekend away a blessing. The Concierge was extremely helpful and we will definitely be going back.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>tjcheerio
<Content>Not worth it...at all... This is one of the hotels in the Fine Hotels  Resorts program through American Express Platinum card, and that's how I booked my room. I was expecting a decent enough hotel, and it looked OK when I got there....then, the staff was awful the entire time, I got over-charged by $200 and couldn't get it taken care of until a month after I checked-out. It was so noisy I could never sleep. The wireless service never worked. The continental breakfast was a pot of old tea with coffee stained mugs and a piece of cold toast. The hotel itself has potential...but, wow, everything inside of it just brought it over the edge.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	2	2	1	

<Author>eyechip
<Content>W gone Bad THe W formula is not that hard to manage. It seems as once the property is implemented it should be a breeze...it is a chain after-all, with access to everything needed to retain the brand's image. Maybe it's New Orleans, maybe it's the clouds of Katrina that still hang over this place like a pallor. Or maybe it is just poor management. It think the latter. As this W is obviously falling on difficult times.Rooms are tired and not well-kept. For rates that approach those of the Windsor Court one would expect a similar level of furnishings. The bathroom verges on the condition of a college dorm. Instead of a proper desk chair my room had a beat up banquet room chair with bent legs. The day lounger was so stained that I dared not touch it for fear of bacterial infections. All in all I spent the night very much feeling the history of a room that has seen a bit too much action over the years.But where the hotel clearly shows its lack of effective management is in the staff. Check-in was fine, efficient and polite. Mostly the complaints center around the food and beverage offerings. I had limited time for lunch so needed to go to the restaurant here. It was empty of customers and staff. Thinking it was closed I went downstairs and was informed that it was actually open...I returned and waited five minutes for a waiter to appear from a closet and seat me in an affected and detached manner as if I had just interrupted a nap. The food was horrible and I regretted being in New Orleans and not having the time to go out for something. All-in-all the experience left me a feeling as if I had just dined at a roadside restaurant in Moldova.After a long day of meetings and a client dinner I stopped into the Whiskey Bar to have a quiet drink alone. The bar was indeed quiet, two other customers. Which perhaps was the reason that the hotel security guys were crowded around the TV screen playing a Wii video game involving bowling, all while shouting and jaunting each other like we might at a neighborhood basketball court. My favorite was that one of them was actually doing this while smoking a cigar. So much for security in the hotel. And so much for quiet. I drank up and left.The Espresso bar was not functioning in the morning. The attendant was not to be bothered with any request for help in this...telling me from her seat with a clearly pained lift of the head, that I should go to the restaurant upstairs. I would imagine that the espresso machine was fine...that she just did not particularly wish to extend herself. I walked two blocks to Starbucks instead.Until this hotel is re-branded as a Red Roof Inn and has rooms for $89 a night take your luxury money and go next door to the Windsor Court...it may have also lost a bit of luster over the years but at least it has some trappings of value for the buck.The Scorpion  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	3	1	3	

<Author>Nitra315
<Content>W as a Brand Is Better Than This Hotel I'm an SPG Gold member who was fortunate enough to have booked a 3rd night free stay at a reasonable rate. However, I was disappointed by the condition of the room and some aspects of the service. The room layout was nice, but the faucets and bathroom fixtures were incredibly outdated. The cream sofa in the bedroom was filthy with visible dirt and the decorative pillow on the bed was disgusting. There was a mini-bar in the room, but it didn't have a bottle opener. When I called down to request one, it came an hour later and the person couldn't leave the opener because the hotel didn't have extras. He offered to come back later and open another bottle if needed, but I didn't want to wait another hour to have a beer, so I went out and bought one. My stay coincided with the arrival of Hurricane Ike and while New Orleans was fairly unaffected (mostly rain and wind), the hotel was full of evacuees on their hurrication from New Orleans (Gustav) and Houston (Ike) . They had FEMA grants that provided them with free accomodations, so of course, they chose the W. As a result, the vibe of the hotel was off and un-enjoyable to me, and there was an unusually high amount of noise in the hotel. It was difficult to fall asleep and I was awakended in the middle of the night by conversations in the adjacent rooms. They say you get what you pay for, so I want my money back. I never thought I'd say that about a W.On the positive side, the hotel offers an Acura for guests and the staff will drive you where you need to go, which was an excellent added benefit and I tipped generously in appreciation. However, transportation availability does not compensate for what was lacking in the hotel.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>CathrynG
<Content>W not a "Wow" We are SPG members and always try to stay at a Starwood property. We booked a special rate ($101/night for a long weekend - during hurricane season). We stayed on the 18th floor in a regular room.The room was very small and the bathroom is dated. The sink is the size and style of a vegetable sink in a kitchen island. What were they thinking?Also, the bathroom was dirty. The black painted wall accented the grime and stains, which was gross.The location is good and within walking distance to the French Quarter, even though this is not actually in the French Quarter. (The W has another (smaller) property in the French Quarter). Harrah's is across the street so if you like to gamble, this is a great location.The service in the restaurant (for breakfast) was so bad, for us an others, that the waitress ended up comping our breakfast. We were pleased she did the right thing but felt bad when those sitting at the table next to us had to leave (without their food) after waiting 45 minutes becasue they had a tour about to start. The hotel is trendy in the lobby with a cool bar and TV area, like all W's, but the trend ends with poor service and employees that act like they don't want to be there.There are 2 computer stations to check your email (free) which is a nice touch.Next time, we will stay at a cleaner/renovated property. Unfortunately, the W New Orleans doesn't hit the mark.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	1	3	1	5	

<Author>maxrock
<Content>W is great! We had a great time at the W. The room is large, lots of sunlight, we had a room with a view of the pool and the river. The bed is amazing, feather everything. All kinds of fun amenities like Ipod dock and stereo, lcd tv, books. The rooftop pool is great, there are cabanas with tvs, very cool. The hotel definitely has a hip feel to it, which I don't really care for but you'll want to spend your time outside anyway, New Orleans is so much fun. Everything is walking distance, Caf茅 du monde, Bourbon street, the streetcar lines, etc... I would recommend that place to anyone, especially at the rate that we got through expedia. August is cheap because of the weather, but it really was not that bad...  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>scottyb72
<Content>Beautiful Hotel, Bad Service       small bathroom, small sink  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	5	4	1	1	4	

<Author>Travelwithkids5
<Content>Single and Free - Go for it; With Family - Trying another hotel This hotel, while giving the impression of quality and comfort, I Beg to differ.The BadDaily Parking - $28.00 per day. There are other hotels that are cheaper, or have free parking. Must call down atleast 30-min. prior to departure, to make sure your car will be available.Noise Level-Walls are very thin. I could hear neighbors arguing and/or partying all night. Then, in the morning all I could hear were doors being opened and closed all day, from the maid service.Local  800 #'s - a chargeConsierge - Told me to wait on hold for a few minutes. I finally hung up after 15 min. of waiting. Went downstairs to get info. and they could not locate the info. needec.Complimentary Breakfast-Doesn't exist. But, they will supply you with all the apples you want-from the lobby and gym. No microwaves in the room.Refrigerator-Stocked with overpriced items, which gives you no room to place your cheaper outside purchased snacks.Ceiling-Popcorn ceiling. I believe they were banned in the 90's for having aesbethos.The GoodBedding-Down ComfortersBathroom-While old and out of date, they have wonderful toiletries.View-awesome, but maybe it was my room. Had a view of the pool, the river, and downtown. Had a friend staying at the hotel, on a different floor, and they stated their view sucked.Front Desk and Parking Staff-Friendly and accomodatingFree Driver-Will drop you off anywhere within a 6 mile radius. But, will not pick you up.Overall, I would rate this hotel a 5 out of 10. If you're young and free- party all day and night. If you're traveling with your family, find a family friendly hotel, because this aint it.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	-1	3	3	

<Author>WHOTEL
<Content>Always a perfect stay I am a Starwood Preferred Guest and stay at a Starwood property whenever I travel. I have stayed at the W Hotel New Orleans on 4 separate occasions and have never had a problem. Last Mardi Gras I had a normal room booked but when I arrived to check-in it wasn't ready and the front desk staff upgraded me to a WOW Suite. The suite was incredible and I could not believe how lucky I got. I love the W and recommend that anyone stay here. The decor and mood is flawless. I would say that this hotel is more for the younger crowd though.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>prendick
<Content>Don't stay here The staff here was awful. Lazy, unaccomadating, standoffish, and rude. Plus, they decided to test the fire alarms at 8:30 in the morning, and didn't even offer to make recourse with the customers who were driven from their rooms in the wee hours of the morning. The GM was rude, the front desk was rude, the valet was rude, and everything moves at a slower pace than the lunch line in an old folks home. New Orleans thrives on its hospitality business, so I'd stay somewhere more hospitable.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>1	2	3	4	3	1	1	2	

<Author>DrScrew
<Content>Great if you are 23 Y/O I arrived late from the airport and walked into the lobby to check in. I was greated by automatic curtains opening to what sounded like a rave / techno meditation session. I literally started laughing when I walked in because it was so pretentious and overdone. Our reservations were slightly complicated and while the staff at the desk while friendly were not the most helpful. Going up the elevator, the same techno/meditation/new age industrial (sorry, but I can't quite place the genre) music followed me all the way to my floor. I reached my room and things picked up. Great bed, good TV all in all decent room. My main problem with the W is they preach the motto Whatever, Where ever, When ever. While a few of the staff came close to accomplishing this, most were more along the lines of What? We can't do that/we don't have that, Wait until i can get to you.The free car service is great as were the drivers. If you like going to clubs, you will probably love this place. If you are more old school and want to relax and listen to Jazz, try somewhere else.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	3	3	2	2	3	

<Author>Zoke2
<Content>First Rate staff        Bathroom sink W New Orleans  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tabjcb
<Content>Warm, Friendly Service; Fun, Cool Hotel Staff: Although there were many things I liked about this hotel, I have to say that the staff really stood out. They were pleasant and helpful in a very warm, friendly way. (We have stayed in other hotels where the staff were nice but it seemed a bit forced.) This was particularly commendable because it was the Monday after the big Essence weekend here and they were clearly exhausted.Common Areas: Most of the common areas are extremely inviting, especially the downstairs which is drenched in light during the daytime. (The hallways upstairs are bit dark for my taste.) The rooftop pool is small but very clean and the cabanas and lounge chairs make it quite glamorous. My only complaint was that the piped-in music around the pool was too loud. We didn't bring exercise clothes since we only stayed one night, but the exercise room (which overlooks the pool) was huge and had tons of cardio and weight machines.Room: Very clean and attractive. My favorite feature was the row of windows (the entire width of the room) with very nice wooden shutters. Since we only stayed one night, we didn't unpack so I didn't really notice what sort of storage there was (other than the closet). The bathroom was pretty small with a tiny sink and very plain tub, but there was plenty of counter space. I found the bed too hard but my husband slept well. We did not like the king-sized pillows. (Had we been staying more than one night, we would have asked to have them replaced with standard pillows.) My main reason for not giving the hotel five stars is that I found the bed uncomfortable. Location: Good, central location. Across the street from Harrah's casino (our room was on the opposite side of the hotel and was pretty quiet), a few blocks west of the French Quarter, and close to Restaurant August, Cuvee, the Aquarium, Insectarium, Warehouse District art galleries, Convention Center, etc.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bridget1985
<Content>Fabulous Time We just stayed at the W New Orleans for a long weekend. After reading the reviews, I was unsure of how our stay would be. We live at the W in Dallas, TX and it is very nice, brand new.... We were going to stay at the W French Quarter at first but decided to switch to the W New Orleans. ( we wanted a gym!) We had an absolute blast in New Orleans and LOVED the hotel... I think it all really depends on your style/taste, if you like more modern/urban the W New Orleans is for you, if you like the more New Orleans Decor You probably would not like the W New Orleans. My only complaint is the small bathroom, but it was fine, that was minor. Other thank that we just loved it! Yes we have stayed at nicer W hotels, but they were about $200+ more a night and were a lot newer, we got an excellent rate at the W New Orleans and it was worth every penny!  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>elana25
<Content>Not impressed This was my first experience with the W chain. I arrived about 4 pm on a Saturday. I found the lobby to be annoying. There was music blaring like a bar. This seemed to be standard procedure starting in the afternoon. It was very hard to communicate with the desk clerks and concierge. There were unattractive decorative vases filled with clear gel with various items floating in them. They seemed nasty and weren't visually appealing. Be aware that on each floor in the corners there are doors to 4 rooms clustered together. There are also doors that lead straight off the hallway into the rooms. I don't know if the ones in the corners are classified differently than others but they seemed to be less desirable. The entrance into the room was at an odd angle and the entrance into the bathroom was at an odd angle. The bathroom was much smaller than you would expect at a hotel of the class. The bath fixtures were nothing special and hard to operate... leading to scalding. There was a very cheap clear vinyl liner. There was nothing luxurious about it. They did offer BLISS products and that was the highlight of the room.My room was on the 8th floor facing the river. On the first night which was Saturday, I kept hearing car horns honking on a pretty regular basis (at around 11pm - midnight). Finally I figured out there was a parking garage adjacent to hotel and the valets were honking as they moved the cars. This garage served the casino nearby.. so there was plenty of honking. So a floor lower than the 8th would be worse.In the evening, they light candles in the lobby and spray fragrance. That seemed cheap and cheesy. They do have a car that provides a drop off service which is very nice. The coffee they serve in the lobby and that they provide in the rooms is a disgrace for a city known for its fine coffee.Also, I when to the restaurant one morning to buy a standard sized carton of yogurt ... I was obliged, along with a bill for $6.95. Come on. Maybe for room service...maybe.... All in all, this hotels image doesn't really fit with New Orleans and the actual accommodation provided is not a very good value for the money.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>beckar00
<Content>Yes and No... We stayed at the W for two nights and our stay was comfortable. This was our first experience at a W and it will surely not be our last. The customer service was excellent and the common areas of the hotel were relaxing and cool. The room was okay in size (not too big, not too small) and was decorated very modernesque.We were situated on the top floor with a nice view of all New Orleans and the French Quarter.There were only a few things that I did not like about the room:1. The bathroom sink -- while trendy and fun -- was way two small for both my husband and I. 2. There were no dressers in the room. Yes, there was a nice closet and two nightstands with drawers but I typically use a dresser when I check-in so this was odd. I also hated that valet parking cost us $33 per night. That was very expensive but then again all the hotels in the area were right around this price, so come prepared.Now to the things that I did like:1. The lobby was a buzz with very cool chic people all over. 2. The room was quiet (I did not hear a peep, like some who have written reviews on here).3. The bed was comfortable.4. I liked the location we stayed at. Great access to walk to the French Quarter, Magazine Street, Canal, the Riiverwalk and the Harrah's Casino which was right out the back door. Some may say that it lacks the New Orleans charm and I absolutely agree. This is a hotel that could be located anyplace but then again it was a nice retreat from a night on the town. I will admit that we did try to stay at the W in the French Quarter but it was sold out for the dates that we stayed.5. The W pays attention to the tiny details. An example is that when you leave at night and are in the elevator there is a floor rug that says Good Evening and in the morning it has been changed to say Good Morning.Would I stay there again...the answer is YES! Would it be my first choice...probably NO! Especially with so many other hotels in New Orleans fighting for tourism dollars. BUT this was an above average stay none the less!  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>LV_Bob
<Content>Stay some where else Just got back from 4 nights at the W. The biggest issue is the cleanliness of the room. This hotel isn't up to standards, TV cable went out, shower dripped, room wasn't cleaned by 5:30PM. I could go on and on. Bottom line, there are other hotels in New Orleans with much better service.  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	4	1	1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lambdachi6
<Content>Nice - but the Westin is better This is a nice hotel close to the French Quarter. The rooms are a little musty but perfectly fine. The common areas are what you would expect at a W Hotel. The Westin which is about 3 blocks away is a much nicer hotel in terms of the view of the river and the overall finish of the hotel. However, the fitness facility is definately better than the Westin, so stay at the W if you are a gym rat. Otherwise, the Westin is more elegant.  
<Date>May 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Clooney_99
<Content>An Incomplete W Hotel       Note the Tivoli clock radio with iPod charging station. Very nice.  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	3	4	4	

<Author>brockwatson
<Content>Much better than expected, would stay here again Got a great rate during Jazzfest a few weeks before (AAA) and had some apprehension based on other Tripadvisor reviews. Never having stayed at a W before, we expected to find a property and attitude that tried too hard. We are difficult to please well seasoned travelers in our late 40s and could not have been happier. Tripadvisor reviews had the rooms as small, but given the size of most rooms in New Orleans, they were quite comfortable and the work area was great (I was photographing the Festival and had to work and spread out every night). While there was some minor traffic noise and the bathroom was pretty basic, the service far exceeded our expectations and Brandon, one of the managers, and Danny at the concierge desk deserve big props for the graciousness and quick response to our many needs and requests. They even took us by private car to the Fest each day for free (Acura has a deal with W, so there is a courtesy car at most properties). Do not let the Tripadvisor rating fool you, I would recommend this hotel, particularly in the under $200/night range.  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Shuttle_Flyer
<Content>Expectations This is my second stay in a W in New Orleans (tried the W French Quarter before).The W New Orleans looks like a typical W from the outside. The dim lighting in the lobby and the Whiskey Blue bar also extends to the hallways.The front desk staff seems like they want to be helpful, but had problems with my hotel rate package. During reservation, breakfast was complimentary with it. However, when I checked in, they said it wasn't. COMPLAINT #1.The room itself was nice, but not super. The flat screen TV was good. This is not a great business hotel as the desk is right in front of the big TV. COMPLAINT #2.The bath was disappointing. Reminded me of a Holiday Inn with subway tiles, but with nicer toiletries. COMPLAINT #3.Complimentary coffee is offered, but coffee pot is not always filled and apparently it takes a LONG time to brew and transport their coffee. COMPLAINT #4  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	4	4	1	2	2	

<Author>Hendonesia
<Content>Metro-Sexual Purgatory Let me start off by saying that I average about 150-175 nights a year in hotels, almost exclusively in Starwood properties, but I鈥檝e never stayed in a W until this trip. Based on the time spent there over the week, I probably never will again.The concerns/issues/annoyances started immediately upon arrival where the 鈥済reeters鈥? all five of them, proceeded to watch my wife and I lift a couple very large suitcases out of the car and then into the hotel. The managed to say hi quite effectively, thus my designation of them as greeters, but they never offered to help or handle the luggage and didn鈥檛 open the door. Keep in mind, there were five of them and we were the only guests that were around at the time.At check in I was informed of a surprise where (b/c I had made two reservations 鈥?one for Monday-Wednesday and on for Wednesday-Sunday due to travel changes) I would have to check out on Wednesday and re-check in. This is odd b/c when I actually set up the second reservation I asked SPG (Starwood Preferred Guest) whether I should just cancel my old reservation and put in a new one, they said no b/c the hotels automatically merge reservations like this鈥pparently this isn鈥檛 true. Keep in mind, this isn鈥檛 a big deal at all, but just one of those little annoyances that seem to stick out when you鈥檙e under impressed with your overall experience. Yes, I鈥檓 being high maintenance, but at those prices shouldn鈥檛 I be?The room was small, but nicely appointed with an LCD tv (maybe 27 inches) and modern colors (very dark reds/maroons and black). The view wasn鈥檛 anything to write home about and the shutters for someone under six foot could be difficult to open. The shower/bathroom was very nice and the soaps/shampoos were also very nice. The bed was extremely uncomfortable and when compared to Sheraton鈥檚 Sweet Sleeper and the Westin Heavenly Bed I was very, very disappointed.There are some significant limitations to the layout b/c the tv is mounted just above the desk where the internet port is located. Thus if someone is using their laptop their head will block the tv. In addition, there is no wireless internet (I thought this place was supposed to be modern and hip) and the port only stretched a few inches forcing me to use the extended Ethernet cord I always carry. Not a big issue for me b/c I travel a lot and always carry one, but if you don鈥檛 have one, the entire experience will be uncomfortable for everyone involved.24 hours of access was $14.95, which is a rip-off, but standard in most hotels these days鈥ut at that price it should be wireless.I was again surprised to learn that the W hotels do not have SPG preferred rooms or floors. I didn鈥檛 expect a club room or free hors d鈥檕urves, but as a Platinum member I would have assumed I would get one of the top floors/best views and some complimentary water. I was mistaken on both these accounts. The coup-de-grace (pardon my computers inability to add the accent) was in the morning when I realized there was no coffee maker in the room. The Sheraton and Westin both have a single cup brewer with complimentary Starbucks. The W does have some good complimentary coffee, but you have to go to the lobby to get it. Again, I鈥檓 being high maintenance, but I personally like to lounge around and not get ready to go before I have my coffee. Trust me, no one wants to see me before I have my coffee鈥adly many did.The bar (Whiskey Blue) is the same as all the other Whiskey Blue鈥檚 in the other W hotels. It鈥檚 a nice place to grab a martini, but I wouldn鈥檛 want to linger there long, especially in New Orleans which boast some fantastic bars and music venues.The staff was mediocre at best. They remind me of the staff that waits on my wife when we shop at Gucci or Neiman Marcus, it鈥檚 almost as if you鈥檙e annoying them with your presence, rather than being treated like someone dropping $2,000 on a purse. The mgmt was friendly, but everyone else made me feel like I was an after-thought. Again this was a huge surprise to me b/c I usually experience nothing but class and warmth when staying in other Starwood properties.The location was good and the hotel rooms were quiet. It was a quick walk to the French Quarter and the river, roughly a city block away from both. There鈥檚 a big mall about a block away in the Westin. Caf茅 Du Monde and the heart of the French Quarter are about 15 minutes away walking. It鈥檚 directly across the street from the casino and easily accessible to cabs. The pool is small, but gets good sun and in the blistering heat of the summer I鈥檓 sure it鈥檚 extremely refreshing. Sadly when it鈥檚 only 85 outside, the pool was somewhere just barely north of freezing cold. The workout facilities are also nice, but for some odd reason you actually have to walk outside to get to the workout room. Normally this wouldn鈥檛 be an issue, but the one morning it was raining I didn鈥檛 enjoy getting wet before I went to run. There are three little 鈥渃abana鈥?type things next to the pool with tv and dvd players, covered seating, and ceiling fans. We didn鈥檛 have much use for them, but again, when its 100+ outside I鈥檓 sure they鈥檙e a little slice of heaven.Overall our stay was satisfactory, but at the rates they charge, it should have been much, much better. I would recommend, at those rates, staying at a more boutique type hotel or higher end hotel (ala Four Seasons or Ritz) that is focused on service rather than being hip. The W is about metro-sexual cool far more than it鈥檚 about comfort and relaxation. I鈥檓 sure the 24 x 7 techno in the lobby and elevators appeals to a very specific crowd, that crowd just isn鈥檛 me.Oh yeah, I also booked my parents a room on points (thus $0 for the room) and they charged $130 ($65 a night) as SPG reimbursement fees??? When my father asked for a copy of the bill he was told 鈥渨e don鈥檛 do that鈥?and she then started waiting on the person behind him. I resolved the issue with one call, but the audacity to try and scam $130 out of a stay is pathetic to say the least.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RetiredTeacher72
<Content>They TRY to be elegant Our stay at The W was prompted by a conference that my husband attended. Since we wanted to see some of the city, we added an extra night onto our reservation at $259 for the night.Check-in was somewhat confusing because of the 2 responsible payers. We double checked the next day and found that our keys would not be good for the third night and had to be reissued. The lobby area near the desk is very small and crowded. In fact, all the public lobby area is congested. Off the lobby is an area called The Living Room for meeting and visiting. The concept is good, the execution not so good. The seating is not conducive to visiting and it would only accommodate a couple of groups. Consequently, no one used it. There was also a coffee (am)/liquor (pm) bar in the area with a picnic table the only place to sit.The room was small and overcrowded. A small sofa, a desk/table/ bedside tables and refrigerator were crowded in. Prominently displayed were the items that if used, would be charged to your bill... very pricy snacks and drinks. Internet connection was $14.95 a day, billed promptly. A flat screen TV was wall mounted above the desk, not convenient for viewing while sitting on the sofa nor on the bed if someone was on the internet at the desk. The bed was very comfortable, we slept well. The plastic glasses were not replaced any day, so by the last morning we were sharing (they took away the used ones each day) nor were the towels replaced for the last (expensive) night. There was no microwave nor coffee pot.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	5	2	2	2	2	

<Author>vtfl2007
<Content>Whatever, Whenever? Yeah Right! So, the room was dirty, the bed was uncomfortable. The hotel bill was a nightmare. They overcharged my card, and held the mistaken charge on my card for 2 weeks. Whatever, Whenever never returned 5 calls. Thats 5 times we asked for something, and they never brought it, or never called back with an answer. The reviews that say they could hear people next door are less then kidding. I could hear every word that was said next door, and some things that i didn't even want to hear. The restaurant was overpriced, and the quality was disgusting. My order of fillet mignon was more like a mcdonalds mcrib sandwich, very disappointing. I wanted to have a romantic weekend, take in the rebuilding city. But this was the worst W I have ever stayed in, and does not come anywhere close to the quality of other W hotels. I was told the the property was formally a Crowne Plaza. Be prepared to pay W Hotel prices for less then Crowne Plaza quality. I could have got better service and slept better at a Days Inn.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	5	2	2	2	3	

<Author>remycortyue
<Content>Not worth the money I am writing this review from my bedroom at hotel W. It is 6 am and it's been 30 minutes that my next room neigbour is talking on the phone and I can hear everything he says. There is no soundproofing at all here and I could swear we are in the same room... pretty annoying.The hotel W is nice, its location is great and the staff is ok but it is definitely not worth its price. I don't find the rooms perfectly clean and this soundproofing issue is terrible. usually there is always a free bottle of water in the hotel rooms: here it costs $8 and they don't tell you of course: be aware of that! The overall experience is not horrifying at all bui I just won't come back here next time.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	5	2	3	3	2	

<Author>NancyProvidence_RI
<Content>Loved the W New Orleans I thought the W New Orleans was excellent and an excellent value for the cost. Although large, it had the feel of a small European hotel with Italian style as well. Everyone on the staff that I encountered was friendly and helpful. Room was slgihtly small but had all the amenities. At first I was disappointed not to be in the French Quarter (I was attending a conference), but actually liked the location and it was a short walk to the French Quarter.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MountPleasant
<Content>Perfect Location-W Swanky W....with a great Bar and the little Club at night that can get jamming. Right across from Harrah's where you can lose all your money. Right around the corner from Bourbon where you can drink all your money. Great rooms, typical dark W with that Euro style. You enter into what are two large curtains that open as you come thru...not a door....very cool. Large desk to check in, bar over on left. Always a good looking bar tender.Great place to stay...someone from 25-45 this is the spot.My tips on places to eat in the BIG EASY...Jaccamo'sDrago's for OystersIrene'sHerb SaintGalatoire'sStellaCommander'sand you must go to CLANCY's!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Email for Restaurant info....I spent the last 3 years on business in New Orleans and have tried everything-or almost.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>1	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>klazo14
<Content>Never again!!! Horrible I would not recommend this hotel to anybody. The service is horrible. I wouldn鈥檛 bother booking a reservation because they overbook and your reservation is meaningless. The site makes it seem like they cater to dogs. There is no dog package. For the dog treats, it is cheap milk bones, not gourmet treats like the W in the French Quarter. Yes its trendy but whatever to their whenever!! I do admit I love the beds.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lindseyjeanne
<Content>horrible! My husband and I stayed here for a conference in January and we were quite surprised at how run-down the place was. Definitely not up to the W brand. Here's a smattering of what bothered us:1. Concierge infrequently at desk during open hours2. No hot water the first night (!)3. Poor ventilation4. Stains on carpet and chair5. Hair on bathroom floor and in the sheets (!) when we arrived6. Internet connection did not work (as promised) and my husband spent 45 minutes on the phone with IT to get it to work7. More minor irritants: bathroom wall was dirty, the hair dryer was cheap, the kleenex were like sandpaperJust yuck! I'm frustrated that we paid so much money for our stay.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	2	2	4	

<Author>jonathan19280
<Content>Good location I have just spent a fairly comfortable week at the W New Orleans, reading the other reviews on the hotel I cannot argue, it is a very good looking hotel, and if that's what you are looking for then you'll be rating it full marks. Service at Reception could be hit or miss depending on how busy they were at any time. I was expecting work packages to be delivered for a presentation I was giving the next day, the boxes had been delivered (signatures to authenticate this) but the W claimed they had not arrived yet, so a lot of time going backwards and forwards trying to locate these packages, in the end it was all too late for my presentation.My room which is I think was a corner room was a bit on the small side, comfortable but no doubt about it - smallAnd the dividing walls are a bit thin, I could hear almost everything my neighbours were saying or watching on TV. This may be different depending on your room class or location, but worth keeping in mind.So in a nutshell, probably a great hotel for holidaying at, but for business? I would certainly look elsewhere  
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	3	2	1	

<Author>Trilobite2006
<Content>Trendy Hotel       King room  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>TexasCrapsman
<Content>Below Expectations My wife and I spent one night at the W Hotel--New Orleans. The location is convenient to the convention center and to Harrah's, but a bit of a walk to the French Quarter. Service left much to be desired. We booked a package that included champagne. At registration, we were told it would be right up. That ended up being a wait of over 1.5 hours and required several calls to the desk. The property is geared to a younger crowd and is in need of refreshing. Walls need to be repainted, carpet is worn, and some of the room furnishing have seen better days.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	3	1	-1	

<Author>LasVegas23
<Content>Wonderful Vacation at the W New Orleans The W New Orleans is a beautiful hotel and is exactly what to expect in a W Hotel. I enjoyed that they change the mats in the elevator depending on the time of day. The rooms are a little small, but are very nice. There is a huge desk in the room and the bed is very comfortable.When we first arrived we spoke with the concierge team to see if there was anything that we definatly needed to do while we were there. The concierge team was very friendly and very helpful. They gave us a map of the French Quarter and marked some places that we would want to visit. They also gave us a list of musicians that were playing for every night that we were in town. I have never experienced such great service from a concierge team and I work in the Hotel industry.The one downfall of this hotel is that it costs $28 per day to park and it took at least 30 minutes each time for the valet to get our car even when we were the only ones waiting for our car.I would definatly recommend this hotel if you are planning a trip to New Orleans.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hwalkerf
<Content>go mardi gras! The W was just gorgeous and lived up to expectations - highlights include friendly and helpful staff, the amazing bed, ipod player in the room, the Bar downstairs, free internet access, seeing Peppa (from Salt  Peppa) in the lobby...We stayed here on Madri Gras (feb 4 5) and while there were lots of people there it never felt crowded or busy, there was never a wait (at the counter, bar or computers, etc!)...the location was ideal as you are right in the middle of things - a couple blocks off parade routes, and 5 minutes or so from the Quarter. The only downside was that our room key consistently did not work - however, at the end of our stay we were given free points in compensation.Two helpful tips: there is a minature convenient store across the street at the Staybridge hotel and I recommend strolling across the street for a classic cocktail at Cafe Adelaide!  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>busedteach
<Content>So far, O.K! We are staying the week-end before Mardi Gras--Friday to Monday. Check-in was chaotic on Friday. At the time, we didn't get upset because a lot of people were checking in at the same time. Saturday, we called to get our car out at 10:45a.m.. We got it at 11:30a.m.. Valet parking--$28 per night is a total chaotic mess! You have to tip the car runners money just to get your car out of valet. This is on top of the $28 per night. No one seems to be in charge. Tonight, I came back to my room at 11:00 p.m. and there were no wash towels in our room. I had to call the front desk--1) I couldn't understand a word the person who answered the phone said, 2) How much do you have to tip the housekeepers to get your room serviced properly.Overall, the hotel is very chic. I live in New Orleans and it has to be the most modern in our city. Rooms are very small if you get double-beds. My brother is staying in a king room and it is larger. I think if you use starwood points, they automatically put you in the smallest room that they can find. We used points to stay in our room--my brother did not. Not sure if there is room service because I cannot find any information on that in our room. You can hear every little noise in the hallways, but it could be extra noisy because of Mardi Gras.The location to parades, casino, shopping, balls, and French Quarter is awesome.Overall, I would stay here again because of the location and if I got it for a discount price.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	4	2	-1	

<Author>tkelly1313
<Content>Great stay I stayed here for 4 nights while on a business trip. My room was fabulous and the bed was incredible. The room service was good and the quality of the food was better than I expected. I was there on business and we spent most of our days in conference rooms within the hotel. The food was great, as was the overall decor. The staff was friendly and very helpful.I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>krbonil
<Content>Mixed Bag Booked early for a stay during the first week of January and got an excellent rate as far as W's go. Would stay again, but only with a similar low rate. Some pros and cons:Pros1 The front desk staff and bellmen were exceptionally helpful and hospitable. We were greeted warmly and quickly every time we entered the hotel and were granted a change of room request with no problem at all (wanted a room with a view of the river).2 The room was very clean and the bed was superb. Nice soft sheets, feather pillows, and Bliss bath products. 3 I love the location of the W on Poydras because I personally don't like staying in the Quarter. It's only a few blocks from the Quarter and is an easy walk. I realize safety is a concern for alot of people, and though I am not from New Orleans and cannot speak with the authority of a local, I do visit several+ times a year. That being said, I would have no problem walking to and from the W to the Quarter. Just avoid the smaller side streets and use the same common sense you would use in any city. Also, cabs are in plentiful supply and it's pretty much $10 plus or minus a few dollars to most destinations in the city. Additionally, Mothers is across the street and Restaurant August is about a block away. Two ends of the dining spectrum, both excellent. The casino is across the street as well.4 The pool area is on the 4th floor deck and is alot of fun. Plenty of seating. Too cold to use during our stay, but I don't really expect to find a heated pool in New Orleans.Cons:1 The rooms are a bit tiny and there really isn't sufficient room for luggage. My husband had to work at the desk and I would have to climb over the bed to pass. Not a big deal, but I can imagine it being one if I was rooming with someone who doesn't pack lightly.2 The concierge --although wonderfully helpful --tended to help people who called in before people who were standing and waiting in person. I experienced a couple of lengthy waits. I realize it can be quite alot to handle with multiple lines in person and on the phone, but it's just a personal pet peeve of mine. I feel people who are waiting in line should be helped first.3 We checked out the day of the Sugar Bowl, and I expected that the city (and hotel) would be overcrowded, but it took valet an hour and a half to retrieve our vehicle. Yes, I should have called down early, but good grief. I think an hour and a half is just inexcusable.Given that the city is still on the mend, I'm hoping the service issues will be resolved with time. Overall, it's a clean hotel in a good location, and I would stay again.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	3	4	

<Author>JTFV
<Content>Not up to Starwood standards I have stayed in worse hotels, but rarely at this price range. I booked late (two weeks out) for a New Year鈥檚 weekend. I forgot that there were three football games going on that weekend, and prices were high ($420 a night) due to the high occupancy rate. So I transferred some AMEX points over to Starwood to book the room. As a tourist to New Orleans, I like to stay in the French Quarter since that's where I end up most of the time. The W in the Quarter was fully booked so I booked this one instead, just a few blocks across canal. When I pulled up to the carport there were no bellmen out to assist with luggage. Not a big deal except that the valet were in abundance just staring at me. I walked into the hotel and got my own cart, loaded it and started to wheel it into the hotel. Only then did the valet ask if I was parking with them (duh?). I handed one of them the keys and a five and up came a bellman that was very nice and helpful. The lobby was typical W; plush sofas, funky lighting and original art. Funny thing though, they were playing the Hotel Costes CDs - literally the music CDs mixed for the Hotel Costes in Paris. Sort of like Wendy's selling Big Macs...The room was tiny but adequate. I went to get ice and the machine was broken, so I went to the floor above. It was broken. I checked floors 17 through 20. All the machines were broken. The next day the elevator stopped on 12 and a lady got on with ice. She said she was staying on 9 and the machine was broken there! I asked the front desk, and they told me new ones were being ordered. Back to the room, the water pressure was terrific - practically knocked me out of the shower, but the drain was very slow. I ended my first shower with water past my ankles. I called maintenance but he showed up the next day at 3pm - just as I way laying down for a nap so I sent him away. Several other small events happened (didn't call for my wake up, or my friend's wakeup which was requested separately from mine). All things you might expect at a budget hotel, not a Starwood hotel. I wrote the corporate office of Starwood and they responded very quickly with apologies and a well written letter, and credited me the equivalent of one night's stay.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	3	3	2	3	2	

<Author>BayouChica
<Content>Child-free night at the W We are locals of New Orleans, but decided to spend a night without the kids. It was our anniversary weekend (December 1, 2007) and the first time spending a night without kids in 5 years. The W New Orleans was the place for this.Two o'clock was the time. The time for us to say have a good weekend kids with your grandparents. We were off to downtown New Orleans to the W Hotel New Orleans on Poydras Street. You would think we were taking some long trip away from the girls far far away, but it was just a ten minute drive from home. It was just what I needed!First of all, I just hung out in the hotel room. I did nothing for about 15 minutes. Then I decided to do something I rarely get to do...take a bath without being interrupted. It was very nice. They had Bliss skincare products which were very nice and my skin appreciated them.Next, we got ready for our dinner reservations at 6:00 PM. They were for Cafe Adelaide across the street at the Lowes Hotel. Our location was fantastic. The restaurant was across the street. Harrah's Casino was next door. Well, back to dinner. Being that the restaurant is part of the Brennan's family empire, service was excellent. The food was good, but I was very limited since I don't eat beef or pork. Of course, they had their namesake turtle soup and duck. FG got both of them. I got squash soup which was good, but too sweet for me. Next I had the shrimp remoulade. I think this was my favorite part of my meal. My entree was tuna. It was just fine, but not the excellence I was expecting. We decided to skip dessert since we were going to a party. I guess I have become a food snob over the years. That's what happens when you live in a city where food is such an important part of the culture. It is the culture.Now, back to the hotel. Did I happen to mention the incredible service we had at the W? There was a gentleman that goes by the name Doc. He is the epitome of customer service. He is the man! If you need anything, I mean anything, he is the go-to man. Part of the unexpected service we got was a message from the staff wishing us a Happy Anniversary, a half dozen chocolate covered strawberries delivered to our room after about an hour of our arrival. In the morning, a chocolate mousse dessert was delivered to our room with Happy Anniversary on the chocolate. They really paid attention to the details. I certainly felt special. One detail we both noticed was in the elevators. They had rugs that said Good Morning, Good Afternoon, and Good Evening which were changed according to time of day.Well, that was our weekend without children. We certainly did enjoy it. I don't know why it took us that long to do it. I am ready for a child free weekend or night again!Although we did have an exceptional stay, my only complaint is that the room was small. A whole lot smaller than anticipated. It was this really weird corner shaped room. There was just enough room to walk between the bed and the desk (you needed to move the chair otherwise you would not be able to pass).I almost forgot to mention the pool. We went out on the pool deck and just relaxed up there. The view was phenomenal. The feel that it had was very calming. If you need to clear your head, this is the place to go.This hotel has a certain vibe going on (a great thing). When I walked in, I didn't feel like a stay-at-home mom, but kind of cool and hip. I think the 2 greatest attributes this hotel has going for it are its service and location. I will definitely stay at another W hotel in the future.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jcindc
<Content>Sweet Spot for Sugar Bowl, Casino, Riverfront  Get to Nawlins fairly often....three times in last 9 months; twentysomething times over the years. First stay here at this W and I'd say most positive reviews herein are pretty accurate. Front desk and bell staff were extremely efficient and very attentive to us, but then again I have an island wife who is outgoing and can make friends with a goldfish.....plus I TIP WELL, which after all is REALLY KEY to getting good treatment anywhere, especially down in the Big Easy. We did not eat at the restaurant but ordered breakfast room service and it was delivered in about 20 minutes.....of course way overpriced, but nonetheless fast, fresh, and tasty. We booked a Starwood Internet Special at $199 and based on the rates I have paid at other hotels in the Quarter, this is a fairly good deal. The hip and trendy factor may not be as strong as in other W properties-- but then again you're not in San Diego or Miami either. Room accommodations were as advertised/expected, and location is central and hard to beat if your plans include the Superdome, Casino, Riverfront,  Bourbon Street. I personally prefer to stay closer to the Arts Warehouse District as the drunken idiot quotient and noise factor is much less there, and the hotels are not as downtrodden. As a rule, I don't provide negative reviews, but I will tell you some hotels in the Quarter are downright filthy and moldy, and a really bad value for the money.Ok, so B+ is our final score....if not for a noisy and underperforming room heating system, and an ill-suited fish bowl vanity sink that may look good but is functionally mediocre, it would be an A at under $200.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Champagne77007
<Content>Fabulous! Stayed at the W New Orleans to watch the Sugar Bowl playoff game. The hotel was chic, just like other W's I have visited. The room was large, and so very comfortable. We just sank into the plush bed. The sheet count was 320 and soft, very soft. The comforter was so comfortable that I did not wish to get out of bed in the morning. The bathroom was spotless.The only negative was that in the room we stayed, the shower never reached full potential because 1/4th of the water was routed through the tub faucet and you could not get it to route through the shower head.The room stayed dark in the morning when the shutters were closed. It was also very quiet and peaceful, which is an amazing feat for any New Orleans hotel because of the normal hustle and bustle in the city. Across the street from the hotel is Mothers, a restaurant known as a breakfast institution in NOLA. Sadly, it no longer lives up to the hype. (I used to be a big fan) Go elsewhere for breakfast and do not enter this decaying breakfast institution.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>TravelBoulder
<Content>Not what I expected but OK I have stayed a couple of W's including the one in the French Quarters which I definitely prefer.Overall, this is just an OK hotel, more like an upscale Holiday Inn. The regular rooms are a bit small, especially the bathroom.ProsThe hotel is a great location if you want to go to the casino, eat at Mothers, walk over to shops or movies at Canal St. Mall. Also, easy to get to the convention center. The bed as others have mentioned is great. ConsThe service is in a word terrible. I attribute this in part to the ongoing challenge of finding staff since Katrina. I had booked a spectacular room. When I got up to my room it wasn't so spectacular when I called down, I was told my room was a regular room and they were out of spectacular rooms. No big deal except the rate i was paying was higher, when I mentioned this they were like OK, we'll give the rate for that room, like they were doing me a favor.Problem with the TV, they said they would send someone to check, never did. When I called they said they were busy would send someone, never did, second time. Asked to speak to manager, told they were not available. In short, felt like I was bother the staff, they were way too cool for school or work for that matter.If you can stay for less than $139 and need to be at convention center, then might consider staying here, otherwise, look elsewhere.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	2	2	3	

<Author>Omega_wdc
<Content>Abysmal Markedly sub-par, mostly in service, than any other W property that we have ever stayed in. From the check-in to the bell-hops to the restaurant staff, at every step the service was utterly unprofessional and even lazy. Some of the staff were, in spite of the incompetence, at least trying to be nice. Not so at the restaurant, Zoe - they were incompetent, but they were rude too. An example? The apex of the entire experience really has to be the, heavily advertised and much touted, Christmas brunch. While very sparsely attended (e.g. 70% tables vacant), the staff was asking a number of guests, after having already seated them, to leave the dining room and sit at the booths outside the main area - still not quite clear why. It would take more than 30 minutes to be served, and even then the servers forgot half of the order. All interraction was done with a huff - just really had an impression that the staff did not want to be there, they did not want guests there, or possibly both... I had ordered a soup that was brought to me with a question: Did you want a spoon with that?, only to be given a spoon that the server brought in his bare hands, holding it by the mouth-piece. I wanted to leave all along, but my husband did not want a contretemps on Christmas - so we stayed. We watched as other guests (smarter than us), at least 10 in all, left one by one after about 10 min of this treatment. On the positive side, the property is chic and pretty, although not very well maintained and far away from French Quarter (if you are coming as a tourist). We stopped by the other W (in the French Quarter) and, although we did not stay there, it did not seem better run. We walked off the street through the wrong door and ended up in one of the hotel's guest-room hallways. Basically anyone can - there is no safety checks in place. Since their restaurant - and the reason why we came - was closing, we spoke to the front desk staff about dinner arrangements. She too was totally unhelpful (and a number of people piling up at her desk with complaints would probably agree). This too is another pretty property (very quaint pool and courtyard area) that is poorly managed and maintained.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	4	3	2	2	1	2	

<Author>cyan_5050
<Content>Great Stay I had just a terrific stay at the W. It was my first time staying there and I can't wait to stay at another W property. It was trendy, hip, and just a great experience.It's close to the Canal Shops, across the street from Mother's and Harrah's and not far at all from the Warehouse District. And probably a ten minute walk or less to the French Quarter. The staff was accommodating and I wish I could have stayed longer.The bed was just awesome. The room and the Bliss products were good too. I really even love the W cds they put in every room. Good stay!!!!!  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>SHFT54
<Content>Overall great experience at the W Near flawless stay, with the exception of a house keeping blunder in which they didn't replace dirty sheets on my bed, but one call to the front desk and the issue was quickly taken care of. The hotel is a little further from the Quarter than I would have like to have been but it is still within walking distance. Harrah's is literally right across the street if you like to gamble and one of the best places for po'boys and bread pudding is on the other side of the hotel( it's called mother's). Rooms were average size and beds were very comfortable. The staff at the trendy bar Whiskey Blue are very friendly and quick to engage in conversation on slow nights. The front desk staff was also very friendly and helpful.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>honeymooner74
<Content>Nice Hotel, Bad Staff The hotel was nice, but the staff was not up to other W properties. We could hear arguing from the kitchen while we waited 20 minutes for a simple bacon and egg breakfast. It wasn't even busy. It was a Monday morning. There were several mistakes on the hotel bill as well that took me a week after the trip to get straightened out. The consierge was also not that helpful either. I can google on my own. He had no purpose.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	5	2	3	3	2	

<Author>UrsulaLondon
<Content>Loved this place We had a fabulous room on the 22nd floor. The most comfortable bed I have ever stayed in - and all the staff were completely helpful. A great place to stay.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kbatiste
<Content>Absolutely Wonderful @ W My husband and I had a wonderful weekend at the W last weekend. We found the staff to be informative, attentive, and courteous. We had a wonderful room facing the river. I found the room to be clean, updated and spacious. We will definetly visit the W again. I recommend this hotel to couples who want a sensual get away.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mcail86
<Content>Very good experience The W hotel in New Orleans was a very good place to stay. The hotel was very nice, as well as the view. They have taxi service available at the front entrance, and the hotel rooms were very nice with many conveniences.The W, like many New Orleans locales, charges a lot of money for valet parking ($31 at the W), which can be a bit of a pain. The valet staff was very helpful--they helped load the car for me, even taking off my backpack to stick in the back seat. Another problem is that they parked my car in a wet location because when I got the car back, it was very dirty on the outside.Another negative aspect was that we asked for the hotel to change the bedding to foam from feather, and it took them 5 hours to finally grant our request.In short, in spite of some of these cons, the W was enjoyable to stay at, and I would return again.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	2	3	

<Author>kathyp
<Content>Not at all your regular W experience I have stayed at this hotel three times - most recently in July 2007 after staying away for 6 months (I travel to New Orleans once or twice a month for business). Despite my feedback to the management after my previous stay (December 2006), things were not much better. The valet staff couldn't care less about your arrival - no one has ever offered to help with luggage - and its about the same treatment from the front desk staff. The restaurant is awful - food and service. The hotel itself is in a good location and rooms are pretty W-hotel standard. Great bed, good amenities, etc but if you are hoping for a staff that really wants your business, this is not the hotel for you. My recommendation - try the W French Quarter - much better.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>2	3	4	4	4	1	2	3	

<Author>Cissie44
<Content>Nice Hotel with a Good Location This is a nice boutique size hotel with all that you would expect of a W Hotel. Very clean modern lines, funky bar, young hipster staff. The service was good and the rooms were clean and had all of the modern ammenities. The location of the hotel was perfect. If you've ever been to New Orleans you know that all of the action is on Bourbon Street and the French Quarter. However, that doesn't necessarily mean you want to sleep in the French Quarter with people continiung to party until the wee hours of the night just underneath your window. This is an ideal hotel that is close enough to walk a few blocks to the quarter to great restaurants and nightlife, but far enough off the beaten path so that you can get some peace and quiet when you are trying to sleep. It's also right across the street from Harrah's Casino if you are a gambler. Oh, and it's also across the street from Mother's which is supposed to have awesome po boys and such (though I can't vouch for that.) At a couple of hundred bucks a night it is definitely a good buy. PS The quarter and surrounding area is in very good shape and shows little signs of hurricane damage. I did take a Katrina Tour of the 9th ward and other areas which are still quite devastated though.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>jimjade3
<Content>Good location, good beds. I had seen the W in the French Quarter from the outside and I decided to try to book a room when I had a weekend meeting in N.O. There were no rooms there but they did have them at the W on Poydras Street. The W on Poydras has an interesting location. I used it as a chance to walk though the warehouse district and the galleries, museums and cafes in that area. It is across the street from Harrahs Casino, and near the aquarium and only a brief walk to the quarter. I'd give it a 10 for location. But when you go inside, the 10 begins to fade. The last time I was in N.O. I stayed at the Omni Royal Orleans and there I was met by staff who seemed trained in their field and many of whom had been with the hotel many years. They welcomed you in and did what they could to assist. There was not that feel at W. There was no one to check my bag while I walked around waiting for a vacant room to be cleaned. I kind of hung around till I found someone. My room was spacious. It was very large - much larger than the Omni, and the bed (together with the sheets and comforter) was probably the best sleeping set-up I have even experienced. I had sort of a corner room with windows facing two directions. You might ask for one of these rooms, if you choose to stay here. The condition of the room, however, was slightly tattered. They had a great chaise in the room but it had a large stain right where you wanted to lie down and read or watch tv. The furnishings had signs of nicks and the whole room and lobby shared the general look of 'needs an update'. The woirkout room was great. So there were some strong and weak points to the hotel.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TheExecutive
<Content>Whatevah, whenevah service lacking For the price of this place, ($400+ per night) I expected great service. Instead my fianc茅 and I had to port our own bags up to our room as no bellman was available. She had to stand outside with them to keep an eye on them while I checked in. My cleaning didn鈥檛 make it up to our room. I had to call the front desk to have it delivered.Did not have a king room available even though that's what I booked.For the money there are much better places to stay in New Orleans.I'll pick someplace for next year's Jazz Fest.  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>1	1	4	4	4	1	3	-1	

<Author>CrabGuy
<Content>Not a 4-Star My wife and I stayed at the W New Orleans (Poydras Street) from March 28 to April 3. She was attending a conference and the W was one of the conference hotels. Having heard so much about the 鈥渢rendy and hip鈥?W chain, we decided to try it. As this was also the first weekend of Jazz Fest, the hotel was filled to capacity.My overall impression is that, in its current condition, the W is not a 4-star hotel by any means. Although the staff was very friendly and helpful (and glad to welcome tourists), the W still has a way to go before it can again be considered a 4-star property. The W is in a great location, backed up to the Windsor Court Hotel (a true 4-star) and across the street from the Harrah鈥檚 Casino. It鈥檚 convenient to the Convention Center, business district and the Warehouse District (cool art galleries and restaurants). The legendary Mother鈥檚 Caf茅 is just a few steps away, with great Southern home-style breakfasts and po鈥?boy sandwiches. The Riverside Mall, Shops at Canal Street, Aquarium, and Canal Street streetcars are within a couple of blocks. The French Quarter is a 10-minute walk away. (Be careful walking as the sidewalks are still in bad shape and it's easy to trip.) The W has a very cool vibe. The lobby and bar area (which also serves as a breakfast caf茅) is very modern, with lots of interesting furniture and accessories. Complimentary copies of USA Today, New York Times and the Times-Picayune are usually available in the lobby. We also found a USA Today outside our door each weekday morning. The availability of three PC terminals (and a color laser printer) in the lobby made it easy to check email and print our boarding passes for the trip home. The upscale/trendy Whiskey Blue bar on the lobby floor makes a great mango/mint mohito, but the ever-present pounding techno music made it difficult to carry on a conversation.  Upon check-in, we were told that there were no king rooms available, despite the fact that we had made reservations more than four months ago. The desk clerk 鈥渇ound鈥?us a king room, however, after we complained and flashed our Priority Club card.  She did us no favor, however, as our 5th floor room was located near the outdoor pool area on the fourth floor. The sound system played incessant techno music 24-hours a day, which got old very quickly. Since the hotel was booked solid, I didn鈥檛 bother to ask for a room change, but in hindsight, I should have. Upon entering the room, we found both nightstand lamps, the CD player and the TV turned on (to the W promo channel with audio turned down). In a time when we should all be concerned with saving energy, I consider this practice wasteful. The lamps and TV were again on each time we returned to our room after housekeeping had cleaned it. Again, there鈥檚 no excuse for this kind of waste. I鈥檓 more than capable of turning on a light when I enter a room. The room was spacious, with a large work desk, a velvet-covered daybed, and a small cabinet, which housed a mini-refrigerator. Clothes storage was limited to three small drawers in each of the nightstands. The closet space was adequate, although we had to request additional hangers, as well as a second terry cloth robe. (The robes are a nice touch.) The closet also contained a small safe, handy for stashing jewelry and other valuables. The furniture was finished in black lacquer, but showed signs of wear, as did the daybed, which had some small stains and fraying at the seams. The room featured white wooden shutters, which I preferred over heavy drapes, although they didn鈥檛 provide much soundproofing from the street noise and poolside music. The king bed was very comfortable, with both a down-filled mattress topper and down comforter in a maroon duvet cover. The down-filled pillows were large and soft, although we both prefer a firmer pillow. The room had a large-screen tube TV (rather than a flat panel LCD), as well as a DVD player and clock radio with a CD player. A complimentary library of DVDs and CDs is available in the lobby. A wall-mounted thermostat allowed us to control the room temperature and circulation fan. Overall, the room was nice, but in need of a refreshing. There were noticeable stains and wear in the carpeting, with fraying at the bathroom door saddle.  The bathroom featured a granite-topped vanity, with a stainless steel sink bowl and sleek chrome fixtures. You need to be careful when turning on the faucet, as the water splashes back on you because of the sink鈥檚 design. The shower had excellent water pressure and warmed up quickly. The tile and tub area showed signs of mildew.There was no ventilation fan in the bathroom, which made the mildew problem worse. The bathroom floor was sticky to the touch, so I wiped it down with a wet towel. My wife appreciated the large, wall-arm-mounted makeup mirror, which also served as a nightlight. The Bliss toiletries were very nice, although our housekeeper neglected to replace the shampoo on more than one occassion. I finally resorted to stashing a bottle in my toilet kit, to ensure that we鈥檇 have a supply for the following morning. The bath towels were small and rather thin for an upscale hotel. Considering the quality of the bed linens, the bath accessories should have been of better quality. There was no in-room coffee maker, a feature we鈥檝e come to expect for that first eye-opening cup in the morning. The lobby bar charged $3 for a cardboard cup of coffee, which really should have been complimentary.   I used the pool only once during our stay. As others have noted, it photographs better than it is in reality. It鈥檚 a small pool, but it was refreshing to take a dip in the 85 degree heat. Several people commented that the fitness facility was excellent, although we did not use it. Like most NOLA hotels, the W is understaffed and it clearly shows in the housekeeping staff鈥檚 lack of attention to detail. I didn鈥檛 quite know what to expect post-Katrina, but I did expect more of a 4-star hotel. Under the current circumstances, I'm more than willing to cut them some slack.The city is clearly in the early stages of recovery and we hope that our visit contributed to its comeback. NOLA is truly a unique gem and deserves our support.Overall, I found the W New Orleans to be a friendly, pleasant experience, but I鈥檓 not likely to stay here in the future.  
<Date>May 6, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	3	3	4	3	

<Author>vjdantone
<Content>Chic and FABULOUS Back down to my FAVORITE city for Jazz Fest (ya gotta go!) and found four nights at the W Hotel just outside the French Quarter. Absolutely FABULOUS for Customer Service. We arrived at 1PM on a Wednesday and our room was ready (always a good thing) and even though there was a slight problem with the reservation dates (ALWAYS save your confirmation info and bring it with you), the second I showed it, NO problems. Nice room, city view (a little small) great sized bathroom. CLEAN room, outrageously comfortable bed, etc. But the personal service from the whenever/whatever desk (consierge) was amazing. This is NOT a small hotel, but you go to the lobby, and immediately are asked if you need any help (Don is THE man!). Kudos to the staff at the front desk as well (THANKS, Phil!). I loved the friendliness of the staff from top to bottom. And yes, that little 'snack bar' off the lobby is a tad outrageous price wise, but hey. get out onto the street and walk. Go get a monster breakfast across the street at Mothers or stroll to Canal Street and just enjoy watching the city wake up while you're sipping a cup of java. I've stayed at some supposedly 'top-class' hotels before and let me tell ya, their staff can definitely take some lessons from the folks working here at this W hotel. Now, if I can just get back to NOLA soon, I'd love to try their property in the French Quarter (next to Bacco's restaurant, home of the 10 cent lunch martini, that way I wouldn't have to find my way back a few blocks to this W .....kidding here....)And please, get to NEW ORLEANS asap. They need our support for tourism as well. Enjoy the city, spend some money. It may not be there this time next year.......  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SeminarTrekker
<Content>Great Locale, Comfy Beds, Free Workstations/Internet       Bathroom Without a Fan  
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>JB101
<Content>Loved it. I stayed at the W Hotel in New Orleans from February 5-7. I had business at the Court of Appeals, which was just a few blocks away. I had not stayed at a W before, but I loved it. The ambiance of the lobby is super cool and the staff was very friendly. My room had a couple of flaws -- burned out lightbulb and a cd player not working. But, I called the front desk and they were immediately taken care of. It was about a ten minute walk to the French Quarter. But, since it was out of the quarter, I found it pretty quiet in my room on the 17th floor. The bed was wonderful.I'll stay there again.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>miahowl
<Content>Overhyped  My husband and I were VERY excited to stay @ the W because I have always heard the chain is so hip  upscale. What we found was hip yes, upscale no. (stayed 4 nts over Halloween)Lots of little things wrong here for the price. Opened our windows to a view of a brick wall. The chaise lounge in our room was very cool, other than the cigarette burn in it! The bathroom shower is a strange set up - there is just an opening to walk into and it is the same end as the towel rack, which my husband (who is 6'1) kept knocking his head on. There is no fan in the bathroom. The wonders of photography make the pool look MUCH cooler on their website than in person. Word to the wise on dining - I got two ham  egg croissant sandwiches in the morning without asking the cost and was FLOORED to be charged almost $18.00!!! This was at a counter I walked up to where they were ready made  already wrapped. They were very good but that is a ridiculous price when it isn't room service, and not even a restaurant!My husband and I took to calling the Whatever, Whenever policy Whatever, Never. It seemed that every time we had any type of a request or question during our 4 nt stay that we would come up empty. I am very sympathetic to Katrina but it seems that their staff is in need of some additional training. We asked where we could get food delivered late one night and were told that there wasn't anywhere and the only option was to go eat at Harrah's across the street. The next morning we found a diner two blocks away that is open 24 hours *and* delivers! (Rosie's Diner - had several meals there  has an interesting menu - just don't go hungry, they are S-L-O-W!)I will give major kudos to the lobby area. The furnishing is super contemporary and unique, the music piped in is groovy, and the free internet terminals are a nice touch. However, overall this place was a big disappointment and we would not go again.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelchatter
<Content>Fabulous!       Jester's Daiquiris  
<Date>Jan 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hdblue
<Content>Another great stay !               More photos  
<Date>Jan 12, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>swellgirl
<Content>Great location and hotel, poor food I've stayed at the W New Orleans a few times, most recently in December 2006. The service is great. Allison at the front desk is a gem. The beds are comfortable and the rooms are everything you'd expect in a W.The main lobby is a little dark for my taste, but nice enough. Very loungey.I've eaten at the bar and was very disappointed in the food. Avoid the salads.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	5	5	4	

<Author>toomanybeds
<Content>Good staff, poor facilities I suppose you have to cut a little slack for New Orleans right now; the recovery from Katrina is slow and obvious, and the place needs your business. This is probably reflected in the positive and can do attitudes of the people; New Orleans is a lot more customer centric than before the hurricane. The W Hotel reflects this. I really can't fault their staff enthusiasm, service commitment and relentless cheerfulness. I can, though, seriously criticise what is a worn out and shabby property that does not justify the room rate. Rooms are poky, with teeny bathrooms equipped with joke baths and weak showers. Doors collide with each other and even getting into some rooms requires the skills of a gymnast. Beds are comfy though. Worst aspect is the appalling lack of sound insulation - privacy is non-existent. I had three rooms in a week so can comment from bitter experience. Maintenance and upkeep needs to be more proactive - basic stuff like flat safe batteries shouldn't happen.Heating and ventilating in some public rooms was terrible - roast or freeze. Background music was offensively loud. Mass catering was weak, poorly presented and fat laden. The Zoe restaurant was OK but dimly lit and with all the ambience of a 1970s motorway cafe. The bars were in line with the modern club idiom; the whole hotel has a penchant for purple that becomes quite nauseous after a while.Overall a strange experience that fails to live up to the W Hotels hype.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	5	4	3	

<Author>Gomac
<Content>W Hotel was a super hotel experience After airport delays, we finally checked into the W New Orleans at 2:00 am on 1 December 2006. The valet parkers were super friendly especially as it was 2 am. The desk clerk was even better. I had requested a king bed but all they had was a room with a double on the 22nd floor. He said he could change us to a king size in the morning. They could, but we declined, as we were enjoying the view from the 22nd floor.I had never been to a W before and the reviews on this board are mixed. It did not disappoint. The lobby was certainly different, very minimalist, and sort of funky, as are the rooms. However the same cannot be said about ANY of the staff, from the person sweeping the lobby, to the housekeepers, valets, concierges, bar keep, any one of them. It was always, hey, how are you? Need anything? Doing OK? Can I help you with anything? Where you from? Thanks for being here. It was really a great experience. Returning to southern Calif. service people will be a real let down on Monday.The room was clean, carpet appeared new, amenities are Bliss and smell good. THe beds are as advertised, heavenly. And boy did they feel good at 2 am. Water pressure in shower strong and water hot. What more can one ask for? We needed a wine opener. Called down at about 2:30 am and someone appeared within minutes. On Sat am we were leaving at 6:30 am to work on a Habitat for Humanity house and the bar was staffed and offered sandwiches, toast, coffee, yougurt, etc. And the gal was great and got it all together to go for us.There are 2 computer terminals in the lobby and the rooms are wired for WiFi.Only issues: If you don't like scented candles, or are allergic to odors, the lobby is not for you, as it has many lit, scented candles going in the evening and night.The first day when we returned at 4:30 in the afternoon, no one had cleaned the room yet. But we told them we didn't need it done. She assured us someone would be there tomorrow, and they were. She asked if we needed anything, and she did get us more coffee for the in-room pot.Well, enough said. It was a great experience especially when it was not expected to be so delightful.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>BusinessTravelGal
<Content>W needs to focus on their ABC's. I booked W to impress my date. We were having drinks across the street at Adelaide with some lawyer friends. It definely lived up to its super cool atmosphere, but when it came to cleanliness it was a sure disappointment. I was nearly paralyzed in the bathroom by all of the stray hairs. Hairs in the tub, on the walls, on the sink, on the mirror. Maybe someone gave themselves a haircut?Location: Excellent. We had dinner at the Casino and drinks at Adelaide. Decor: Lobby-Super cool. Room- Super cool.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2006
<Rating>2	5	5	5	1	5	5	5	

<Author>ParkerLewis
<Content>Go to the French Qtr Location Nice hotel. Rooms are on the smaller side. Gym is larger than normal. Pool deck is nice, but pool itself is very small and not heated. Management was great and accomodating. Whiskey Blue bar is great.I prefer the French Qtr location unless you have a reason to be across the street from Harrahs casino. Only weird thing was, we came home from dinner one night and the TV was on with an adult program on which we had not ordered. We did not have to pay for this. I guess the maid ordered it? I prefer to not think about it.One of the better downtown hotels in NO.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Beronica
<Content>W stands for "weird" I chose this hotel because it was near the site of a conference I was attending. In my opinion, this hotel was designed by space aliens for space aliens. One male guest told me, I love it because it's just like one big bachelor pad! Throbbing music greats you in the lobby AND in your room, thanks to the CD that you can purchase for some ridiculous price. As for the whenever, whatever, when I asked a maid for a few more hangars, she consulted a list and stated ees not my room. End of conversation. Whatever! The staff has PLENTY of attitude, in case you left yours at home. As for the sink-side six (shampoo, conditioner, etc.) TRY getting the stuff out of the container. It's so thick and rich, it resists all efforts to actually use it. If you are over 40, bring a magnifying glass in order to read the list of amenities, room service menu, etc. However, if you do, you will soon discover the room service menu for dogs, featuring a can of dog food with kibble on the side for a mere $28. I think the concept was lost on me.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	2	2	3	

<Author>Travels-with-Billy
<Content>W delivers hip experience in the Big East The W New Orleans is typical of most W Hotels - very hip, modern, sleek and well-staffed. The bed and linens are most luxurious and complimentary Bliss brand toilitries are a treat.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>SummerFrost
<Content>Sleeping Easy in the Big Easy After getting a great rate on Hotwire ($103 for three consecutive nights during a convention) I was very pleased arriving in a traditional W hotel. It had all the things you expect to find: a hip rockin' lounge, stylish goth lobby, and a surprisingly friendly and inviting staff. Even with a Hotwire booked reservation, the staff honored my platinum Starwood membership and upgraded me to a huge suite (three of us got upgraded separately). The room was typical W, meaning all the comfort you expect (big, soft bed with great linens, awesome shower, and plasma TV's).The staff was always gracious and trying to help.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Eloiseb22
<Content>Classy and fun I was in New Orleans for a conference and finding reasonably priced accommodation right now in the city is not easy, presumably hotels are trying to recoup their recent losses. I would recommend anyone to shop around and try the Starwood Best Rate guarantee, it certainly worked for me! The W was very well situated, about ten minutes from the Convention Centre and from the heart of the French Quarter. New Orleans is clearly still trying to recover, but being in this hotel you could have been anywhere (fairly hip) in the US. Staff were very helpful, the whole place looked great, facilities (including free wifi in the lobby and two PCs and printers for guests' use) were good, Bliss toiletries were an added bonus, and the bed was very comfortable. All in all a great experience if you can find it for a reasonable price, you're loaded, or your work is paying!  
<Date>Oct 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>DarlingDear
<Content>Loved the W New Orleans We stayed here a few years ago...and we still think about how awesome it was! The staff was amazing. The service was outstanding. The decor was super hip. Restaurants and bars were great. I loved it and want to stay there again!!! Do not hesitate to stay here!! Perfect for young singles and couples.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Sixy20
<Content>My favorite New Orleans hotel This is my favorite hotel in New Orleans. Honestly I havent stayed anywhere else, but why would you when you can get W quality at these prices? Both before and after Hurricane Katrina, the staff has maintained their standards under the most difficult circumstances. I was in town for a special event and several celebrities checked in during my stay, which I took as a great sign that this is one of the choicest hotels in the city. The rooms are great, although they get a bit bigger the higher up you go. Zoe Restaurant is quite good and Whiskey Blue is one of the hottest bars in the city.A little story--6 months after Katrina I stayed here, and went down for breakfast around 8 am. I came back for a late dinner around 9 pm and the same waitress was still there, still working, still smiling. There wasn't enough staff to relieve her, so she stayed. I took her willingness to work so hard for guests as a welcoming level of customer service that you can only find in places like the W.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>jeannearmentor
<Content>Great contemporary hotel Really cool, hip hotel. Beautiful pool/gym area, but small. Whiskey Blue lounge located in the W is great for after dinner cocktails or for before a big night out in the quarter. Very comfortable beds  the fluffiest pillows that squished! Great bath amenities...Bliss brand, which is found in Sephora stores, no cheap hotel soap here. Stayed here in April for my friend's bachelorette party weekend, post Katrina, and everything at this establishment seemed up to par. Had a minor problem with our safe...maintenance was there to fix it in 5 minutes. Great location...near Harrah's casino  French Quarter. If you're thinking of visiting NO, go, they need our support right now. The French Quarter/Magazine St. area was fine, all places we visited was open for business! We had a great weekend!  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>agbear
<Content>A good hotel, but not quite 'whatever, whenever' For any hotel to be functional is post-Katrina New Orleans is in itself a major achievement. With that in mind, this review is somewhat handicapped. Had this W been anywhere else, I probably would have rated it three stars; however, some of the issues noticed during my stay are more attributable to labor shortages than a wavering commitment to guest satisfaction.Starting with the positive, the property is in great shape. My room was well appointed, spotlessly clean, and stylish without being over the top. Thankfully, the room was not as cluttered with merchandise and novelties as some other W properties. The common areas were also clean and attractive. Unlike some W's that place busy a lounge right in the middle of the lobby, this W wisely places it to the side, allowing ordinary guests to check in and return to their rooms with ease. The more subdued lounge areas provided a great spot to enjoy wireless Internet access, read the Sunday paper, and catch up with friends and business associates. Employees were generally responsive and courteous. Like most New Orleans residents, they seemed genuinely appreciative of travelers returning to the city. Housekeeping was prompt and efficient, as were the valet parking staff. My bill after a four-night stay was 100% accurate with no erroneous charges to haggle over.Keeping in mind that this stay was 80% positive, let me provide a few observations about areas for improvement. First, I never got to try the property's restaurant, Zoe. Twice, I tried to have breakfast there, but both times the host station was unstaffed. Once, I was acknowledged by a server but was told I would have to sit in the lounge area until called. Since there were abundant tables open, I can only guess that the delayed seating was due to insufficient staffing, a widespread problem after Katrina. Not having time to wait, I crossed Tchoupitoulas Street to have breakfast at Mother's, an unpretentious New Orleans-style cafeteria.Another problem, which is probably more attributable to a worldwide W policy than any decision by this property, was the difficulty in finding affordable and readily availble bottled water. Sure, the minibars were stocked with Voss, but the price was high: $6.59 per bottle once taxes are included. Given that some visitors are understandably wary of the tap water in New Orleans, perhaps W should provide a few complimentary bottles. Ideally, W properties worldwide should scrap the outdated minibar concept and provide in-room refrigerators that guests can stock with reasonably priced goods bought from an on-site shop or from outside.The location of this W is ideal, halfway between the Convention Center and the French Quarter, so if business brings you to New Orleans, by all means consider this property -- but be prepared to eat at nearby restaurants such as Mother's, Cuvee, and August in lieu of eating on site until staffing returns to normal levels. And, of course, bring some bottled water.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>plmc23
<Content>Gym nice, rooms eh. I have not stayed at a W before. I stayed at this one for a conference. I have only stayed in NOLA once before. The hotel staff was very friendly. The gym is great, with medicine balls and free weights -- I was able to do my normal workout routine. The pool is small, you can't do laps in it, for instance. The bar/lobby area is great for meeting up with people for a drink -- it isn't a generic hotel bar. My standard room with two beds is rather cramped. For a business traveler who needs workspace, it is not convenient. The bathroom, esp. if sharing with colleagues, has small counter space and there is no ventilation. Wear and tear is beginning to show in the rooms, but the public areas seem in better condition. It was fairly clean, but sometimes it didn't smell that fresh. There is no gift store, so some amenities can't be bought easily. However, I was able to get band-aids from the front desk. I was frustrated several times that the restaurant wasn't open when I wanted to grab a meal at the hotel, and I didn't want to pay extra for room service. It was close to the Convention Center and close to the French Quarter, and it had that W character.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place! I stayed there, and after a great renovation, I read some of the reviews and wonder what these people are thinking??? The hotel and staff are wonderful! If you have a bad experience, did you make any comment to a manager? This hotel strives to make your stay excellent, and wants to know any concerns and comments on any part of it! If you don't let them know of any disappointment, you miss out! They went of their way to make my stay great! The Whatever/whenever service is exceptional. In any hotel, there can be problems, but let them know. They will go out of their way to correct it! I love the W Hotels and will always stay and recommend them to anyone!  
<Date>Jun 11, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Gino De Young
<Content>It can't get better than the W at JazzFest       Wallflowers  
<Date>May 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>W was like being at P diddy's We stayed at the W for jazz fest. My friends showed up a day early for a reopening party. They said it was awesome. I do not stay in fancy hotels too often but this was awesome!!! Stayed in a corner room, the doorway was a bit of a pain.  
<Date>May 12, 2006
<Rating>4	2	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>W Hotel in NOLA- it's getting there! I went to NOLA for the first Mardi Gras after Katrina. Have been there many many times before. Only stayed in the city one night-Monday before Mardi Gras, known as Lundi Gras. The W rate was about $200 per night. The location is excellent-directly across from Harrah's Casino and a short walk to the Quarter. When we checked in I was somewhat concerned because I could tell that they were short staffed and over stretched. Not the friendliest check in either. Only one of the elevators was working so that was extremely annoying. The W had only been reopened a week since Katrina when we were there.The room was nice, small but with a great Poydras St view. The problems then started: toilet was not clean. Bathroom sink would not drain; bathroom cleanliness overall was not good. I thought that perhaps the room had not been used since the previous August. When I called the front desk, they promised to come and make corrections to the sink at least-never happened.Mardi Gras morning-went to see the parades and then wanted to get our car out of the garage. Not happeniing! Because the police start closing the streets early and all around the hotel, there was no way to get your car back until after the majority of the parades went by. When I asked why this was not mentioned at check in, I just got shrugged shoulders. I was not happy, especially since the parking was over $30 per day.It took us until about 3 that afternoon to get our car, we had to walk several blocks to the Warehouse District where the cars are parked. The staff was great though, about letting us keep our bags there, and the guys in the parking lot were awesome! My credit card was charged for the parking fees, but I complained on the W website and they refunded me the cost of the parking, as well as awarding me additional guest points for thje prob lems we had. I would stay at the W again later this year when they have gotten some of the bugs worked out of their reopening.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>luxtrip
<Content>So Dirty I Left! I just got back from a New Orleans, on business.Having to go twice a month I usually stay at the Windsor Court but wanted to try something hipper. Reviews I read were o.k. and the rate was around $200 a night, so I thought the quality would be fine. BOY WAS I WRONG !!!! This was one of the dirtiest hotels I have ever been to. From the carpets to the ceiling there was filth and grime.Even when the doors closed on the elevator you could see slime (or something) stuck to the back.I was so mortified I could not sleep and got up at 3am to drive to the Windsor Court to (thank goodness) get a room. The hotel looks like a hip and happinging place at night by candle light, with art deco and a modern mix. But when the lighs are on and you go up to the rooms the entire experience changes.This hotel has seen one too many Mardi Gras!!!!!!!  
<Date>Apr 4, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>compassquest
<Content>Not up to Par The hotel reopened about 3 weeks ago after the storm. Things are still amuck. Only one out of four elevators work, and there is a filthy carpet on the hardwood floor of that elevator. I understand there is a shortage of help, but there are many rough edges here.The room is OK with a comfortable bed, but nothing spectacular. The furnishings are W style, so that is nice. The linens are nothing special, and the room is pretty clean if you don't inspect everything.The restaurtant ZOE serves an excellent lunch, but there is a general malaise that will linger for a while.All in all....I would wait until they are back to a more functioning level to come here. The lobbbies are very nice and the hotel is conveniently located.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Hotel - Kids Loved It! My children ages 9  11 and I stayed here during the junior olympics - the children were in awe of it. It was very modern and hip - the staff was exceptional ! We will look to stay at a W whereever one is available A+  
<Date>Sep 6, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>nolagirl26
<Content>Mediocre Experiece at the W Stayed one Friday night here to be close to Harrah's casino. We're locals and wanted a girl's night out downtown while summer hotel rates were low, $119. I reserved a room described as City View, High Floor Room, Panoramic Views of the City. That wasn't a request but the actual description of the room on the reservation. We checked in at 5pm with a receptionist with an unfriendly attitude to find that our room was on the 4th floor. The highest floor available was the 7th. I personally don't mind unfriendly employees as long as they are taking care of your needs. In this case she wasn't doing anything to try to get us the room that we had booked. I found it hard to believe that two hours after check-in during the slowest season of the year that there were no rooms higher then the 7th floor. We took Room 405 since it was near the pool entrance. The view was of Poydras Street and the Loews Hotel across the street, not terrible but not panoramic at all. Bad service with an attitude at the front desk.The room itself was nice but a little worn. It had two double beds and there was very little extra space. I would not call this a big hotel room, only average. The beds were the absolute best part with pillowtop mattresses, featherbeds and down comforters. We popped a bottle of champagne to start the night and there was no ice bucket. There happened to be an employee in the hall. He said there should be one and saw that ours was missing and promptly brought us one, which was probably the best service we had the whole time. The ice bucket was very small and held the bottle and about 5 ice cubes.The next morning after a long night of partying and gambling, there were several problems which kept us from sleeping. First was the fire alarm that went off at about 9am for several minutes. Next was the 11:30am wake-up call that the front desk accidentally called for at 10:30am and realized their mistake half way through speaking. Of course I was already awake by then. Then lastly was the lack of a Do Not Disturb sign. The Style employees once again disturbed the precious 4 hours of sleep that we attempted.The last thing that proved the lack of attention-to-detail was the New York Times that they delivered after they asked if I wanted the Wall Street Journal or the local paper and I requested the local paper, the Picayune. I got neither of the above.Just a random example of the clientele here. Most people were in their 20s and 30s. But there is a whole other sector which is the older men who want to be cool and are looking for young women. We walked out by the pool and a group of men who were renting a cabana asked if we'd like a cocktail or a car or a house. These are the kind of people who are staying here. That's just a generalization of course but it was a common theme. Great if you're looking for a sugar daddy but otherwise just annoying.In my opinion, for the same location, Loews is a much superior hotel. And the Hotel Monaco is my favorite in this price range. Those two are also pet friendly which we sometimes require.Pros: Location, beds, Bliss Spa productsCons: Sloppy service, expensive parking, high price, obnoxious clientele  
<Date>Aug 20, 2005
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Traxyun
<Content>The W was aWesome!       The view from our room.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>CTHeather
<Content>The Dubya Rocks       Our room  
<Date>Aug 3, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>solid choice i stayed here in may for a conference and found the location quite convenient and central. as with all W's, the decor was fresh and stylish, although the rooms were small. it seems that many of the complaints arise from individual snafus with service, i did not experience any of these. the concierge was very helpful to me in finding restaurant reservations and other help. the pool area was also nicely decorated, albeit small and the exercise room was very nice.i think this as other W's is solid choice for someone looking for a more design oriented, urban experience. space is an issue, but if you manage your expectations you wont be too disappointed.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mbrrt
<Content>Love the "W" We stayed at the W New Orleans. I had never stayed in a W before, and now I don't ever want to stay in anything other! We went for a conference and got a great deal through hotwire at this hotel. The place is very trendy and sleek. The staff was just ok, but the room was fantastic. The beds? Forget about it. Lets just say I was late to the conference a couple of days LOL. The beds are like big fluffy clouds. As far as the bathroom it didn't have a fan to vent the steam and our tub got clogged a few times warranting maintainance to come up a couple times but it didn't bother me that much. One day the cleaning crew didn't show up til after 4, but they compensated me by giving me a boatload of the Aveda products that they put in the bathroom. They have a cool bar/club downstairs, the name escapes me but it was very nice, dark with beaucoup candles everywhere. Pricey drinks though. The location is awesome, can easily walk to the french quarter, and it's dead across the street from harrahs casino $$$. Where inside, they have a pretty good breakfast buffet for like 10-or 12 dollars I think. Also inside the casino is a fantastic restaurant called Besh steakhouse. Outstanding food and impeccable service...be sure to make rezzies for this place or you'll be waiting hrs to get a table. A few other noteworthy restaurants: Bacco on Chartres St,,,,this place was so awesome we went TWICE! We went to Emeril's NOLA, and were highly displeased with the server we had. He acted like he was doing us a favor by waiting on us...had to wait for drinks forever and he didn't even offer dessert. When we asked for the dessert menu he dropped it off, meandered back and asked what we wanted, by then we were disgruntled and said we would pass, he shrugged his shoulders and walked away. However I have to be fair and tell you the food was delectable! Therefore I must say you should go, I just wish I knew the ---- servers name so I could tell you to avoid him!Anyhow enough about the restaurants, this is about the W. I am bummed because our conference is in Texas this year and there is no W hotel, so hopefully we find something comparable. Feel free to email me with ANY questions you may have.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>ktri29
<Content>If you're FABULOUS stay here... We stayed at the W for 4 nights in late May and had an amazing time. The location is close enough to the French Quarter for shopping and stumbling home after one too many drinks, yet far enough away to sleep until noon with no street-noise disturbance. The atmosphere is extremely trendy, stepping on the line of too trendy at times; but a warm lobby with a welcoming martini bar and friendly staff constantly looking to offer help, and tourist advice/suggestions on what to see and do in NOLA. I would definitly consider this a 30-under hotel, or those young at heart... as all staff and guests seem to be some of the youngest  hippest in the city. Rooms are pretty small, but clean ~ beds have great linens, but not comparable to the Westin Heavenly Bed (then again, what is?) Overall, I had a great visit to NOLA, made even more memorable by the W hotel, the friendly staff, and one too many martinis. ** My favorite thing ~ Large rugs in front of elevator are changed 3x's daily to read Good Morning, Good Afternoon, Good Evening. Nice touch that always made me smile...  
<Date>Jun 30, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>W stands for WONDERFUL My husband and I stayed there 2 nights and we were quite pleased. The staff, front desk, and concierge were all very helpful and friendly. Thanks you to Damian for such wonderful customer service. They all went out of their waywith a smile to help every person staying at the hotel. The room was large, stylish, very clean, and had a view of the city. We would definitely stay there again!  
<Date>Jun 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>applauso
<Content>The W is great! A group of 4 girls ventured out to NOLA to celebrate my birthday. After much deliberation, we decided on the W Hotel. We loved it. Not once did we feel unsafe in the hotel. The staff was wonderful....always polite, laughing and giving us advise on where to go. Fredrick was a sweetheart. The room itself was very cool. Trendy, with probably the best beds and comforters I have ever had in a hotel room. The view was good too. The bathroom was a bit small, with maybe some conveniences overlooked. We had a couple problems with the shower, power outlets, etc.All in all, if I go back to NOLA, I will probably stay here again. They have a bar that looks pretty cool..but once we left the hotel around 10pmish it was quite, and then by the time we stumbled back after 4am, it was closed. But it looked like a good escape from Bourbon street, if that is what you are looking for.Have fun!  
<Date>Jun 15, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>diractor
<Content>All style, no substance When I heard the incessant disco-type music in the lobby, I knew I was in the wrong place. The large, stylish lobby furniture seemed made for giants. The staff at the desk was rude rude rude. I felt old and frumpy. I am not.The room had a terrifically comfortable bed, but the bathroom was so tiny I had to close the door to dry my hair. I could not find the telephone books as they were hidden in some wooden box on the shelf in the closet!I guess if you are the cigar-smoking, brandy swilling Gen X type, maybe this is the place for you. I won't be going back.Overpriced and noisy in the lobby.Plusses--convenience to Harrah's and the convention center.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Traveling with 3 kids  I've been meaning to write a review for some time because I was treated so well at The W, I wanted to make sure they received appropriate recognition. I stayed a couple of nights last summer at The W hotel in New Orleans, on Poydras Street and I have to say, I have never experienced such spectacular and friendly service, especially considering I was traveling with 3 small children and one small dog (an entourage that many hotels would frown on and see more as a burden, but not The W!). The staff and greeters in the lobby made us feel like we were special every time we passed through--offering my kids everything from band-aids for blisters on their feet after walking in the French Quarter to apples for treats. Concierge directed us to excellent food and easy transportation. Even the valet treated us to top notch service, with offers for directions and very fast service (one call before I left my room and the car was waiting at the door when we came down on every occasion we needed the car). Greeters and staff in the lobby even petted my dog and offered her treats, plus a special doggy welcome package, with treats, a ball, a leash, and collar. I'm not sure why others complained of small rooms or unfriendly atmosphere because I've never seen a friendlier, more eager to please staff in my life! Periodically, they would send up someone to our room just to make sure all our needs were met and room service was incredibly fast. The rooms and beds were so comfortable, we never wanted to leave (the chaise lounge itself was comfortable enough to sleep in and the bed was like sleeping on clouds!), and the location was excellent--walking distance to the trolley and the French Quarter, near Harrah's for anyone interested in gambling. Lots to do nearby, but the best part of our stay in New Orleans was our rooms and treatment at The W. Even though a convention was also at the hotel at the time, we were literally treated like royalty even though I know they were busy with other guests (and we're not rich jet-setters or royalty---just a regular family visiting New Orleans) We go to New Orleans every year at least once and I will be planning my stay around availability at The W. So special was our treatment that we joined their Starwood membership and now anytime I go anywhere, I check for W hotels first, if they have any in the city we're visiting. If all W hotels are this wonderful, I could literally plan my next vacation around the location of a W hotel. Fabulous! Even though it's seen as a business traveler hotel, I would highly recommend it to families visting New Orleans due to the extraordinary treatment by the staff of my family (and pet).  
<Date>May 22, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Amymow
<Content>Loved the W The W in Central Business District was a wonderful place to stay if you like chic, sophisticated and modern respites. Even the music in the elevators and poolside made you feel like you were in some velvet rope atmosphere. The lobby is fun and slick, with a bed and curtains that open when you walk through. Tru fun starish quality. Loved the lounge chairs by the pool, fell asleep everytime. The rooms are on the small side, but they are done so interestingly that it's hard not to love them. The candy machine was an added bonus. Bathrooms are smalish and a bit dark, but again, as tastefully done as you can get. I thought the staff was very friendly and helpful, especially considering there were three conferences going on. Any question I asked was helpfully and cheerfully answered. The place exceeded my expectations, drinks at the bar were well made and overall my husband and I would stay here again in a heartbeat! LOVED IT!  
<Date>May 18, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>rhaarsga2000
<Content>Good Choice with Solid Staff! I just got back from a 4 night stay over the 1st weekend of Jazzfest. This was my first trip to NO and I am a NYC, Ritz, Four Seasons type of person. Overall, the hotel is a good choice. Bottom line鈥he bed is why you stay鈥?the best! Rooms are a bit tight but I wouldn鈥檛 say they are small. In regards to others comments on the staff, my experience was totally different. The staff were incredible, very friendly and helpful鈥?treat those like you want to be treated. The only attitude came from the weekend wannabe crowd staying at the hotel. The bartender in the lobby was great鈥?recommended where to go to get away from the tourists. The W is right on the fringe of the French Quarter and Warehouse District鈥?easy walk to everything. Gamblers beware the Harrah鈥檚 is across the street and easily ----- you in but it ended up paying for my trip with the winnings. Biggest surprise is the Steakhouse in the Harrah鈥檚鈥?5 star service and food. Around the corner from the W is Huey鈥檚, a 24/7 diner which you have to visit. Killer food all around鈥?try the fried pickles. It鈥檚 also a great stop when coming home from the bars late night for food. Also go to the restaurant, NOLA, I can鈥檛 stand Emeril but ---- his food at NOLA is incredible鈥et the mussels, stuffed chicken wings and bbq shrimp. I would stay at the W and recommend it to others when it's at the right price.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Too Trendy for their own good! When we went to check-in to the W, we were informed that the reservation that we had for a king was just a request, and that we had actually been booked into a double twin. When I asked to speak to a manager I was informed that I was speaking to a manager (her fourth hotel - I understand why), and that was just the way it was. Later, we ran into friends who where also staying they and had been booked into a king when they hadn't requested one (we traded rooms, without any help from the hotel). The front desk of the hotel was unhelpful, and just kept repeating that it was a request, even though we had it in writing. i am not sure if the problem is with the front desk or Starwood's central booking. All I would ask is to let the customer know before they arrive where they are booked, so that they can make other arrangements, if needed. It's a shame, because the rest of the help in the hotel was very nice and they have a good location, but the front desk/ management managed to ruin it for the entire hotel. Rooms are small, and have no storage space unless you are only staying a night and don't want to unpack. Later we tried to get a drink in the lobby bar, only to be infromed that they were closed for the night and to go to the Blue Whiskey bar, which we did, but after the drink, coming out of the Blue Whiskey, the lobby bar was still open and the bartender was still talking to the females that were there when we asked to be serve. I always look for a non-commerical hotel to stay in when I travel, but I am afraid that the W has become a little to trendy and full of themselves, or too much apart of the commerical scene. I will go back to staying in the Kimpton Group, whenever I had the choice - which I did in N.O. and took a risk that failed miserably.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel in a great city My husband and I just returned home from a 4 night stay at the W Hotel, French Quarter in New Orleans, and we loved it. This is not our first time in New Orleans, and won't be our last. The hotel is on Chartres Street between Decatur and Royal, and almost at the Courthouse. The corner is noisy because the windows don't drown out the street noise. So we had a combination of over-zealous drinkers, and 3am garbage trucks. Our recommendation - try to get an internal room opening onto the courtyard. Otherwise, the rooms are large with contemporary decor and all the usual amenities (in-room coffee/tea maker, wet bar, snacks and trinkets from the W, high-speed internet access, cordless phone, CD/radio/clock etc.) The bathroom is equally well appointed - the robes were lush, and the Bliss amenities in the bathroom were a lovely touch. The shower was huge and inviting. And you can't beat the location for convenience. The heated pool is small but very cosy, with a nice surrounding patio area. We didn't get to eat at Bacco this time because it was the French Quarter Festival and we had most meals there. However, we did eat there on our last trip and the meal was good. Despite the noise, we enjoyed our stay at the W very much. We'll be back, and staying at the W again.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good place to stay if you don't need a lot of space As with all W Hotels, this hotel is extremely stylish. However, be forewarned, the rooms are TINY for a hotel of this class. The front desk people were not that helpful or friendly. I booked my hotel room online and foolishly left the confirmation at home. When we arrived at the hotel, we were given a king size bed smoking room, when I had specifically requested double beds non-smoking. When I went back downstairs to explain the situation, we were treated as if we were incoveniencing the staff member by demanding what we paid for. Finally, they provided us with a handi-cap room. This was suitable. The only difference was the racks and other amenities tended to be lower to the ground for easier access.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What's with all the service hype? Overall, we enjoyed this hotel, and I thought the location was really pretty good. We arrived on Friday late morning for an Easter weekend getaway. I agree with those who like the decor...very nicely done, right down to the mats infront of the elevators that greeted us each day with Good Morning, Good Afternoon and Good Evening.The only issue I had was with the bellhops who accosted us upon arrival. Our driver barely had the car door open when they swarmed on us. Everyone was talking fast and introducing themselves, but I don't think I caught a single name. I appreciate the attempt to take care of us, but it just seemed too aggressive to me.I would recommend this hotel to others, but I think they need to concentrate on some of the small details if they are going to continue to offer service above and beyond the competition. Remember, refinement is a service, too!  
<Date>Apr 1, 2005
<Rating>4	2	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>GQSurfer8
<Content>Cool, Trendy, and Stylish This hotel is located in the trendy, up-and-coming Warehouse District of N.O. and only a few short blocks from the French Quarter. The hotel is also very close to many great upscale restaurants (Cuvee and Emeril's), a nice wine bar (Wine Loft), and a cool lounge (Club 360). The W is decorated in a very modern and trendy style in colors of red, black, and silver. The lobby, bar, and pool areas are dotted with numerous lit candles and unique, stylish lighting. Throughout the hotel trance and techno music is piped in giving the hotel a very cool vibe. You almost feel as if you are in your really cool friend's apartment in L.A. or N.Y. Most of the guests at the hotel are young (20's and 30's), trendy, well-dressed, and have cash to burn. This is where the jet set hangs when in NOLA. I expected to, and did, run into a couple of celebrities while spending the week at the hotel as well. Given the trendy and cool atmosphere that this hotel exudes one might expect the hotel staff to be snobby. This could not be farther from the truth. Service is where this hotel shines. Be it at the front desk, bar, or room service the staff goes out of its way to make you feel at home. Many of the staff greeted me by name even after having only been at the hotel for a day. The rooms are an average size and are decorated similar to the rest of the hotel in reds, blacks, and silvers. If you have heard of the famous W beds - they live up to all the hype that they get! They are so comfortable that breakfast in bed is a must. The room also features a comfortable chaise lounge that is perfect for reading the morning paper as well as a DVD and CD player. Make sure to request a room that has a view of the river. One side of the hotel only has a view of a parking lot. Aside from the bar in the lobby the W has a separate lounge/bar attached to it called Whiskey Blue. This cool lounge is dimly lit by mostly candles and decorated in dark blues, purples, and beiges. Whiskey Blue is a perfect spot to meet up with friends for a martini before heading out to dinner or for a little partying. It is also a nice spot to wind down in after a long night out on the town as well.They say that NOLA is a town where you feel as if you are not in an American city, well the W is hotel where you feel as if you are in another world. The friendly service, cool atmosphere, amazing beds, and tastey drinks make this hotel a truly wonderful place.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JakeDakota
<Content>Starwood Members First Stay at a W My wife and I stayed at this W weekend excursion from Dallas/Ft. Worth and REALLY enjoyed overselves.The hotel was outstanding from the layout, the design, and decor.I have absolutely no complaints about the hotel itself and can not add much more info then what hasn't already been said by others.The staff on the other hand, although MOST were extremely friendly they were all very young and seemed poorly trained.I had reserve the 24 Hours of Love package (I won't go into dirty details about) which was more than I would normally spend for one night at a place that I knew very little about.We did arrive early that day at about 2:30 for the 3:00 check in and were told that the room would be ready at 3:00 because they were cleaning it.That was fine as I knew we were early and had no problem waiting because we had already wandered around the French Quarter, had lunch at NOLA (which is an Emeril Lagisse restaurant which I HIGHLY recommend, reservations encouraged!), and drove around the city for awhile.Needless to say, after my wife falls asleep on the couch in their lobby I went back up to the counter to ask if the room was ready and they said that they were still working on it.Finally at around 4:30!!! we get our room. The extras as part of the package that I reserved were no where to be found in the room much to my disappointment and after making a phone call to the desk they assured me that it was on its way up. Finally a knock on the door and someone with room service brings in part of the package.Still disappointed as to where the rest of the package is after we left, went to Harrahs, ate the fantastic seafood buffet, and came back, I called room service again. This time they ask me when do I want the rest of the package and I said Just bring it up. Well, she insisted that we vacate the room while they bring it up and prepare the presentation so we went downstairs, sat in the bar (which was in MAJOR need of a waiter to clean) and went back upstairs to see the presentation.Now, mind you, the package was no surprise to my wife as I had already explained it to her before we even arrived. I told the front desk people this also and they still wanted to make some big ordeal out of it when all I wanted in the beginning was to have it prepared and brought up if not when the room was ready but at least while we were gone to Harrahs.Long story even longer, we loved everything about the package and the place. At check out (which I never do in person, what a waste of time when you can do it through the TV) we went down stairs to retrieve the rental car which I had called to have brought up and the valets were probably the rudest individuals I had ever met!Not only did they shun us (I guess it was because we had a Dodge Neon as a rental, but why would I even bother renting anything bigger when all we had were carry-on bags for a ONE night stay in New Orleans), but they acted bothered by our presence. As soon as these other people came out with their 6 pieces of luggage the valet immediately parked their Cadillac SUV about 5 feet in front of our rental, rolled up the luggage and people in front of the car and caused us to not be able to move an inch to leave.This after them not even so much as opening the door of our car for my wife!Maybe this is being petty but for a place like the W which is trying to make a name for themselves as being HIGHER than high class it was extremely disappointing. Not to mention that I use to live in Las Vegas and even some grocery stores have valet parking with attendants willing to do anything for you!Oh well, all said and done we'll probably stay at the W in the French Quarter next time (even if this one wasn't very far from it) as we really did enjoy the hotel itself. Plus our Southwest flight was over sold and they gave us an $810 flight voucher for making us stay an extra night. Not bad for a flight that originally only cost about $375 for BOTH of us!  
<Date>Mar 25, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>NY attitude --for better or worse! I actually liked the trendy decor and ultra-modern design (though I grew a little weary of the cutesy labeling after a while) and what some guidebooks call its NY attitude. Everything seemed first rate --until I found myself locked out of my room when I came back from breakfast to check out and head to the airport. After 2 trips up and down between the front desk and the 21st floor to try different keys, I was finally introduced to one of the managers who explained that my prepaid room (I had been sent down to N.O. on a cosulting job by a large NYC publisher) had not been paid, and my room had been locked down --meaning they were basically going to hold my luggage hostage until I cleared things up. Of course this was on a Saturday morning, so there was little chance of getting through to my corporate sponsors and, as luck would have it, my wife had just had her purse stolen in Barcelona days before, and I had just canceled all our credit cards. Suddently I went from being treated as a guest to being treated as if I were a criminal, with 2 security guards (or loss prevention specialists, in W parlance) escorting me up to the room to recover my belongings after I finally managed to come up with the cash after emergency phone calls, faxes and wires. I was happy to finally leave the W; but I was infuriated when I later learned that my corporate sponsors had copies of fax transmissions of payment authorization and receipts indicating that they had indeed paid for everything in advance. Someone at the W had screwed up --but instead of reviewing their records, they chose to blame the customer. My subsequent calls to complain went unanswered, and I never even received an apology. Inexcusable for a hotel of this level.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2005
<Rating>1	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>familydok
<Content>What a wonderful, different hotel! I have stayed in many hotels in the US, Islands and Europe. I would rank the W in NOLA in my favorite 10. Our room was spacious, done in black and chrome with dark red bedding coverlet. There was internet hookup, CD player with a CD of easy listening music and a well stocked refrig and items you might need to purchase. They also provided soft, thick robes. It is across the street from Harrah's Casino, Mother's Restaurant, and within easy walking distance of the French Quarter, Warehouse district (D Day Museum is great there), and the streetcar stop.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Different - but OUTSTANDING We absolutely loved this place. My wife is a native of The Big Easy, so we try a different hotel each time we visit her town. This was our first adventure outside the Quarter and it's charming antique rich decor. The furnishings, though modern, were a good experience for us. Additionally, I have never encountered a more attentive and friendly staff, anywhere. They appeared to anticipate our needs - and they all called us by name each time we met. I remember each of them and will write a letter to W to compliment all of their services. (Something I've rarely been tempted to do in the past). Although I am 70+, and fairly well set in my ways, I found the youthful motif delightful and uplifting. I went down to the lobby to use a computer terminal after midnight on our last night - and I sat in awe of the transformation that took place in the wee hours. What spirit! It was like a dream or a movie set. There was so much to enjoy looking at that I had a difficult time booking an online flight! We enjoyed the short walks to our favorite restaurants and shops - and interestingly, we always took the route through Harrahs to see how other people were spending their spare money - while on our way to the FQ to spend ours. (After reading some negative reviews here, I sense that some of these poor souls lose more than spare change - and expect that the hotels in the area make it up to them). As others have noted here, this was the most comfortable hotel bed you'll ever sleep in. Also, the cushy chaise lounge is a great amenity. I enjoyed watching my lovely wife stretch out and read there. Mini bars are what they are - overpriced. We never use them. We travel with our own Martini kit. If nothing else did it, the view of the riverfront at night from the 22nd floor hooked us for another visit! There are a number of FQ hotels that we've returned to, and others that we have enjoyed without a desire to return - but we will definitely book the W for a future trip. If you are looking for a different hotel experience - we recommend giving the W a try. You're never too old to learn something new. At least this is what some of my older friends tell me.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Exceptional Hotel, Service and Comfort After reviewing many upscale hotels in the New Orleans/French Quarter area, I decided to make reservations at the W Hotel. Upon entering the hotel, it was apparent the choice was perfect. The staff greets you upon arrival and departure. The Welcome desk was highly efficient and friendly...and very accomodating. The decor of the Hotel is urban and hip with rich colors and textures to appeal to all your senses. Once arriving in my room, the view was astounding and I could not have asked for a more comfortable room. The rooms have the continued hip/urban decor as the lobby. The W Hotel provides superior Bliss products in the bathrooms. These are the highest quality soaps/shampoos/skin cremes from a spa in New York City. As for as the beds....there are no better. The beds have feather tops and the softest sheets available. If I were to rate the hotel overall I would give it a 10 on a scale of 1 to 10 with 10 being the highest for comfort, service and amenities. Thank you to the entire staff for your dedicated service.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mardi Gras My boyfriend and I went to New Orleans for Mardi Gras b/c I won the trip through our local radio station. The hotel was great. It was very modern looking and everyone was so nice and helpful. The room was a little on the small side, but it was very nice and clean and relaxing. The bed wasn't as great as I had read in other reviews (I thought it was just average considering how everyone raved about it) but it was very comfortable to sleep in. The front desk and the concierge were friendly and helpful. They said hi/hello to us almost everytime we left or came back to the hotel. Housekeeping was excellent. We had our Do Not Disturb sign up and they were considerate enough to call us and ask if we needed anything before they came to our door (we've stayed in hotels where they barge in regardless of the sign or not). We had some pretty bad stomach aches due to the food down there and the W's Whatever/Whenever service was great. They were able to find us some Pepto for our stomachs. They even called us back to make sure we got it! I thought that was extremely attentive and nice of them.The location was great. We weren't right in the midst of things where we would be bothered by the noise, but we were close of enough where we could walk to anything and everything. A parade even passed by the hotel and we were able to watch it from our room the first night (we came back early b/c we were tired from the flight).After Mardi Gras, there really wasn't much to do in New Orleans and so we spent most of our time in our room because it was such a comfortable and relaxing atmosphere. It is definitely a completely different look from the rest of the city. It's like finding a bit of trendy NYC in New Orleans.When we left, I accidentally forgot my purse in the room. As soon as I called the W, they found my purse in my room and returned it to me Fed/Ex (they said they don't send valuables like that through regular mail). I received it the very next day. All in All, they live by their motto, Whatever/Whenever.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>big price - small room For the price and the hype you would expect sooooo much more than just above adequate!  
<Date>Feb 1, 2005
<Rating>3	1	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>silverfoxsgal
<Content>Not bad..best part was the bed !! Stayed here in Oct. 2003. Location was great considering we're big casino goers and it's right across the street from Harrah's. Initially we got a smoking room...big mistake... what a horrible room. Both of us smoke and even we couldn't stand the stench of it. We switched to a non smoking room and that was much better...{who cares if you've got to go outside to smoke anyway} The service was average. Front desk clerks were a bit cold but the concierges were very helpful with finding reservations to great restaurants at the last minute. The valet parking attendants also were great.The room was very nice {the non smoking one} IT WAS THE BEST BED I HAVE EVER SLEPT IN!! The shampoos and soaps by aveda were an exta nice touch as well as the over-fluffy towels and wash cloths. If you're looking for a funky and hip place to stay, this is it.. I'm sure there are better places to stay in this colorful and exciting city.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Too Hip and Poor Service I concur with many of the reviewers. We laughed at the overly hip decor and attempts to be trendy. We also wondered why they had the extra bed in the foyer, and yes, the automatic curtains are quite a touch. The rooms were awkwardly configured and hard for more than one person to get in and out of at a time. The doormen made me feel like I was at a nightclub, and they were trying to pick me up (in fact, I found their behavior so disconcerting it took me a while to be sure that they were employees and not guests but then I spied the W on their all black attire). The desk clerks were unbelievably unhelpful and could not even answer simple questions or figure out how to split a room bill but put all the phone calls on one half.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>y2flu
<Content>Trendy and cool... Probably the hippest New Orleans hotel that I've stayed at. They have all the trendy items such as candy machines in the bedroom, and other odds and ends that appeal to the younger crowd. Beds were ultra-comfortable, and the rooftop pool was great. Still, for the price I prefer Le Pavillon.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The W is a first rate experience for the grown and sexy! My date and I stayed at the W Hotel-New Orleans from 12/29-1/1/05. I booked the hotel via priceline鈥檚 vacation packages. Upon reading the comments made by others I leary about booking the package at the W. However, I always wanted to stay at the W and the 鈥減rice was more than right鈥? Thank God for intuition and price sensitivity. From the moment the mechanical drapes opened into a gorgeous lobby my stay at the W outdid any experience I had at any hotel I鈥榲e stayed anywhere in the world. This includes the Ritz and Four Seasons. The staff members are well trained in customer service. They also must take smiling classes because every answers (yes, no, maybe, I dunno) is delivered with striking pearly whites. Tyrone was the bellhop who took care of us. I recommend finding him and telling him the guy from Cleveland sent you his way. Tyrone got my girlfriend and I onto a VIP list at Club Dream for their New Years bash, he recommend several restaurants, and other local attractions. It鈥檚 true the majority of the staff are very attractive 20/30 year olds. I found myself going to the front desk just to ask for nothing. The women at the front desk and the female concierge need their own calendar. I鈥檓 30 something so I felt right at home. The bar Whiskey Blue is a must. As a guest it鈥檚 your privilege to indulge there. And you will feel privileged when you cross the velvet rope w/ ease while watching outsiders standing in a line to get in. Checking out was a bit different. We left at 4am to catch a 6am flight. The computers where down and the front desk where doing inputs manually. You can tell the girl working by herself was over worked. She was covered with sweat and her hands where moving at the speed of light. Among all of this she still managed put on the biggest smile and gave me the sincerest inquiry about my stay at the W. I was overly impressed. Maybe, I鈥檓 being superficial but I felt like a rockstar staying at the W. I鈥檓 sold on the hotel chain with or without the priceline discount. The W Hotel is an experience in its own right.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>very convenient to casino The W is directly across the street from Harrah's Casino and there is a window for the high roller casino customers to conduct hotel business.Once you walk in you are no longer in New Orleans; there is absolutely nothing at all reminiscent of New Orleans here except the genuine hospitality of the staff.The lobby is small and self-consciously hip but the rooms are extremely comfortable. The bed is as comfortable if not more comfortable than a Four Seasons Hotel bed! Showers are very small but the shower head delivers the strongest stream of water that I have ever found in a hotel bath.We'll stay here again. Ask for the 22 series of rooms; you'll get a spectacular view of the Mississippi River.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>OK........BUT NOT WONDERFUL OK, yes, I'm from Georgia, and I may be a bit naive, but, I have never been in a hotel where you couldn't get a soda. Even the Hyatt, Westin, Omni, in Atlanta have soda machines somewhere. Don't get me wrong, the hotel was nice........I was there from 12/17-12/26 and the staff did make me welcome. The ice machine messed up outside my room(17th floor) and it just kept rumbling and spitting ice out onto the floor.......for a looooong time. They finally fixed it but it did leave the carpet wet. The WHENEVER/WHATEVER staff were GREAT!! I think I called everyday to ask about the weather........I was expecting Spring like weather and got SNOW on Christmas!!:) They were never rude and always had a smile when I saw them. The mini bar in the room had quite a few different beers, sodas, candies, and other items BUT, $4 a candy bar? I could walk to the little drugstore down the street and get one for $.75. I know, you get what you pay for.......I should have known.If you can get a room in the hotel during the slow season (like before Christmas,) you can get a good deal on the room. I wouldn't pay the $300 to $400 a night during Jazzfest or Mardi Gras........All in all........a good first visit!! I'm planning another trip during Spring Break in '05.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worst service EVER! I prefer to stay at Hyatt, Ritz, Four Seasons. First time at a W, and I could not believe how awful the service was at this hotel. Are all W's like this? The staff was incompetent, slow, and rude. They forgot to clean the room twice in our week-long stay. When we called and asked for housekeeping to do the room, they said sure - and then promptly failed to come and clean the room. On the days they did bother to clean the room, they usually forgot something. One day, we had no toilet paper, another day, no washcloths. Again, when we called for replacements, they said 'sure and then never came with them. What else? Let's see... We checked in at midnight after a long day of travel. They gave us a nice room (great), but the heater was broken (OK, things happen). Their solution was to keep us in the freezing room for 45 mins while we waited for maintenance. The guy could not fix it, so they told HIM to move us to another much smaller, cruddier room. The front desk never even bothered to talk to me to apologize. The manager was helpful in fixing this situation, but the staff was clearly not trained and we had to ask to merely be given the same type of room we were originally booked. Other problems: they charge $16/day for internet, and the the food at the restaurant Zoe is inedible. This place is just awful. Stay here only if you are more interested in looking cool than in receiving competent service  
<Date>Jan 3, 2005
<Rating>1	3	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful hotel We stayed at the W for a short, romantic weekend getway. The room was awesome and location was perfect. Everything within a short walk. We had a late checkin with no problems and a very early checkout. I will stay there again!  
<Date>Dec 20, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice modern hotel. My husband and I spent the weekend at the W New Orleans (Dec. 11 - Dec 12, 2004). Loved the vibe of the hotel. Very modern. Great for the younger 30 something crowd. Not to be age pregidous but, didn't see anyone here that was older 60+ like other hotels in the immediate area as this one. Pros about the hotel: Great beds, down pillows were great. Has very nice robes in room, CD player and DVD player. Also has a neat candy machine in the room that is a nickle for some hot tamale candy. I thought it was a VERY quite hotel, but again we stayed on the 19th Floor. Just about 3 blocks or so from the French Quarter and directly across the street from Harrahs Casino. There are some cons about this hotel - REMEMBER - if you drive down your parking is NOT FREE! Looking at about $32.00 extra tacked on the hotel bill for valet overnight parking. Don't be surprised about this as alot of the nicer hotels around New Orleans does this. The rooms are a bit small for the price of the room. Paid $209 for a basic king bedroom. No frills - nice mini bar in room but VERY expensive. $4 bucks for a candy bar! This is a great hotel if you want to stay somewhere a little different.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2004
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>W is for Wonderful! This hotel is very nice, and the staff were even nicer. We recently held one of our annual meetings of 70 businessmen at the W. The staff worked very hard to accommodate all our space needs and various other special requests. The beds were great! One of the best I've ever slept in. Service was very impressive! Also the location is great being right across from Harrah's Casino and a short walking distance (really) to the French Quarter. Since parking is a premium in any city, I had instructed our group to take cabs and shuttles. I would highly recommend this property if you are going to New Orleans!  
<Date>Dec 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The W...a strange place... Seems as if the W is a new hotel stuffed into an old building that may have been designed as an office or other kind of structure. Stayed one night in a small room on the 12th floor looking at Canal St. Beautiful beds, but small doubles with barely enough room for the desk and exorbitant minibar set up. So tight you have to close the bathroom door to open the room door! Strange lobby that is a martini bar, entrance has an empty bed inside the main door?? My tip is hit the Harrahs across the street for fresh Starbucks morning coffee or a quick sandwich at casino prices. Spent SPG points, otherwise would not have rated a good value for the cost of the room. Highlight was a rally of the Ferrari club with 90 mean machines revving and heading out from the hotel next door on Sunday... cool collection of hobby money!  
<Date>Dec 6, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel This hotel is very nice. I think I like the beds the most. One of the best I've ever slept in. Someone met us at the door and took our luggage and walked us up to our room. Service was very impressive! Also the location is great being right across from Harrah's Casino. The only thing that keeps me from giving this 5 stars is that they charge a lot for valet and internet. The valet cost $28 a night and internet is something like $24 a day. Most hotels offer wireless internet for free.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not so great This isn't what I think of when I think of the W Hotel chain. I've stayed in several and have enjoyed them, but this was below par. The AC unit leaked all over the floor under the rug, the room wasn't cleaned until 5:00 (after we returned from sightseeing), the bellman seemed to want more tips from us, the food service was slow, and the fixtures were cheap and sometimes tacky. I like the W chain so will try them again, but I don't recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SimonPBethesda_MD
<Content>Nice Hotel with some service issues Pleasant hotel with quiet rooms. Smallish rooms, great bed, well appointed bathrooms. Lacks a gym. Lots of style, but I didn't see much substance. Waited 20+ minutes for my bags to be delivered to my room. 'Whatever/Whenever' service never responded to a simple request for an ice bucket. Video-checkout out of action when we left. Overall I would recommend this small hotel, but service not top notch.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bedbugs In May of 2004 I stayed at The W Hotel on Poydras Street in New Orleans for a business meeting. The decor and atmosphere of the hotel was very hip and cool. However, the three nights I was there, I was attacked by something in the bed. I complained to management and they did change the sheets, but unfortunately the attacks kept occurring. Upon my arrival home I decided to visit the doctor, as I was covered by large bite marks on my arms, legs and torso.The doctor indicated that the bites were consistent with those of a bedbug. A few days later I was attacked in my own home. (Bedbugs are great travelers; they burrow themselves in crevices in your suitcase.) We had to have a Bedbug Expert come to our home to eradicate these little pest. It took two visits plus a follow-up. My wife and I spent thousands of dollars as we had to throw out our mattress, clothing and furniture. I have read on another review site that someone else experienced bedbugs at this same establishment. Beware!!!! The W Hotel is not willing to take blame and denies any other bedbug incidents. It has been a NIGHTMARE!!!  
<Date>Sep 25, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HuskerK
<Content>Best on earth! I am stunned by ANY bad reviews of this place! It's a fantastically gorgeous hotel. We've stayed here twice on a travel agent rate and got impeccable service and a so-so room the first time (the view wasn't incredible) but the room (and the view) the second time was unbelievable. Beds are comfy and fantastic. I also like that it's not in the middle of the french quarter so if you want something (water, aspirin) you don't have to pay outrageous prices for it. However, the restaurant was overpriced and the food was OK (but really, hotel restaurants are often not that great).  
<Date>Sep 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the W Hotel I had the pleasure of staying at the W New Orleans in July 2004. I am a StarHot Guest (family discount) but was treated like every other full paying guest. The room was wonderful with a stylish decor and the most comfortable bed ever invented. The staff was wonderful and very informative of the surrounding area...as it was my first time in New Orleans. The guys in the lobby were very friendly and true gentlemen. I would definitely recommend staying at this hotel because it is not too far from the Quarter but just far enough to feel the less party atmosphere of the rest of the city. The noise across the street was a little annoying but it helped to motivate me to get up and see the sights. The farmers and french market are a great place to get cool gifts for family and friends. Looking forward to staying at the W Halloween weekend :)  
<Date>Aug 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Experience Just spent three days at the W in New Orleans and could not wait to get home to write a review. What a shock it was to read a recent review that blasted the W for every possible thing. Apparently we stayed at different hotels. We didn't, but my experience was quite opposite to his.First, this is not a typical New Orleans/French Quarter hotel. If you want that type of hotel you must stay elsewhere. However, my wife and I have stayed many times in the French Quarter and we really enjoyed the drastically different type of hotel the W is. The staff could not have been more helpful. From the moment we got out of the cab we were welcomed with friendliness and care. Akita, checked us in and was wondeful. A nice young man took our luggage to the room and explained everything about the hotel on the way to the room and pointed out the many amenities in the room. He was kind enough to warn us about the high prices for the items in the courtesy bar. The room was spotless and the bed may be the best bed I have ever slept in. During the first full day at the W we came back from a morning and early afternoon of shopping and oysters to find our room was unmade. It was approximately 2:30 in the afternoon and we were ready for a nap!! I called the front desk and was informed that the cleaning staff had until 4:30 each day to complete making up the rooms. However, if we wanted ours done right away it could be done immediately. We asked if they would come up right away and they DID!!! In addition, if we needed the room done up early the next day, just let them know and it would be taken care of. The motto at the W is Whatever-Whenever for their customers and they certainly lived up to the motto for us.Throughout our stay the staff helped us with restaurant recommendations, making reservations for us, and arranging transportation. All with a great attitude and in a very prompt way.Yes, there is construction on a new hotel a block away and there is some noise from the equipment. However, the W has absolutely no control over the construction and was more than ready to move any customers to rooms further away from the noise. There was NO noise at night and my wife and I spent most days out on the town. So, this was not a problem for us.The experience at the W was great and I will return.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Wonderful "W" My husband and I chose the W Hotel for our romantic getaway, hoping for an experience worth our efforts. We were not disappointed! The decor was lovely, the staff was courteous and our room was beyond compare. Before we even completed check-in, Lakita warned us of the construction noise that we could expect to hear in our riverview room and offered to move us to one on the opposite side of the building. The fact that the W staff thought enough to forewarn us meant a great deal. Pablo gave us a tour of the facilities and our room and, as promised, the noise was a bit bothersome, but it didn't detract from our enjoyment. The W also has great location- close enough for excitement (a few blocks' walk to the Quarter), but far enough for tranquility (a few blocks' walk from the Quarter). I could go on and on about the Aveda products, the swank lobby, the gorgeous pool and the well equipped fitness center, the attention to detail, etc., but I'll just say that we will definitely choose the W again and again!  
<Date>Aug 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This place is a slum!       Picture of the white power that was on the floor around the funiture.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2004
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent hotel Me and my husband have stayed at this resort every year since year 2000 around the July 4th weekend when the Essence Music Festival is being held. The hotel is elegant and high in standards. The room is elegant and has a kingsize bed with a goose down comforter and kingsize pillows. The staff are all attentive to your needs. The atmosphere is very energetic and a mixed crowd. If you like a party atmostphere -- this is the hotel to stay in during the festival. It is directly across from Harrah's casino and not too far from Canal and Bourbon Street.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not Old Timey, but Still a Hoot A lot of the charm in New Orleans lies in the history of the place. Much of that history is reflected in the older, more traditional hotels. Despite being on the opposite end of the spectrum from that type of hotel, the W turned out to be a great place to stay.We were booked there for a business meeting, and they provided maybe the best service I've ever had in terms of service and handling logistics. The rooms were fine, and the beds are outstanding. Its a bit away from the French Quarter, but still walkable. Plus, Harrahs is on one side of the hotel, and Mothers (a fine dive of a restaurant) is on the other side. You need to be prepared for the ultra-trendy vibe that is somewhat out of place for New Orleans. All the help dresses in black, plenty of chrome and soft lighting, etc. But, the place was fun (and I loved the curtain that opens up when you walk into the lobby).  
<Date>May 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>small room, great bed The Hotel is nice and upbeat. When the sun comes down the lobby turns into a lounge...we thought it was cool and hip! Our room was very small and the bathroom is tiny, however everything seems clean and neat. Maid service came everyday and did a good job. The hotel is right across the street from Mother's Resturant. The food is great, but the service is VERY slow and nasty. We thought the place was overpiced and overated. The hotel is also a nice walk to the french quarter. It is a bit too much of a walk for me since I had pretty bad shoes. Overall I would recommend this hotel to a friend, if they don't mind walking.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kaj22
<Content>Love the beds As always the beds at a W are heavenly, comfortable and the best in the business. The staff were friendly and helpful. Once they hear your name they remember who you are and say hello. The service was wonderful, the location is about 3 blocks from the Quarter and the convention center. I felt safe walking anywhere near the hotel or to and from the Quarter. I had a great view of the river too! This is not a typical NOLA hotel, much more up to date and stylish. If you like typical NOLA antique atmosphere then don't stay here. This hotel is very modern with bright color schemes. Unlike most W's it was very well lit to accomidate those who aren't used to a W experience. I'll stay here again the next time I head to The Big Easy.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Hotel Close to Everything The W Hotel in New Orleans provided a Starwood Platinum Guest a Wonderful Weekend. Close but not in the middle of the loud late-night crowd of the French Quarter, this hotel has a wonderful lobby to relax in and two bars (one small for Martinis and one large - Whiskey Blue with a very hip crowd). This is not your parents hotel - the music in the elevators and hip 25-35ish crowd are here for the access to hot spots. The rooms are small but very comfortable - booking online gives you access to upgrade to one of the finest suites available in any W for $50 a night. Service was polite and efficient. From the entry into the lobby with the electric curtain to the extremely comfortable featherbed - this place is hot! My only holdout on saying perfect is that the Restaurant on the 2nd floor did not have the best food - but, with all of the restaurants in New Orleans - why would you eat there. Check out the real flavors of New Orleans.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AngelPeak
<Content>Modern facilities,dream beds This review is for the W hotel on Poydras St.Although on the edge of the French Quarter,hotel is within easy walking distance of most attractions.Hotel is an ultra modren style which we found attractive.Staff are professional and helpful.King rooms are large as are bathrooms.Huge tv with in room internet service.The beds are the focal point of these rooms and have to be one of the most comfortable hotel beds we have ever used.We reccommend.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Pharmadoc
<Content>Silly Style Over Substance I spent two nights at the W recently and had to supress myself from laughing on several occasions. The pool has the letters WET printed on the bottom - thanks, I would never have guessed... This place has pseudo-hip styling flourishes that serve no purpose and dance music is piped into every conceivable public area ( gym, elevators,lobby,restrooms, etc.). As you approach the main entrance, large motorized drapes automatically part and reveal - a staff of slacker twentysomethings ! Overall, those over age 26 may want to look elsewhere.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rdg11
<Content>Potential Unrealized Stayed here for three nights and enjoyed the designed-to-the-hilt atmosphere and the enthusiastic front-of-the-house staff. But, little things were not well handled. For example, the phones in my room didn't work for at least one full day. The engineer came to try to fix them but ended up muttering something about problems in the walls, offered me a free breakfast, and left. Also, after a heavy rain storm, the room developed a leak and part of the carpeting got soaked. Since I was leaving the next day, I didn't request a new room. However, I did mention these problems (and some other small things) to the front desk and still (two weeks have passed) have not heard from the manager. Although I generally enjoyed myself, I'll stay somewhere else next time.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mlizBoston
<Content>Big Decor, Small Room My husband and I stayed one night at the W New Orleans in Jan 2004. The positives: interesting decor, friendly concierge and bellman, comfortable bed. The negatives: smallish room, not clean (candy wrappers from previous guests behind bedside table), no fan in the bathroom. It was a fun stay for an overnight but the small room took away from the experience. It is next door to the Harrah's Casino which could be a plus for some travelers, but not us.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Love the W! Real eiderdown mattress  pillows -- the best night's sleep you've had in a long while! Charlie Miles - Houston  
<Date>Jan 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Swanky but lacking in details Stayed at the W six nights for a convention. The swanky chic lobby AKA Living Room make this place a hit for our friends at other hotels to meet us for drinks. The service was incredible and we met the nicest people there... both employees and other guests. The beds were incredible... feather beds far more comfortable than my one at home! Keep in mind this room was far too tiny for the 4 of us who stayed there. We had several problems with housekeeping -- out of tissues for 2 days, failure to empty the trash we had overflowing out of our one tiny container, often not cleaning up the room until 5 p.m. Other issues: very few power outlets, lighting was dim (a problem when getting ready in the morning), and as stated before, no fan in the bathroom (which made the whole room humid and hot). Overall, I'm not sure I would stay here again for the price of $215/night, but I'd certainly come back for drinks.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dont smack the staff..they mean well Young, courteous staff is professional as eager to please, except at the front desk. Give me a random dirty room is the only thing you could possibly say without being treated like cr@p here. Have been to several REAL snooty hotels in the area, and had better customer service. Prepaid a room for four during a 2 day event ($600), checked in and was told my room had been sold. Personal guarantee from manager and fax I got earlier in the week meant nothing to desk staff present.. they actually recommended that my party of 4 sleep in ONE KING bed, because the bed is actually very spacious. I was told I had no other options, nor did they feel I had been inconvienienced in any way. WHAT? When pressed, manager offered a specially reserved double room at the Sheraton ($199 a night) paid for on behalf of W. Fine. Got to the Sheraton and nobody knew who I was..they then offered me a room with a KING bed! After 3hours of rangling, my debit card was magically charged for $580 (now Im out $1,100 and staying at the sheraton) and I was forced to borrow money from the people I invited on the trip.Nobody from the W has yet to return my call about the charges or the fact that I paid $268 a night to stay at the $189 sheraton. Go somewhere else.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2003
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>rocknty
<Content>Loved it! We have been to New Orleans a number of times. Having most recently stayed at the Ritz (great but stuffy) and the French Quarter W (tiny hotel with no lobby and no scene to speak off) so we choose the other W for our latest excursion to sin city. Our bags were whisked up instantly, our room was ready and was clean and comfortable with a river view. The hotels restaurants and bar(s) were all great. We received excellent service from the entire staff. No attitude whatsoever. It was all chill. The Martini Bar in the lobby was perfect place for a cocktail before heading out. The Whiskey Blue was a great place to meet with trendy folk late on Friday and Saturday night. About 11pm it was complete with enticingly costumed local scenesters who were enjoying its haven for high living hard drinkers ambience. Also the Harrahs casino is next door so if shooting dice is your thingit is close by. We had nothing to complain about during our stay except it was too early to leave. If youre looking for old-world New Orleans then this is wrong place for you. If you want some old world food (or a hang over cure) check out Mothers (next door) and ask Elvis the doorman to take you in the back door to the bar. We found the W a great place to stay if you want a little of the new world upscale experience in your big easy vacation.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had A Blast Stayed here on a weekend getaway and had a blast. I was a little worried given some of the reviews here - but everything was the opposite. The staff was super friendly (every staff member made a point to say hello every time we saw them)... The decor is standard W (super trendy), but more importantly, everything was kept clean. Having traveled a lot for work, you can tell which hotels have things together and which don't - this hotel seemed to be very well run.Negatives? Price. We got a good room rate, but everything else is expensive (ie, the hotel bar costs about $10 for a glass of wine, OJ was $4 in the morning, food is quite expensive, room tax was $20/night on a $140/night rate). As for the complaints about it being an old holiday inn, about the only place where it was noticable was in the bathrooms with the old tile. Other than that, I thought they did a good job considering what it probably used to look like.All in all, good deal and great location.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't go here!!!! Try the Intercontinental O.k. just to start off I stayed here along with about 100+ other people and all they did was complain about this place. We had our meeting here and the banquet food was mediocre, the service as far as the front desk was rude, the hotel is dark and cramped. I mean, why the hell would anyone stay here? We came to the city (New Orleans) to experience true traditional New Orleans culture, this place is crap, it doesn't belong in a city full of fun, life, love and food. I've also stayed at the Intercontinental and loved it. Our room was spacious and beautiful. It had a lot of the charm and vivaciousness that I expect from a hotel in this city. They upgraded us automatically to a beautiful room with a balcony and room-service was excellent. The people made us feel exceptional and wanted to help us with our stay. I will stay at the Intercontinental again, again and again. However, if you prefer to see only 3 colors during your hotel stay red, white and black, have people treat you like your infringing upon their time, ignore you and have total disregard to the fact that you're spending money that pays their salary then yes you want The W. However, if want to stay at a hotel of great distinction, stay at The Intercontinental.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A very unique and enjoyable experience We just got back from staying at the W in New Orleans (not the one in the French Quarter). I read some reviews about the property being worn down or dirty and the staff being snobby. Our stay was incredible. The staff was exceptionally friendly and very helpful. The decor was modern and chic and quite unique. We loved it! Yeah, there are a couple of places in the hotel that look a bit weathered, but I think any building that is not a new build will show its age in places. It was certainly nothing to complain about and did not change our opinion of the place. I guess it all depends how much you paid for your stay. If you paid the rack rate, then there might be better deals, but if you got a good rate like we did, this place is certainly hard to beat. It is in a great location too - just a couple of blocks from the French Quarter and across the street from the casino.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ctmiller
<Content>Not too bad but wouldn't do it again I just returned this morning from a 6 night stay at the W Hotel in New Orleans. I really don't have too many complaints other than the upholstery was dirty on the furniture in the room, sheets had holes and tears in them, the air-conditioner was left over from the previous incarnation as a Holiday Inn, I believe it was, and didn't work too well, and the service charges were pricey to say the least ($518 in my case for a few local and long distance calls when my cell went out on me and $125 for a few items of laundry). The room was a nice size although the bathroom was so small it was almost impossible to navigate (there was also no vent in the bathroom to remove steam from the shower). The location is not bad and is as close to the Quarter as I would want to be. The noise from the other rooms was also quite audible as the walls were paper thin, and the street noise could be a bit much at times as well. I would recommend that you try somewhere else in the same price range as this hotel isn't one that I would repeat.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tlparks
<Content>Faux Elegance and Pretentious At checkin our card was authorized/funds held for a deposit equal to the most expensive rate this hotel charges (we were paying a really cheap internet rate found at the last minute of about $69). Imagine my dismay to learn that my card had been authorized for about $650 bucks for three nights. Couldn't use my card for the weekend due to this. So I had to take cash out of my savings acct and was embarrassed in front of my friends at dinner when I went to pay....well, then, if you like really pretentious, annoying, snotty folks who fake a smile and try to be nice while they grit their teeth, this is your place. For this kinda money you can stay at the Ritz! Do so. Oh yeah, the beds are pretty **** comortable but the hotel used to be a holiday inn and it kinda still looks like one in the hallways, though the lobby is fu fu glam...ick!!  
<Date>Aug 14, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the service  My fiance'  I stayed at the W on Poydras St. for 5 days  4 nights. There wasn't a day, or night for that matter, when the service was anything less than superb. Every staff member we came into contact with was exceptionally friendly, knowledgeable,  eager to please, from the doormen to the housekeepers. The service was a bit slow at the Zoe Bistro, however, the server took the initiative to offer 2 free desserts (and we weren't even going to complain). The hostess made a point to ask for our names before we were seated. From then on, every staff member addressed us by our first names. Nice touch! I loved the chic, contemporary style of the W. and the personal touches e.g. the water pitchers loaded with fresh fruit. Very different  refreshing! Even though the overall cleanliness was acceptable, I did observe, however, that some of the walls, carpets, and furniture could use a touch up. They seemed tattered just a bit. Overall, we were very impressed. So impressed that I will incorporate some of their practices into my small business.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrific Hotel and Service! A fine hotel--good service, clean, tidy rooms and a smart staff. My wife and I went there to celebrate our anniversary, and the staff pampered us with complimentary champagne, chocolate truffles, and wonderful, personal service. I am an SPG Gold member, and they really rolled out the red carpet. Our preferred room had a gorgeous view of the Mississippi, and the beds are as heavenly as everyone says. We were a bit worried about the super-chic style of Ws (or so we had been told), but we found the place welcoming and fun. If the price is right, you should not hesitate to stay there! It's a first-class hotel with an extra dash of fun!!  
<Date>Jul 24, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoy! Just stayed at The W last weekend. What a pleasant experience! The staff was not only efficient, but friendly, as well. Needed some extra bedding items for my room upon arrival - it was all brought within 5 minutes. Every time I entered the hotel, I was greeted at least twice. The concierge and desk staff were very knowledgeable and helpful. Great hotel - in a great location - in a great city!!  
<Date>Jul 24, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Satisfied with the W My husband and I stayed at the W in May 2003 for 2 nights. We actually stayed in two other hotels during our stay in New Orleans: the Olivier House and the Ritz-Carlton. We thought it would be fun to stay in different places. It turned out that the W hotel was the best value. It was clean, hip and contemporary. The bathrooms were adequate, although they paled in comparison to those at the Ritz. The staff was efficient and courtious and friendly enough. I'd say my biggest criticism was the thinness/lack of sound-proofing of the doors between adjoining guest rooms. There were moments when it seemed like our next-door neighbor was in our room! But this only happened when people were coming and going.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stayed in the Suite - Excellent   showReview(1038134, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 3, 2003
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Weekend at the W   showReview(923440, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 25, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We loved the W !!!   showReview(861768, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 27, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pseudo intellectual   showReview(859209, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 19, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Heaven!   showReview(834311, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pleasant but please turn down the music   showReview(833416, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 5, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>if you rate hotels by their bars...   showReview(821277, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 6, 2002
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>glyndab
<Content>Snooty, but nice   showReview(752056, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 14, 2002
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Nights Sleep Ever In A Hotel !!!   showReview(698231, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 17, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>The W Hotel - Polydras St   showReview(610131, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 11, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr猫s bon h么tel   showReview(19634812, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

