<Author>dianedennis55
<Content>Not My Kind Of Place After seeing several positive reviews on this hotel, we tried it for 2 nights during our 5 days in New Orleans. We stayed at Royal Sonesta and Hotel Monteleone a night each and also Le Richelieu (wanted to drive to Biloxi for a day and therefore got a rental and because of free parking at this hotel, thought it would be perfect opportunity to see what everyone raves about here).I was not impressed. It was out of the way from the French Quarter which was fine, because we saw a few hot spots on Frenchman Street we might have missed otherwise. We also ate at Irene's (A MUST!) which is nearby. But the hotel is just too old and outdated for my tastes. Hotel Monteleone and Royal Sonesta are also older places and the rates were even lower, but had a much classier feel. The bathroom was yucky and never updated. We couldn't even figure out if there was air conditioning in the room--we thought not--so put on the ceiling fan. They also give you a big hotel key and you're supposed to give to front desk every time you leave the hotel. Fine, but when you return, you often times have to wait in line to get a key to go back to your room. Very inconvenient. We left sunglasses on the breakfast table but mistake, discovered this, went back down to retrieve--someone said Oh yes, I do remember someone saying something about them earlier but neither the waiter nor bartender could locate them.The parking is very convenient so if you want to drive around and get a good rate and aren't as picky as I am, maybe this would be a good choice.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>mau610
<Content>Quiet, But Nearby the Quarter My brother and sister-in-law joined my wife and me on a visit to NOLA and the French Quarter.After reading the hotel reviews, we chose Le Richelieu.The hotel is in the Quarter, but far enough away from the Bourbon St. activities to allow privacy and quiet.Although an old hotel, it is well maintained.One day our bathtub stopper was not working, but the next day it was repaired. The bathtub knob broke off another day, but it was quickly replaced.The maintenace man is also the bartender.The staff is attentive and responsive.The temperature was 80 degrees a couple of days here. Our air conditioner would not cool the room adequately, but was not properly repaired throughout our 5 night stay.If you like the ambiance of a turn of the century (20th) hotel, you will find this hotel an enjoyable stay.Have fun!  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>jirrupin
<Content>Quaint place in the french quarter Le Richelieu is an extremely unique and quaint hotel in a great location in the French Quarter. If you are expecting conventioneer-style, standard hotel rooms, this is not the place for you. The rooms are old but filled with character. We were fortunate enough to stay in New Orleans during a rare snowstorm and the view from our room was lovely. We had a suite which was very large, though odd, as it included a totally non-functioning kitchen. The bed was very comfortable. Free wifi is available. Staff at the hotel were exceptionally friendly, and the breakfast is quite good on the enclosed verandah. I would recommend the Le Richelieu for an authentic French Quarter New Orleans experience. One tip - when you're in town, do not miss eating at the K Paul Restaurant. To die for!  
<Date>Dec 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>davidthevagabond
<Content>Great Hotel in French Quarter My wife and I loved LeRichelieu. We have finally found the hotel in New Orleans for repeat visits. Rooms quiet, large and comfortable, friendly and helpful staff, great location. Best of all, the rates are very reasonable. We'll be back.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Shawnfeb_7
<Content>Highly recommend Le Richelieu We can't say enough about how wonderful our stay was.The on site free parking was the real drawing card for us as well as the price of the room.The room was very nice, clean and fresh in every way. We had a little trouble getting accessing the Internet on my husband's laptop but the desk staff was very quick to aid us.The hotel is located in a very quiet location in the French Quarter which suited us perfectly.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FlyersKitty
<Content>Loved Le Richelieu I had always wanted to stay at Le Richelieu, but it was usually booked for my visits. Fortunately, they had rooms available this time. I booked 2 rooms, a single queen and double double for the very excellent prices of $130/nt and $140/nt, respectively. When we arrived and were given the room keys, we found we had been assigned rooms connected by a kitchen/lving room suite. So essentially, we were upgraded to a full suite for $270/nt.The hotel is quaint and invokes memories of an older, classier New Orleans. Its location, toward the back of the Quarter near Esplanade, maintains this ambiance as its out of the way of the Bourbon street tourists. Yes, the furnishing are out of date, as many other reviewers noted. My television was circa 1970. But that is part of the charm in my opinion. I live a state-of-the-art life; a throwback weekend was actually very fun. The hotel is also run in an old-fashioned manner. For example, the bartender, Renny, is also the maintenance man.Speaking of Renny, he has been at Le Richelieu for almost twenty years and made our visit memorable. In addition to making a mean drink, fixing our bathroom faucet, and giving advice on city locales, when I indicated I wanted to purchase pralines, he told me he could sell me homemade pralines from his daughter. The following morning, a bag of pralines was waiting for me at the front desk - much bigger than and better priced than the pralines in the Quarter candy shoppes. The ONLY negative was that our rooms were freezing. The AC units were on overdrive and even when I turned it off (following somewhat elaborate front desk instructions b/c these units also were circa 1970), the cold air never really dissipated. Good thing I had purchased a Tulane sweatshirt!All in all, a wonderful weekend at Le Richelieu with my father and brother. My father and I are somewhat snooty about where we stay and dine, but without a doubt, we will stay at Le Richelieu again.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Dulcie-K
<Content>Great location We stayed in the Richlieu for 4 nights - not only is it very convenient for the French Quarter, it is also really near the bars where the locals go. The staff were, with one exception, very helpful. We had to move rooms as we stayed an extra night and they were most apologetic and gave us a room with a balcony. Having downtown free parking was a brilliant extra.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>Travelin_Mom_Boston
<Content>Overrated, even for the price Since this hotel was rated quite highly, I expected a lot more than we got. The room was dingy, poorly decorated with cheap furniture, drapes and bedspread, bed was spongy. The bathroom was falling apart, which made it hard to give it points for cleanliness, even though I am quite certain it was cleaned well.The halls and elevator are definitely musty smelling, but the room was not.I think we missed the great staff that other people talked about, we had a low energy person who was far from enthusiastic about anything.The pool and courtyard were great, and we really liked the location near Frenchman's street, close to Bourbon but far enough away from the madness.I just would like people to know that if you are expecting something great, when you walk in the room, you may just be a bit deflated like we were.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>BamaLadyBug
<Content>Great place and great price!       front of hotel at night  
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>kzaei
<Content>Made our trip! We loved this old hotel and the location. It was ideal. We visited with our four kids and got connecting rooms which turned out to give us an apt. suite with two bedrooms and an great livingroom (and even a kitchen area with a full size fridge). For the price and location, it can not be beat.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>floridabuckeye
<Content>Great stay, but felt uneasy being alone in this part of the Quarter. My husband and I just spent 4 nights at Le Richelieu based on all the positive reviews that we had seen on TripAdvisor. Overall, we had a great stay and were very pleased with the staff at the hotel, the rooms, the free parking, and the free internet. Due to the recent hurricanes, New Orleans was pretty quiet while we were there (Sept 2008). This was nice in terms of sight seeing, but due to less people being out on the streets in the French Quarter, I did not feel safe walking around the area near the hotel by myself. If my husband was with me I felt ok, but the nights we stayed at the hotel I did not go for my normal morning run as usual because I did not want to be alone on the streets near the hotel. There were just enough strange people on the streets that it made me nervous to be out there by myself.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ugalaw
<Content>Excellent Customer Service! My friend and I were scheduled to go to New Orleans this weekend. With the possibility of a hurricane hitting the area, we decided against it at the very lat minute. We called to cancel our reservation and expected to pay at least one night of the stay and possibly the whole thing. Much to our surprise, the woman at the hotel canceled our reservation with no penalty! She said that they have been through this before and that they would not charge us for the late cancellation because of the possibility of a hurricane. Although I did not get a chance to stay here, their customer service is just amazing. So many other hotels would have told us that we were out of luck and had to pay because of canceling so late. I will definitely stay here when I do finally make it to New Orleans!  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	-1	

<Author>Insuregal2003
<Content>EXACTLY as pictures and recent reviews show This was a first visit to New Orleans for myself, husband and 14 year old daughter. We researched French Quarter Hotels extensively before booking at Le Richelieu. We arrived before check in time and went to the front desk. They gave us a parking ticket and we were able to park our car in the free hotel parking lot before the 3:00 check in time. We didn't want to leave valuables in the car and the front desk kept them behind their front counter for us. The hotel looks EXACTLY like the posted pictures. We went sightseeing until dinner, then came back and checked in. They gave us the login information for the free internet and our room key. The elevator and floor we stayed on had a slight bleach smell, like they'd been freshly cleaned. Our room was clean, nice and had a great view of the street (Chartres). We immediately went back out sightseeing again. We stayed at the hotel for 3 nights and we were completely happy. We were slightly dismayed by the smell of hot garbage that permeates the French Quarter because no one had warned us about this. The streets were cleaned and trash cans emptied every morning which helped but the smell was still strong. It was actually refreshing to get back to our hotel with the clean smell. The hotel is not right next to all the sightseeing attractions and we liked that and didn't like it. The hotel was quiet and had a respectful clientele but it was also tiring to walk from and back to it every time we went somewhere. Also, the pool and cafe were beautiful and the service was excellent but the menu was pricey. Unexpectedly pricey. We chose not to eat there after our first breakfast. Overall, on a scale of 1 - 10 I would rate this experience an 8 (a little to far from all the sightseeing attractions and the menu was a little too pricey for us). I would recommend this hotel and we will probably stay at this hotel again when we visit the French Quarter. Because one time in New Orleans just isn't enough.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>museumscollector
<Content>Must Stay in the Quarter- Safe and Elegant After researching hotels for our multiple day trip (weekend through weekday), I found Le Richelieu in the French Quarter was suitable for our needs- close proximity to sites, guarded FREE parking, pool, and positive reviews. Upon checking in and walking around, we were NOT disappointed! The staff was accomodating, even letting us check in an hour early, and recommended a good late-night restaurant for a Sunday night. The building is several hundred years old, with excellent furnishings, and is affordable for all prices ranges. More of a bed and breakfast feel, with a great swimming pool! Cafe and lounge on site, with free ice machine, and vending machines. Many celebrities have visited here, including Paul McCartney and Jimmy Buffett. THANK you Le Richelieu, and the owner and staff we even KNOW BY NAME, Frank and Jim!!! We WILL be back!  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Titanole
<Content>Great location, great value Okay, so Le Richelieu is an older place. Heck, it has been around for a hundred years or so. But the fact that it isn't a pristine new cookie-cutter chain hotel is one of its advantages. It is in a brilliant location if you don't mind walking. Being in the Quarter but on the less busy end of it makes it a quiet place to stay but not far from the action. My room was not dated at all and was always clean. Free in-room wi-fi and free parking are a plus.This is definitely a hidden gem, one that I would recommend to anyone visiting New Orleans.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>Stimpson
<Content>Its New Orleans...somebody was drunk?? This is a great hotel for the money. I paid around 90 $ thru the hotel on-line. The hotel is in an excellent location in the french quarter. Its is one of the few hotels in the quarter that has its own parking lot and it is free. There was also a security guard on duty throughout. You shouldn't need your car due to its proximity to most attractions in the quarter. The area is safe at all hours, the breakfast was awesome I have only good things to say about my stay. I don't think there is free wireless but i could be wrong I tapped into someone's though. For those who complain about loud revellers, creepy guys on the balcony, drunks or whatever....you are in the FRENCH QUARTER- its part of the experience, go to a bed and brekfast in minnesota or something.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>cattooth
<Content>Great Location This is an older hotel with older rooms. Do not expect a coffee pot in your room. The room was very, very clean. The airconditioning left us a little warm but the great ceiling fan kept us comfortable. The location is great and the self parking right behind the hotel with unlimited in and out is wonderful. The two nights we stayed there was no hot water. We had to take cold showers and that was an inconvience. We stayed a Sat  Sun night and were not told on check in that there was no hot water. They were working on it but could not get a part that was needed until Monday. It wasn't that bad and they offered to find us another hotel but we chose to stick it out. The small cafe is great for breakfast or a light lunch and the service is great. The front desk staff was very friendly too.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Resmama
<Content>Nice little hotel We spent three nights at Le Richelieu and has nothing to complain about. Room was fine, location is great (especially if you, like me, find Bourbon Street to be a tacky area), pool was lovely, staff mostly nice and helpful (especially the ones serving breakfast, at the front desk there were unfortunately some less service-minded people). Contrary to some others here, I liked the feeling that Le Richelieu was not like all other 2008-boutique-alike-hotels, and I hope that they do not decide to be just another cool-creative-one! We need diversity! Unfortunately, I must say that New Orleans was otherwise a disappointment. I don't know what it was like pre-Katrina, but now it had turned into just another Drunk-Disneyland-for-Adults. Bourbon Street felt like a mixture of Disneyland and Las Vegas and being an European I cannot understand the charm of getting drunk on the streets. Why would you like to do it? It is only vulgar. Single Mum on Amtrak  
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	2	3	3	

<Author>Ibeeneverywher
<Content>Don't understand the popularity here... I chose this hotel based on the reviews written here, and like the reviewer from Pennsylvania, I was very disappointed. To start, here are the positives:great location; very accommodating staff, for the most part; and OK value when you include free parking. BUT the negatives for me were pretty strong: very musty smell in the room was awful, the noisy air conditioning that kept me awake most nights in spite of inebriation! Even if you turn off the air conditioning in your own room, you can easily hear it from the room next door. Also, everyone talks about the cleanliness, but I didn't find this to be a particularly fresh and clean hotel. Also, I had a very negative experience upon arriving in my room in that is not necessarily the hotel's fault--when checking out the second floor balcony, which is a shared balcony, I was approached by a man wasted on some substance who literally chased me back into my room and stood leering outside the balcony door. It was terrifying! I would not recommend this hotel for single women who would want to access the balcony. Also, I would not recommend this hotel to anyone who is sensitive to cigarette smoke, as there are no specifically nonsmoking rooms. Perhaps this hotel is a good deal for smokers, many of whom I found enjoying the pool during the day. As for value, I thought it was a reasonable deal, but then I saw the room of my friend who was in NO for the same conference--she paid $79 per night by shopping online through Orbitz or some similar site and had a charming, very very clean room with a central courtyard pool and lots of character, in an even better location. All this to say, I will not stay here again and do not understand the high popularity ranking this hotel has received on this site.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>2	4	2	4	2	3	4	1	

<Author>Chiliwidle
<Content>Our second stay and we still love it! This hotel is in a perfect location in the French quarter-just far enough away form the noise of Bourbon Street but only a few minutes walk from all of the action. We have stayed pre and post Katrina and have noticed no difference in this hotel and pretty much I have to say in the French Quarter. The biggest differences were the restaurants and bars we had liked had closed down and new business replaced them. The Hotel has a pool, room serve and the rooms are of a wonderful size and really well appointed. Try and get a balcony room as this really adds an extra dimension. Great value and the staff are really friendly-would totally recommend.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>gdubsPhiladelphia_PA
<Content>Great Location But Not Impressed Just returned from four days in NOLA having stayed at the Le Richelieu. I read the Trip Advisor reviews and was looking forward to a quaint hotel with accomodating staff. I must say that I was not impressed. Yes, the location is great. Close enough to everything in the Quarter and just far enough to offer a quiet retreat from the fun and noise of Bourbon Street. The rooms are clean but in need of serious updating. A prior poster hit the nail on the head when they wrote: A simple quiz to judge how much you might, or might not, like Le Richelieu: You walk into a turquoise bathroom (even the toilet is turquoise), and see that, while being clean and very well-maintained, the main fixtures appear to be nearly 40 years old. Do you think (A) Wow, how cool! or (B) How dated and awful! If your answer is B, then Le Richelieu might not be your ideal hotel.  Consider me in the B category.My room had a musty smell and was just outdated. The tv for example had to be 30 years old. Also, I could't believe that the hotel still uses actual keys for the rooms. Nothing wrong with that but the key is attached to a gigantic piece of plastic making it hard to carry around when sightseeing. It was more like a key you'd get when using a gas station restroom! Another minor issue, no lobby pc for printing out airline boarding passes. The front counter tried to accomodate but was unable to print my pass. I didn't find the staff very accomodating either. They seemed annoyed when I asked them to (attempt to) print a boarding pass.It just seems the hotel needs some upgrading to bring it into the 21st century. Over Memorial Day weekend I was in NOLA and stayed at the Hotel Monteleone. Now there's a great hotel that has successfully maintained a historic look and feel while keeping up with modern conveniences. So, for Le Richelieu - positives: clean rooms and great location; negatives: outdated all around, staff could be more accomodating.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	2	3	1	

<Author>cyawillie
<Content>Love Loved it!!!!!! Le Richelieu-New Orleans,La LOVED LOVED IT!!!!!!My husband was a little nervous about NOLA because of the reported crime rate. I have to say that our stay in the French Quarter was lovely. The hotel was GREAT. The rooms were nice and clean. The court yard was so nice I could have just stayed there in the evenings and been perfectly happy. The Staff was so helpful,even looking up places on the net and printing out detailed maps for us. This is a wonderful location also. It is at the end of the Quarter,and in a residental area, so it was rather quite,which was nice after being on Bourbon St. Our room had a small balcony which faced the street, it was fun to people watch in the early morning.The other Great perk was a free garded parking lot! The small bar exited out into the courtyard which was nice,the bar tender was really nice, he makes the Best Brandy Milk Punch! The Quarter was clean and I fely really safe. I was impressed that on every street there was a a policeman and a trash truck collecting trash at all hours. I highly recomend going to NOLA.They need the tourist to come back and be supportive. We felt the apprecaition from every business. The food ahhhh,well I could write a book FANTASTIC! No Bad meals in NOLA!We had a great time and only encounterd 2 panhandlers!Not Bad!!!  
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tab4cab
<Content>Great Staff! Lovely Hotel! We stayed at Le Richelieu and the staff was absolutely amazing from the frontdesk to the housekeeping manager to the cooks to the bartender, Rimmey (Sp?). We had a fabulous time talking to Rimmey in the evenings. When we asked where to eat for dinner one night, we were told to eat at Irene's. We received horrible treatment from Irene's. To make it up to us, the hotel gave us vouchers for free drinks in the bar and free breakfast. Speaking of breakfast, they have an awesome grilled cheese and ham sandwich. I don't like breakfast foods and they happily made that for me for breakfast every morning. :) I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone and if we go back to New Orleans, we will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	3	5	5	4	

<Author>Seagull1
<Content>Thoroughly recommended The welcome that we received every time we returned to reception was almost embarrassing in it's friendliness. There wasn't anything too small that the staff couldn't help you with.For some unknown reason our room was upgraded to a suite which in turn was one of the nicest rooms I have stayed in all the years of travelling and staying in many hotels throughout Europe.Position for us was perfect. Let's face it, everywhere in the French Quarter isn't far away but the Le Richelieu is nicely positioned in the corner near everywhere but quiet. The Bar and restaurant were more than adequate for breakfast and a drink in the evening. Didn't use the pool as it was too cold in March but this also looked big enough for a dip after a tiring day out. Oh and I nearly forgot the free car park which is definitely worth remembering. All in all a hotel to recommend.  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	3	5	5	5	

<Author>Dtx
<Content>An Excellent French Quarter value A simple quiz to judge how much you might, or might not, like Le Richelieu: You walk into a turquoise bathroom (even the toilet is turquoise), and see that, while being clean and very well-maintained, the main fixtures appear to be nearly 40 years old. Do you think (A) Wow, how cool! or (B) How dated and awful! If your answer is B, then Le Richelieu might not be your ideal hotel. If your answer is A, well, then it's definitely worth checking out.  While our bathroom was retro-cool turquoise, we did get a peek at another one that appeared to have been recently updated, so they're not all time capsules. But we loved ours anyway. Our room on the 4th floor was clean, roomy and had a shockingly large walk-in closet, complete with iron and ironing board, which would make it a great room for an extended stay.  Also, while at least one recent review complained of being able to hear activities in an adjacent room, our room seemed quite well sound-proofed. We never heard anything from neighboring rooms, and even people in the hallway sounded a bit muffled. We could, however, hear a folks out on balconies on the floors below us (the 4th floor lacks such balconies) on a couple of occasions when they got a bit boisterous. Maybe the person who had the noise problem was in a different wing of the hotel.  Street noise also wasn't much of an issue. The hotel is located in a quiet, largely residential corner of the French Quarter. This location makes for a nicer experience in many ways, but might not be convenient for everyone. It is quite close to Decatur St. and the Frenchmen St. scene over in the Faubourg Marigny. But it's a little bit of a walk to Jackson Square, more of a walk to the more raucous part of Bourbon St., and a real hike to and from Canal St. But you can hop on the nearby Riverfront Streetcar line to ride over toward Canal St.  One thing I would note is that, even though we were there in mid-April, our top-floor room got a bit warm in the late afternoon, and we didn't have any real control over temperatures in the room, but we did have a window that actually opened. Especially with that window, the heat wasn't a problem for us, but I might have mild qualms about it getting too hot on the 4th floor if I were staying here during the summer. The 2nd floor might be a better choice in really hot weather. Overall, we really liked the hotel, its location, and most notably, its decent rates and free parking.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>PensaCandy
<Content>Paul and Linda McCartney stayed here in the 70s! Very friendly staff ... free parking ... nice courtyard and all in the French Quarter. Paul and Linda McCartney stayed here in the 70s which was the selling point for us (that and the parking) and we were surprised at how nice the hotel was for the low price and the staff is barnone the friendliest and most accomodating you will meet anywhere. I highly reccomend this hotel for the price, the staff, the history and the fact that's it's so centrally located.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Mizsnooks
<Content>My favorite NOLA hotel - and it's a steal This is such a cool, romantic, serene hotel with huge rooms, huge closets, and bathrooms that seem to be from the late forties. I was attending a convention at the Hilton Riverside, and it was easy to take the riverside streetcar right up there. Nice to have a cabstand outside, too. It's a bit of a time machine - a quality I love. At one point I was thinking about living there...There's a great-looking old tiled coffee place/bakery on Ursulines, just a couple of blocks away - though the coffee isn't great but then it rarely is in NO. The Croissant dOr.I'm planning to return with my family this fall for a celebration. Great place to stay for a wedding, too.I just turned the noisy air conditioning off - the controls don't actually work. If your room backs up to the elevator bank, the air conditioner in the hall can drive you crazy, Just turn it off too.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dtiger
<Content>Great historic hotel This is a beautiful old hotel. We had a room on the third floor with french doors that opened onto the street. This hotel had alot of charm, a beautiful bar and small dining room. There is an outdoor swimming pool in the back with loungers and chairs in a pretty setting.When you left the hotel you left the key with the front desk which was put in a cubby hole with your room number on it and asked for it when you returned.The hotel is located in a great loation the French Quarter and was surprisingly quiet at night.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BlueMuse
<Content>Fantastic old world charm       View from the shared balcony  
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>ashuppe
<Content>A Great Place to Stay in the French Quarter We stayed at Le Richelieu for 4 nights at the end of March. After much research online and after looking at reviews we booked a room here for our stay. We were extremely pleased with our stay. There were several good things about this hotel. First the price is one that allows you to still have money to spend in NO. The staff is exceptionally friendly. Our room had a small fridge that was useful in keeping water cold for the warm temps they were having that week. Although I could see in the summer that the temparature in the room may be a problem we were comfortable at night and there was a ceiling fan for warmer temparatures.We had a 2nd floor king room. Although it did not lead out onto the balcony it had a large window that we were able to keep open at night.We really enjoyed the location, which we found out was only a couple blocks from Brad and Angelina's home. It was a 10 to 15 minute walk into the main part of the French Quarter and we felt it was a safe walk at any hour. We enjoyed the walk as it allowed us to see more of the area. The next time we are in the French Quarter we will definitely be staying here.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ph0t0grapher
<Content>Loved it! We stayed here three nights in late March, and enjoyed it so much we came back the next weekend for a couple more nights. We picked this hotel for the free self-parking and the fact that it was located in a quiet section of the french quarter. The only concern I would have is the central ventilation system. You can't control the temperature of the air in your room. Our room was on the verge of being too warm at night. During the cooler months this hotel would be my first pick for a french quarter hotel. The hotel has much charm, and the staff is great!  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>jharg23
<Content>Memorable What first attracted us to this hotel was the free parking in the Quarter with an on lot attendent, but we ended up falling in love with many more aspects of Le Richelieu. Great safe location, walked home many a night in the AM hours and never felt threaten by our surroundings. The room had exposed brick, we had a wonderful private balcony on the 3rd floor, we slept with the doors open because the weather was wonderful, in the 70s-80s. All the employees were very cordial and helpful. They have a cab attendent that waits out front to offer rides if necessary. Within walking distance of everything: Bourbon, Royal, French Market, Jackson Square, etc... all under 10 minutes. Would recommend anyone to stay there and when we make it back to the NO will definitely make reservations with Le Richelieu.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>ChicagoBubs
<Content>Loved our stay at Le Richelieu!       Le Richelieu pool, cafe in background  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Pinkiebaby
<Content>The Real New Orleans Experience!!       Hotel Streetside  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>barrychick
<Content>Odd! We stayed here for 3 nights earlier this month. We loved that it's a small, friendly hotel and found the reception very interesting to look at.(compared with the clinical look of all the generic, chain hotels that we hate). The room was ok: it could definately do with a coat of paint and new bedding, the bathroom could do with an upgrade too, however, both the room and bathroom were clean. The location is fantastic: right next to everything but in the middle of nothing so very convenient and on a quiet street. Be warned: our room rate did not include breakfast and the pool is very small and not heated.What we hated: you can hear everything: all the people coming home drunk and we even had the 'pleasure' of hearing the couple next door getting 'at it'!! We also hated the fact that the bar where you take breakfast in the morning, is right behind the reception so every time you walk through it stinks of cigarette and cigar smoke. Eating breakfast in that room is both pleasure and pain: the staff are fantastic, the food is great but the smell is totally disgusting.In conclusion: it was both enjoyable and not enjoyable!  
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>LCQ
<Content>A great small inn After reading the reviews, My husband and I booked the Le Richelieu because they had secured parking. The parking was secure. The surprise, the Inn was a true hidden gem! Comfortable, clean, a friendly helpful staff, the restaurant served a great breakfast the best value I've seen in a long while! The Le Richelieu may be dated but our stay reminded us of a time lost . A step back sometimes can be a good thing! The Q's from Virginia  
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>carlathemom
<Content>Quiet French Quarter Accomodations What a quaint little place. This place is not updated but that is part of the charm. The beds are comfortable, the rooms are clean, the location is quiet and the staff is friendly. When you leave the hotel, you turn in your key at the front desk and pick it up when you return. Initially I thought that would be a bother but after a few times, I really liked it. The staff got to know you and vice versa. It just added a personal touch to it all. I really have no complaints about this place and would stay again.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>northernite
<Content>Best thing about New Orleans       outside of hotel  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>gb905
<Content>A Place to Consider I booked this hotel because of the superior ratings it has received on Tripadvisor. Overall, the place met our needs. On the plus side, most of the staff is very helpful. We arrived early in the morning and our room wasn't ready so we stored our bags in the manager's office. This is not a big hotel and I can imagine people either thinking it's charming or a bit run-down. It has a small outdoor pool that is not heated. Our room was on the first floor and looked out on the pool area. Be prepared to pay for the morning newspaper and coffee ($2.50 with free refills). Also, the rooms do NOT have individual heat control. The entire hotel is heated to one temperature. Our room had an overhead fan and as well as a fan that we mistook for the heating element. The room was a tad warm during the night. The television is a very old, small model that had less than 20 stations and no movie options. The room was adequate - not huge but we didn't feel too crowded.The hotel is on the far side of Chartres Street, a bit away from everything so it was quieter. It's closer to the French Market than the busy center of the French Quarter. I figured the hotel had to have something going for it since Paul McCartney stayed there (and based upon the pictures in the manager's office so did Barry Manilow). I found it met our needs but I don't think this is the place for you if you're looking for something closer to Bourbon Street or a fancy location.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>AAGeorgiapeach
<Content>Better hotel choices in New Orleans, no doubt.... February 19, 2008My husband and I just returned from a trip to New Orleans. After hours of researching hotels and reading numerous reviews, we booked a room directly with Le Richelieu. This was a very special trip for me as I was celebrating my birthday. I requested a room with a balcony. What we got was room #324 that had a view of a roof! It was located directly above the kitchen. When we opened the window for fresh air (the room was quite stuffy and warm) we could hear the kitchen staff talking and laughing. To make matters worse the window would not fully close, there was a large gap between the two sides. The air conditioner, even on high, put out very little cool air. The towels and sheets were rough and threadbare. The television set seemed to be from the '70s and was sitting on top of a dresser.The hotel is not remotely close to much of what you go to New Orleans to see. The best thing I can mention about this hotel is a young man named Jim who worked at the reception desk. He was most helpful and informative.My husband and I travel extensively and try to be careful about our choice of lodgings. This was our fourth trip to New Orleans, and there will be more in the future. We will not be staying at this hotel again, nor would we recommend it to others.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	2	3	1	

<Author>xiaoshuixian
<Content>Very Pleasant Stay Just back from a long weekend trip to New Orleans with my BF. Read all the reviews before we go and decided to try Le Richelieu out. We are pleased with our decision. :)1, Location: A few blocks away from the famous Bourbon Street in the French Quarter. Easy walking distance to all the shopping- clubbing-dining fun, but away from all the noise.2, Condition: Very elegant-looking, carefully maintained, but not one of those glamorous fancy hotels. So you might feel it smells old, but I don't think it would be a real problem, as you can take it as one of the special things to live in such a house with history. After all, this hotel was kept in a very clean way.3, Room: Mid-size room with a Queen bed. Nothing fancy, and nothing to complain. One thing worth mentioning is the door (or should I call window) opening toward the big balcony. That certainly added comfort when we chatted in the morning breeze.4, Service: Room is cleaned everyday on time, and clean towels, complimentary simple toiletry are provided. The staff in the lobby are really helpful. They answer every question we have, assisting us in booking tours, choosing restaurants, shopping around... and they even gave free bottled water to us upon our late arrival (oh, forgot to say there is no coffee machine in the room, so you have to buy enough water/coffee to stock in the room).All in all, this is an enjoyable place for a weekend get-away memory.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>moosemizzou
<Content>Good choice! My wife and I decided to stay at this hotel based on the postings of others. We were not disappointed. The hotel is ideally located in a quiet section of the French Quarter and the staff very accommodating. The rate was reasonable and the room comfortable. Those that enjoy a hotel with charm and character and the atmosphere of a B and B, will like the Le Richelieu. Those wanting a lot of amenities (fitness room, full-service restaurant (the one at the hotel is open from 7 - 2) business center, etc.) will not.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>wiskas
<Content>The 'real' New Orleans       Living room  
<Date>Feb 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>NaKoa
<Content>Great little hotel in the French Quarter Went to the Sugar Bowl and wanted to stay someplace with some New Orleans ambience. After scouring Trip Advisor and other travel websites, Le Richelieu came up time and again as a good alternative. I was pleasantly surprised that such an old building, (built in 1845) was so well maintained. The rooms are high ceilinged, but with ceiling fans, central air/heating, new carpeting, plumbing, TV's etc. (If you're looking for spotless chrome and ceramic fixtures, go downtown to the Marriott) The twin french doors lead out to the second floor lanai (do they call them that in Nawlins..?) that wraps around half of the building. I even saw my first jazz band come sashaying down Chartres Street, not 5 minutes after checking in, from the same lanai. Impressive.On the eastern edge of the French Quarter, you're far enough away from the bars and noisy night life, but still only a few blocks from the same bars, restaurants and sights (couple of blocks from the River Walk, French Market, etc.). You can take the trolley ($1.25 exact change), which just started running following Katrina, the 1/2 mile to downtown and the big hotels and Harrah's Casino. Or, just walk the River Walk to the Aquarium, shops and restaurants along the way. There's a small bar and restaurant in the hotel that serves breakfast and lunch and faces the tiny pool in the center of the building. Nothing special here, so walk the 1/2 block to a couple of nice restaurants (Daisy Duke's for one) that serves beignets and coffee to those not so inclined to fight the crowds at Cafe du Monde. Everyone at the hotel is friendly and helpful from the front desk to the maids. Everyone seems to be a long-time employee who treats you with care and pride. Overall, a very nice hotel that immerses you in the French Quarter experience.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>rudyjane
<Content>Enjoyed our stay very much We stayed at Le Rich for 3 nights. There were 3 of us in the room, but there was plenty of room. The bathroom is large and the water pressure was great. Most importantly, it was clean. I had read some threads concerning the fact that Le Rich didn't not have separate smoking and non-smoking rooms, but that was not an issue for us. We noticed no smoke smell at all. We had a room that overlooked Barracks Street and had a common balcony that covered the entire side on the second floor. We didn't eat in the restuarant, only coffee 2 mornings...the wait staff was a bit curt both mornings, but they were the only ones I can say that about. The desk personnel were very pleasant and helpful. The area is very quiet, but a very short walk to Jackson Square, restaurants and Bourbon Street. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone heading to NOLA who wants a good, clean, well-priced, safe hotel to stay in.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Susonka0803
<Content>Quiet location, nice accomodations, great price This is a great little hotel. We had a king size bed and private balcony for a great price. We had emailed the hotel to ask about a rate, and got a great deal. The hotel lobby is really pretty as well as the area around the pool. Our room also was a good size with a comfortable, king size bed. The bathroom was also big. Our room and bathroom were clean. The location of this hotel is nice because it is on a quiet street but still in the French Quarter so it is close to everything. In general, the hotel is a little dated, but we thought that this made the hotel unique. Also, it seemed like this was one of the only hotels that had free parking which is a big plus in the French Quarter. We didn't drive so we can't comment too much. The parking lot looked safe/secure. The front desk staff were very friendly and answered all of our questions and gave good advice. We did have an issue when we checked out. Our room was quoted at one price when we had made our reservation, but we were charged a higher rate when we checked out. Also, we were charged for our entire stay when we had already paid for one night. The ladies at the front desk were very nice and a manager came out and did fix our bill. Oh, if you do get a quote from this hotel, bring this quote in writing just in case you have a similar issue with the nightly rate. I had our confirmation letter with me, so when I showed this, our bill was fixed to reflect the rate we were quoted.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>TrumanLouisiana
<Content>Great Location Great Location for French Quarter. A little dated on the inside -- could use a new shower head and some duvets. But otherwise -- very clean and affordable. Would definitely go back.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>SamiBT
<Content>Awesome Staff This was my first visit to New Orleans and we had picked this hotel as our other friend had booked a room there. What a pleasant suprise to be treated so graciously by the staff. The front desk staff was amazing, greeting us by our name and give us pointers on where to go. Although it is a short walk (3 blocks) from all the action, we found it to be perfect as it was in a quiet residential neighborhood. We walked all over the quarter with ease. I would highly recommend this hotel for the quality of its staff.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Heidi29229
<Content>Quirky and Quaint This is one great hotel! Just stayed there and loved the atmosphere and authenticity of the place - great location, free parking and wonderful hotel employees! I'd go back in a heartbeat!  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LosAngelesJanfran
<Content>Perfect Stay We couldn't have been happier with our choice. We had 4 nights in a shared balcony, smoking room with kitchen on the 2nd floor overlooking Chartres. Every staff member (desk clerks, maids, wait staff) was friendly and helpful; there's a taxi stand right outside; a bar and cafe on premises; quiet neighborhood; charming decor. It is a longer walk to the action, but so much to enjoy along the way. They made you feel like family, given that the owner lives on the premises and most of his staff has been with him for years. Can't recommend it highly enough.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Traveler5548
<Content>Lovely hotel in the quiet part of the French Quarter       The Hotel  
<Date>Nov 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Condodude
<Content>Returning to A Friend I was at Le Richelieu In the French Quarter from November 12, to the 17th. This was my second stay at the hotel and my fourth visit to New Orleans. It was good to see the hotel was open. I was one of a party of four, we shared two rooms. My room was on the fourth floor and we could look towards the downtown. The room was quiet, clean and the rate on it was a fair one. Service was good at the front desk, the bar service was also fine. It was easy to walk to things within the French quarter and cabs were always outside it seemed. For people with cars, their parking area is a real plus. You can walk to the French Market about three blocks away and catch the River front cable car. The only down point was ourtoilet ran, but we lived with that and really did not ask for them to fix it until our last day. The heating system at the hotel works! This is a great location, with a nice staff and good rates - try it if you want to be away from Bourbon Street and the Canal street area.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	3	5	4	3	

<Author>Hedwig
<Content>Le Richelieu is "Lovely" We stayed at Le Richelieu over Halloween and we just loved this hotel. The room and bathroom were large and very clean,and had balconies off both rooms. The staff is especially friendly and helpful. The location is great if you want to listen to music at night on Frenchmen Street and is also close to Jackson Square. We paid $89 for our room, which was a bargain! Don't hesitate to stay here; you will be very pleased. We had breakfast every morning at Croissant d'Or which is at 617 Ursuline Avenue. It's a very short walk from the hotel and they have wonderful pastries and cafe au lait. (Ask for cafe au lait to be made with the chickory coffee; unless you ask, it's made with regular coffee and isn't as good).  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LMA1952
<Content>Le Richelieu Perfect ! Perfect place to stay on the edge of the FRENCH QUARTER. Close to everything, and if you want to ride there is a taxi stand outside the front door. Felt Safe, Rooms Clean, Bathroom squeeky clean. Very nice pool and patio area and wonderful poolside cafe for a comfortable breakfast. Bar is great, friendly staff. Front desk staff especially Courtney and Olivia went over and above to be helpful with recommendations, directions etc. Most accomadating ! Just far enough away from the noise and action of Bourbon and Decatur to be quiet so you can get a good nights sleep. Reminds me of a European Hotel. Would recommend to others. Lisa A NJ  
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>OhIsis
<Content>Just right for our needs My husband and I recently stayed at Le Richelieu after it was recommended to us. It was very quaint. The location was a nice, quiet neighborhood close to all the beautiful architecture and great dining locations. We got a great deal on our room. I can't recommend this hotel highly enough. Next time we're in the French Quarter, we'll definitely stay here. We only stayed in the city for one night but we were able to take in the French Quarter walking tour, as well as dining at many of the local restaurants. It's such a beautiful city. It is worth going there just to see what a European looking city is like in the U.S. The tourism is definitely needed, so we felt good about helping out in our own small way.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>jgk_7
<Content>Loved the pool, friendly staff We spent 3 nights at the Richelieu.The hotel is located in a very quiet neighbourhood but very close to the major attractions (St Louis cathedral is a 10 minutes walk)The staff was very friendly and always ready to help. The room was big and clean. The heated pool in the patio was beautiful. The snack bar overlooking the pool was very pleasant.The parking is next to the hotel and free, which is definitely something to take into account when you compare Le Richelieu with other hotels.I would definitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Shelmarie
<Content>Excellent choice for a reasonable price. Would stay here again! We were forced to stay here because we were meeting my father in New Orleans, who drove and refused to pay extra to park. This hotel was the only hotel which offered free parking and was close to all the action. My husband and I prefer to stay at highly-rated BB's because hotels are just so damn cookie-cutter, boring and predictable. On the other hand, my dad is extremely budget-conscious. He refuses to stay at BBs, tending to be perfectly happy to stay at a Best Western --- the cheaper, the better! So, you see, we had to traverse a wide gap in taste. My husband recommended we stay at Le Richelieu because it provided free parking (thus pleasing Dad), and I very reluctantly agreed. It turned out that Le Richelieu satisfied all of us perfectly. It was a standard hotel, so it pleased my dad, but it had its own peculiar New Orleans charm and character, so it ended up pleasing me and my husband, too. The lobby has an elegant 1950's/1960's New Orleans ambience. (The elevator reminded us of something one would have used in 1960 -- in a good way, not a bad way.) We had rooms which opened up to a long New Orleans balcony/gallery overlooking a quiet street. The rooms were standard hotel fare -- aged, but very clean and comfortable. Cable TV. Quiet rooms. The hotel's front desk was both helpful and friendly. There was a charming small bar/lounge area and an inviting pool downstairs, too, though we didn't use either. My father had a problem getting all the channels on his TV set and with his toilet. He immediately reported the problems to the front desk, and when we returned to the hotel later in the day, both problems were fixed. Attentive, prompt service. Le Richelieu is within walking distance to the activities of New Orleans, but it's far enough away so that it is QUIET. No loud partying! In fact, we explored a nearly NOLA fringe neighborhood we would have overlooked entirely if we had stayed elsewhere, and we were charmed by it. (Note: Try to eat at Adolpho's, a restaraunt near Le Richelieu. One of the best meals we had in NOLA, and also far less expensive than those we enjoyed at Brennan's and Anaud's.)We will happily stay at Le Richelieu again. Highly recommended, especially for those seeking a reasonably-priced hotel in New Orleans with free parking. By the way, here are some things we enjoyed about New Orleans and would highly recommend to others: The Hurricane Katrinia Tour provided by Greyline Tours, Lloyd Sensat's walking tour of The Garden District (Historic Walking Tours), The Presbytere, Mother's Restaurant, Brennan's (friendly staff and good food), Adolpho's Restaurant --- and just walking the streets of NOLA. I loved the cafe lattes and beignets and people-watching at Cafe du Monde, though it was strange to see Vietnamese waiters everywhere..... We don't drink but it was still great fun to walk down rowdy Bourbon Street at night --- and we were that much happier to return to the peace and quiet of Le Richelieu later on!There are some things we felt were over-rated by Frommer's, We could have skipped this: Arnaud's (great food, but very loud and its house band is permitted to move from table to table, encouraging diners to buy their CD), Felix Oyster (across from ACME), Johnny's Po Boys, the ghost tour recommended by Frommers (Historic Walking Tours?). The swamp tour was fine, but only if you feel the need to explore a swamp/marsh once in your lifetime.We only touched the surface of NOLA in 4 days and look forward to returning soon! The highlight of New Orleans is just walking the streets of New Orleans and taking in its charm. Le Richelieu is the perfect base camp for doing just that. Thumbs up.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WldExplorer
<Content>Love it The free parking starts off your stay on a good note. The location of this hotel is perfect. In the French Quarter, but away from the noise. It's old time New Orleans, from the decor to the staff. The room service folks in particular are very warm and friendly. This is the best bargain in the French Quarter.Internet service is available. And the hotel is within walking distance of another of New Orleans' best kept secrets, Irene's restaurant.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>TheAlthardts
<Content>Excellent Hotel for the Money - Loved it! Stayed here 1 night, August 24th 2007. Stayed in room 401. First of all; very nicely decorated, very clean, very quiet and room to boot. The only negative I have to say is that the bathroom is outdated but it is clean. Cleaniness is THE most important to me. Beautiful view outside the window. Only a few blocks from Burbon Street and even less to Jackson Square and the river front. Close enough to everything to walk yet far enough that you don't have the noise. Loved this hotel. Booked it online on the hotels website and paid right at $100 which included tax and parking. I will stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Traveler2112
<Content>Great French Quarter Hotel       hallway  
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>ShaCL
<Content>Terrific We had never been to New Orleans before and picked it for a big birthday (one that ends in a 0). Our flight from Atlanta was delayed so we didn't arrive till nearly midnight. A huge, friendly, man on the desk checked our names against his list then lead us down the hallway on the same floor.The room was enormous, it was an entire apartment. There was a large bedroom with ceiling paddle (which thrilled me, it made me think of Gone With The Wind); a large sitting room with settees, TV, table and chairs, a big kitchen - the only appliance of which is connected is the massive American fridge - and a large bathroom too. I was very pleased.Next day, unpacking, there had been a disaster in our luggage. A carton of talcum powder had emptied over everything. I called reception and they sent the housekeeper along, who took away the worst-damaged clothes and had them cleaned, same day.I'd also informed the hotel beforehand about The Birthday. On day two, they had baked a cake! It was in the room when we got back, all decorated with the name, spelled correctly. I was very touched.The hotel interior has wonderful old chequered floors, dark woods, a small pool, a small restaurant, and a busy but very efficient breakfast area. The waiters were absolutely delightful, and I wanted to hug them but controlled myself. We took a guided tour of New Orleans on the first day, and in December had the tour guide all to ourselves in the mini-bus. It was a great tour and the above-ground cemetaries are astonishing. The next day we did an all-day Plantations Tour with a different company. It was ok. Be warned - they don't tell you in advance on the Plantations Tour (which is sold by reception) that there is no meal break and it's a long day out. This hotel is within easy walking distance of Bourbon Street and all the nightlife there, so it's in a quiet area. This city has or used to have a high crime rate but we never felt uneasy or threatened once. I'd recommend Mr. B's Bistro in the French Quarter for the most delicious catfish and jambalaya.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>lesliedru
<Content>Le Richelieu Lovely Boutique Hotel!!!! I chose Le Richelieu almost with my eyes shut using reviews from Frommers, TripAdvisor and one or two other websites - I just wanted a vacation. Le Richelieu is just on the edge of the quarter - it's a small, clean, friendly and beautifully designed French style hotel, an oasis in the midst of the noise and hustle of the French Quarter. The room was done in beautiful tapestry, clean and elegant in design. A very helpful staff assisted with last minute trip planning. It was wonderful, charming and warm. A lovely place to spend a week!!!!  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	4	3	5	4	

<Author>flyerfan22_19115
<Content>A Very Nice Stay This was our 3rd trip to New Orleans, each time in a different hotel. We chose the Le Richelieu for the great reviews, great price and free parking. We had never rented a car in NO before, and wanted to do a little exploring this visit.The hotel was very nice - quiet and very accommodating. Keys were on large plastic key chains, and had to be returned to the front desk whenever we left. Very European!The room was clean, and certainly roomy enough for the 2 of us. It was a few blocks to the Bourbon Street action, which was not a problem for us.Renting a car was a great way to see the city. We went to the zoo, and several restaurants outside the French Quarter.We visited NO to support the Eagles in their bid for NFC supremacy. We stayed for the wonderful people. Everyone in NO is so NICE. We repeatedly heard We hope you lose, but thanks for coming to NO. Enjoy your stay. It was hard to be sad about the loss. :)I highly recommend this hotel for people that like a classy stay, away from the hoopla that is Bourbon Street.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>7870faubourg
<Content>Great value for very pleasant stay I always admired the exterior of this hotel and the interior turned out to be just as charming. The bedspread and curtains were a little old-fashioned for my taste, but the third-floor room was a good size, very clean, lots more storage space than I needed for four days' worth of clothes. And even tho I had a rock-bottom summer rate thru Priceline Europe (booked thru Tripadvisor's search engine) they gave me a room with a lovely little balcony. There was no place to sit out there, but it was marvelous to step out and survey the roofs of the French Quarter, and I could keep the doors open and get lots of fresh air. The little courtyard pool was lovely, and the staff was very nice. I had dropped my cell phone in the hall as I was checking out, and when I ran back upstairs to look for it, one of the housekeepers told me Oh, my mama found it, she's down the hall. I thought it was nice they had a mother-daughter team -- although that might be one reason the housekeepers were a little loud out in the hallway in the morning! I didn't mind because I lived in New Orleans up til Katrina and for me, it was lovely hearing the cadences of those voices. The one thing I'd complain about is that I'd had to park my car in their lot across the street after coming back late from a club, which wasn't a problem, the attendant was keeping an eye on the street. But they called me twice on Sunday morning -- once from the desk, once from the parking lot -- asking did I want to move my car now. Well, no, I want to sleep. There were still other cars there around noon. Obviously the people coming home latest are going to want to sleep in the longest, so they should maybe tell people if there's a reason they want the car moved back to the main lot. I would've been happy to leave my keys with one of the attendants, who were very nice and provided a sense of security. All in all, the location could hardly be better -- in the quiet part of the Quarter and close to the Marigny for nightlife and coffee (also had a great bagel w/ lox as well at Cafe Rose Nicaud on Frenchmen).  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	2	

<Author>NCMagnolia
<Content>Loved it! I just returned from a stay in New Orleans where I spent 2 nights at the Le Richelieu. I knew about the hotel from when I lived in New Orleans a few years ago and I'd always wanted to stay there. It is, as others have said, on older hotel with all the ambience of one. It was clean and the price was right too. The weather outside was swealtering, but the room was kept at a very nice temperature. The front desk staff and others were very courteous and helpful. I will definitely stay here again and soon I hope.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>willangela
<Content>Just can't beat the Le Richlieu in NOLA We arrived on 7/5 and stayed through 7/9 and we can't say enough about the Le Richlieu Hotel. It's an elegant old world style hotel (about 120 years old) and it's magnificient. The hotel staff from the front desk staff to bellman, housekeeping and security were outstanding.We visited NOLA for two reasons vacation and to support this lovely city in their rebuilding efforts. It's sad to see so many families displaced but yet they're so strong.Upon our arrival, we were checked into room 214 (standard king room but posh nontheless!), there was a leak from the floor above on the window sill. The moment the bellman realized the problem, they switched our room to room 227 (The Paul McCartney Suite!!!) It was magnificient. The room as huge and the balcony overlooked the front of the hotel. We had the full length of the balcony! The room had a kitchen with fridge and stove. The furnishings were exquisite although mid 80's style but elegant just the same.I developed a medical problem which of course had nothing to do with the hotel but they did everything they could to help me find a chiropractor ... nothing was open at 4:30pm on Saturday. So I had to go to the hospital. They gave my husband perfect directions and if you have to go to the hospital while in NOLA, go to the Touro Infirmary. Dr. R. Anand was wonderful and I was in and out in 1.5 hours. Now that's a record by anybody's standard. With the injury, we had to stay over another day. The hotel moved us to another room which believe it or not was better than the Paul McCartney suite. It was room 414 and let me tell ya ... you have room to spread out. The room has a kitchen (no microwave) but that didn't phase me at all ... living room, dining area with round table and four chairs, 3 closets (one closet was bigger than my home closet), old world style bathroom and the bed was heavenly!!We were so impressed with this hotel and when we come back next year, it will be our hotel of choice. It was a lovely stay and we hated to see the time end.All of the reviews on this site helped us make our decision and everybody was dead on!! If your worried about boutique hotel vs. chain, don't. This hotel will not disappoint you. They remember your name, which room you're in, when you ask for change for the street car or taxi, they remember to give you quarters ... it's $1.25 for the street car. The taxis have a set rate for travel so you don't have to worry about that. I can't say anything bad about this hotel ... it's a great hotel.I will post pictures as soon as I figure it out :) It just doesn't get better than the Le Richlieu hotel.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rubyinparadise
<Content>Charming I had always admired this hotel during past trips as we would walk down Chartres on our way to the Marigny where all our favorite clubs are. So I decided to book it for our most recent trip. We were not disappointed. This hotel is very charming - you really feel like you are in New Orleans. It has a nice pool and bar. We didn't partake of breakfast or lunch, but the coffee was good. The staff was great, room was clean, bed was comfortable. I appreciated the free/secured parking, and it was refreshing to use an actual KEY to open your door. All of these aspects combined with an affordable rate makes me think we have found our N.O. hotel.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>oaksybosrmsw
<Content>sweet staff, close to clubs Quiet, older hotel on edge of French Quarter near Esplanade. Easy walking distance to Fabourg Marigny jazz clubs. Warm, helpful front desk staff who offered suggestions about places to eat and to visit. Safe and secure. Rooms are spacious, everything was comfortable. Not fancy, not recently redecorated, but I think a good value for this neighborhood.  
<Date>May 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>okguy2937
<Content>Liked the Richelieq I stayed recently in New Orleans for a xmas escape from the madness. The Hotel is located on my favorite French Quarter Street; Chartes. The location is impeccable for walking around.The rooms and public areas remind you of something out of the Sinatra era; I mean this in a nice way. The bellman run around in classic uniform and the bar is busy with older patrons smoking and drinking like an old Bogart movie; play it again Sam!!The housekeeping and front desk are the strong points of this property. The frunishings in the rooms, and public areas, are rather dated but in first class condition. The rooms are spotless.I half expected to meet Dean Martin or Sammy Davis in a tuxedo coming in from a night on the town because the personality of the place is of that era, classic though.The price is excelent and if your parents are alive and you want to sort of go to a place that returns them to their element in youth this Hotel is just right; you will enjoy it too.Check it out  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>CherylCT
<Content>Very nice, but need some updating We just returned from LeRichelieu and were in town for the French Quarter Fest. We loved the location of the hotel as it was a little bit enough off of the beaten path for it to be quiet and peaceful, but close enough to just walk to wherever you wanted to go. The staff was very friendly, welcoming and helpful. We ate breakfast there one morning and the food was good but the menu limited. Our room itself was OK. The beds were too small (full size) for 2 people and the bathroom needed serious updating. The room was very clean, however. We had wished the pool was heated as we would have liked to take a dip but the water was freezing. Free parking was definitely a plus.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>MichiganVoyageur
<Content>La Richelieu was a good choice. La Richeleau is a nice, clean hotel in an older building located in the French Quarter. It is very close to the French Market and a trolley stop, but it is hike to get to the center of activity. This hotel is in the 1200 block and most activities are in the 400, 500 and 600 blocks. My husband and I walked daily to Bourbon St., Canal St, and sometimes even all the way to Harrah's Casino which is just outside the French Quarter on the opposite side. (Good lunch buffet) The location is nice and quiet. Hotel has a small restaurant and bar, good food at the going rate. Nice little courtyard and pool. Staff is very nice and helpful. Secure self parking with a guard in the lot, very convenient. Envie is a little coffee shop on a nearby corner and is a good place to eat or get coffee or a drink. Tourist shops and small bars close to the hotel on Decatur, but you can avoid some undesireables by walking on Chartres instead. Nice little pool. Recommend you try The Gumbo Shop, Petunias, Marketplace Cafe and the Old Coffee Pot for meals. We booked directly with the hotel, and got a good discount on the room. Recommend a City/Cemetary small bus tour for anyone unfamiliar with the city. If you are taking a Swamp Tour, be sure to do it on a sunny day. Unlikely to see much wildlife on a cloudy day.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>RNAlbany
<Content>Classy Le Richelieu is a wonderful place to stay. It is a very classy hotel in the French quarter. The room was very clean and the decor was classy (though some might say a bit outdated). If you are a purist or into tradition, this is your place. The restaurant was great (Breakfast (yummy GRITS!) and Lunch only). The location is excellent for those who don't have a car. If you do have a car, the parking is FREE! Guests must leave their keys at the desk (open 24 hrs). This makes you feel welcome and forces you to interact with the employees. As a result, we made many discoveries based on their recommendation. John, in particular, was a true consierge. I highly recommend this hotel and chose it based upon the other high reviews posted here.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>arenamama
<Content>Great What a wonderful holiday we had. The great location allowed us to freely explore the french quarter. Good food and service for breakfast each day and a comfortable room in an architecturally rich building. Not posh but clean, quiet and private.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	3	5	3	5	3	-1	

<Author>BPHUB
<Content>Quiet hotel, excellent location, great price! Stayed at the Le Richelieu for 3 nights. Got a quiet stay at a great location at a terrific price. It was clean and the room was good size for a French Quarter hotel. The hotel staff was incredibly nice and courteous. We did have one problem, staff needs to be more careful to check their information before passing it on to guests. The staff gave a dinner recommendation at a restaurant that had been closed since Katrina. We called and the desk indicated they would make a reservation for us. When we checked for directions before leaving for the restaurant the staff on duty at the time told us that restaurant was closed. Another time the staff directed us to a restaurant for breakfast that did not open until Noon. Those issues aside, the stay was a good one. Le Richelieu is in a perfect location for visiting the French Quarter. The Quarter is in good shape and the businesses are all very appreciative of their customers. Restaurants are outstanding, as always. Give New Orleans a try and consider Le Richelieu, just double check any recommendations they give you.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>faithd58
<Content>Quaint and Quiet My aunt and I traveled to New Orleans for the weekend. What a great little boutique hotel!The staff were pleasant. The location was great..close enough to everything, yet in a quiet location. New Orleans is a city where you need to walk around to see and enjoy everything. This hotel was close to the French Market, the Riverwalk Cable Car/Train, and a block or two from Bourbon Street. Although we ate at other venues in New Orleans, we had breakfast here and it was excellent. The service was wonderful.Bar drinks, although somewhat pricey were weighted with the appropriate amount of liquor. The waiter was friendly and accomodating. He even helped me to get breakfast from another restaurant at 2 am as the hotel's kitchen closes down after midnight. The front desk was very nostalgic (old time room keys which you left at the desk when leaving). The midnight shift clerk was friendly and helpful (I think her name was Annie) and she provided us with local information when we requested it. The courtyard, parking and rooms were all impeccably clean. The beds were comfortable. My only complaint was that I felt that the room was a little musty smelling for whatever the reason.We had a wonderful time at the Le Richelieu and will return when we come back to New Orleans.It was an extremely pleasant stay.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JillMarie
<Content>Great choice My husband and I stayed at Le Richelieu in 1997 and had a pleasant experience. We have also stayed at other hotels in the quarter on other trips. When we decided to drive to New Orleans recently, the Richelieu was an obvious choice because of their free and secure parking. The only problem we had was upon check-in when we were given our room and it had no windows. The gentleman at the front desk promply found us a new room with a balcony and two windows. The front desk staff was also helpful when we planned drives to plantation and swamp tours.  I was a bit apprehensive about taking a trip to New Orleans at this time because of hurricane Katrina. My fears were unfounded. The french quarter is as wonderful as ever. Some restaurants have changed their hours. There were actually fewer pan handlers and street performers as in the past. Other parts of the city and surrounding area were clearly still devistated from the hurricane.  Le Richelieu has a great location and the parking situation there is exceptional. Some of the fixtures and furnishings in the hotel are old and some would say outdated. However, the french quarter for that matter is old and it's history is what makes it so unique.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>PalmsandSun
<Content>Made the Trip Our first trip to New Orleans was made even better by this hotel. The room was so nicely done and very clean. Staff were top notch - polite and helpful. We had lots of touristy questions and they were eager to show off their city. They helped us arrange tours outside the city as well. The location of this hotel is great. Easy walk through French Quarter. Cafe Beignet was great for breakfast or lunch. K Pauls had fabulous dinner. Its good to see tourism is coming back here. You would never guess there was hurricane damage when you are in the FQ or Garden District. Charming hotel. Charming city.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Curmudgeonx
<Content>A little worn and outdated Two previous stays at the Richelieu in years past were nice, quiet and cozy. But as I have traveled more and gotten older, I have begun to expect more out of my lodging. Stayed in a suite here for seven days at a rate of 190/225. No complaints about the size of the suite which included a living room area, dining table, walk-in closet, and spacious bedroom. It also included a kitchen-area that cannot be defined as a kitchen or kitchenette. It had cabinets and a functioning mid-sized refrigerator/freezer from the 1980s, but the oven/stove were disconnected and merely for show. A simple microwave would been a nice touch, but it is unlikely that any manufacturer makes microwave ovens in 1973-colored harvest gold.The decor in the room was outdated with a 19 television in the bedroom that had seen better days and a, believe it or not, wood console type Zenith television (25 or so) in the living room. That thing must have cost a pretty penny when purchased in 1983 or next to nothing at the flea market last week. The common areas were clean and in quality condition. The front desk and pub staff were friendly and helpful. Free parking is stunning in this day and age and may tip the scale for you if you were teetering on renting a car while in town.Katrina impacted the hotel in limiting the restaurant's hours and terminating room service, but nothing else is noticable from the storms.I still like this motor hotel, but time has caught up with the rooms. Looking in other rooms down the hallway showed that some had been mildly updated. I would think that a moderate charge of $10 per night for parking x 50 spots would equate $500 bucks a day. That would be enough to remodel one room a week and bring this hotel into the late 1990's at least.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2006
<Rating>3	4	2	5	3	5	5	3	

<Author>sfuji1
<Content>A great place to stay I also chose this hotel based upon the reviews here and was surprised that this hotel is near the bottom as far as favorite choices while others showing unfavorable experiences appear towards the top of the list. The rooms were rather large, our closet opened up to a mini kitchen, fridge, sink and oven! The room and the mini kitchen area was very clean and most likely hardly ever used. The french door opens up to a wonderful shared balcony and best of all, parking was free smack dab in the french quarter. The office staff was very very helpful and recommended clubs that reflected the music of the real New Orleans. (Snug Harbor)Everything is within walking distance and the hotel/area at night is very quiet. We walked all around and outside of the French Quarter well past midnight (two women) and felt very safe. The bathroom was small, but very clean. Did not eat at the restaurant there, nor use the pool due to lack of time. My only tip is to check several websites before calling the hotel directly. I was given an AAA discounted rate of 100.00/night while other websites were offering 80.00/night. The hotel has a 48 hour cancellation policy.I've stayed at several hotels in the French Quarter and would list this as one of my favorites.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>alrtx
<Content>perfect location; nice place Based on reviews on this site, we chose Le Richelieu. It was perfect for us (30's couple who came to play AND rest). The location is far enough off Bourbon that it was quiet, but close to everything, including the Frenchman clubs.Having the pool was great in August. The free parking was a great value - we didn't drive for 4 days.Our room was very cool and quiet (my sister stayed somewhere else for about $35 cheaper and her room was at 80 degrees the entire time and very loud). Granted, you could hear people come home a little tipsy on Saturday night...but it's New Orleans!The bed was comfy and the room in reasonably good repair. It had a fridge. The toilet did run and we reported it several times. As Texans, it pained us to see the water wasted. After a little while, we realized water is not so much a premium there!The front desk staff was very helpful. We only had coffee and croissants at the restaurant. They were pretty busy and I found the staff rather curt.All in all - a great experience. I suspect we will return.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>doc rich
<Content>Le Richelieu Delight Stayed in New Orleans for 3 nights during our driving trip through Tennessee, Mississippi and Louisiana. We chose Le Richelieu mainly because it had parking but were very pleased to find a delightful old style hotel full of character  charm. The staff were friendly  helpful with advice on restaurants  tours. The room was clean and comfortable with plenty of character, we knew we were staying in the French Quarter. The location was excellent in a quiet street a short walk from the bars, restaurants and other attractions of the French Quarter and within easy reach of the river tram line if you didn fancy the walk to Canal Street.This is a real French Quarter hotel in a quiet location with free parking, what more could you want?  
<Date>Jul 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>gayleg
<Content>Excellent stay at Le Richelieu I have just returned from a convention in New Orleans. My stay at Le Richelieu was first-rate. The recently redecorated room was very comfortable, the staff at the hotel were accommodating and helpful in every way, the restaurant food was good and the rate was reasonable. The hotel is located in the quiet end of the French Quarter and is well-located for very good restaurants. The Riverfront streetcar stop is close by and the French Market is two short blocks away. I highly recommend this hotel.New Orleans was a pleasure to visit--restaurants, clubs and shops are open and the charm of the city is still very much there.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Classic French Quarter My wife and I drove down from Ontario with 2 other couples, and Le Richelieu and the French Quarter far exceeded our expectations. It was our first time down to New Orleans and some of the earlier posts had us worried. No need, this is a beautiful, clean well run place. The rooms are classic, with there decor, comfortable beds and french doors leading to balconies with great views of the streets below. The air conditioning worked great as the temp reached 97 degrees. Staff was friendly and helpful. Courtyard and pool with bar and cafe was great. Despite it's classy appearence this hotel is casual and comfortable. We walked everywhere in the Quarter (even at night) and had no problems, as this hotel is close to everything. We left very happy, vowing to return; sadly only to hear a day latter the city was evacuating as Katrina approached. This city is to vital not to rebuild, and when it does, we will return. To the staff of Le Richelieu, Lafitte's Blacksmith Shoppe(bar) and Captain Cyrus of Lil cajun swamp tours...God Speed. Our phone calls have not made it through. Our thoughts and prayer go out to you and your families.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mbtran321
<Content>View from two college students on budget          King size bed - room with door to balcony  
<Date>Jul 31, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent place to stay Stayed at Le Richlieu for 6 days in early June and don't a have a negative thing to say about the experience. The rooms were large and spotless. The room had always been cleaned when we returned. The walk-in closet was fantastic and the bathrooms are great w/all the counter space and drawers. The staff is friendly and helpful w/o being overbearing. I won't stay anywhere else. Great location, close enough to walk but away from the noise of Bourbon St. We felt safe walking back to our room from Boubon and Frenchmen St. Talk to the satf, they have excellent recommendations for tours, restaurants and music (some which are better because they are off the beaten path).  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Ness3
<Content>Quiet, charming hotel My husband and I arrived at the Richelieu on July 16...what a pleasant surprise. The hotel is clean, the staff is very friendly, and the free parking can't be beat! We stayed in room 119 overlooking the swimming pool and it was a nice size King room with walk-in closets, 30 refrigerator, and a large bathroom with ample counter space. The room had high ceilings and a couple of chairs too. After staying at the Monteleone in the past, this room was gigantic! It smelled clean and yes, there was a water spot on the ceiling, but nothing to make you want to move rooms. Only downfalls....we had a beer at the small bar one afternoon and wasn't overly impressed with the beer choices, but hey, there are plenty of places to go in the FQ! Coffee in the morning was $2 a cup - seemed a little steep for having to walk to the restaurant to get it, but then again, no big deal! We would certainly return. We stayed out late some nights and felt safe walking to the hotel at night - we just ambled back to the hotel on Chartres and didn't have a problem.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Nigella_23
<Content>Beautiful hotel, lovely atmosphere, ok location Me and two of my friends went to the Essence Fest this year and stayed at La Richelieu. The hotel is about a 6 block walk to Bourbon and a trolley ride to The Riverwalk. The walk to Bourbon can be a little intense in heels ladies so it is just as easy to hop in a cab. The hotel is close to Jackson Square and the French Market though which was nice. There is a trolly station a block behind the hotel which can get you to the Riverwalk in no time. All in all, it is a great hotel! There were so many people in town for the festival it was nice to stay in a hotel not smack dab in the middle of everything. We partied hard, but also relaxed poolside and enjoyed the hospitatility and charm of the hotel. The staff was very friendly and the breakfast, oh my goodness, the breakfast was delicious. Essence Fest was off the hook so we will be returning next year, but might stay closer to Bourbon next time. If we can't get a hotel a little closer, then we have no problem booking our stay with La Richelieu again. You won't be disappointed.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Le Richelieu is the best! We just returned from yet another great stay at Le Richelieu. We travel to New Orleans on average a couple of times a year and never stay anywhere but Le Richelieu. The accommodations are great, the staff is friendly and helpful, the locatoin can't be beat, and the convenient, secure parking is a big plus! Plus it smells really good.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>scubadiver5
<Content>Fantastic place to stay in th Quarter       the bar area next to the pool  
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Noisey due to constrution When we 1st arrived the staff was very nice and coutesty, greeted us with a warm welcome. The hotel is a older one, however it was very clean and descent. It's a little further off the end of the french quarter. Not right in the heart of it. It actually was a good location because when you were ready to call it a night then you wouldn't hear all the hoopla. It's right by the flea market . We did have a problem on the 2nd night they were painting or doing some kind of construction which was very very very noisey to the point that we could not sleep . It was very annoying. We called front desk to complain about the noisy and they said that it should stop in about 20min well 20min turned into allday. When we checked out of the hotel we spoke to the manager about the noise and she was not so sympathetic. We were saying what happen to the people that we so courtesy when we check-in the other day.So that put a bad taste in our mouth about the hotel. When we go back in july for essence festival we will stay somewhere else.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Le Richelieu can't be beat A clean, comfortable quiet room in the Quarter, friendly and attentive service, parking included, and all at less than $100/night. No reason to look elsewhere.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>AlabamaYankee
<Content>Le Richelieu stay on 5/21-22 First trip ton NOLA and stayed over the weekend of 5/21-22. Even though the hotel is old, the room (#403) was clean, well kept and provided all the basic amenities (TV, refrig., iron, etc...). If you like firm beds this is the place! :-) The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. It is in the quiet side of the french quarter, which was really nice, but a bit far to walk to the other side of the french quarter if you are not wearing confortable shoes. Plus, the majority of guest are not in town to party so there were not any late night commotions. Was very happy with my experience and would have no problem recommending this hotel to friends and family.  
<Date>May 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>My Home away from home         
<Date>May 21, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dedesmom
<Content>Le Richelelieu was wonderful!!! We stayed at Le Richelieu, in the quiet part of the French Quarter and absolutely loved it! Our rooms faced Chartres St., which had some interesting homes...and in the early morning, watching the sunrise from our balcony was very beautiful. I was happy to have a ceiling fan along with the AC. Our room and the lobby had a lot of old elegant charm. We loved having a full size fridge and counter...we picked up fresh strawberries from the French Market (3 blocks away) every day. Pam and Linda, who worked at the front desk, were sooo helpful and friendly! Our rooms were always cleaned and ready for us whenever we came back. We don't have any negative things to say about this place at all. It was truly a great place to stay.  
<Date>May 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>roccgt
<Content>Grear hotel/value This is one of the larger hotels in the french/old quarter. Like most hotels in the 1/4, it is old, but is well maintained and clean. It is well located, near the French Market, and somewhat away from all the noise, etc. The big advantage with this hotel is the FREE parking lot adjacent to the hotel. Most 1/4 hotels charge about $20 per night for valet parking. I will definitely stay here again, assuming a good rate (paid $105/nite plus tax, for mid- may 2005, last minute, through hotel by phone). Oddity: This is the first hotel I have ever stayed where the people at the desk ask us to leave our room key at the front desk each time we left.  
<Date>May 16, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ciaradoris
<Content>Wonderful-would return and recommend I think I read every review on this hotel. My experience was excellent. I had room #119 which faced the pool and the window opened. From the moment I arrived at LeRichelieu I was 100% happy. The lobby was filled with art work and the reception personnel were extremely helpful. I didn't get a balcony room but had a comfortable king size bed. The room was pleasantly decorated with one wall of mirrors, and art on the walls. The closet was a walk-in and the bathroom was oversized. The room was spotless. There were heavy curtains that pulled closed for the evening and the room was very quiet. There was AC, a ceiling fan and a TV (no cable)--but by the time I got in every night I was exhausted from walking-so didn't watch TV anyway. There is a lovely pool area (well taken care of). Another plus for LeRichelieu was their restaurant. You could have breakfast inside or outside by the pool (what a nice touch). There was also a full sized bar. The location was perfect away from the maddening crowd and we stayed for 4 nights. What was interesting was the age group of people in the hotel. I would have to say that the average age was 45+. I would imagine that if you were on the first floor and did not face the pool that the room might be dark and dingy because you can't open the windows as they are right on the sidewalk. Just make sure to request an inside room. I had such a wonderful time in New Orleans and everyone was so hospitable. Oh, by the way, I booked this on hotels.com and even with that booking got a great room. If you go, stay at the LeRichelieu and you won't be disappointed.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ladyfrommiami
<Content>Don't Stay at Le Richelieu After reading all about this hotel on Tripadvisor and other places, we booked a room here for 3 nights. Asked for a quiet room facing the courtyard. Was told that it wouldn't be a problem since all double/doubles face the courtyard. Well, I was shown the room when we arrived. It was on the ground floor right on a street. We were told that this was the ONLY room available. Very small. The closet door opened into the bed. (seems that they block out rooms and don't allow for any changes) Fortunately, we were able to get a room at the Dauphine Orleans where we had a very enjoyable time.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2005
<Rating>1	3	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice quiet spot with great location       Le Richelieu front view  
<Date>Apr 1, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>vtdukes
<Content>A Bit Seedy We stayed at Le Richelieu the first of March. We had stayed there before and found it unique and charming. I'm afraid that since then there has been absolutely nothing done to the place so that now it seems seedy and depressing. It comes with no amenities--not even coffee. I don't know when I have stayed in a room that didn't have a coffeepot. I asked for one--they sent me up a pot right away but I was told it didn't come with coffee. I went to the lobby for a cup and they charged me $2. All the employees seemed old and tired and somewhat rude. Our air conditioner did not work so we had to sleep with the door to the balcony open. It was rather loud at night. The price of the room is somewhat of a bargain but next time I will pay a little more for a lot nicer room.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel We stayed at Le Richelieu from 3/5/05 - 3/9/05 while visiting New Orleans. It was a nice hotel, showed it's age, but that's how the French Quarter is. It was very close to all the tourist attractions (Bourbon St, French Market, Jackson Square). It was also ona residential street which made for a relaxing, quiet stay. Another couple we traveled with actually moved to Le Richelieu since their hotel was across from a jazz club that was loud until 5am. The front desk staff was very helpful. Price was a little steep, even on the discount sites, but I'd probably stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>RunnerGirl
<Content>Very Nice hotel in quiet section of FQ We stayed at LeRicheleau on 3/6 and 3/7. It is a very quaint hotel with a charming courtyard. The staff was very nice and the hotel very clean. It is in a quiet area of the French Quarter but walking distance to about anything we needed. French Market, Jackson Square, Streetcars, Bourbon Street. We really enjoyed our stay.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Hyndland Traveller
<Content>Great Location Great location - in the French Quarter but not too close to Bourbon Street etc. Visited with children and had interconnecting rooms overlooking the courtyard and pool - ideal. Light meals also good value. Decor a bit tired. Very handy fo breakfast at the Croissant D'or which is unmissable.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>y2flu
<Content>Dark and dingy... Although the lobby is OK, the rooms are dark and and not clean. Hallway carpets throughout the hotel are stained with residue and old dirt, gum, etc. The only benefit is that you don't have to pay for parking. Still, for the price, there are much better and nicer places to stay (Le Pavillon, for one).  
<Date>Jan 24, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Location All the medium posts I agree with--it is outdated but they are very helpful and it's very well located while still quiet. The beds and bedding are good, and that's important.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SommerWind
<Content>Clean  Very helpful staff We had a really pleasant stay here in the quieter, residential section of the French Quarter. The rooms are basic but clean and comfortable. The sink faucet did operate a little strangely, but other than that, everything was fine. Room service is inexpensive and the food was good. The French Market is two blocks away as is the streetcar stop, which can take you to the shops at Riverwalk and various stops in between. It's only $1.25 and the cars come regularly. Cafe DuMonde and Jackson Square are also just a few blocks away -- as is Bourbon Street. Cabs are plenty and inexpensive if you don't feel like walking.A note of interest: on the same block as the hotel is the St. Ursuline Convent -- which is allegedly haunted. Found out about it on Lord Chaz's walking tour. If you're interested in the city's haunted history, don't miss it. He was fantastic!Overall, we were happy with our stay at LeRichelieu. The staff, as others have noted, are friendly and extremely helpful. They took the time to give us recommendations and tips to make our stay even better. For the personal attention, good value, and clean atmosphere, I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2004
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Quiet yet Central This was a good find in the French Quarter. Unlike the hotels on and around Bourbon Street - it was quiet and relaxing, yet it was just a two block walk to the French Market and the Riverside Trolley. It has a nice central courtyard with a pool and a small bar. Parking is available on site. On the downside, the rooms look circa 1960 in the roadside motel tradition. They were clean though, so I cannot complain. I slept well every night and enjoyed my stay very much.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful! I spent 5 days at Le Richelieu for a tradeshow this week and found it absolutely charming. The exterior and lobby are stunning. The bar/cafe is reasonably priced and the food good, especially the biscuits. The view of the courtyard and pool while dining is great.The staff is top notch. I spend 50+ nights a year in hotels and have not found a more helpful front desk staff.The rooms show some age, but as the owner of an old home I love the tile bath. Yes, the TV is older than me, but with Bourbon Street so close and Cafe Du Monde just minutes away, I honestly never turned it on.Everything in my room was clean and the daily service kept it spotless. The pillows were especially nice and I am quite picky about my pillows.In all, a terrific stay. If you are looking for a great experience at a good value, I highly recommend Le Richelieu.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good room, Good rate, GREAT LOCATION, FREE off-street parking- Need I say more?! We stayed at Le Richelieu the last week of Sept. The location was wonderful. It was within blocks of Jackson Square and we felt very safe walking in the area at night. The hotel was nice too. It's not super fancy and it is very old, but what isn't in the french quarter.......I liked it. Eventhough we didn't have a balcony, we had these great doors in our room that opened up to a very pretty view of the quarter. We had a refrigerator in our room which was nice too. The water pressure could have been better in the shower, but we always had plenty of clean towels. I also liked the large closet. The free off street parking was a major plus. As soon as we parked, the parking security guy made sure we were hotel guests, which made us feel that our car was safe. At first I was bummed that L.R. didn't offer contenental breakfast, but I got over that really quick after realizing how close Cafe Du Monde was.....I wouldn't want to be anywhere else for breakfast anyway. The Le Richelieu really is a great deal for the price and we will most definately stay there again next time we come to New Orleans.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Romantic 25th wedding anniversary We stayed at Le Richelieu over Labor Day and had a wonderful time. We were celebrating our 25th wedding anniversary and wanted to go back to the hotel we had visited 18 years ago for our 2nd honeymoon. We were not disappointed. It seemed in better shape this time than in 1986. For us the Richelieu is like an oasis of peace and good manners in the rowdy party that the French Quarter can be. It is easy walking distance to the heart of the quarter (Bourbon Street, the shops on Royal, Jackson Square, the French Market and the River) even at midnight. It is on a quiet residential street so you can get away from the throngs on Bourbon Street. We took a taxi once to a retaurant near the convention center, but we walked home after spending some time along the way. Keep in mind that this is a hotel in a historic district. with strict rules about development. The hotel opened in 1969, but the buildings date to the 1840s so don't expect everything to be brand new. That isn't the point. If you want to stay in a hotel where you can actually tell that you are in New Orleans, not by the noise or partying, but by the graciousness of the staff and the richness of the decor, stay here. I recommend it to my friends and family.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Wonderful Place to Stay in the French Quarter! If you want to experience New Orleans charm, then Le Richelieu is the place to stay. It is not your typical hotel chain. It exudes charm and is tastefully decorated. The hotel staff was exceptionally helpful, the rooms were clean, and the A/C worked just fine for relief from the hot and humid August days. You can walk to the French Market, Bourbon Street, and other spots in no time.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JohannR
<Content>Location, location, location If you would like to stay in the French quarter, choose this one. The hotel is conveniently located on the boarder of French quarter, with easy access from all directions (interstate, us highways) and free on-site parking, still the French quarter itself is easily accessible, with all sights in walking distance. The hotel itself is charming, with nicely decorated rooms, a romantic courtyard with swimming pool and a good restaurant, e.g. for having breakfast there. All that at very reasonable rates. Definitely a recommendation for tourists.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>kahb1
<Content>We Weren't Disappointed! After researching many hotels, my husband and I decided on Le Richelieu for our vacation in sweltering June 04. Reservationist was friendly and the rate was reaasonable - we paid about $110 per night including taxes. The hotel was easy to find, and is the only hotel in the French Quarter with a large free on-site parking lot, which was a huge plus. The building was attractive and appeared well-maintained. The cosy courtyard has a smallish pool, but plenty of tables to eat outside or enjoy a Sazerac cocktail. The interior is decorated in the classic old New Orleans style - comfortably worn with interesting historical pictures and documents lining the walls. At check in, my requested balcony room was not available - but we did get a non-smoking room with refrigerator. We stayed in room 115, with a lovely view overlooking the parking lot. The room was large and actually had at one time been an apartment, as there was a kitchenette with a sink and non-functioning stove along with the fridge. The front desk delivered a coffeemaker and sugar, etc. immediately upon request. The bathroom was adequate with a standard sink, toilet, and shower set-up. The air-conditioning worked fantastic, but could be switched off if desired. The windows opened which was nice to listen to the rain. The hotel requires you to drop off the key whenever you leave. I am familiar with this as it is done in England this way, but I have read other reviews where guests thought it was inconvenient. We thought it was cool - no need to carry your key and gave you a chance to chat with the folks at the front desk. There is a cute small bar on-site. They do serve food which looked good, but we never had a chance to eat there. If you want to stay at a hotel that captures the essence of New Orleans, this is it. If you are wanting a modern hotel and like everything to be new, keep looking. We loved our stay and wouldn't hesitate to stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Comfortable hotel I stayed at this hotel durring the 4th weekend. I thought that everything was comfortable no problems with our room or the service. I even thought that the room stayed nice and cool for the air condition to be a little outdated. We stayed on the 2nd floor with a balcany. I was satisfied with my room and my stay. The le richlerue is a castle compared to Hotel royal which my sister in law stayed in and she was in tears when she came to my room at the le rich. The staff was nice and informative at le rich and if i would ever stay in the french quarter i would stayhere agin .  
<Date>Jul 13, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Old World Charm; more like Old Outdated Hotel The outside of the hotel is was beautiful it was two block from bourbon street the very end of bourbon street in which we had to walk in 3 or 4 blocks to get to the bars, but that wasn't anything maior we got to walk off the food and booze, but inside the guestrooms it was very outdated the TV channels did not work the whole 5 days we stayed the blankets on the bed were filthy, the bathrooms definitely needs to be upgraded; mold on the shower heads and around the tub, I travel A LOT so I have comparisons and believe me the Le Richilieu is the worst hotel I have ever been in I will not be staying there ever again and this is my second time in New Orleans, the first time we stayed at the Dauphine Orleans, that was a nicer hotel and I believe they gave the dauphine less stars than Le Richilieu  
<Date>Jul 10, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Gross I traveled with my 5 friends and we stayed in Le Richelieu over the 4th of July weekend. This is our second trip to New Orleans. We stayed last time in the Dauphine. It was splendid hotel. First let me say the staff at the Richelieu was generally nice and helpful. Check in was painless and we were given 2 rooms next to each other. The meals we ate in the hotel restaurant were fine. The Richelieu needs major renovation. One, the Elevator is a death trap. If you press the floor before everyone is in the elevator the doors slams on you. One friend got crunched in the doors. Two, half of the t.v. channels didn't work (possibly because the t.v. is older than I am). Three, the wall paper in the bathroom has specks of black mold behind it and the tiles were slightly moldy. They should really re-caulk. The rugs need major shampooing. My friend would not sleep with her bed spread on the bed because there was a snotty boaga on it. I checked my bed spread and found a skid mark (very brown and very suspicious). At least the sheets were clean I just wanted to point out I know for a fact that they do not clean the bed spreads in between guest. Very nasty and I won't be going back. I don't mind it not being luxurious but the dirty bed spreads did it for me! Gross!  
<Date>Jul 10, 2004
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>phillysis
<Content>needs renovation! I was booked at this hotel for 4 nights fromJuly 1, 2004 thru July 5,2004 for the EssenceMusic Festival.I previously stayed at this hotel in 1998 forthe same reason and was pleased.This time around, however, the stay was just ok. The room I was in, room 305, hada perpetual musty odor. No matter howmuch perfume I sprayed or even afteropening the the french door, it still smelledmusty. I dont know if it is because of New Orleansheat, humidity or rain or because of the oldair conditioner, but that musty smell aggravatedmy hay fever.The room was clean, but the bed skirt hadmysterious stains and I NEVER slept in thebed, only ON it.The rate was affordable $150.00 per nightwith tax and the location is a good one...close enough to Bourbon street but withoutthe noise. It is two blocks from the farmersmarket and the french market.The hallways are rather dark and dingy. Theantiques is really just old furniture. The whole place needs refurbishing.I'll book far enough in advance to be ableto stay at a more modern hotel. Also, one of the most irritating rules of the hotel is that you must give your room keyto the front desk whenever you leave the hoteland ask for it when you come back. They onlyask for your name upon your return and dont ask for id...so I'm not surprised that a guest has something stolen from their room. I've neverheard of a hotel asking for a guest's room key.Although, I'll stay somewhere else, this hotelserved its purpose...a place to lay my head andget a shower.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2004
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>morgan
<Content>Great place to stay It was our first visit to New Orleans in sept 2002It's an experience we'll never forget. The staff at the hotel were really warm, friendly and so helpful with great ideas of places to visit.The rooms were clean and the food was great.We have no complaint about this hotel, it's set in a great location.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A really pleasant hotel in a lovely part of the quarter I stayed at the Richelieu a few years ago, and very much enjoyed it. The rooms are kind of motel-ordinary, but the little lobby was very cool, with its portrait of the hotel's namesake, and boxes for room keys. There was also a nice courtyard with pool. The hotel's main attraction, I would think, would be its location near some very nice shops on Royal Street and to the French Market. This is the quietest and most pleasant part of the Quarter, and well away from the madness of Bourbon Street.  
<Date>May 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful! This is a wonderful little gem in the French Quarter! We were in New Orleans May 4-9, 2004 and it was one of the most enjoyable visits I've had there. Le Richelieu was quiet and so very charming! The staff was incredibly friendly and helpful with whatever we needed. The room was spotless and much to our liking. I would definitly recommend this place to anyone anytime!!!!!  
<Date>May 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Le_Dap
<Content>Great atmosphere in the French Quarter My wife and I stayed here with friends in a two bed suite over Jazz Fest. We enjoyed the atmosphere of Le Richelieu enormously and liked both the helpful staff and the spacious accommodation. The 'kitchen' was a slight disappointment as there were no plates, cutlery or utensils and the cooker was permanently disconnected. For us, the location was ideal, being in a quieter part of the French Quarter but within easy walking distance of the 'action' on Bourbon Street. The proximity of the Palm Court Jazz Cafe and Coops' lively bar is a bonus.  
<Date>May 12, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mshollywood
<Content>Excellent hotel warm friendly New Orleans Style As a Travel Agent, I look for places for my clients to stay and enjoy the experiences of the destinations they choose. This hotel is a small friendly feeling of the local New Orleans Style. The staff is friendly, the mood is intimate. The courtyard is private and there is free secure parking. It's not unlikely to see locals visiting the small resturant/bar and the feeling of upscale surrounds you. It may not have the gift shops, the variety of resturants, fitness centers, or hair salons, but if your wanting that sort of vacation, then the marriott type hotel is for you. Personally, when I go on vacation or a quick get-a-way, I have my hair and nails done, the massage, and facial, before I leave home. I don't like to waste my time doing the things I can have done in my own town. As for shops, New Orleans, is full of resturants, gift shops, antique shops and just about anything else you are looking for. The staff will guide you thru finding the best and safest route to get to those places and give you lists of resturants you can choose from. If you don't stay at this hotel, you will never have the opportunity to experience a Great Hotel! If it's good enough for the stars to visit then I think it's good enough for me and my clients!  
<Date>Apr 20, 2004
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Airport Privy or Hotel Room? April 2004 I am not sure what is worse. A hotel that caters only to the chain smoker or the toilet mint deodorant used to try to mask the smell for non-smokers. Truly skeeved out. The entire floor, room, linens, drapes, everything smelled like an airport privy. Add the wafting cigarette smoke from multiple rooms and voila, a dive hotel is born. You can get much more for your $$ in New Orleans - we chose the place for the free parking and location. While the location and indeed the staff were nice - (and they were) the place has got to clean up its act. But they will have to start with tearing out the carpeting given that the stink is so strong. Not sure about the other floors or suites - but our experience was a bad one. We smelled both the smoke and toilet mint off our clothes several hours after we had checked out.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very pleased with LeRichelieu Just returned from a six night stay in New Orleans. We found LeRichelieu a very pleasant, comfortable and quiet hotel. Everything worked and the staff were most courteous and answered our questions thoroughly. Trolley stop nearby was a great bonus!! A very nice hotel for the rate!!  
<Date>Mar 22, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Laid Back I love the historic French quarter. The hotel has a different feel than most hotel in New Orleans. It is in the more quiet part and not commercialized. No hype, just a good hotel that is not overpriced. Couldn't be more happy with the stay and would recommend this place to everyone. Not kid friendly though.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pearl necklace was stolen! I don't think I've ever written a negative review before, but I think it's important for people to know that my pearl necklace was stolen from my room when I stayed at Le Richelieu. Although it probably wasn't worth more than a couple hundred dollars, it had a lot of sentimental value. In retrospect, it was probably negligent of me to leave it in my suitcase in my room, however, I thought the hotel was reputable and safe. When I told the management that it was missing, they said all their employees were very trustworthy, and they were actually a bit rude. They seemed to imply I had somehow lost it. This was about 3 years ago, so hopefully things have improved since then! While this is a beautiful hotel in a great location, I would be very careful about keeping valuables under lock and key!  
<Date>Mar 9, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sf123
<Content>Great location, not frillls hotel We spent 4 nights at Le Richelieu - 2 days pre and post cruise late January/early February of this year. I would give this hotel a so-so rating. The price and location were great! However, this is definitely a no-frills hotel. A coffee maker in the room would have been a very welcome addition! The worst part was the cigarete smoke smell in everything - the lobby, the towels, bed linens - yuck! However, we did not change hotels on our return from the cruise, so it was something we just put up with. I don't think we could have got a better hotel for the price and location. I would recommend this hotel only to those who are very price - conscious.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location and Staff, and a Perfect 25th! My wife and I booked the anniversary suite nearly a year in advance to celebrate our 25th anniversary, and we weren't disappointed. A bottle of champagne awaited us, and the room - with its pair of French doors overlooking the quiet end of the French quarter - made a welcoming and comfortable headquarters for touring. The front-desk staff were especially courteous and professional, even setting us up with their favorite waiter for an unforgettable night at Antoine's that included a personal guided tour of the entire premises. To top it all off, even during peak season the rates are competitive with a king room anywhere near the business district or Bourbon street. We can't wait to return to New Orleans, and will definitely book the Richelieu when we do.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel, Staff and Location We stayed at the Le Richelieu in February and had a great stay. There were twelve of us on a long weekend and everyone had a wonderful stay. The staff was the best! Very helpful and friendly. They arranged tours and made very good recommendations for places to visit and eat. We extended for two additional days and moved to a suite. The location worked very well as we walked to the busy end of the French Quarter to offset the great food available in N O. We will return to Le Richelieu.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A very disappointing return to this hotel, never again In 2002, I and another couple had stayed here, and were quite pleased with the large rooms, the friendly staff, the free parking, and the nice location away from the wilder part of the Quarter. Therefore, without qualms I booked a two room suite for December 2003 for my honeymoon. What a mistake! Here are a few highlights: The tables were never cleaned in the rooms, and showed glass water marks throughout our stay; the bathmat was removed after use and not replaced; when room service was used, the waiter dropped a danish on the floor and then put it on the plate and gave it back to us (maybe he did us a favor, as the rest of the food was pretty much inedible); one of the two beds was very uncomfortable and lumpy; the water pressure in the shower was low; the elevator would close on you very quickly and not bounce away like most do if they catch you (and my poor husband with a cast was hit by those doors so many times!); the plastic flowers in the room looked like they hadn't been dusted since the place was built; and, wouldn't you think with us spending over a thousand dollars for a few nights, someone could have said Congratulations on the wedding? Instead we didn't even get a smile! And believe me, we aren't whiners and complainers, and this is the only negative review on a hotel I have ever written, but it is still bothering me over a month later, that we threw away more money than some top hotels were asking, to have such an unpleasant stay when things should have been so memorable (in a good way!). What was once retro and charming has become overpriced and threadbare. We'll be staying elsewhere our next visit - despite this hotel, New Orleans is a magical city!  
<Date>Jan 28, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hated the cocktails Hello...concierge!!! What about the promised complimentary cocktails (of which were watered down and not up to Southern Standards, even by Georgia standards!!). Oh, and don't even think about trying to sneak extra people into a room...remember what happened to Paul McCartney.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Allen727286
<Content>A fine place to stay La Richelieu was adequate and serviceable. Having visited the Quarter last year and stayed at one end, we wanted to stay at the other end of the Quarter. The location near the French Market in a quiet area was great. The parking was very convenient and made accessibility to the car a real plus. The room was fine. It was consistent with other hotels at this level. The front desk was nice and welcoming. If you want a good room and location without expecting the hotel to add much or detracting from your stay, La Richelieu works well.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2004
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Le Richelieu -- good value for your money The Saints were playing at home when I went looking for what otherwise would have been great Papa Noel rates at higher-end properties like the Fairmont; I chose Le Richelieu for two reasons: the price ($115/night -- far less of a price gouging than other FQ hotels that weekend) and the location (quiet and relatively tourist-free part of town, but an easy walk to everything else). The staff provided me with a warm greeting each time I approached. Really great customer service in general. I had a large room on the third floor. The bed was large and comfortable, the writing desk/drawers/TV were garden-variety hotel amenities. I liked the wall color but not the mirrors on one wall that were there, I'm assuming, to make the room look larger. (I tend to appreciate the coziness of a smaller room; I guess some folks like to feel they are in a suite when they aren't.) There was an immense walk-in closet with a mini-fridge. Next to that, and immediately to the right upon entry to the room, was the very clean bathroom. Unlike other people who have posted here, I didn't find the room to be dirty or smelly or otherwise unpleasant. But then, it's really my view that smells and cleanliness or lack thereof are much more tomato/tomahto individual things, rather than tangible the TV didn't work problems.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MissKitty
<Content>Okay -- but I would love to have given this hotel five stars, but there were so many little things that were disappointing. First of all, the staff was great. The on-site, free parking is wonderful. The location of the hotel is perfect -- at the quiet end of the French Quarter, yet near many overlooked and fascinating sights, such as the Ursuline Convent, the old restaurants on Decatur (Tujaque's, Cafe Sbisa, Central Grocery, etc.), the French Market, and Irene's Cuisine (our favorite).We were in town on a quiet weekend, and were upgraded to the Paul McCartney Suite, which was quite nice. Very spacious, a full kitchen, decent bathroom, separate bedroom, and a full balcony that overlooked Chartres Street. We paid $175, which is about half of the normal charge for that suite.However, Paul McCartney must have stayed there many years ago, because the room hasn't been upgraded in over a decade. There is no place to plug in a laptop and get online, except by perching on the side of the bed and balancing it on one knee. The carpeting was too dingy for us to walk around barefoot or in socks, and there was no microwave, coffee maker, or any utensils at all in the kitchen, which made it rather useless. Room service was fast and reasonably priced, but the food was limited to breakfast and sandwiches. The bar downstairs was nice and cozy, but the bartender seemed more interested in flirting with the single women than in serving the boring old married couple at the bar. While the balcony was great, we had to climb through a window to get to it, and there were no chairs or anything out there, so it wasn't much of a perk.For the same price, we could have gotten a full suite at the Windsor Court, and I'm sure many other hotels. We weren't unhappy, but I was really hoping for much more, and with so many choices in New Orleans, I doubt that we'll go back here again.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2004
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>TashaLin
<Content>A perfect time We stayed in a 2 bedroom suite in December, 2004 for a family trip - The Mom, 2 Daughters and a Son - A celebration for our Mom's 80th birthday. The hotel staff was wonderful. The rooms were perfect for a family. Lots of room and especially closet room. And a full size refrigerator. And having the self parking so convenient was a real plus! Would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Jan 12, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Warm and Welcoming Experience That I Would Repeat I would disagree with some of the negative reviews posted. The staff of the hotel was awesome, actually much better than at some of the more expensive hotels. We visit New Orleans 2-3 times per year and have stayed at hotels such as The Monteleone, The Royal Sonesta and The Hilton. I would actually rate the Hilton lowest. It was cookie cutter boring and without flavor. The Richelieu staff warmly greeted us everytime we came in. I found it very nostalgic that they still used real keys that were attached to these large paddle like key chains that you left at the desk whenever leaving the hotel. While the rooms were a little dark and the air conditioner didn't work well, we loved the personality and service afforded. The bar was small and personal and you were treated as if you were family. I would recommend the hotel without reservation.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>dark and smelly! After spending a wonderful night at a Fairmont hotel in another city, let me just say that this was a major leap down! The hotel smells bad. Our room smelled heavily of mold and cigarette smoke. We stayed there for well over a week yet we were put into a tiny sub-par room on the second floor. The door to the room didn't seem to lock securely and we didn't like the fact that we had to turn over our key to the hotel staff everytime we wanted to leave the hotel. The cleaning staff didn't do a great job and it looks like certain parts of the room (behind all pieces of furniture) hadn't been cleaned in a year. The rooms are in a severe need of FULL renovations. I had a difficult time charging my cell phone because the power outlets were not polarized, or were extremely worn out so the plug would not stay in. The hotel staff members weren't the friendliest.. I think people mistake their snooty attitudes for friendliness. The only good thing about this hotel (giving it 2 points, instead of 1) was the location. It was quiet, yet near many major attractions.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2004
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dark and creepy The hotel and room were cramped and dark. Everything reeked of mold and cigarette smoke. Maybe some people consider this character, but I found the place creepy and uncomfortable. Our window looked into a brick wall and the heater rattled noisily. The final straw was when I reached for the doorknob and almost grabbed a large cockroach. When we notified the desk that we would be leaving prematurely, they did not even ask why. Maybe for 40 bucks a night I would have put up with it, but there are plenty of nicer hotels for the same price in the Quarter.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Experience at the Le Richelieu Came to town on the spur of the moment over New Years and found that rooms were in short supply. Found the hotel by accident but was glad to have done so. It was a wonderful experience. The hotel staff were the best that I've ever seen, friendly, helpful and very knowledgeable. The room, while small was well done and the service was excellent. Would definitely go back.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>goanyday
<Content>Free parking, great service and good location. Dec 28  29 2003. Our first visit to NOLA and Le Richelieu made it quite enjoyable! Excellent service provided by a friendly, knowledgeable staff. We asked many questions about restaurants, attractions, directions, etc. and the staff provided answers and helpful hints that really helped us enjoy our stay. 2 minor problems with our room were repaired immediately. Our room was very clean and had all the amenities one could reasonably expect. In the event I ever return to New Orleans I will stay at this hotel. It was very convenient to the trolley car which made all of the french quarter easily accessible. Free parking is a definite plus. I drove in and got out of my car. I didn't have to hand over my keys to anyone. There is 24 hour a day security protecting your car. Our room was booked at a special internet rate, but we didn't feel that we got stuck in the worst room in the place. It was clean, comfortable and cozy. If this place was good enough for Paul McCartney it was good enough for us.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mspaddler
<Content>Good Parking but......... We stayed here for 3 nights the week before Christmas. The best thing that can be said about this hotel is the parking. It is great to be able to just get in your car and drive and on this trip it allowed us to visit ante-bellum homes on the River Road, restaurants in the Garden District and battle sites without the hassle and expense of valet parking. That been said, we asked for a King sized bedroom but were told because we had the Papa Noel rate that couldn't be certain. When I asked for the King sized bedroom on check in (the hotel was no where near full) I was told no but I would like the room anyway as it had a kitchenette. Well, there had been a kitchenette sometime in the past, a stove, refrigerator and sink were present. However, only the refrigerator was in working condition, the stove was disconnected and the sink only had hot water. The room was at best only average even taking into account that rooms in the Quarter tend to be on the small size.The week before Christmas is a great time for visiting NOLA. The hotel rates are some the lowest of the year, we could have done much better than the Le Richelieu. Suffice to say in future we will be paying for parking!  
<Date>Dec 28, 2003
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved Le Richelieu! We only stayed for 2 nights (12/5 - 12/7) at Le Richelieu but we had a wonderful time and would highly recommend this hotel to anyone travelling to N.O. The staff was so friendly and we really loved our room. Can't wait to return when we have more time and when the weather is better!! Highly recommended.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Stay Stayed in Le Richeliue my wedding night. I know Nerw Orleans extremely well having lived there for 10 years. We found Le Richelieu to be great. The package was well worth it. The service is excellent. They had our luggage and champagne waiting for us in the room as we arrived from the limo. The parking lot was a big plus and the security was reassuring.Thanks for the memories.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>trixink
<Content>Finally...a great stay in the French Quarter What a great surprise!! In particular, Le Richelieus staff was friendly, attentive and helpful. This was such rare breath of fresh air considering many previous French Qtr stays at overpriced and underserviced hotels. Our room, while slightly worn around the edges, was very comfortable with access to the first floor balconyand to notethe bathroom was rather spacious. The location is great, and within easy effort of the French Market, public transit and the quieter side of the Quarter. I will certainly keep Le Richelieu at the top of my list for future stays!  
<Date>Oct 27, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wchambosse
<Content>Wonderful staff My daughter and I spent 5 nights at the Le Rich on our first trip to New Orleans. We could not have picked a better place to stay. The staff was great, all recomendations were right on the mark. The room was clean, quite and well keep. The neighborhood was also very cool, giving you both of the New Orleans. We were told to be carefull east of the hotel but we felt very safe and ended up doing laundry in a bar with a cool blues band playing while eating burgers, where else can you do that. Try some pizza a block south of the hotel. The price provided great value and included parking and that proved to be a big plus. Unless you are looking for turn down and chocolates you wont do better!  
<Date>Sep 20, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Happy with our choice This was our first visit to N.O.. I did many hours of research, searching for the perfect hotel. I'm satisfied that I picked the right one. It is really very charming, the room was great, large with high (12') ceilings. Nothing's really new (at all) but to us that is partly the source of the charm. The folks at the desk were super nice and helpful, especially the weekday staff. The weekend had some greener folks who weren't as steeped in the ways of hospitality, but they were ok. Soniat house across the street looks really beautiful, but it's more $$$ and no pool besides. Le Rich is a bit off the main drag but that just means you have a very enjoyable walk through very beautiful surroundings. The more centrally located hotels definitely seemed to have more of a drunken lout issue. Safety frankly is a bit of an issue at night; the fact is the whole quarter is a bit intimidating at night, wherever the crowds are not. Pool was great; refreshing. Food service is definitely nothing to get excited about. Don't plan on eating here.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrific time!!!!   showReview(1262624, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Clean, Quiet Spot in the French Quarter   showReview(1259929, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect Location...   showReview(1257397, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Le Richelieu (A+)   showReview(1135884, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 14, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Couldn't get any better.   showReview(1118159, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 28, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Celticdawn
<Content>good choice   showReview(930358, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 6, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ladycat
<Content>A fantastic hotel   showReview(908636, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 5, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>looked great compared to Lamothe House   showReview(838818, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 20, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Service great, rooms......?   showReview(833830, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 6, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Had a Great Time   showReview(496825, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 4, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Loeiza
<Content>Bel emplacement   showReview(20037709, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>A_New_Orleans_addict
<Content>Dans l'esprit de La Nouvelle-Orlans !       Rception  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>MONICA5555
<Content>Encantador, perfectamente localizado y personal muy amable       dormitorio  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BertQuebec
<Content>Charmant endroit   showReview(17795048, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	3	5	5	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Geniale Lage moderater Preis free parking   showReview(17439632, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Confortable mais un peu surann   showReview(14733716, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Jederzeit wieder!   showReview(11303524, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Trs bon accueil de Jim !   showReview(11334470, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

