<Author>TravelinDre
<Content>Very Disappointed! My fianc茅 and I are extremely disappointed in this hotel. First of all, we went the same weekend as a Dallas Cowboy football game and were surprised that it was not staffed properly for that weekend. There was a very long wait to check-in to our room, and the front desk was very crowded and disorganized. The bar was a crazy mess, completely disorganized and dysfunctional there was a 20 minute wait for drink, we did take into mind that it was a game weekend but still no excuse. Second, when we called the hotel several weeks prior to check-in, the hotel staff told us that they had a free shuttle to and from Texas Stadium (which is one of the reason why we booked). When we got to the hotel they alerted us that it would be $12 per person for the shuttle to and from the stadium (cheaper to take a cab). To top it off, there was construction going on at the hotel and we woke up in the morning to the sounds of hammering and drills. With no warning!! And most importantly, on the day that we left the hotel, we had the hotel bell desk hold our luggage so that we could get some breakfast before heading to the airport. When we got back to the hotel to get our luggage, the staff had sent our luggage with someone else to the airport. Talk about a shocker, I got so nervous thinking we would never see our suitcase with the contents again. However, they retuned the luggage after about 30 minutes. But with no remorse, not even a simply 鈥渟orry, our mistake鈥? The shuttle driver that drove us to the airport was more apologetic then the manager who told us about our missing luggage. Too bad, the hotel itself was nice enough for us to stay again but this experience and the hotel staff and the way they function completely ruined it for us.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	3	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>brit-us-sports
<Content>not bad was staying here as part of a sports tour for the cowboys game and for the stars game at the aa arena. The pickup from the airport was ok and very quick and they also took you for free for a 3 mile radius and that included Texas stadium and also to the TRE station. On game day there is a charge for them taking you to the game and back. and this starts 3 hours before the game and upto 2 hours afterwards. (when asked about next year at the new stadium they advised that it is being looked into). They advised that there were renovations going on but was not distubed by them and i left the air con on during the day and didnt need it overnight. Staff were very friendly and helpful and the breakfast was excellant. There are 30 resurants in the area as well as a couple of gentlemen clubs and a number of asian massage places. You really need a car to get around or a good knowledge of the local transport system. I used the TRE to go downtown and also out to the Stockyards at Fort worth. Beds were comfortable and there was a good supply of different pillows to use. Walls i found were no more thinner then any other hotel.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>lalotp
<Content>More bad than good Check in was great.Shuttle service is great except on weekends when they ususally have college teams stay here and then al lthe attention goes to groups and not family nor individual travelers.There is availability of adult programming on the TVs, but don't weaste your money. The walls are very thin so you can hear EVERYTHING!!!! I mean, you can almost see the couple in the next room doing it. Man, something really wild was going on, I thnk I even heard a dog bark...It can be very entertaining. :)In the AM... (Let me tell you that I am a sound sleeper) Even though I was very tired, I could not sleep past 7AM. Noise coming in form everywjhere...people leaving, doors slamming, vacuum cleaners and people talking. It was unbelievably clear as if they all were next to my bed.Ac in the room is very noisy... I think the same is in all rooms. You set the ac to your desired temp, but about every 15 minutes it will run into gear loudly for 5 minutes... Then you will have that 4 times per hour throughout the night. It should be fine if you are not going to be in the room that much or you don't plan to sleep at all. :)Good things: Coffe makerHOUSEKEEPING IS SUPERB!!! NICE PEOPLE AND VERY ATTENTIVE. great soap, work desk and fridge in room, comfortable beds, shuttle services Mon-Thursday.Not much to do around the hotel unless you have a car.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	3	4	5	4	4	

<Author>FL_Traveler_2007
<Content>Not bad The purpose of our trip was to go to the Dallas Cowboys game (Vs. Eagles, Monday night game)...Pros:- Free shuttle service to/from airport, free shuttle anywhere within 5-mile radius is free - bed  pillows were comfortable- free happy hour from 5PM - 6:30PM- free breakfast buffet (good variety)- bathroom goodies are from Bath  Body works (smell good) - clean hotel overall- friendly staff- enjoyable experience Cons:- A/C is very loud, its a unit next to the window it goes on and off every few seconds, its annoying- there's not much to do in the area, only chain restaurants, 1 nudity bar and couple clubs that look pretty boringIf we were to go back, we would most likely stay for 1 night meaning fly in, go to the game, sleep at hotel and fly out next morning back home. We went Downtown where the aquarium is located, not much there, reataurants and a couple stores. The shuttle also took us to World Trade center although since we are not vendors we can't shop there, its only for vendors and you buy things in bulk. Perhaps since we didn't have our own car we didn't get to see/do much, maybe that would have made a difference, I can't believe that there is not much to do in Dallas, its a big town..Maybe next time.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	3	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Foovius
<Content>Being renovated; not horrible You can probably discount the really negative reviews from 2007, as the Elegante is under new management and is being renovated in mid-2008. The hotel isn't great, but it's not terrible either. The A/Cs are on the wall, not central, so they're rather loud, but the rooms are clean, with good free Internet (about 1700 kbps, not fast, but faster than most U.S. hotels I've been in lately). Clean, carpet, decent decor, small refrigerator and microwave oven. Clean, new bedding and reasonably comfortable beds.This part of Dallas is full of cheap chain restaurants. Not pretty, but convenient to DFW if, like me, you're stuck in bad weather (summer lightning thunderstorms) and having to spend an extra unplanned night in Dallas. The hotel was good about sending shuttles to DFW to pick up folks, and scheduling them back to the airport the next day for another try at getting the heck out of town.There are many, many better hotels in Dallas, but I'd say this one is better than 'average' if you consider the full range of places people could stay.Pool (which I haven't seen yet) is only open until 11 (though that's typical). Weight room is open all night. Food closes at 10, I believe, though there are lots of places nearby.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	4	4	

<Author>bbade514
<Content>There's better places to stay in Dallas. I stayed at this hotel for a long business trip. First I will say that the staff was very friendly. I was picked up at DFW in a reasonable time and check in went smooth. The room itself was clean and the bed was comfortable, but that was about it. The property is in need of an update. The building is a drab brown color and the hallway floor outside of my room was very dirty as the carpet had not been cleaned in some time and was beginning to pull up. The ice machines did not work on at least 3 of the floors. The outdoor pool was a mess. There was some sand in the pool from the construction on the property. Their way of cleaning the sand was taking a squeegee and sweeping down the pool stairs to the bottom of the pool and leaving it there. I am not kidding as I watched this from my room. Most of the pool chairs were broken and several tiles from inside of the pool were missing. All in all, I would not be back to this property. There are so many more places to stay in Dallas, why spend your money here.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	3	2	4	4	3	

<Author>rbirke4428
<Content>Excellent Hotel / Loved the location Having stayed in this hotel under previous ownership, I can say that the renovations are incredible. The rooms are spacious and the beds comfortable. The customer service was GREAT!! My husband would have been impressed by the granite Ten Commandments in front of the hotel! I travel to Dallas on business a couple of times a year and would stay at this hotel again. This is the first time that have ever left the hotel to look around the area. There are restaurants and fast food places within walking distance. Just wear comfy shoes!  
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TBuddNOLA
<Content>What a surprise! This hotel is 100% better than when it was the Radisson Hotel  Suites. Since taken over in August 2007, ALL the rooms have new beds and furniture. The lobby furniture is all new and the carpert has been replaced throughout. The bar is reopened after being closed for complete renovation. It looks great and the staff is so friendly.You cannot beat the location with so many restaurants and entertainment just outside the front door. The complimentary airport transportation alone makes this a great value. I will be staying here again on my next trip to Dallas.Carl  
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Texasjambono1
<Content>Excellent After a long trip from Scotland we had the pleasure of staying at the Elegante. The staff were first class  the room spotless, I would recommend this hotel to anyone. We read previous reviews before we left, which gave us concern but these proved to be completely unfounded.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lt-49
<Content>Unbelievable Service I have never received service like I received at the Elegante during my four night stay. The staff bent over backwards to ensure that I had everything that I needed. We were in the lobby on our way to dinner and were trying to figure out how to get to the restaurant. An employee saw us struggling with directions and took us to the computer where he printed out the route. He advised us of construction and gave a way to avoid it. I noticed that he wasn't dressed like the rest of the staff and asked what he did at the hotel...he was one of the MAINTENANCE workers. I stayed at the Omni two weeks before and couldn't get anyone at the front desk to help.The MCM is an average hotel, clean, quiet with nice rooms. The area was a bit concerning, but I would definitely stay at the hotel again, for the staff alone.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	2	3	5	5	3	

<Author>stainged04
<Content>A Whole Lot of Other Choices in the Area I booked this hotel because the location was going to be very convenient to the event I was attending. I really should have checked Trip Advisor first. This place is bad. Stay away!I am normally a pretty easy-going traveler. Read my other reviews. However, this hotel disappointed in almost every way. The front desk staff was rude and unhelpful. The room was in very poor condition. The door lock looked like a last minute improvisation. The bed was one of the most uncomfortable that I have ever experienced. The grounds of the hotel were in disrepair. The highlights of my stay were that I was only there for one night, and my car was still in the parking lot in the morning.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fflyer90
<Content>Stay away from this hotel! This is the worst hotel I've stayed ever!A disgrace to the Radisson Hotel Chain, the room was filthy and smelled terrible.I was afraid to let my child walk barefoot on the carpet, spots everywhere, yuck!Same goes for the pool; and cannot comment on the breakfast because I would not eat there for a million dollars.To be sincere, the only good thing there is the front desk manager (Don) who acts very professional and deserves to work at a better place.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	3	3	3	

<Author>BeaGood
<Content>Worst hotel stay I've ever had We went to Dallas to go to a Cowboys game. I have to say the experience we had while staying in that hotel was beyond horrible. The staff were rude, the room we had was filthy, and the service was terrible. Our bathroom had pubic hairs in the tub, toilet and floor. Our toilet was backed up and even though we asked the front desk to fix it, they ignored our request. When I went to the front desk in the morning to schedule our shuttle to the game, I stood in line and was ignored by the driver. He asked to help people that were standing behind me in spanish if they would like to pay for shuttle service. This went on for a while and I started to feel embarrassed and I didn't know why the driver was doing this, so I asked. He replied that if I wanted to get served there that I would have to learn how to speak Spanish. I was floored! Not only was that a racial remark, but it was so unprofessional. My son was also treated very badly, he is a special needs child. I had knee surgery a few weeks prior to this hotel stay and needed to ice my knees due to swelling so I had my son go downstairs to ask where the ice machine was because every time that I called downstairs to the front desk, they would put me on hold. This went on for over 45 minutes. I could barely walk at that time due to pain and swelling so I had my 12yr old son go find out where the ice machine was at the front desk downstairs. He went down stairs to ask where the ice machine was and the woman at the front desk ignored him. He stood in front of her for more than 15 minutes. Had I not gone down to check on him, who knows how much longer he would have had to wait. When I went down to the front desk, there he stood in front of her. I asked him if he had been helped yet, he said he asked but she told him to wait. When I asked for assistance, the front desk clerk told me the same thing and then continued to goof around with 2 male coworkers and completely ignored us both. I got so upset that I asked to speak with their supervisor. She snapped back and said, they're not here. So I said thank you and started to walk away from the front desk, I heard one of the men behind the counter say, SNAP! And then the front desk clerk stated that I was a dumb [--] and then I heard a bunch of laughing. I don't know what kind of business they are running there, but they really need to do something about the quality of service that they are providing paying customers. I have never been so humiliated in my life. I was racially harrassed, pubically humiliated and I would never stay in that hotel ever again. Out of all of the Radisson hotels that I have ever stayed in, this one has to be the worse overall. I will have you know that before this experience I loved staying at the Radisson and I would actually recommend friends and family to stay with this hotel chain. Not any more. I did call their customer service department to let them know about this experience and they did apologize. We also were sent vouchers for 2 free nights at any Radisson location. Although I may stay at any of the other Radisson locations that I've stayed in and had a better experience, I will never stay at this particular location. Do yourself a favor and go elsewhere. You'll thank me later.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>jon160
<Content>kept the luggage. lost the room We had booked 3 separate rooms, for 2 nights each,with written confirmations.After landing, we picked up our rental car, and stopped atthe hotel to drop off our bags.Our rooms weren't ready, but they gladly stored our bags.We went to our trade show, then to dinner, and got backto the hotel at 9:40pm. They still had our bags, but had givenaway our rooms. They walked us, to another hotel owned by the same company, but 20 minutes further away...andnot as nice.The folks behind the desk continued to check in others, as we werebeing sent away. We were told that the manager only works8-5, and that there was no one in the hotel who could help us.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What A Dump This hotel needs an update badly. The pool was kinda green and not very inviting. Electrical outlets in the room were broken. Carpeting in the room looked dirty to the point you didn't want to take your shoes off. Iron didn't work and was replaced with another non-working model. Breakfast in the hotel dining room is an OK self-serve experience (eggs made to order). This was a bargain rate compared to other hotels, but you definately get what you paid for. I wouldn't stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2006
<Rating>1	4	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>hoosierdaddy
<Content>a little rough around the edges We chose the Radisson for our 19th anniversary getaway because the rates seemed reasonable for the accommodations. When we vacation, we don't spend a lot of time in our room but want it to be very neat and clean. We went into this past weekend, based on Tripadvisor reviews, knowing that the Radisson was in the final phases of a major remodel, which is basically what we found. We reserved a room with a sleep number king bed, which my wife tried and enjoyed, and ended up in a suite rather than a regular room which was a nice surprise. There were obvious signs of a remodel in progress; missing baseboards in the hallway and in our room, hallway temperatures on the sixth floor around 95 degrees due to a missing thru-the-wall a/c unit, minor problems w/one of the a/cunits in our room, and an under the-counter-fridge in our room which we defrosted ourselves to get it to work properly. Having been in the construction industry for over 30 years, my guess is that the work that has been done was done in-house rather than by a professional contractor. On the positive side, the front desk and staff were very polite and responsive to our requests for maintenance and very helpful to us in finding our way around town.Would we stay there again knowing what we know now? Sure. At $70 per night for a suite w/a king bed, the Radisson was acceptable though not impressive. We found nothing gross or disgusting but rather a well-trained staff trying to make up for the obvious inconvenience of a remodel in progress. We also found a watch by the pool Sunday that we would really like to return to its rightful owner. My message today left w/housekeeping, who is in charge of lost and found, has not been acknowledged yet.cakesetmoi  
<Date>Jun 13, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>rcase
<Content>Dallas Dump Desiring a Dress-Up To put it plain and simple.......this is not one of the greatest hotels in Dallas. In fact, we were pretty disappointed. Being on Northwest Highway, this hotel has great potential. Prime location, close to lots of entertainment and dining options, virtually no competition with any hotels around. However, the Radisson has not yet taken advantage of its opportunities. When we arrived, we were told we would be staying in a pool side suite with a kitchenette and separate living space. Sounds Great, huh!!! Forget it. The room itself was nicely decorated, but the A/C did not work, the room smelt of stagnant cigarette smoke, and the outside looked like a run down trash motel. In fact, they have two areas for rooms. One is within the main building!!! ASK FOR THESE ROOMS. The others rooms are separated to the outdoors like an older motel. Only about 1/4 of these rooms were renovated, so tons of these rooms were trashed out. In fact, this specific area was accessable to anyone who wanted to walk through an unlocked, opened fence. We called the front desk to complain about the A/C. They said someone would be up to fix it. An hour later, and still 90 degrees in the room, we went to the front desk and requested a new room on the inside of the building. They were very polite and quickly found us a new room on the 4th floor. I have no complaints about the staff. They were fine. Upon arrival to the 4th floor, we realized that one of the rooms had apparently sprung a leak. There was standing water in the hallway! NICE!!! We went in our room. It was cold, newly remodeled, and had a comfy bed. Despite the water, we opted to stay. We both slept very well. No complaints there. Basically, this hotel is undergoing major renovation, however, they don't seem to understand that guests don't want to be a forward participant in the dirty side of renovation. In my opinion, if you are thinking about staying here to save $20, just spend the extra $20 on a better hotel. Sorry Radisson, you failed. We will most definately never stay here again!!! HAPPY TRAVELS!!!  
<Date>Jun 9, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nothing Special Good location, avg. hotel but overpriced at 89 a night. The front desk was ok, the toilet hung and the a/c didn't work, after switching us to another room without any problems everything was fine, however I probably wouldn't stay here again.  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>texas hospitality My husband and I stayed here 3- 11-05 to 3-13-05 and had a great time. The hotel is 12 min from downtown. The hotel has a free shuttle service from both DFW airport and Love Field which was really nice so we didnt have to rent a car. The price of the hotel was cheap $52 a night through hotels. The hotel itself is nice and clean. The rooms were decorated nicely. and clean. The hotel staff kept checking to make sure our stay was satisfactory and made themselves available if we needed them.The hotel is right by restaurant row and a movie theatre. The shuttle drivers take you to the restaurant of your choice (Joes crab shack, chilis, red lobster, humperdinks, pappa deux seafood etc...) That was nice. I would recommend tipping the drivers $1 -2 as a courtesy. The shuttle drivers will go out of their way to get you where you want to go, they are friendly and helpful with tourist type questions.I would recommend going to down town and going to the JFK museum at the book depository building in the west end market. It costs about $8 (with coupon from hotel) per person. It was very interesting to see such history, to be there. I am in my early thirties so I wasnt even around during this time, but I can only imagine and to see the footage from that day gave me goose bumps. It was interesting to learn the history behind it all. I some how thought the grassy knoll would have been bigger. Beware of scammers down by there trying to get you to buy a tour, dont do it. Take the day and walk around down town and the market, it was cool. My husband and I walked from the Book Depository building up two blocks to Ross st and then all the way down ross to Aknard (just past the Fairmont hotel) to the M LINE Trolley (which is free) and we rhode the Trolley to the Hard Rock Cafe (on mckinney st) this is the place to be there are nice shops. We also got back on the trolley going down mckinney to the Westend village (this is the place to do shopping it is a very nice area with nice exspensive shops and cute out of the way restaurants ) it is in the Turtle Creek area where a lot of wealthy people live. Very Quaint. We had a great time and the hotel although isnt in downtown, did everything a hotel should do, they took care of us.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyed my stay!!! We had a great time! We went for the OU/Texas game and what a great location. The staff was friendly and the food was great. The place is under new management and the place was fantastic. The new owners have put a lot of money into fixing up the place and will continue their remodeling of all the rooms in the next 6 months. We stayed in one of their suites and it was great. If you're looking for a place close to Dallas/Love Field, this is your place!!  
<Date>Oct 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worst place I ever stayed Booked a three night stay here on Expedia. The rates were good and this hotel was conveniently located. First impression was that the lobby was a little run down, then it got worse. The lamp shades on the bedside lamps were broken. The control for the hot/cold water on the tub was falling off and there was no hot water in the tub that evening. The next morning, still no hot water in the tub. Called maintenance. They worked on my bathroom for a while and then I had 1 minute of hot water. That evening I changed rooms. Also had broken lamp shades and no hot water. Changed rooms again. The third night the restaurant had no hot food because there was a gas leak in the kitchen. Also, no hot water. They had to jack-hammer the cement floor to repair the gas line and the entire hotel shook. At midnight I had had enough. I had to pack up and move to another hotel.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jimy71
<Content>Estancia Placentera       Habitacion.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

