<Author>IamlegendBerlin
<Content>Something that one would never expect Dear fellow travellers,I am a business traveller in the creative industries, so this place was booked by my secretary because of some mentioning in Wallpaper or something of that sort. My stay will provide me with the most ridiculous travel story I have to tell and I want to share it with you and as many people as possible. Here you go: After realizing on late arrival in Amsterdam that I would have to go directly to my meeting and check in later I called Qbic and asked if that would be a problem, already being confused that the hotel seemed to be in a closed compound without direct street access and, very important for me, no obvious place where a cab should pick me up. Well needless to say I was told that check in at around 11pm would be no problem whatsoever. On trying to talk a cab driver into taking me to the WTC he adamantly wanted to tell me that there is no hotel in the compound and nevertheless proud me to an entrance to a very lifeless architectural structure. I rang a bell at 11.02pm, entered and the real story begins here. Finding the hotel in the empty, lifeless lobby-like structure is somewaht possible if you are brave enough to conquer a space that seems very empty and as if you are trespassing every step of the way. One can find the approximation of a reception though, eventually, I did around 11.10. It is all machines, very 2001, unfortunatedly the checkin machine was not working and I was refer to the clerk, who was nowhere to be seen. At around 11.15 I started to call the phone number on my reservation paper. I spoke to somebody in Maastricht who told me that the situation I was in would be impossible that I couldn't be all alone in that compound, yet: I was and after he was somewhat convinced of my desperate need for a bed and my right to have one due to the reservation numbers I gave to him, he gave me a telephone number to call. I did and was perplexed when the phone right next to me in the empty machinery scenery began to ring. I was so surpised to pick up....and hear myself on my cell. I called mastricht again, got another dose of disbelief and eventually a cell phone number. I called that number at around 11.30, wandering around in the empty modern wilderness, thinking about Jim Jarmush and Will Smith in I am Legend and thinking of hitting one of the sofas while waiting for someone to answer that cell phone. Well nobody did. It was Maastricht again, they told me to go back to start. 11.45. Now what do you do in the middle of nowhere with nowhere to go to. You think about your early flight out, 6.50 and how precious minutes of sleep are replaced by anxiety and amusement. And you swear that you will fire your secretary and tell everybody and their dog that Qbic is not a concept but a fraud. Obviously when thinking to oneself, one uses another kind of language, not advisable to rephrase those words here. So thoughts about home cross your mind, you look out of the windows into an outside that is as empty and desolated as the strange inside you have to share with...machines, nothing else, just things, ticking away. Ring, something like a elevatorbell from where the checkin machine was! You run back, and: a person welcomes you, sort of. Nice guy, you hate him immediatedly but he actually is so nice that you forgive him and go to the room taking the card from him and preparing yourself for what a hip hotel might be like. It is like a officers cabin on battlestar Galactica, maybe, with lights so that the junkies can't do the fix, kind of fancy.Well after 4 solid hour I begged for the nice person to have fullfilled my only dream, to organize a cab for me to take me to the airport. The cab was there, the driver asked what i was doing in the building this time of day, didn't want to belive that there is a hotel inside, I kind of got his drift and agreed and was happy thinking about home. Only downside to the ending: because there is no street, the cab charges you 7,50 Euro just for waiting in the noman's land for you. I gave them to him, even now I can hardly believe my welcome at the Qbic Amsterdam, why should he believe that there is a hotel at the WTC with guests who might go somewhere from nowhere?I was asked if the stay was less than perfect, well, most certainly so! Do not even think about punishing the night clerk, he was the best thing in the whole bizarre scenario. I didn't fire my secretary either.For all others out there: Do not go into that thing that misnames itself as a hotel unless you like the kind of experiences sketched above.best regards  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>7Juli7
<Content>The Qbic was really fun to experience! The Qbic is a quite new hotel with very modern style furniture. It is located is Amsterdam's WTC, which is unfortunately not in the city center. However, public transport to the city center is within a minute walking distance, and it takes about 10 min by metro or tram to reach the heart of the city. The service in the hotel was good, the guys at the reception were extremely friendly and spoke English fluently. The breakfast was ok for 10 EUR, the food machines for the rest of the day are funny, but they were well equipped. I can definitely recommend the white wine in the can, which sounds funny, but it is better than one might expect. On Sundays and in the evenings the area is totally dead, so one needs to consider this. However, the hotel is great, if you have some business in the WTC. The lobby is quite nice and there is free internet access available also from the rooms. The rooms were quite big, clean, but definitively far too cold for November, most guests complained. However, the beds were great! Also the special light was funny, although one had to ask at the reception to get it changed to another color. Somehow irritating is the fact that there is no door at the bathroom, which I needed to get used to. Overall, it's been a great experience to stay there and the rooms are much bigger and nice than one can guess from the pics on their homepage.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	3	5	5	5	

<Author>PedroLisbon
<Content>Won't come back! We were very curious about this concept Hotel in Amsterdam. Our expectations were high and that is part of the reason why we weren't very satisfied.First of all we arrived at the Hotel around 11.30am and had to wait until 2pm to enter the room because they were cleaning it - not sure how they cleaned it since we found a dirty floor as well as a bandage in the toilet - no excuse. Regarding the toilet people should know there is no door - quite awkward to say the least. At night as we were watching some tv and talking people from the room next door knocked on the wall - I guess they were trying to sleep. This means the walls are not sound proof at all.On top of this, the Hotel is a bit far from the city centre and that is not very convenient if you are spending only a few days.To be fair, the concierge staff was friendly.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	2	1	3	4	5	

<Author>Ed_MarieGlasgow
<Content>Not what you麓re used to.... even better We have stayed at Qbic on a very rainy autumn weekend. Gladly we found out that there was a direct train connection from the airport to the Zuid station in Amsterdam. Safed us some valuable money for the rest of our city trip. A taxi ride in Amsterdam can, I believe, be very expensive while the train costs you about 3,5 euro. We were amazed by the big wtc building being so empty, we had to buzz ourselves in.Thought the hotel advertises as being a self service hotel, check in and check out using food machines, there was a very welcoming staff member who told us to ring him whenever we got stuck. The check in actually went easily.Once int the room we were amazed by the space and the furniture.. the Qubi. Looked realy cool and when we asked the staff member to change the lights he set all kinds of cool colours for us.The hotel itself is very easily reached by public transport and there are even night busses pendeling from midnight till early morning, again savinf you money. After a wild night of going out in Amsterdam it was great to stay in a nice and relaxed neighbourhood, away from the big and loud city, just 15 minutes away.We only wisehd we could have stayed in our bed longer since check out is 11.00 am. The only negative thing about hte room is that the toilet is open and that means not eating too much onions and beans, haha. Or just be very liberal with your partner, there are toilets a couple of seconds away from the rooms anyway.For the price, location and concept we will definetely look for Qbic again when we visit Amsterdam. Although the weather could have been better.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>munchers69
<Content>Expensive hotel with little to offer stayed at this hotel october 2008 whilst i can say that the hotel is clean the rooms leave a lot to be desired . there are no toilet doors so dont expect any privacy , no toilet brushes !!! no drinks facilities , no wardrobes , no mirrors , no heating and as promised on the qbic web-site no laptops in the rooms . all this for 拢103 per night . this hotel is 16 stops away from the city centre on the tram so save your money and get a better cheaper hotel to stay in nearer the centre . Avoid Qbic !!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	3	3	1	3	1	

<Author>trip_advice7
<Content>I'd Rather Go To Prison! This was the WORST hotel we have ever stayed at! Our room did not have a window (couple that with the lack of normal-colored lights), the sheets had bread crumbs on them and we found an open condom wrapper by the bed. The worst part of it all is that there is no reception or ANYONE to complain to about all these disgusting things. So basically, we had no choice but to sleep in a dark room with used sheets. I have never felt more depressed by a hotel in my life. I got thirsty at around 11 o'clock and there were no open stores nearby (not even the convenience store in the subway station), so I was forced to buy a tiny 250ml water bottle from the hotel vending machine for the 'reasonable' price of 3 euros (~4.50). If I could give this hotel a minus, I would. it's not even worthy of one star.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	-1	1	2	

<Author>MoonTurtle
<Content>Style on the budget - not keen on the toilet My husband booked the trip to Amsterdam and the accommodation as a birthday surprise for me and being a big fan of boutique hotels, I really liked the stylishness of the rooms in the Qbic (they look exactly as they do on the website). The location was in the financial district of the city, which didn't have much around, but the nearby tram stop meant you could easily hop on a tram and get to the centre in around 10-15 minutes.One big negative point about the room: the open concept extended to the bathroom, which meant there were no doors that would allow you to do your - ahem - toilet routines in privacy. This, of course, also leads to the potential problem of bad odours pervading the room. Another slightly annoying issue was that the hotel was situated within a conference centre, so we had to press a buzzer each time to be let in and out by a disembodied voice. Overall, I think it is great value for money (especially if you book early), the staff are friendly, there is free internet, is very very stylish, and if there was just a simple sliding door to the bathroom, it would be a very comfortable room all around.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	4	5	

<Author>spititout
<Content>Good transport links, excellent value Overall, this is a first-class hotel for a stay in Amsterdam.Located in the southern business area of the city, it is easily reached by train and tram from Schippol and Centraal Station, with no stress.If you are coming directly from Schippol, I would recommend taking the train direct to the hotel (8 mins - 拢3.50 Euros at Aug 08). Disembark at Station Zuid (sometimes called Amsterdam Zuid on the electronic ticket machines) and look for the WTC main entrance. Another tip - buy your train tickets in the arrivals area of the airport where you collect your baggage,and avoid queues in the station adjacent - you can use cards and cash in the machines. If you prefer to travel direct into Centraal Station, you can then pick up tram no 5 (just outside on the main plaza) which takes you to Station Zuid, and is roughly a 15 minute ride, though it is more cumbersome on trams with luggage than the train. I would recommend using the GVB information office outside Centraal Station (the white building around the scaffolding) for your travel passes, but remember to take a ticket and queue up! For a 96 hour city-wide tram pass, its 17.50 Euros, and is money well spent.The area around the hotel is very quiet at night, and we had 5 nights uninterrupted peace. There are a couple of cafes in the locale, and we preferred these to the hotel breakfast which was 10 Euros. We were impressed with the overall aesthetics of the hotel, size of rooms, and staff's attention. The bathroom designs have been covered elsewhere, though I will say I found them a little dark for shaving!Having stayed in Amsterdam numerous times before, I found the area to be pleasant, safe, clean and quiet, and would definitely use the hotel again. If you are on business at the WTC, it is perfectly placed and, in my opinon, as good as many hotels in the city that are double the price.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>HarmZwolle
<Content>Qbic: hip design and good value for mony For a visit to the theatric festival 'De Parade' I searched for a cheap hotel in Amsterdam. Qbic was intersting in price but specially in design. Although advertised as self-service there was a great staff who helped if neccesary.A pleasent stay for a pleasant price.Harm, Zwolle, The Netherlands  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	3	4	5	3	

<Author>Damianek
<Content>Qbic Hotel- a room with a difference.. WTC building and the hall entrance is breathtaking..The room has a unique and minimalistic design..Bed is huge and very comfortable-bathroom has no door,not recommended if you want privacy from your room mate,ok if sharing with a partner.Ideal for a city break,short business travel and a different approach to staying in Amsterdam as that part of town-business City is a tram ride away and is quiet and has amazing architectural views..Will definitely visit again  
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	-1	-1	4	

<Author>Hamstrung
<Content>We Love QBIC!       View from Room Door  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>tashandbradworldwide
<Content>Unique, but not for the bashful.. We spent 3 nights at the Qbic Hotel and we really found our stay to be great. The bad faults that people seem to be coming up with, you have to dig a little deep for them. The rooms are pretty much unlike anything else we have stayed in in Europe and for the price, you really can't complain. We are a young couple travelling around Europe and feel we had ample room for the two of us in the unique space. Great comfortable large bed, with LCD tv built into the wall, and a breakfast bar at the end of the bed with a massive long window looking out of the WTC building. The changing light feature is cool and whole space is really funky and fun.Check in staff were polite and helpful, and overall our stay was among the best we've had in a hotel, especially for the price.The only downside was the infamous bathroom everyone is talking about. The splashback in the shower is terrible and so don't put anything you don't want soaked in the bathroom, and the toilet doesn't have a door, so if you're a couple and you're a little bashful.. use the other toilets offered in the lobby of each floor. These small faults don't outweigh the overall feeling of a unique hotel experience with a great price. Highly recommend.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	3	4	3	5	

<Author>hschulze
<Content>Unique, fun experiene!       The QBIC lounge  
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sg_Robin
<Content>Mixed Feelings Hi travellers, I have mixed feelings about staying in this hotel. Overall experience is ok but my stay would definitely had been better if they had made some improvements on some of the followings:Negatives:1. Toilet - I have no issue with no toilet door but the lightings is so dim that I could hardly see myself (the room I was given had dim green lightings in the toilet, so maybe other colours are better - I am not sure. I am not sure about you but the idea of a toilet seat being attached to the end of my bed (separated by a panel) isn't exactly very exciting for me. I was here for 4 nights and to be honest for big business I rather use the public toilet located on every floor.2. It's a little far from the town centre, about 15 to 20 mins tram ride. The tram you should take is number 5. Positivies:1. Polite staff (especially one of the young male staff, really friendly and not intimidating. The other lady staff was a little more cold but polite)2. Unique deco (minus the toilet experience)3. Relatively clean and modern 4. Relatively safe as it's located within the WTC buildingConclusion:If you have additional budget to spare, choose another hotel; otherwise this is quite value for money (as you know hotels in general in AMS can be really expensive). For very short stay (maybe a day or 2) it's ok; especially if you are the sort that party till the early morning and is only planning to come back during the day time for some sleep.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>NoahTheHague
<Content>Good concept but dirty We stayed at the Qbic for one night in a room without a window, which is fine for one night but is probably not convenient for longer stays. The bathroom is minimalist which works well but is missing a few essential features, such as a rack for towels and a tray for shampoo in the shower. The hotel is convenient for shorter stays and offers a value-for-money product for Amsterdam standards. Since the hotel is fairly new the hotel is in good condition but the main issue is that the rooms are not cleaned properly, which is probably due to poor lighting in the bedroom. The floor is very dusty, the bathroom is dirty and I doubt that the sheets were changed before our arrival.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>2	4	3	3	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>ttboydubai
<Content>Pretty Cool, but for Singles ONLY! I printed the directions on how to get to the Hotel, it would have been a bit confusing if I hadn't. The room is ok, especially if all you're looking for is a place to sleep at night and be out most of the day. I wouldn't recommend this hotel for a couple tho, there is no bathroom door, and very little storage space. All in all, you get your euros worth there. If I were to go to Ams again on business I would stay again, very easy as it is right next to WTC tram and Train Station.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>taysiii
<Content>Unique experience What an experience! Very different stay to anywhere else. If you like ultra modern, minimalistic places, this is a great choie. Exceptioanlly clean and although our room was not big, they managed to make it look and feel spacious enough. Uncomparable value for money - we paid 39 Euros for a double room. This was of course excluding breakfast and I don't think such option exists in Qbic hotels as it is all about saving space and money in this little chain of hotels (hope it will grow soon as I'd be more than happy to stay in a place like that again). The room was almost all in white plus some trendy black accessories and blackwhite photographs on the walls. One of the fantastic things was the light - you could program it to slowly change colours from green to blue, yellow, bright pink - very cool! The only downside was its location - Amsterdam World Trade Centre. Make sure you tell your taxi driver that you want to get to WTC and not to Qbic hotel as they may not know what you are talking about. Also, when you get there, it will not be obvious where the actual hotel is - you need to get inside the WTC building and if you don't normally pay attention to every detail around you, you may easily miss the arrows pointing you to the hotel. Best ask at the reception desk for help. One more thing to remember - if you drive, don't use the WTC car park (75 euros for 24h) but leave your car on one of the residential car parks just outside for a fraction of it. If you don't drive, the nearest stattion is just a 2 minute walk and from there a train will take you to the city centre in just a few minutes.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	2	5	5	4	4	

<Author>2ROVERS2
<Content>A Great Find. GIve it a Go Thought at first that this may be a bit weird but it was great.easy to get to from airport and 10minute metro ride into centre of Amsterdam.Big comfortable beds. Big television. Compact living. No airs and graces. No wardrobes drawers etc. but a great concept.Very clever idea.If you want luxury hotel attributes then pay the high prices in the centre of Amsterdam. if you want clean basic accomodation with a easy to use transport system just out of town this is perfect.Would stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>StevenGray
<Content>Relatively cheap boutique hotel, but certainly not for everyone       The WTC  
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	2	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Tommy74
<Content>verry trendy it's particular special to stay. decoration is extremely trendy. what is not so good is the fact that there is no door between toilet and rest of the room! less than 10 minutes from town centre. in the weekend very cheep. recommended for a short staywww.qbichotels.com  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	3	4	

<Author>davetwo
<Content>Not good! I get the concept. But there are way too many flaws.Our room had no window! Apparently this is the case for about half the rooms here. And I cannot stress how claustrophoic this can be - and as you don't know what the weather's like (or indeed whether it's night or day) it's difficult knowing how to dress.The cube has no doors on the toilet and shower areas so you'd better be pretty liberal if you're sharing. Also the shower did not drain completely.No minibar I understand - but not even a glass or cup?It's not really central enough for tourists (which is fair enough). And it took me several passes to find it tucked away in an office complex.And it's not ever that cheap really. Don't bother.  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	-1	2	2	

<Author>lx_traveller
<Content>One-day trip to Amsterdam - very good!       Detail of the room  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>The England Family
<Content>Wierd, but good, overall This hotel is in the World Trade Centre's Tower C next to Amsterdam Zuid station. In that sense it was ideal - very easy to get to Schipol airport by train and very easy to get about Amsterdam itself by tram and by metro. If you arrive late, you get let in by ringing the intercom near to the revolving doors at the WTC entrance nearest to Zuid station and then walking through to tower C.You check in by computer which takes your details and gives you a card to enter your room. The rooms are well sized, have a good comfortable and big bed, a flat screen TV to watch when lying in bed or sitting at the 'bar' behind the bed which has bar stools. There's a comfy chair, lighting (and no, the neon really isn't that dominating) and somewhere to hang clothes and place a suitcase. All fine, clean, etc. The hotel kindly provided me with a small bar of soap, some shampoo, a plaster and a condom...but no glass to drink from....The problems, really, were the bathroom and the ventilation. Of the latter, there was none, and no way to open the window to get some fresh air in so the room was quite hot even on a cold day in April. The bathroom was form over function, really. A sleek bowl-shaped sink, but nowhere to rest toothbrushes etc etc near it. The shower had one of those fantastic huge showerheads set above the showerer, rather than at an angle to the showerer, but it was set too low for me to stand comfortably under it. The swivel taps had hot and cold in one configuration on the sink and the opposite on the shower, so when you thought you knew how to get hot water by twisting in one direction, you got cold water instead. And the shower had no screen (nor the bathroom even a door) - fine, but it meant that the bathroom floor was constantly wet. Just very small practicalities which could be addressed with more towels or shower mats or something. Breakfast was good. Hot drinks and juices, cereals, fruit, pastries and cakes. Simple but fine, and there were vending machines selling food too, including perfectly good sandwiches and they were reasonable priced too. Overall, convenient, fine, clean, amply sized, but perhaps a bit spartan and certainly the bathrooms could be made somewhat more robust and endowed with practical features. As for price, OK for Amsterdam, but I guess you have to book well in advance to get a good price. I ended up paying E280 for two nights including breakfast.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	3	4	

<Author>orion_8
<Content>Great for a short stay I just got back from Qbic and I had a great time there. The hotel's super easy to find (just take a metro, tram, or train to Station Zuid -- it couldn't be easier). The room were actually very large compared to other European rooms I've stayed in, and the lobby/entrance area is awesome. My favorite part of the whole hotel were the vending machines in the lobby, which stock everything from beer to candy to toiletries. There's also a free computer to listen to in the lobby.The only downside is the doorless bathroom. It's a little weird, but everything else was so nice that it made up for that one flaw.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mariska_Ilona
<Content>Hip but hidious First impression: To access the hotel is incredibly hard. It's hidden inside the WTC building, security checks are througout the entire building. The service is not very friendly and you have to do everything yourself (check-in and faq).Underneath it's modern look and lavish interior decoration i's a cold, rough hotel. The rooms: No heating, no remote controls, no doors in the bathroom, low lighting, no phones, no drinking cups, no phones (i know we already had that but it's really annoying cause there is no cell phone service either and no public phone and no wake up calls), no alarmclock,. We asked if there is a restaurant near but they said no. Turned out there was lots of places at the trainstation. Besides that we were left a message by our friends but the guy forgot our roomnumber so we didn't get it..Besides all of the above, it's an ok hotel for a business person that travels alone and only for 1 night (the bathroom floors will stay wet after showering). If you are traveling with 2 people be aware that they can hear, smell and enjoy all the sounds while you are on the toilet.Good luck!btw, we did get a free glass of orange juice for all the problems mentioned above (and it was good too!)  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sparafucile4
<Content>Perfect for Business Excellent hotel and certainly very different. Did the job very well for a two night business stop over. Also note that the hotel is a 10 minute walk across an attractive park to the RAI conference and exhibition hall.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	3	4	3	5	

<Author>LadyMariann
<Content>Cool!!!! The Jetsons would like to live here! The coolest hotel that I ever been!!I liked it so much!! From the unusual and modern Cubi to the very nice lobby.There is just 1 person if you need help because you don't need really help! Everything is automated and it works!You have a Mac with free Internet access and everything is nice there.We needed some help to download pictures to a pendrive and the people there where absolutely great and very friendly! Young people at a hotel for young people (by mind or by age)Inside the room there are different ambiences and it's fun to use the lights!Bathroom: ok, if you are shy, I don't recommend to use it, and for the 2nd thing I preffer to use the lobby bathroom :)TV cable in a flat appliance is great (I missed TV cable and flat TV in the other hotels...) There are a bar with tall chairs very convenient for laptop or dinning there.The hotel is located inside a business building, and there are a small bar full of people at after office.The tram station is just at 1 block and the airport is very very close, just 15 minutes from train.I recommended in 100%!!!I hope to find more hotels like this and with the incredible rate of 49 euros per night!!!! Same concept than low fare airlines.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>PianoSteve
<Content>Cool lights, annoying access, decent location My fiancee and I stayed at Qbic for two nights in early february.FACILITIESThe room is great! bigger than most 3-5* hotel rooms we have stayed in and definately different... The lighting is good, with a constant blue colour, or groovy disco alternation between other colours. Reception was pretty good, with free internet, vending machines, books, seating area, and usually someone there to ask.LOCATION10 minutes from Schiphol, and about the same from the city centre by tram. As part of WTC complex, it has excellent links, with a station for metro, tram, train or bus links. We bought a 3 day GVB ticket (Tram, Metro, Bus) for 14.50. Once there, Amsterdam is easily walkable, with attractions to suit all tastes.DOWNSIDESWe stayed from Saturday - Monday, and over the entire weekend the WTC building was completely deserted (I mean, like a ghost town!!). This meant buzzing in to the building every time, and again at some automatic doors once inside. It doesn't sound like much hassle, but becomes rather annoying after the 3rd time!Checkout is at 11:00 so naturally we wanted somewhere to leave our luggage while we spent our final day in Amsterdam. The duty manager told us to leave it in the foyer as there are no lockers big enough to hold suitcases. This was fine with us as he assured us he'd be there all day - he was not there when we returned and the next duty manager seemed surprised when we pointed them out to him! It would be nice to have known they were safe in a locked room and not just left unattended in reception. All over, I give this hotel 4 stars for its cool interiors, great value and convenient location - it's only downside is its slightly annoying access during the weekend/lack of storage.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	2	2	4	

<Author>brianc_li
<Content>Amsterdam's Secret Airport Hotel For those wanting a cheap and easy Schiphol stopover this is well worth considering. Of all the 'Airport' hotels there are only three in the central Schiphol area. To access any of the others you have to take a shuttle bus.This hotel is a five minute walk from Amsterdam Zuid station from which there are frequent trains running the eight minute journey into Schiphol central. I booked this place because we had a 7am flight out so needed to be in Schiphol by 6. In my case I set my alarm for 5.15, left the hotel at 5.35, caught a train at 5.48 and was in the airport at 5.55. This is faster and more convenient than pretty well any other 'airport' hotel. At 鈧?9 for the night it also represented excellent value.Whilst I didn't spend a lot of time in it, my room was surprisingly spacious. It is a bit spartan in some respects. Pretty well everything the room has to offer is contained in the integral bed/bathroom/sitting bar unit pictured above. That said the bed was comfortable, there was a decent choice of TV programmes and the shower was good.What it sorely missed was any kind of wake up alarm system. There is no phone in the room and you couldn't set anything via the TV. Given its location and potential customer base this is, to my mind, a major oversight.Given its location in a commercial area to the South of Amsterdam I would not recommend this to anyone visiting Amsterdam as a tourist. The nearby Artemis is a much better hotel and often has similar rates. Even that, like this place, is a bit far out of the center of town.For those going in/out of Schiphol or with business in Amsterdam Zuid/Amstelveen it is well worth considering.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>3	5	4	4	3	3	2	3	

<Author>hendrik_mertens
<Content>Very good value Hotel very very OK, also for business. You can actually get some work done here, the rooms have desk space and an internet connection. Don't hesitate if you're planning to visit RAI, Amsterdam's exhibition  congress centre. It's nearby. For the lowest rates, book early, they use yield management just like the low cost airlines do.To go to the city centre, take the tram in front of the building. It's fast and costs way less than parking space or a taxi.Parking fees inside WTC, where Qbic is situated, are outrageous (75 euros for 24 hours) and there are no alternatives nearby. As a Qbic guest, you pay 29,50 euros / 24 hours, remember to ask for your Qbic parking card before leaving.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>letsmeet
<Content>Great hotel  The hotel is really cute, I loved the design of the WTC area, the inside living spaces and room. I had some problems with the toilet door which doesn't exist.. but this is part of the Qbic fun! Also there's no hairdryer and you cannot rent it from the reception either. The location is not in the centre but the metro is very frequent and connects you to the central station in 15 mins. Actually I thought it was better not to stay downtown as Amsterdam can be very noisy and somewhat dangerous at night. The only inconvenient I had was with the parking: the Hotel website doesn't say that parking in the WTC is not included and that it costs 3,60 euros per hour (external) or 75 euros per day (internal)! I was arriving there on Friday evening and I knew that the WTC was closed over weekends, so I assumed that the external parking was free as well. But when I called the reception to have a confirmation, they told me that the parking (internal or external) had to be paid for also on weekends and offered me to park inside with a special discount for only 29 euros/day. I was clever enough not to follow their suggestion and I found an external parking lot with a meter: I just had to pay for one hour (3,60 euros) and could stay until the next Monday morning. Conclusion: the Qbic offer to park for 29 euros is convenient on weekdays, but they should not make you pay also on weekends when the external parking is free!  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	4	3	3	

<Author>pierre_valencia
<Content>Good location, awful hotel I spent one night in the Amsterdam WTC Qbic (11-12 Jan 2008) at room 322, because I had business meetings at the Schiphol Airport. If it weren't for its ideal location (5 minutes from the airport by train and 15 minutes from downtown) and relatively cheap price, I WOULD NOT recommend this hotel!! Here are the main reasons:1. Be warned. This hotel has NO heating. As a result, a January day in Amsterdam can be VERY cold.2. It has NO closets, so I don't recommend it for more than 1 night.3. It's cool and ultra-modern but completely unfriendly.4. There is no proper lighting in the room, except some green-red-blue fluorescent lights. The architect probably thought it is a room in the red-light district.5. The concept of having this aluminum box in the middle of the room, containing the bed and bathroom is utterly impractical. The toilet has no door. You have to be deeply in love with your partner as you have to share ALL your intimate moments!! In addition, no matter how careful you are you can't avoid flooding the bathroom and part of the room's entrance when you shower. Not only that, since the bathroom floor has the incorrect inclination, the stagnating water stays there. Remember that before you step inside the next morning.6. The towels I had were NOT clean. Most probably they just refolded the towels used by the previous guest in the room.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	4	2	1	1	

<Author>travelmaddy
<Content>WACKY HALLWAYS; DUTCH SPACECADETS! What a cool place.5 minutes by train from amsterdam schiphol, so great when you are flying out from amsterdam, which we were. also good for a weekend in amsterdam, if you can manage the tram, metros and train. Only a 30 minute walk from downtown amsterdam. It is in amsterdam zuid, WTC, which is a very nice area. It is like a village on it's own, with great restaurants and shop. The walk from there into the towncentre is great, you can't get a better area in amsterdam. Make sure you've got a good map.You can also take the tram 25, which will take you to leidseplein and so on.The rooms are great, and so cheap, I paid 40 euro for a double.They are spacious, hastens bed (!!), great shower and a lcd tv.The hallways are a bit peculiar, looks like a bamboo forest and it smells like skunk, at first I thought there were some people smoking some, but after a while I realised, that it was some sort of airfreshner; the dutch are a bit quirky.... great sense of humor.Breakfast was okay, very relaxing area.Overall a great place to stay, will go again for sure!  
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ABHIRAI
<Content>Overll good and smart hotel...but a bit far off Hi.I stayed for just a night. The hotel website has directions to reach and this was informative but the location is a bit far from central station..... Just 1 staff was polite and proactive...else breakfast is 芒 bit expensive as compared to other hotelsThe hotel has smart look and feel but the checkin -out machine could be a more quick and effiective...and also bathroom level was a bit strange as water kept logging --....The hotel is a design and smart hotel and at this price is goodt o expereince once....atleast.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>B0bble
<Content>Qbic - perfect for business, clean and friendly This new hotel in the business district of Amsterdam (it is actually in the World Trade Centre building) is excellent. It is no-frills accommodation at its best - the rooms are a decent size and clean. The reception area is useful (lots of vending machines selling everything from coffee to batteries) and although you shouldn't need their assistance (check-in is done by computer) the receptionists are friendly. I would thoroughly recommend it.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Snou
<Content>Both thumbs up! To keep it short:+ very modern interieur, big points for the huge bed and the lights+ classy and trendy, perfect for young couples+ very nice and helpful service+ safe, clean and exquisite accomodation in the WTC+ very good connection via tram line 5 along all the hotspots+ a safe in the room- like mentioned in all the reviews before, some people will probably miss a bathroom door; but there are more toilets on each floor - also very clean- shower is flooding the bathroom - nothing dramaticBoth thumbs up! :)  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>chickeny
<Content>something a bit different A very differnt experience, cool room , and excellent location if you dont mind a tram hop . In fact it forces you to use the public transport and get to see the sites and become confident in using it , if you havent before . Bus , tram, train and metro all very much on the door step . Rooms a bit chilly at times and watch for slippy floors stepping from the bathroom ( I slipped over ) Dont go with a new partner unless you are fine about toilet habits !! There is a loo on every floor though to help with more delicate moments. good decor and nice to be able to help self for coffee . Signage to find it from outside abit low key and due to the location very quiet at weekends nothing open interms of eateries etc  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>playtoy1979
<Content>Wicked place!       Funky room  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	-1	5	

<Author>Jillikinz
<Content>Amazing I LOVED this hotel! It is so new, clean and funky. The rooms are great, so different to normal hotel rooms. Lovely big, comfy bed and a powerful shower. The staff were very friendly and helpful. We stayed for two nights, and you probably couldn't stay for much longer than that, due to lack of storage space, but great for a little city break. The hotel is located between the airport and the centre, and it takes about 10-15 mins to get to each. I booked a couple of months in advance, so got the room for a very good price, and I feel that I got more than I paid for. Will definitely be going back again.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kerry026
<Content>Amazing! This place was absolutely amazing - very clean, fun. The location was perfect for us - not in the center of everything but a quick tram ride to town. (The tram was just downstairs, out the door and to the left ... easy to get to.) The room was not traditional, the cubic set up is not for those who prefer the run-of-the-mill Holiday Inn kind of hotel. The bathroom had no door, and there was only a half-panel of frosted glass between you and the rest of the bathroom, but it wasn't a problem for us. (Could be a problem if someone opens the room door - they'll get a peek, but that didn't happen).Easy access to the internet in the lobby, good variety of channels on the TV, the water in the bathroom was always hot, the towels clean and the room outfitted with many IKEA-brand items. (Which I love!)The staff was VERY friendly and willing to point you in the direction of whatever kind of activity you're going for while in town.There was a breakfast available, but we didn't partake, but a nice grab-and-go (translation: vending machines) section. The price (2 Euro!) for a can of soda was disconcerting, but the room was so cheap, I didn't mind.WARNING: This hotel is located in the World Trade Center - DO NOT PARK IN THE WORLD TRADE CENTER!! We made that mistake for our three-night trip when I failed to notice the parking was 75 EURO A DAY! Ye-ouch. The car's stay was pretty much twice the cost of our room each night. Lesson learned!Last words - I'd book again here in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SSS009
<Content>Chic, Hip, Cool but COLD!! The room is clean, nicely outlayed, excellent lightings which u can switch colour of the light. Looked exactly the same as posted from the web. However, temp in the room was low all the time, even after several requests to turn it up, but not helping at all. Very challenging to use the bathroom, no rack nor hanger for ur stuffs, not even a place to hang your used towels. Also, due to the design, u can easily flood the whole bathroom!  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	5	4	3	5	

<Author>Actionfilter
<Content>Quite Nice, Lovely I enjoyed the 2 nights in the QBIC. Mainly, it is very quiet there and in the area as well, altho located close to the WTC station, which has Tram #5 and Metro a 5 minute walk away,Plusses: The room was clean, had an excellent bed and flat screen TV, very nice lounge with free internet, excellent strong coffee for sale. During the week there are more of the shops open but there is a Club there that was open till late Friday eve,The lobby area of the WTC is very nice and has nice sculpture on display. Staff is excellent.Price I got was the low 39E so that helped. I did not find it confusing at all to locate the hotel, nor did I find getting into the building a hassle at all times. Minus' the Bathroom shower bit is a real problem. The water spreads over to the toilet area. I put up alot of towels there to help. No place to put soap, no drawers chest is also not so good.If you can get a low rate and want a quiet area, this is your ticket.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Peson
<Content>I felt great Beeing a low fare airline traveller I have been looking forward to a new concept in accomodation. And here it is stay at Qbic and experience a new way of business trevelling. In Amsterdam ideally located in WTC at station Zuid 15 minutes from both Schiphool and Amsterdam city.Stefan  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>clcada
<Content>One more reason to visit Amsterdam again When you enter the room you are jleft speechless. The design is incredible. We've been to more expensive hotels and with more stars, but I am confident to say that this was the best hotel experience we had so far. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The cleaning ladies wouldn't barge in. They would knock and ask. Basically, I felt that we got more than we paid for.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pickytraveller000
<Content>best deal in town at brand new hotel! It is the best deal in town! Only 39 euros for a brand new and very spacious room with wooden floors, the most comfortable modern beddings (instead of those dirty thin covers), brand new furnitures, strong shower, free fast wireless, easy automatic check-in, easy booking directly from their website, nice staff (though everything is self-service in a convenient way, so there's just one receptionist), postal service in the lobby, the hotel even smells good, like fresh natural cedar!location wise, it's between the center and the airport, which makes the transportation very comfortable, with the south station directly downstairs and just 10 minutes away from the airport and 10 minutes to the center. only minor imperfection is the bathroom sink is designed quite small without any places to put things and same with inside the shower. but it's so new and clean and spacious for the price you pay, can't ask for more!! (the rooms even look better than in the website!)  
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Pretty27
<Content>Totally Hot and Hip Hotel There should be hotels like this all over the world. Simple, cool, and the perfect price to boot. Our room felt as if we had entered an exclusive room in a nightclub. Built in everything and different light settings. Fun! It was even better than the pictures. The location is very central...a ten minute tram ride from the airport and a fifteen minute ride to central Amsterdam. The only trouble, as mentioned by others, is that the hotel in the WTC is actually a bit difficult to find. Once you enter the WTC, you must take the escalators up. Check in is done through automated machine with somewhat tiny buttons. After check in, a real assistant is there in the lobby to assist you in finding your room. I highly recommend this hotel and hope to see others like it.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	2	5	5	

<Author>louisa138
<Content>Brilliant! 10 min train ride to the WTC and a 1 min walk from the station. The WTC is not busy at all, like I was expecting, even on weekdays. The hotel is on the first floor of the WTC and has free internet access from a computer in reception. The rooms are funky and the bed is a big 6ft and very comfortable with a lovely cotton duvet. The bathroom is good but obviously open plan. The tram runs into the town centre and is only 20 min and costs less than 3 euros. The Qbic is so much cheaper than anything in town, yet is first class. Wouldn't hesitate to go back.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>abaggi
<Content>very nice concept and hotel Very nice only can describe this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pablokeys
<Content>Q-bic Hotel: strange but super! A friend invited me to this new experience hotel formula: Q-bic Hip Hotels. As an experienced traveler (I stay in hotelrooms abroad approx. 3 months a year!) I didn't know what to expect. Q-bic was announced as a Hip Hotel and it surely turned out to be hip. In Amsterdam it is set on the south side of the city, particularly in the business quarter and more specifically in the WTC-Towers. (Next day, we found out soon that nearby there is a direct tramline-connection with the heart of the city, tram 5) As we arrived in the middle of a friday night, it was kind of difficult to find our way in the empty concrete jungle over there but at every intercom-pole that we spoke to, the response was immediate and the doors opened instantly from the moment we said we had booked Q-bic. (It is in the C-tower if you get lost.)Once inside we checked in at an automatic machine that was very userfriendly, not offensive, out of order most of the time or uncomprehensible as so many of these machines on airports and so on. Furthermore there was - even at this hour of the night - a very helpfull young man to assist. The lobby was of a very modern almost virtual design, somehow strange (fireplace beamed in on a flatscreen!) but very original as well as the materials (raw woods, plexiglass, bamboo, plastics...) concerned as the (light) design. The corridors even so: as if we were walking through a slightly enlightened wood of birches. Then the room itself: never seen anything like that: a high-tech modular cabin on a parket floor with a very comfortable double bed (slept like a rose!) on one side with a flatscreen tv on the wall; and on the other side the sanitary: red design-lavabo, toilet and a broad rainshower. One can change the colour of the lights in the room according to the mood you're in: blue, red, yellow, green... There's also an armchair, and two barchairs at the end of the module where one can work on his/her laptop comfortably. Of course there's (wireless) internet-connection. Breakfast was not included but it was worth every cent of the 9 euro extra fee and the Fair Trade-coffee was superb. Other people we met at breakfast and in the lobby were young, alive and positively kicking. For people like me who tend to forget things, f.i. shaving gear, there is an automatic machine in the lobby that distributes handy things like socks, condoms (although one is waiting for you in the room also!), manicure set, panties, credit cards for fitness-sessions and sunbeds, spirits, deodorants, reading glasses, toothpaste and yes... a first aid shaving set! The only minus is the parking fee for the car: 29,50 euro/24 hours. If Q-bic can make a deal with WTC to get rid of this extra cost for its guests, it would be just perfect.Paul KEYSERS, Brussels, Belgium  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	2	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tequila755
<Content>good for short stays The hotel is comfortable and spacious. Disadvantage is open bathroom, no actual closet and there is no window (no daylight or freshair). All facilities are available and very safe. The hotel is situated inside one of the new WTC buildings which have cafes/bar and restaurants, drycleaner, bank, supermarket (take away albert heijn) etc. Location is perfect as it is one station from Schiphol and Zuid station is walking distance. There is also a very near busstation that can take you anywhere in Amsterdam.When you book early the rate of the hotel is low and really worth it.Later bookings make the hotel price too expensive for the hotel facilities it offers.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lucien_Montgomery
<Content>Excellent Hotel - Amazing Rooms, Value, and Staff I just returned from 3 nights at the Hotel Qbic in Amsterdam. I must admit I was a bit apprehensive having never stayed in a cubi hotel previously. The rooms are much bigger and far more cool and interesting than I had imagined based on the site. The decor is exceptional, the cubi is really quite awesome and the room comfortable. The lobby of the hotel is cozy and inviting and the staff couldn't be any better. Maurice truly made our stay and is an asset to the hotel. I highly recommend this hotel and will stay there on all future trips to Amsterdam.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>frequent_travelerBCN
<Content>For 59 euros... it's really expensive First the reservation process was a bit unclear, later to find the hotel in the WTC is not easy at all, I arrived somewhat late and even had to ring for someone to open the doors. I agree that a lot of this I would expect for 59 euro, but once in the room鈥?there鈥檚 this prebuilt steel block that includes bed, shower, wc, etc. which looks pretty cheap by the way. Never figured out how to turn on real lights, all I had was this multicolor reddish-pink-bluish led lighting that made it impossible to read all I could do with it is change it from tilting to steady. For one night after heavy drinking may be ok although the lights may make you vomit鈥?/p>  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	1	3	-1	

<Author>LauraC28
<Content>Excellent stay at Qbic Excellent stay, no doubt best value for money ever experienced  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>AngieV
<Content>Qbic is awesome!       the bed changing colors  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>6705
<Content>Great new concept Once you find the right building and the correct entrance, the wonderfully fresh design welcomes you. The beds are great, the best you'll find in any hotel of any quality. If you're looking for a standard quality hotel with normal features, this may not be the place for you. However if you want to experience a new concept that offers what modern, city travellers need, this is definitely for you.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	3	4	5	

<Author>RodFourn
<Content>Don't even think about it! Tons of issues, this place has problems.Bad1) No outside signage of any kind, its in a mall hidden away nicely.2) You have to be buzzed in after the mall closes, what a hasle.3) No thermostat in the room and windows don't open.4) No towel holders in the bathroom5) No soap dish for the shower.6) No bathroom door, not cool if you are staying with someone.7) No shower curtain or door, water got everywhere including on the toliet paper.8) No bathroom fan!! So you steam up the room9) I requested 2 beds and got them, but they don't come a part! So my buddy had to sleep on the funky couch.10) I am almost 6 feet tall and the bed boxed me in, I slept diagionally so my feet could fit. Not good to tall people!Good1) Price2) Location, just take the 5 into Central Station BAM in the red light disctrict!3) Free WiFI and computers in the lobby, 1 Mac, 1 PC. Nice!4) Free snacks5) Nice staff and very helpful.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	2	3	2	3	3	

<Author>david1974Berlin
<Content>tries hard stayed at qbic in september. location is hard to find based on the directions given on the websitekiosk check-in was a bit dodgy, they had to do my check-in manually (and the person before me) as it didnt seem to want to deliver the cardthe concept is interesting and amazing to think that you can build ahotel pretty much anywhere, but the finishing is quite poor, electric sockets in my room were already starting to pull away from the wall - i would be very interested to see how the rooms look like after 1 year. BUT - the h盲stens bed is just amazing and i had a really good nights sleep, which is after all the main thing you are looking forwould stay again, but only if the price was low  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	1	4	4	

<Author>Cassiu5
<Content>The good outweighs the bad I booked this hotel very early and got an excellent price per night for Amsterdam. This is the first Qbic Hotel, and I think they made a few mistakes with their 'hip hotel' concept in this first attempt, but overall the idea is a good one. They need to give better directions for a start! The World Trade Centre is a big place and while it is on a direct route from Schipol airport, when you arrive at night it's a confusing place. It was only because a previous reviewer had mentioned the hotel was in block C that I managed to see the small sign in the window by the revolving door. You need to ring the buzzer and ask for entry. Once inside the staff helped me check in. There always appeared to be staff present in reception, which is decorated in a very funky Ikea style. I was lucky and had a room with a window, which offered much needed natural light (though not much of a view). The room was very clean with a large comfortable bed. You can pick different mood lighting, but this is more of a novelty than practical. The bathroom is a bit odd, all open, no doors, must be a bit off putting if sharing the room. The shower is very strong, but the water does not drain at all well and can slop over the sides into the toliet area if you take your time. Also, the showerhead is set at around 6 foot, which makes it a little impractical for tall people (and the dutch are very tall). There is no loo holder or towel hooks, strange how the little things niggle you after 6 nights. Finally - I had no cupboard space, only a coatstand with coat hangersPlus sides are the size of the room (huge for Amsterdam); the easy access to Amsterdam (trams and metro system, or less than an hours stroll along the canals); the price is incredibly cheap for Amsterdam if you book early enough; the staff are friendly; the rooms are in a quiet location (though some building work is carried out over the weekend, this being an office block); the rooms are new and modern, without sagging beds and worn carpets!All in all, the Qbic hotels have some teething problems which I hope they resolve, but it is so much better than the previous hotels I have stayed at in Amsterdam/  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	4	3	4	

<Author>C188
<Content>Liked the bed very much This new design hotel was located near the centre, so this was a big plus. The room has a wonderful bed but the toilet was not separated by a door. At checkout we're offered a coffee and some sweet pastry. This was very much appreciated. Given the room and location of the hotel my 79 euros were very well spend!  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	2	2	3	3	

<Author>MISSNUNEZ
<Content>Funky but prob wouldnt stay here again The location itself is ok. Its not far from the city centre but it may seem far if you travel by tram as the tram stops at every corner so the journey seems longer!The hotel itself to look at is really nice and funky and very clean and artsy. To check in is easy and although we needed assistance, someone was there to help and he was always available during the time we were there, if he was needed.We didnt get a window room so we never knew what the weather was like outside nor what time of day it was. Its a good thing my boyfriend had a watch!The TV is situated in a stupid place as u cant really see it due to the glare, they need to bring it down a bit as its too high.The bathroom. Well, if you are not comfortable with going to the toilet in front of your partner, then dont stay here as its an open plan bathroom. Also, if either of you were to do a smelly number 2, it would stink out the whole room. Luckily we didnt experience this but it is a possibility if someone's poos dont smell nice!You cant smoke in the hotel which is something I wasnt initially told but it didnt really matter.Overall it is a nice hotel, but I wasnt overly impressed and would stay somewhere closer to town next time.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelteam07
<Content>Funky spot, but imperfect Great location, right on the tram line, easy access to city center for tourists. Free internet in the lobby is nice. Large beds, comfortable, and lots of sunshine through big windows. Quirks: no front desk or consistent staff presence, no door on the shower/bathroom, no phone or clock in the room, and bed/TV setup that makes it difficult to watch comfortably. The colored lights above the beds are great fun, but don't work reliably. It seems like the place was thrown together quickly. And a note: use discretion with who you bring along -- we had photos of condoms on the wall of our room.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	2	3	5	

<Author>Hazeywoo
<Content>Really nifty budget hotel   showReview(8493062, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>josephogden
<Content>Great place to stay and amazing Price and Staff!!!!   showReview(8450749, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>stylejournalist
<Content> Urban Experience   showReview(8377759, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>xtal
<Content>Great value!   showReview(8266719, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>NYCtravelbuff
<Content>Worst of the worst - and that's being kind   showReview(8260785, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>Maaike_Amsterdam
<Content>Love the concept!   showReview(8251602, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>xtraveler
<Content>Qbic offers perfect quality at a discount price       the Qbic Hotel Room... it i cool, you can play with the lights and change the colors  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>thetraveller_321
<Content>Da tenere in seria considerazione!!   showReview(22574050, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	2	3	3	-1	-1	

<Author>Thomas23f
<Content>Salle de bains 茅pouvantable   showReview(20634125, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>ivebaumberger
<Content>Das farbige Licht funktionierte nicht   showReview(19287843, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	2	2	5	4	-1	

<Author>dagork
<Content>Asi, asi...   showReview(16811796, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	1	2	2	3	

<Author>n2xt
<Content>H么tel et encadrement sympathique   showReview(15418040, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	3	5	5	3	

<Author>rossSaronno
<Content>non fatevi ingannare dal solo aspetto estetico!!!   showReview(15404916, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ozoneMarseille
<Content>Hotel tr猫s agr茅able   showReview(14492375, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>LADY1977
<Content>La stanza della cromoterapia...   showReview(12821910, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>2	5	5	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>parausa
<Content>Consigliato!   showReview(12373936, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	-1	3	

<Author>OlliKoblenz
<Content>Mal etwas ganz anderes...   showReview(11496427, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MallorcaMarkus
<Content>Sie halten, was sie versprechen...   showReview(11123697, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Granada28Sport
<Content>Super Preis-Leistungsverh盲ltnis   showReview(10794522, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tetedebite
<Content>Sympa et original       salle de bains  
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nurmar
<Content>Hotel Interesante Lo mejor la cama   showReview(10026919, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pink9
<Content>Fabuloso el Qbic hotel       recepcion  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>elnobgd
<Content>Design        dans la chambre - le fauteuil  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>yasmina77
<Content>super excellent   showReview(8458764, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>k_lynnVienna
<Content>alles was designhotel hei脽t muss nicht automatisch gut sein   showReview(8429771, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>2	3	1	1	3	2	3	4	

