<Author>CarlaCork_Ireland
<Content>Charming Hotel This is a very beautiful hotel, situated in a quiet street just 1 minute's walk away from the Kurfurstendamm - the main shopping street in Berlin. Rooms and bathrooms are beautiful, everything is spotlessly maintained and the staff are super-friendly and helpful. If you are looking for old-world charm and elegance, this is the place to stay.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>hey_you_too
<Content>Fantastic Fantastic! Great location, great room, great service and great price.Don't expect The Hilton or Four Seasons, but expect clean, comfortable, spacious and friendly. Will absolutely go back next time i'm in Berlin.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>ORKEMI
<Content>A Pleasant Stay This hotel is a very good place to stay. It has old world charm to it -- not some cookie-cutter business hotel. It has a beautiful restaurant and lobby area -- very 19th century. The rooms are also quaint, although a little small. The area was quiet and off the main drags (even though the Hard Rock Cafe is right across the street!).The staff here were all wonderful and very helpful -- spoke great English and were always willing to help out. They gave me a good map of the city to use.Free newspapers in the lobby -- although none were in English. There was a good events newspaper that I used heavily (in English).The hotel is very close to no less than 4 different S-bahn or U-bahn (subway/train) stops. Very easy to base from here and then go any number of directions in the city. It's also very central to many attractions -- such as Charlottenburg, Ka De We, the Zoo, Kurfurstendam, Europe Center. It's not near the new city center though -- but easy access via subways. It was also very easy to get to Tegel airport from here. I walked over to the Zoologischer Garten S-bahn station and caught a 20 minute bus to Tegel for 2.10 Euros -- much cheaper than a taxi (bus runs every 10-15 minutes). It was also easy to get here from the Hauptbahnhof using the S-bahn (straight shot -- no connections).There was one computer with free internet in an office room near the lobby. The room was always open and available. (Nice room too, with a large table and office paper and pens laid out)The bathrooms were fine -- good shower. I didn't have the typical twin bed as a single. I think it was 2 twins put together, but that was better than just one! There were big pillows too! There was no air conditioning, but it wasn't very hot while I was there.Some negatives: 1.) Breakfast was extra and cost 14 Euros. I thought that was a bit pricey for breakfast (especially since that equates to about $19. (It sounds like it was a big breakfast, but I didn't ever go, because of the cost.) 2.) There was no safe in the room, although the staff was very willing to lock up things at the reception 3.) Minibar items were too expensive 4.) Halls can sometimes be a little noisy, because of the old doors closing, etc. 5.) Hotel restaurant looked good, but it was pricey and limited selection (with high-end choices). You weren't going to get a basic Jaegerschnitzel here. The dining room had a beautiful ambience, though. 6.) No coffee/tea making facilities and I didn't see available any in the lobby either.All in all, I liked the hotel, enjoyed my stay there, and would consider staying there again. Like I said, the staff was terrific and did their best to make sure I had a pleasant stay. The room ran me about 70 Euros a night (without breakfast). I guess that isn't too bad a deal in Berlin, but I wouldn't say it was a great deal either. Nice, safe, decent hotel.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Intrepid_Traveler13
<Content>Great Location I chose this hotel for the location and wasn't disappointed. It's very near the posh shopping area, plenty of restaurants, a grocery store, the main bus terminal, and tour buses. The airport bus drops you very near and picks you up even nearer.I loved the ambience of the hotel. I loved the room. The room service food was outstanding. The staff was very helpful and contrary to a review I read before going, they did speak English.I had a lovely room with a balcony-which I enjoyed very much.I would recommend the hotel and I would stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sarahc8208
<Content>Simple, Yet Tasteful The Golden Tulip was a fairly good value. For 90 Euros a night, we received a non-smoking double bed room overlooking a courtroom. The room was nice and clean, though the bed cover and carpeting looked a bit worn. The employees at the front desk spoke English well, which was a pleasant bonus. The hotel is within walking distance of the zooand many different restaurants, bars, and shoppes, which is good since parking seemed to be hard to come by. Considering this was a spur-of-the-moment trip and was put together without much research, Iwas pleased with the Golden Tulip and would recommend it to someone looking for a place to stay in Berlin and who doesn't mind not havingmany frills.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	3	-1	-1	

<Author>mrsmunners
<Content>wonderful hotel Absolutely wonderful Hotel. All the staff were freindly and very helpful, rooms were very clean, and the breakfast was wonderful. A nice little touch was a christmas gift left on the handle of our door on our first morning, which I thought was very sweet. The location was fantastic and close to all the public transport, of which we used all the time ot get to all the major sites. I reccomend travellers to try the public transport as it is first class and very easy and cheap to use, we used a taxi from the airport as we did not know how to get to the hotel by train, which cost us 31 euros but going back to the airport we used the train which cost us 6 euros each. All in all a fantastic stay in Berlin.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Billgorwel
<Content>Old Granduer Just returned from a 2 day stay in Berlin. Hotel is in excellent location, just off the Kurfustendam, (main shopping street in Berlin) within walking distance of Zoological Gardens Station (rail and bus). A couple of good bars, with good menus, within easy walking distance of the hotel. Hotel has all the contempory amenities that help your stay, this does not detract from the era of hotel. Room was clean, tidy and comfortable, with high ceilings and windows looking onto inner court. Staff were friendly and helpful. The only complaints would be that the room we stayed in the shower/toilet area was a bit on the small side for a large person and no coffee/tea making facilities available.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>karenhutcheson
<Content>Absolutely wonderful hotel This hotel is wonderful. The ornate decor of the intererior is amazing. The staff were very friendly, albeit one member of staff who yawned, and looked liked we had bothered her, when we returned one evening and requested drinks from the bar! The rooms were great. Plainly decorated rooms but lovely 12' high ceilings. The bathroom was on the small side but great power shower. Too powerful actually, ended up with a lot of water on the floor! Breakfast was plentiful and varied. The location was superb. Lots of restaurants, bars, - Hard Rock Cafe just across the road - designer shops at the end of the road. Amongst other things, we went to the Tiergarten Zoo which was about 10 minute walk away and had a very pleasant day out. Weather was amazing too! We got a taxi from Shoenfeld Airport and it cost 32 euros. We used taxis a couple of times and they were reasonably priced. Ate at an Indian called Kashmir Palace which was quite near hotel, wouldn't recommend it, out of 4 adults not one of us had a good meal. Went to a Turkish in Kreutzberg, taxi cost 13 euros, called Delphn, I think, well worth the taxi ride. Had a typical German meal in a restaurant just along the street, it too was excellent, but can't rememer what it was called! Loads of things to do. Did the City Tour bus but couldn't really hear all the info from the tour guide due to traffic, would therefore recommend a tour where you get earphones provided. All in all, great hotel in a great location in a great City. You won't be disappointed.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PaulineEG
<Content>Fantastic value! We have just returned from our first visit to Berlin and were very impressed by both the City and the Hotel Residenz. Berlin is a very interesting place to visit with several historical sites, designer shops and plenty of restaurants and cafes. In fact we have already decided to come back next year to cover what we missed (and we will be returning to the Hotel Residenz).The Hotel is ideally located, as previous reviewers have said. A restaurant we can recommend is the Gasthaus Krombach which is just a few minutes walk from the Hotel, which serves Berlin specialiaties, including schnitzels, wurst and apple strudel. To be honest though, all of the food we had during our stay was lovely and very reasonably priced for a capital city.The Hotel is good value for money (we paid around 拢70 for the room per night), considering the location. It had everything we needed - nice clean rooms, friendly staff and was decorated in an interesting Art Deco style. The breakfast was extremely good for continental and included scrambled and boiled eggs, different types of sausage, bacon and smoked salmon as well as various cold meats and cheese.To first-time visitors, we would definitely recommend going on an Original Berlin Walk - these can be booked via the internet or locally in Berlin. We went on a 4-hour tour and were given so much information which we would have missed if we had just walked around by ourselves - all for 12 Euros.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>Spiral2
<Content>Comfort and efficiency in central Berlin Our family of four, (parents and teenagers) stayed at the Golden Tulip Residenz Berlin for three nights at the end of August 2006.From the moment we arrived until we left we found this hotel to be excellent. The staff all spoke excellent English and they were very helpful and efficient in dealing with all our requests. The position of the hotel is excellent on a quiet street off Kurfurstendamn yet within a few minutes walk of the Zoo and of Wittenbergplatz. There are plenty of clothes and shoe stores here and also many restaurants. The U-Bahn is easily accessible although at present there is a lot of disruption on the line into the Mitte area. All three of the rooms we had in the hotel were very plain in d茅cor but had every thing we needed and in addition two had small balconies over the courtyard which always pleases me. Bathrooms were fine with excellent power showers 鈥?although the curtains were inclined to block the water outlets. The beds were a little on the firm side for my taste but were clean as was the rest of the hotel.However the best point about the hotel (other than the staff) was the really excellent breakfast. This was extensive, with bacon, sausage and scrambled eggs available in addition to a large variety of cereals, fresh fruit and dried fruit. Also there was a large selection of rolls, toast and smoked and cold meats and cheese including smoked salmon. This is normally, I believe, about 13 Euros each but we got it as a bed and breakfast deal - an excellent bargain.If we visit Berlin again we will certainly use this hotel and recomend it to our friends.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel We've just returned from our first visit to Berlin which is a phenomenal city, and I'm delighted we chose to stay at the Residenz. We got it for about 拢50 a night, including breakfast which shows the internet is worth searching around!The hotel is centrally located, in fact it's perfect. You're about 500m from the U-Bahn, and the Ku'damm is a great shopping area. There are also some lovely restaurants nearby.The room was decent enough, high ceilings and doors, and all very clean. My one beef was that the double bed was two beds pushed together and the pillows were fairly uncomfortable.The staff were incredibly pleasant and helpful, and our child was spoilt rotten by them at breakfast! Incidentally, the breakfast was excellent too!I'll stay here again - great value, great hotel.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Itaiphile
<Content>A Taste of old Berlin Considering the price, this hotel is a real find. Located on a quiet street off the Kurfurstendamm, it has lots of charming Art Nouveau touches from when it was built at the turn of the century -- overall, a nice taste of old Berlin. The rooms (mine was 90 euros a night) are well furnished and decently sized, with high ceilings and tall windows, so that even if your room faces the courtyard you get lots of sunshine. I found the staff very pleasant and helpful, the breakfasts delicious, the location excellent (in fact Meinekestrasse has several good restaurants, especially the Italian Arlecchino down the block). I would certainly recommend staying here, and I intend to stay here again myself.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kaz1957
<Content>Very good location Nice rooms, excellent location just off the main shopping street the Kudam. Trains above and below ground very easy to reach and very cheap! Only downside to Hotel was the staff they didnt really understand English very well at all, so not easy to communicate. Lovely buffet breakfast with everything you can think of to eat and drink excellent.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>redcayenne
<Content>Best Employee of our Trip After 5 weeks touring Germany, Poland, Austria, Hungary,  Czeck Republic, this hotel won our award for Best Employee! Martin at the front desk speaks many languages, and truly anticipates everything you might need to make your vacation effortless! Location is terrific! And being that close to a major train station (Zoogarten) makes life easy for excursions of every kind. We received a large room on the courtyard, with a balcony. It was perfect for sharing a cocktail with friends before the evening events, or OJ the morning after. Our friends' room was also on the courtyard, and while not as large as ours, had a HUGE bathroom! One surmises that each room is different. This may not be in the hot and trendy spot, as another review complains, but it is just of Kurfurstendamm home of the best name fashion designer shopping outside of Paris, and all the accompanying real estate. (IMHO) So it just depends on what trends you're into, I guess. Breakfast is not included in the room and runs about $10Euros.  Just so you know who is reviewing, we are a middle-age hetero couple. I travel extensively on a very generous expense account, but have travelled Europe on my own account 5 times for over 4 weeks each trip. This hotel is a bit above average for what I would accept on my own tab. I think it's very well priced for location, accommodation, and the fact that it is in Berlin - not a cheap town to explore. I'd stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Will stay there again Everyone has their own criteria for a great hotel, and location is one of my most important elements. Meineke Strasse, just off the Ku'dam is about as good as it gets. One couple, to whom I recommended this hotel, said, You actually don't ever have to leave the block on which this hotel is located And that is true; quiet, yet full of different restaurants and shops, the street also features a coffee shop with computers where you can log in to check e-mail. It is a v short walk to the u-bahn, and there must be 10 bus routes which stop on the corner. Now, the hotel could use a makeover, no doubt about it, but you get what you pay for, and the basics were just fine for me. I would, indeed, stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>pinkelvis
<Content>Disappointing Residenz We stayed at the Residenz during a Berlin-weekend in December 2003. The hotel is located near Kurf眉rstendamm. However, this aeria isn't the city's hot spot anymore. Our room facing the courtyard was very quiet but very cramped and dark, too. The furniture was really old-fashioned and the fixed carped hiding a parquet floor was long 20 or 30 years old and disgusting. The bath curtain was so unluckily fixed that the small bath room was overwhelmed every morning. The fitness room consists of 3 cardio-equipment and nothing more and they aren't able to support you with goggles for the solarium. Our room rate didn't include breakfast and 13,- extra pP per day seemed really inadequate so that we decided to have our breakfast outside the hotel. The staff at the reception was shortspoken, if not to say unfriendly. The Residenz Berlin is definitely no four-star and not worth the price postet in our room ( 153,-). We payed 80,- for the room due to online reservation over wotif website and in our opinion it's the upper limit you should spend for it!  
<Date>Dec 12, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JoCoiner
<Content>Was f眉r eine positive 脺berraschung!   showReview(21167803, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Nudelauflauf
<Content>Horror!   showReview(11602052, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 16, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	4	2	1	1	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>F眉r die sehr zentrale...   showReview(11395343, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 31, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

