<Author>traveleyes2
<Content>OMG - These People Have No Concept of Customer Service If you're looking for the worst customer service imaginable, then the CLIFT is for you. They do the bare minimum at best on everything starting with the reservations desk. These employees really hate their jobs and could care less. Want Grief? Stay Here!!!  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>1	1	-1	2	-1	1	1	-1	

<Author>BossHanson
<Content>Location, Location, Location Having read some of the reviews of The Clift, I went fearing the worst. But I have stayed at Morgan Group hotels before and know they tend to be above average. We booked a great rate the week before from Expedia UK and went for a Superior Room - not the worst and not the best. On check in (for 4 nights) I was told I could upgrade if I wanted to for $100 total, but we were really happy with the room - the bed is great, the shower amazing, and the use of large windows and two huge mirrors made it seem very light and large. The room feels individual - beautiful furniture and lights, and all mod cons are there. Staff were great: friendly and very responsive. Cannot fault them. Yes, the decor is a little pretentious, and if you don't want to pay $18 for a martini in a dark room, cross the street to The Owl Tree for a drink or three. The location cannot be bettered - you can walk out to anywhere and while you're never escape the sirens in this part of town, the height of the hotel offers commanding views of the city. This was my third visit to San Fran, a City I love to bits, and The Clift was a great place to stay (when we normally go independent and boutique). The decor of the hotel is a little more show-off LA, but the attitude of the staff is much more down to earth. Also - we had a great meal at a new restaurant called Gitane -- opened by an Italian serving Spanish influenced food - worth seeking out on Claude, with an excellent wine list.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>hoostraveler
<Content>Underwhelming; No Reason To Stay Here Again Stayed at the Clift Hotel for an onsite wedding. Two night stay.Overall, a pretty underwhelming experience. As expected, the room and bathroom were small. Bathroom had very little countertop space and the shower pressure was uneven. The room had limited space beyond the king sized bed. The modern design just felt dated. Bed was comfortable though. Below average number of TV channels. Noise was a problem. We could hear music from our room both nights. Also, didn't like having to present our key to get in to the hotel itself at night. The bar was packed - we wanted to hang out there, but decided to skip it. BTW - we did get a couple free cocktail coupons at check-in.In summary, a pretty dated hotel that fails to be hip. I wouldn't stay here again unless I had to. Prefer the St. Regis or Four Seasons for sure.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	-1	3	3	3	

<Author>drucash7
<Content>Fine Hotel for the Price This hotel is in a great location near Union Square. The staff was very helpful and kind. The rooms were quite small but we didn't spend much time there anyway. The lobby  the hallways are very dark which make it somewhat uninviting.You can walk to many great restaurants, shows  other attractions which is very nice.Don't know if I will go back, but overall the stay was nice.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>Pippo3000
<Content>Great choice when discounted rates available We just love the Morgans Hotel Group and stayed at many of its other hotels before. So, when we decided to go to SF for an extended weekend we knew we would try the Clift. The hotel is kind of hip, in downtown just some steps away from Union Square. Lobby, bar (try the cucumber cooler!) and the interior in general are stylish as expected. Rooms tend to be very small so we booked a superior room via hotels.com at a very competitive rate, almost half the price the Clift asked for online. Thus, the room was roomier but the bathroom was still a joke; you can hardly sit on the toilet without squeezing yourself between wall and sink. Anyway, room was clead and quiet. The restaurant Asia de Cuba is excellent, the waiter recommended just to order 3 appetizers for my wife and me and he was right: way enough for a 'regular' hunger at a resonable fare. And not only cheaper but also hipper than the Le Colonial where we ate the other night. We would come back to the Clift.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Monty2212
<Content>Great Location but small rooms Great location, very central. Staff were nice but quite pretentious. Room was small - bathroom tiny and the worst facilities we experienced on the west coast relative to price i.e. tiny TV, shower etc. Definitely a place to be seen so I'm sure it's a hit with locals...  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	3	3	3	

<Author>ce1875
<Content>Chic and Trendy A very chic operation in a great location. I found all the staff to be extremely cheery and helpful and experienced none of the snootiness mentioned in earlier reviews. The bar seems to be the destination for a fashionable San Francisco crowd but don't let that put you off.The rooms are quite minimalist but in a good way and all of the furnishings are clearly of a very high quality. The one downside - quite the smallest bathroom I have ever seen in my life. Our Time Out Guide had told us to prepare us for that, but even then I didn't think it would be quite as small as it was. Having said that, I would stay here again, so it wasn't a deal breaker.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>SAM99LosAngeles
<Content>Nice on the surface - but everything than professional or reliable Being a Guest @ the Clift of San Francisco gives you great first impression - nice and stylish lobby with sofas made from /decorated with ivory teeth (Is that being allowed to be imported into the U.S.?).The room consits of cool designed interiors with added mirros - infinity style - so don麓t stay in there too long you my get dizzy ;-)They Serve Breakfast - dishes start @ around 25$ - the lame Continental Buffet is @ 30$ way to expensive - way tooooooo!Room Service is alway plus a lot of additional charges - not just the Tip.Valet Parking!!!It麓s a unbelivable 65,-- US$ per Night.Valet Parking is lame - I have waited a couple of times more than 30 Minutes for my ride.Restaurant and Bar are nice - lots of shiny people hanging out there - but as experienced - just get rid of their overdose in the lobby - honestly - we came back from a nice dinner and two guys were vomiting over the whole nice lobby - my wife will never go to the Clift again.Go there for a drink, Party or Dinner but never think of staying there to enjoy San Francisco or a business trip.Btw. Business - Internet access is 14,50$ thats fair - but the bandwith is maybe 28.8 Modem Century - absolutely unacceptable.Staff is friendly - but that only helps a bit - we celebrated my birthday - and expected a little message by the management - but nothing appeared.Sorry for this review - but be warned - we will never choose them again - there are way better options - like the W and other nice Places.S.F. Nov. 9th 2008  
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	3	4	4	4	1	

<Author>wings602
<Content>Modern  I loved this hotel! I had read some of the bad reviews left and was a little scared staying here. On our arrival we where treated like royalty! We where given the room we wanted and we had asked for a room on the top floors. The Clift is modern and the atmosphere is incredible. The location also outstanding!I will never stay anywhere else in San Francisco!  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lnhansen
<Content>Fancy Schmancy This was a really fun place to stay in San Francisco. I found a fantastic rate on Hotwire for this hotel. The hotel's interior is gorgeous with much attention to detail. The bar was quite fun and the location is unbeatable. I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	-1	3	

<Author>LPS77NewYork
<Content>I loved this place! The Clift was one of my favorite hotels. It's a modern boutique hotel, without any attitude. Our room was clean and comfortable, the hotel has a great fitness center, and there's also a restaurant and bar in the hotel. We hung out at the bar a couple times and it was a great place to grab a drink or dessert. The hotel is in a central area, a few blocks from Union Square, which was great for us because we love to walk everywhere. I found it was a 15-25 minute walk to most neighborhoods from the hotel. The only minus was there wasn't a coffee maker in the room  the bed wasn't the most comfortable, but it wouldn't hold me back from staying there again.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>sdc0915
<Content>Not Impressed At All Beside the kinda cool lobby, this hotel was pretty bad. The rooms were tiny, old looking and worst of all the walls were VERY THIN. You could hear every door in the hallway open and close and could hear everything going on in the room next door. Absolutely nothing about this hotel was comfortable. Would never stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	3	3	1	

<Author>induren
<Content>Chic, Hip, Trendy ....  The Clift is a great hotel is you are looking for a boutique, non-traditional, luxury hotel in San Francisco. Its located a block away from Union Square  within walking distance from many restaurants.The place has an overall chic modern vibe to it which hits you the minute you step into the lobby - a cool/hip bar, promising restaurant (we didn't eat there)  excellent service.On the flip side, the rooms are ok - very clean, above average fittings/bed, no real complaints - we got a room without a view which felt dark, however they probably have better rooms.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	2	4	5	5	4	

<Author>rlsbenz
<Content>Clift Equals Elegance with Personal Service Clift Hotel truly knows how to provide luxurious comfort, superior service, and a How may I serve you? attitude!As seasoned, world-wide traverlers (business and pleasure), my wife and I were tremendioulsy impressed with the facility, people, and service. Our 5-night stay at Clift made our San Francisco vacation a most memorable time.The room was exceptionally clean and perfect in ambiance.The restaurant food was simply delicious (no need to eat out).The doormen always greeted us with courtesy and by name.The concierge provided service beyond belief.The front desk personnel were most friendly and helpful (they even knew our name before we arrived to check-in).Will we return to Clift Hotel? Count on it! We will stay no other place in San Francisco. Mr. and Mrs. R.L. Shangle  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rustymomo
<Content>Great decor - worst service in a long time       lobby  
<Date>Sep 26, 2008
<Rating>1	3	4	4	4	1	1	2	

<Author>TorontoEnglishRose
<Content>Loved the Clift Hotel! We just returned from San Francisco having spent 6 wonderful days at the Clift Hotel The service was outstanding and we could not believe how helpful and pleasant all the staff were. There were always a couple of gentlemen greeting us at the door as we entered and left and they always had a cheery word for us. Check-in was fast and efficient and we felt special from the moment we arrived. We had a lovely, quiet, room which was very clean. The duvet and pillows were a crisp, fresh white and with the sunny exposure, the room looked very inviting, One evenning I was not feeling well and was in the elevator on my way to the lobby, when one of the staff saw me and offered to get room service to bring me up a warm cup of tea , or if I preferred, he would bring me tea in the lounge if I wanted to sit quietly. Now that's service for you!!The lobby was funky as were the elevators in dark mirrored shades of emerald green, purple and red. We loved the Clift and would defintely stay there again. Oddly enough, we had read some not very flattering reviews of this hotel before we went and I must admit we were quite concerened. However, we were thrilled with the service we received and the location of the hotel is perfect. Only a couple of blocks to Union Square and convenient to get anywhere in the city. Kudos to the Management and staff of the Clift Hotel. You've done a fine job.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kimberleyinca
<Content>Wonderful! My husband and I stayed at this hotel over Labor Day Weekend, I was very happy with the accomodations, even though the bathrooms are tiny! The rooms were very clean, the staff were friendly, helpful, and really seemed happy to be there. We didn't spend alot of time in the hotel and did eat here at all so I cannot review that part of the accomodations. It was a little noisy, but seriously you are in the heart of a huge city, somethings can't be helped. One thing to add, 8 hours after leaving this hotel my husband discovered he had left his brand new laptop in the room. Needless to say he was very upset. I called back to the Clift and was put on the line with the security office. Not only were they nice, but they assured me the computer was in their hands and that it would be shipped to my home ASAP. I was amazed at the honesty and believe that The Clift should be very proud of their staff!  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Jet9
<Content>Hicups Upon arrival at 8 pm the confirmed type of rooms was not available. The lady at the receiption promissed to move us the next day around noon. At 1 pm the promissed rooms were about to be ready, at 2 pm only the mini bars have to be checked and you can switch rooms and at 2:30pm Sorry, the rooms were given to other guests by mistake. 3:00 pm: You can move in 30 minutes. 4:00pm: You can move every second. 4:30 pm Ooops. Finally at 5 pm we received much bigger rooms than originally booked: Super huge suites!Same with some other services - It is like the left hand does not know what the right hand is doing: If you have your laundry picked up for cleaning service, they will return your laundry the same day, but not give you a new laundry bag. No big deal if they wouldn't charge you 35 bucks for the missing laundry upon departure. Or the mini bar: When you arrive, everything is great. You drink a bottle of wine the first night, they will remove the used wine glasses the next morning, but never give you new glasses. About the bar area: The bar is really nice and fun and fully packed with young local people on the weekends. All seats are reserved, but there is no way you can reserve a seat in advance (even for hotel guests), unless you order a bottle of Vodka or better for 140 USD.They offer you seating in the lobby, which is very windy, if not stormy. Whenever someone opens the the main door of the hotel a tremendous wind blows right into the lobby.Besides all these little hicups, the Clift is a fancy and nicely designed hotel for a reasonable price. The rooms are clean, designed by Starck and Schrager and the staff tries to be helpful. If you want better services you may want to chose the Ritz Carlton or Mandarin Oriental, where you pay about 50% more.Not recommended for families: The restaurant does not have any kids menu!Try to get a room to the back: The street in front of the hotel is very noisy!!!  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	4	5	2	3	4	

<Author>jltr
<Content>eccentric... This is a very eccentric hotel. I expected this from the pictures, but the feel within the hotel gave it all a different spin. I'd recommend this place to young people ready to party...PROS:- Great location, 2 blocks from Union Square- Hip/Trendy lobby and lounge- Friendly and welcoming staff- Adequate room (in a jr. studio)CONS:- thin walls; we could hear (and smell) what was going on in the hallways, including the giggling girls hanging out and smoking in the hallway before their night out- cleanliness could be improved. The bathroom had a few broken fixtures (toilet paper was falling off the stand) and there were black marks all over the white walls and floors- small bathroom (with the feel of a very loud public toilet)- cheap furniture. The decor looked sleek from afar, but up close, it looked cheap and it was uncomfortable on top of that (especially the bed). If you're looking for luxury or comfort, this is not for you.- dark ambience. The feel in the lounge was one thing, but the green/red/purple colors in the elevator made it a difficult adjustment on the eyes when transitioning from the light outside- quality of food. Asia de Cuba is an average place to eat. Both NY and SF have the same menu to offer, but execution in SF was off, making this a below average experience. We ordered straight off of the menu with no changes, and still 2 of our orders were incorrect (chicken in lieu of short ribs, and donuts instead of carrot cake?). One of the plates had a completely burnt item on it. The only thing this restaurant has to offer above the NY location is the restaurant atmosphere. The vibe is much hipper, and the music piped in from the Redwood Room is pretty good...  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	2	4	4	-1	

<Author>wababy
<Content>I loved the Clift We just got back from a trip to San Fran and stayed at the Clift. I have never written a review about a hotel, but we had such a fantastic stay at the Clift that I felt I had to share it. This is a wonderful hotel. The staff bends over backwards to assist you in everything! I never had to open a door once. When I requested something sent to my room, it arrived quickly. It is quiet, roomy, clean and the sheets and beds are the best I have slept on. Great place! And reasonably priced for the city.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tawolters
<Content>A lot of room for improvement at Clift... My friend and I stayed at the Clift hotel in early August 2008 for 4 nights, and were quite disappointed given the cost of the hotel. Upon arrival, there was repeated confusion about our resrevation and we were informed that the Clift cannot honor room information from Expedia (which made us wonder why they accept reservations from Expedia in the first place)After the room debacle was settled, we had to switch rooms on our second day after we had been kept up most of the night by a baby in the neighboring room and the paper thin walls provided no buffer. The hotel is very focussed on being a scene in San Francisco, but unfortunately this comes at the cost of service to customers. Upon entering the hotel on Friday night, the doorman asked if we were hotel guests or going to the bar, we answered that we were hotel guests, to which he stepped aside and let us open the door by ourselves...not the service you expect for a $350/night hotel.Overall, for the price, I would certainly suggest that there are far better deals in San Francisco...the walls are thin, the room furnishings while chic appear cheap, the service is so-so, and overall, the hotel has a lot of work to get to international high standards.The Asia de Cuba restaurant is outstanding.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>Petunia331
<Content>A Hip Atmosphere, in an Old Building       Tiny Bathroom  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	4	2	

<Author>mjtan
<Content>Pleasantly surprised Got a great rate from Hotwire and stayed at the Clift for 3 nights. Staff was friendly and always smiling. My wife and I traveled with our 2 year old toddler and we felt very comfortable in the room. Room size was small for a four star hotel and also the bathroom. But everything was clean and housekeeping is very courteous and helpful. Ipod dock in room was a nice touch as I left my charger back home. Don't expect too much from the room. It has a king size bed, comfortable sheets and comforter. The table in the room is a little small, television seems like it was bought from a surplus shop back in the early 90s but DVD player was appreciated. (movie rentals are available for about 12 bucks a night it would make more sense to buy a DVD disc at Borders or Virgin which are both a few blocks away.) There was also a serious lack of storage space in the room.Bathroom was tight. I mean real tight.Noise from the street is real bad. Once of the drawbacks of being in the city, I guess.Overall, we enjoyed our stay at the Clift and would stay there again if given a competitive rate. Location was perfect for a weekend of just lounging and shopping.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	5	3	4	3	

<Author>eloquentlight
<Content>Worst hotel experience to my memory Upon checking in, our room (610) smelled so strongly of cigarette smoke my fiancee had an allergic reaction and did not sleep all night. We spoke with John, the manager on duty, and he could not fix the problem - according to him, the hotel was completely sold out, and we might be able to be moved to another room the next day. The bathroom was tiny, as was the room - far below our expectations for a hotel at this price point. Also, the bathroom was poorly maintained - the caulking around the tile was loose and moldy, the shower head was so intense we could not take a shower without extreme discomfort from the pressure of the water. Furthermore, the iPod dock was not functioning.The following morning, we requested and received a larger room (1225). This room was larger, and more up to our standards. It smelled of stale cigarette smoke, but not as horribly as our previous room. There were cigarette burns in the carpet, even though this room was non smoking. We felt as is there were no rooms that did not smell like smoke, and so we settled on that room.After being in 1225 one night, we received notice that we were checking out that day under our door, even though we were due to check out the next day. I had to return to the front desk and resolve that problem.During our stay, the wait staff in the restaurant was extremely inattentive and aloof. The service we received there was the worst restaurant service we have ever received. Overall, the staff was pleasant, though not very friendly, did not remember us, and was not very welcoming. My fiancee and I will not stay ever again at the Clift, and we would advise you to do the same.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	4	2	2	5	

<Author>ReedC
<Content>Only if it's on the company. Stayed here on business. The lobby is incredibly comfortable, which is in stark contrast to the rooms, which are coldly minimalist. And, I know it's a cliche, but the walls are truly paper thin. I could clearly hear the guy next door talking on the phone - almost word-for-word. Asia de Cuba's (the restaurant) prices almost caused me to have a seizure. But, on a positive note, the front desk staff was very gracious and helpful even though they were stressed from being sold out for 4 days straight. And, the location is very good.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>JTVancouver
<Content>Funky, Quiet and a great location We booked through TravelZoo and got a super deal for three nights, about half price of their regular rate! We were aware of the poor staff reviews, but were pleasantly surprised; everyone was extremely helpful and friendly, always ready with a smile and greeting. And we were not dressed to match the decor and feel 鈥?runners and jeans. I was surprised at the mix of guests 鈥?Europeans, families, business travelers and yuppies - not all stylin鈥?urbanites.I was surprised at the size of their room, after visiting the teeny tiny rooms of their Hudson! It was nicely done up, quiet, comfy linens and pillows and great light blocking drapes. To be picky - carpet had some stains, TV was very small (but rarely had it on), and breakfast buffet was weak if it we didn鈥檛 have vouchers would have felt quite ripped off!Overall really enjoyed the funky lobby, all the different seating areas, the location was great (a few blocks from the trolleys and BART), service was great and price was right! Would absolutely stay here next time.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	3	5	-1	

<Author>LawrenceNYC
<Content>Lost my reservation / staff was not apologetic So here's a case of a hotel that thinks it is too cool to have to worry about customer service. I booked a two night stay specifically so that I could come in off the redeye (from Japan) and check into my room early. I do ths often, so I know my travel agency (AmEx) is good at making sure that this will work. So I get to the front desk, and I am informed that I was deemed a no-show from the first night. I was charged the full room rate. And then I am told my reservation was therefore canceled and that they are sold out for my second night.... wow, major surprise. of course, I can't believe what I am hearingAfter some conversation, out comes the manager, who says that, actually, they do have rooms for the night, but at a rate 60% higher than what was on my reservation. He actually, with a straight face, indicates he is more than happy to accommodate me at this higher rate. *choke* *gag* I cannot imagine a more outrageous thing. They resold my room, and then want to charge me a higher rate.Here's the happy ending. AmEx gets on the line with the hotel - this is good - they have a recording of the conversation where AmEx specifically notified them I would be arriving early in the morning. Of course, they now have to honor my room rate.What's the worst part? Not even an I'm sorry from the manager. Got a free breakfast from one of the front desk staff.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>1	2	3	4	3	1	-1	3	

<Author>Critical_But_Fair
<Content>Hip, Fun, and Great Service I stayed at the Clift for five nights, and I recommend this hotel if you are looking for a hip, sometimes loud, and fun place to stay in San Francisco. The hotel is a few blocks from Union Square.I liken the Clift to a higher-end W hotel. Cool decor, young staff who are eager to help (much more so than the Ws I have stayed), great food and drink, and a terrific night scene in the Rosewood Room (bar/ultra lounge).I strongly recommend a suite. The standard room is too small if there is more than one person in the room. I would not classify the Clift as an excellent value, but I will stay here again.All the employees, especially the concierges, did their very best to make me and my party happy. No complaints at all with the service.Spent two nights in the Rosewood Room. This lounge is on par with most Vegas ultra lounges.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jenmelrog
<Content>Clift Hotel--Roach Hotel?? I just returned from the worst hotel experience of my life. I had booked through hotels.com and requested a 2 double bed suite. When we got there, they said that they did not have our room for us, but they did have a king size bed. That was not going to work for the 5 of us. They then took an hour trying to figure out what they could do for us, at 12 in the morning tired from traveling all day. They finally said they had to down grade our room to a regular room with 2 double beds. When we got to our room, there was a frikking cockroach the size of my thumb running around. I captured it under the trashcan and put a water bottle on top to hold it in. The maid never cleaned it and charged us 15 for the water. ( maybe they didn't see it??) The room itself was ok, but the tv is about a 27 inch tube tv. So tiny for the size of the room, although we weren't really there for tv. The next morning we went to the restaurant for breakfast and the prices were ridiculous. 20 dollars for a waffle, 5 dollars for coffee, 7 dollars for Oj, and 35 for a buffet so crappy its like a buffet you would get at any other hotel for free. Our waiter never got us coffee refills, even though we asked him 3 times. Breakfast for 5 people cost about 200 dollars. Then in the evening, we went to the ridiculously pretentious bar. They made me take off my bachlorette party gear because They have a dress code. We then sat down got our drinks and asked them to take our picture. The waitress basically said no to us so a guy (in a visor, shorts and a t-shirt ----what dress code???) took our picture. The waitress never came back to check on us or ask us if we wanted any more drinks or anything. We left without leaving a tip. Now, I will say after all this, we were comped very well. After the downgrade, they gave us a 200 some dollar refund, 160 for breakfast, and the free round of drinks in the evening. When they found out about the cockroach, they comped us the 2 nights of parking there (115 dollars). The comps sort of made up for the bad stay, but I would never recommend anyone ever stay there.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	4	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>DocCarlos
<Content>Still a very good place to stay I really like this hotel. Stayed for 4 nights in late June, booked a deluxe room and was upgraded to a very nice and spacious studio king. Yes, the bathrooms badly let the rooms down, but overall I think this is a very good choice for a central, mid-priced, stylish hotel which has a clubby vibe. Staff were all exeptionally friendly. On a previous stay there were problems with sound-proofing, but none this time. I'd recommend you ask for a quiet room, either at the end of a corridor, or on a corner. I'd definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	2	

<Author>olithecat
<Content>Slick The Clift is a very cool hotel in the heart of San Francisco. Everything is designed to be cool including the staff. People are friendly and helpful but beware unless you are from the beautiful tree you might not feel completely welcome.They also like to charge you for everything including internet access and bottled water which really annoys as the room price is high.Great bar and a really expensive but good restaurant.We liked it but would probably stay somewhere a bit more chilled next time such as Haight Ashbury.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	5	3	5	2	

<Author>travvelover
<Content>Great location, subpar service and amenities My boyfriend and I decided to stay there on a last minute whim over the holiday weekend (3 nights). I was very excited from the website and the trendy photos but realized that when we got there it was more show than substance. A lot of attention was paid to an incredibly modern decor but not as much to friendly service or amenities. I would agree that some of the staff can be less than enthused by your questions or can seem pretentious, but overall, they were very helpful. The concierge was definitely able to suggest some nice spots to grab a drink or a bite. The rooms are definitely small and the tv is definitely tiny, but this was to be expected after reading the other comments on this website. We didn't mind that as much because all we wanted was a comfortable bed and a place to keep our stuff while we explored the city. Pros: Location, location, location, decor like that of a modern piece of art, comortable bed, nice bath products and robes, ipod dockCons: General lack of lighting in the common areas, small rooms, unenthusiastic service (overall). The staff seemed to stand around to be seen more than to be of service or helpful.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>christiem
<Content>Sadly, all of these bad reviews are correct. We ended up at the Clift because there were a lot of events going on in San Francisco the weekend we went, and every where else was booked. We hated it. The furniture in the rooms is really cheesy and cheap. Our friends' room was supposed to be an upgraded room, and when they saw our room, they realized that not only was their room smaller, but the bed was even smaller (a queen instead of a king). After a lot of complaining at the front desk they finally got a different room, and it was fine, but I wouldn't have called it upgraded. Our friends also got gift certificates for the restaurant there, and when we went to use them we were told that there was no way they could get us in, they were completely booked. After a little more complaining at the front desk, they did let us in, but it turns out we would have been better off had they just turned us away. Everything is extremely expensive, so I thought it would also be extremely good, and it WAS NOT. It was so bad, I had a couple bites of each thing and left hungry. It wasn't just marginal, I could not eat it. My friends and I sat wondering if we just ordered the wrong things, or if everything on the menu was that bad. Breakfast there is good though, not fantastic, but good. The service is not great, the whole place is kind of snooty and cold. For the price of the Clift, I would expect much, much more. When I read the bad reviews before we left I was still optimistic, thinking it couldn't possibly be that bad. I was extremely disappointed to discover that the bad reviews were right on.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	3	1	1	1	

<Author>LillyAtlanta
<Content>Great hotel, but not for everyone The Clift is a wonderful hotel, but as the reviews reveal, you either love it or hate it. Here's my take: If you like to dress in Nikes, cargo shorts, T-shirts and baseball caps, you'll hate it. If you booked online with price being your only criteria and didn't do your homework, you'll also hate it. The decor is an acquired taste. It's pretty out there when you first walk in, but that's the point. Very dim lighting, and the furniture looks as if Tim Burton decorated it with leftovers from the set of Beetlejuice They really stress form over function, but the crazy seating in the lobby is really quite comfortable. From our experience, everyone on the hotel staff was friendly and professional, from the doormen to the bartenders in the Redwood room. The rooms were very comfortable also. Bathrooms were on the small side, but this hotel is not about hanging out in the bathroom, or watching TV, for that matter. Again, I think ones experience at the hotel depends totally on perspective. If you embrace the quirkiness and have a positive attitude, you will love the experience, from the atmosphere to the staff, but if you walk in and immediately feel as if it wasn't what you expected of a 4 star hotel and you don't fit in, you will find things to complain about..To those people, I'd suggest that they do a little research next time and stay somewhere else.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ilove2travelgal
<Content>Ew. Yuck. This would be a Zero Star Review if we had the option! We were recommended the Clift by a friend who lives in SF and were excited when we saw the trendy photos on the web. We had friendly service when we checked in ... and then it all went downhill. The bathroom was smaller than most public restroom stalls and the shower did some weird scalding/freezing thing. There was no air vent in the bathroom so all of the mirrors and the window in the room fogged up with condensation and made the room feel wet and smell moldy. We tried to open the window (with help from the maintenance guy) and it actually came off the wall! We had to shut it and lock it just to keep it in place. There were stains in the carpet and weirdly, the cd on the nightstand was WET (yuck!) when we picked it up to check it out.I've read the reviews and the tvs ARE tiny, but hey, we were in SF for vacation and the last thing we wanted to do was watch tv. The breaking point for me was the staff. Service apparently is not a word they are familiar with. From the snobby and rude reception (and can we say SLOW?) to the incredibly pretentious servers in the Redwood Room, I found it hard to believe that we were at a 4 star hotel.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BetterThanBeckham
<Content>Worth going back to! The Clift Hotel was amazing! It's somewhat hidden and inconspicuous (there's no signage outside) so you immediately feel like you're avoiding the tacky Las Vegas-style hotel. The lobby and entire lower level looks fantastic- it's dark and has a hip, young vibe. The bar and restaurant were both PACKED with a fun, trendy crowd every night we were there! The service was the best part of the experience. Every employee we spoke to was genuinely friendly and helpful in solving any problems that arose. (It also helps that the women who work at the hotel are good looking.) The concierge was knowledgable and recommended some of the best restaurants that I've been to in the U.S.My only complaint is about some of the furniture in the rooms. It looks cheap, especially the smaller tables which were made of translucent orange plastic. I will admit, though, that the beds are VERY comfortable. I overheard another guest complaining about the size of the TVs, which are rather small, but who watches television when they should be out exploring the city anyway?This hotel is best suited for young people who like to socialize, but I think anyone would feel comfortable there. There were a few children running around who looked out of place in the hotel's atmosphere, but even they were greeted with smiles from the staff.It was an excellent stay overall. I will definitely return to the Clift Hotel whenever I visit San Francisco.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>travelergrrrrl
<Content>50/50 The hotel is beautiful. There is atmosphere EVERYWHERE 鈥?from the darkened lair of a lobby, the colored glass in the elevators, the sparse and sleek furnishings of the bedrooms 鈥?but I'm not sure the price was worth it. The staff could be super accomodating, but they could also be flakey (how hard is it to get a New York Times and a San Francisco Chronicle at your door? It's on their website as an ammentity, but of all 9 days we stayed there, it only happened once (and I asked over and over and over....)) and the staff could also be snobbish. They seem to expect tips for the most minimal work. Oh, and while the room service is DELICIOUS it's pricey. Entrees are $20 for starters, and they charge $3.50 for bringing it upstairs, 15% gratutity and 5% for fun. Continental breakfast for two? That'll be $65. And everything in the area is absurdly overpriced (but if you walk two blocks into the Tenderloin, the prices become absurdly reasonable. Dottie's Cafe is amazing, as are the little Vietnamese places).And the room was fabulous. The linens were perfect, the view was wonderful and the location was incredible. We walked to Chinatown, we walked to the Mission, we took the Market Street buses EVERYWHERE. Oh, and the iPod dock was clutch.All in all, I guess it was a trade off.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	3	3	1	

<Author>newcastlebell
<Content>Fabulous! We had a fab time at the Clift. The room was a very good size and had a king bed with a seperate dressing room/desk area. The bed was very very comfortable and the decor was modern and contemporary. Yes the bathrooms are small but how much time are you going to spend in a bathroom! The bar is lovely and has a great atmosphere but make sure you reserve a table. Watch out for the portraits on the walls! Overall a great stay  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Setanta04
<Content>We really liked it!!! I had reservations about this hotel from the reviews on here beforehand but we decided to go ahead and stay here for part of our Honeymoon.We took the unusual step of contacting the hotel before we booked it and asking for some information regarding the rooms.Assistant Manager Jenny Chmieleski was our contact and she could not have been more helpful.And we stayed at this hotel because of the help that Jenny gave us.Many Thanks Jenny,you really reassured us about your fabulous hotel.We got upgraded one level as a honeymoon bonus and we got upgraded when we arrived also to a Junior Suite.Aaron our bellboy was really helpful in helping us settle and only too willing to give advice.During our stay,we found the conceirge desk was also only too happy to help, with a special mention for Jessica(I think) and Ron.The hotel decor itself is really different than anything we had ever stayed in but we loved it.Although I will add that I can understand why some would not like it but it was to our taste.Our room was a nice size and decorated really nicely.The famous TV 's are small but we were assured that they were in the process of replacing them with LCD's.But they were fine and to be honest we did'nt come all this way to watch TV.The hotel is in a great location.The downside was we made a phone call home to Dublin,Ireland from our room.The call lasted around 10mins and it was to a landline.It cost $65...!!!!!!I know that ringing from a room usually costs alot more than a phone booth but this was quiet excessive.We got a phone card for $10 and made calls lasting 70mins.Also the internet charges were quiet expensive compared to other hotels that I have stayed in. But overall we really enjoyed our stay in Clift and in San Francisco.We will be back and we would stay in this hotel again,without question.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	5	2	

<Author>MichaelELee
<Content>You can dress up an old tart, but by midnight the make up wears off Stayed in this hotel for 3 nights in may 2008 Hotel and lobby are beautiful, full of attractive staff who look lke they are auditioning for a role for some upcomming hip soap, Asking them to so something to assist doesnt seem to be in their script.Location is fairly central .Rooms have been spruced up but being an old hotel the refurb has been done cheaply.Room had a 15 year old small tv, which was faulty and kept turning off every 15 minslock mechanism on door was faulty which meant every time i returned to my room i had to go to front desk to get a new keycard, was offered a free drink for this inconvienance as a reformed alcoholic , was offended with trying to be bribed with a drink.Wireless internet dropped out every 30 mins bathroom was at least 30 years old with a few fluff designer pieces used to disguise this fact.raised this issues at checkout and was credited with internet fee and front desk clerked, seemed to be aware of the issues i had raised, as im sure its a regular occurence.Basically overpriced hotel with the attitute of an old tart who thinks putting on a bit of make up will hide this fact Michael Melbourne Australia  
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	5	3	2	1	1	

<Author>KT2Sydney
<Content>Worst hotel experience. Ever. Hotel came highly recommended and was a HUGE disappointment. Pretentious, uninterested staff, terrible food, terrible rooms. Worst hotel stay ever. When we raised questions or problems they were completely uninterested in resolving them. BEWARE as well, they conduct wedding receptions in the hotel and the noise from them is so bad you feel like you are staying above a booming nightclub. Not really what you expect for the price! Also if you are not attending the wedding you are treated like a second rate guest and given the worst rooms and service. Both my colleague and I after a 15 hour flight were given rooms next to the service elevator (so we found at 5am with a bang every 30 seconds). When I rang reception I was told that this should have been explained to me when I booked in. I pointed out them that obviously if it had have been explained to me at check in I would have refused the room. I was then told I could just change rooms. When I asked if the hotel actively engages in a policy of just putting guests in these rooms until they complain this was not refuted. Just one of the many problems encountered鈥? To many to go into detail on all. Do not stay here.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	3	3	1	1	1	

<Author>RetiredearlyLondon
<Content>Disappointing and watch the final bill I've stayed at quite a few of the Morgan group hotels and whilst most of them are starting to look a bit dated (given the price) I've returned as generally the atmosphere makes up for it. I wouldn't return to The Clift; the Redwood Bar is fun and the concierge/front door staff are all good but that's about it. The bathroom was the smallest I have ever seen (and I had a loft suite) - and for the price other hotels offer more (no flat screen TV, ineffective air con). What really irritated me was when I checked my credit card they had charged me an additional US$185 for late checkout without any notification (I had used their express checkout service and left the room by 11.00am). E mailed the hotel twice - no response and finally had to phone to obtain a refund - which they made immediately but with no apology or explanation.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	2	3	2	3	

<Author>claudiaraft
<Content>Amazing The Clift Hotel was an amazing experience. I decided to visit San Francisco for the Union Square fare and the Clift hotel was one block away from Union Square. I have to say that what I liked the most was the hotel's lobby decoration.The service was very good but not outstanding.The food was great and the ambiance in the bar was that of a red carpet event.Finally, our room was a bit small but well decorated and clean.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	5	

<Author>mortonl
<Content>Pretentious, pretentious, pretentious... Stayed here for a night with some friends for a wedding. The hotel staff was rude and acted like a bunch of premadonas. Everyone assoctated with this place thought their you know what didn't stink. I would highly reccommend a hotel called The Phoenix over this place. At least there you can get good service and a more confortable experience. Please take my advice... Stay away from THe Clift Hotel. Unless you are into travel nightmares.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>1	5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ec97pdw
<Content>A great place to stay when you are in San Fran I'd been to the infamous Red Wood Room bar in the Clift Hotel a number of times on past visits and always thought it would be nice to stay there - I finally got my chance last week! It was pretty cool! I didnt realise it was part of the Morgan Group until I got there and once I found out, it didnt surprise me as I have stayed in one of their most well known hotels in London called the Sanderson Hotel, which is also pretty cool. The Clift reminds me of the style of the W Hotel in that it is dark, opulent, contenporary and funky - the rooms are small but they are sexy and have large mirrors, drapes and are minimalist in design. The gym in the hotel was pretty limited but it did the job. No Spa or Jacuzzi either. But you know what? When you are staying in the CLift - you dont care, because it is a really cool place to stay and you are slap bang in the middle of town, and walking distance to the best shops in town in Union Square and some of the best places to go out (Slide and Vessel are two that spring to mind). If you are willing to pay a little more to get the slightly more special treatment - I would say this is a great place to stay! I was there with 20 or so people from the UK on a Web Mission tour to meet the movers and shakers from the Valley and I am so glad they decided that this was the place to stay instead of in the heart of the Valley itself.鈥?/p>  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>EastCoasterSanDiego
<Content>Complete Disappointment This hotel is a complete disappointment. The lobby gives off a luxurious vibe and the Redwood Room is very cool (if you fancy expensive drinks). However, my stay in the hotel was a disaster. The gray, threadbare carpet was stained with red spots in multiple places, the cheap IKEA furniture was falling apart, and the bathroom was way too small. However, any of these things would have been tolerable if I had been able to sleep. Our next door neighbors partied all night, and despite calls to security, nothing was done about it. I slept maybe one hour that night. Either the hotel needs to invest in sound proofing, or it needs to revise its party policy. San Francisco is an amazing town and I still had a great trip, but I will not be revisiting this hotel, ever.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	4	2	4	3	3	

<Author>DSESHAMANI
<Content>Worst hotel experience ever! I have stayed at a number of Shraeger properties around the world, this really was the worst. The lobby is quintessentially Shraeger - very dark but overall not bad. I am assuming that the dark lobby essentially masks the dirt that is everywhere else. The room I got was supposed to be a suite - really more like a larger room with a miniscule bathroom.The room was quite simply, dirty. The room was DIRTY - there was a used condom under the bed and there was a used plaster in the toilet. The carpets were dirty and worn. One simply does not expect this sort of dirt in a supposedly good hotel.The furniture is from IKEA. For a hotel that is supposedly selling itself on design, this looked like a poster-child for how to furnish your room from IKEA in poor taste.The bathroom was tiny, stained and had cheap fixtures and a rusty rail. The shampoo etc in the bathroom were FUSED shut so you could not use them. Luckily we had some personal toilletries. The thing that irked me the most was that there was no water in room. Most good hotels have at least some complimentary water, if not water in the minibar. I have stayed very recently at the Clift and KNOW that you provide complimentary water on arrival - but this time round there was no water. There was no water in the minibar either. Had to call room service and then got CHARGED $15 for a bottle of WATER which costs $1.50 anywhere else. This was DAYLIGHT ROBBERY but as we had got to the hotel late, we were too tired. We told the front desk the next day and got a nonchalant and haughty reply from the front desk - and they claimed that they NEVER provide any complimentary water in the room and did not apologise for the fact that there was no water in the minibar - they did not even offer to take the water off the bill or at least reduce the price to what it would have been to buy it from the minibar. I think the barefaced lies and treatment after this was what irked me the most.The residents next door came back at 2 in the morning, shouting and singing. When we called downstairs, nothing was done to stop our drunk and disorderly neighbours from being a nuisance. Lastly, the front desk staff I spoke to about the water was just RUDE. I know the MOndrian group is about the cool, snobby attitude but that does not amount to customer service. The staff are more interested in whether they have enough hair gel and in chatting to each other than serving the customer. I have stayed at a number of Shraeger properties and have decided finally that for the price one pays, the design does not compensate for what are essentially low quality, poorly-serviced rooms with cheap bathroom fittings, toilletries and electronics (e.g. I don't know any other chain that still has box TVs - they are all flat screen except at the Clift which seems to have a bunch of TVs from the 80s).I never give feedback - but this stay was of SUCH low quality that I thought I would let others know. I plan to send this to journalist friends I have at Conde Nast and The Times in the UK. If the clientele the Clift is trying to attract are low-class drunks with no taste, then I suppose, in that context at least, they are doing a good job.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	2	1	1	

<Author>labarista
<Content>The Clift Rocks My colleague and I loved The Clift!!! I arrived in San Francisco on a 11 1/2 hour fligth - and was SO happy to be checked-in and given a good recommendation to eat at Dottie's down the way. When I check-in on Saturday the box my company had delivered was promptly brought up to my room. When I returned at night (fighting jet lag) did they think I was some kind of celebrity???....their was definitely an imaginary red carpet. The service quiet simply ROCKS. The welcome candy is a sweet gesture. Over the next few days I had the pleasure of staying at The Clift - the concierge, housekeeping, doormen...everyone definitely made their mark. In such a wonderful city, I could really care less about the size of the TV. The bathroom is industrial funky and I had no problems moving about drying my hair. The table/basin thing has a shelf below where there were lots of towels - and the robes were wonderful. Personally I'm confused about the comments about the availability of drawers. To me, aside from putting a few things on hangars - its normal to live out of a suitcase when travelling. Who has time to unpack everything just to be repacked again? LOLThe 9 hour differnece in time zones causes hungar at odd times occassionaly - the minibar has a diverse selection...drinks are expensive....its sorta like hint hint....don't stay in your room...we have the best bar in the city...come on down! The breakfast buffet was great and prompt....good for my colleague and I to be able to eat at a normal pace and not worry about waiting for service....quick quick!! The wifi was a bit slow - but the hotel was packed..maybe that's why...too many users??? My room was only on the 3rd floor but quiet. The lobby is always crazy at night but comfortable. I'm never happy with beds - they're always too hard for me! (so my opinion probably doesn't help much in that area) oh ...but see the last paragraph!From the other reviews I think there is a target market for this kind of hotel. Younger, chic, busy, image-concious...more interested in the redroom lounge than the size of tv.To everyone at The Clift on the morning of my departure - thank you for being so caring and coming upstairs after half an hour of trying to wake me. After a month of flying back and forth across the atlantic and being completely anemic from a rare blood disorder..i was a little more exhausted than I was willing to admit. I pushed the limits! I'm glad you checked to make sure that I was okay ....it meant the world to me that you were so professional. See you soon! bisous bisous!  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>breckenridge24
<Content>Lobby very nice....hotel is a dump. Aside from the lobby which is pretty funky and very nice(only because they want to draw the bar crowd) the rest of the hotel is a dump. Someone got the bright idea to take either an old motel or old apartment building, paint EVERYTHING purple, shrink the tv, and stock it with REALLY CHEAP Ikea looking furniture. I've stayed at boutique hotels before in San Fran and NYC (The W) and was very impressed so I was expecting the same. Along with everything above the lobby level being crappy, the views out of most windows consist of looking directly at other room's fire escapes. We had been staying at the Park 55 around the corner and moved to the The Clift because of reviews we had read but checked out and back into the Park 55 first thing the next morning. If you are looking for a retro feeling dump filled with 21-25 year old trendy peeps dressed in all black from NYC.....AND....you want to pay too much....then this is the hotel for you. I WILL SAY that the valets and doormen were very very helpful and on the ball (even though they look like secret service that takes themselves too seriously.) If you want a boutique hotel in San Fran go to The W. The Park 55 was very nice too.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	1	2	2	4	3	

<Author>nygal_8
<Content>Loved the Clift Trendy hotel, centrally located in Union Square area. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. Loved the furniture in the lobby especially the tall high chair, check it out. The buffet breakfast was wonderful. Only complaint was the television in the room was too small. Otherwise, i definitely recommend this cool, chic hotel.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>ninety9
<Content>Clift Hotel is great! Love the Clift鈥?very stylish hotel. Service is always great from every aspect... doormen, cleaning people, front desk are always friendly, rooms are always clean, etc. It's not a typical touristy hotel... it has a specific client猫le. Although you can find a good room rate, don鈥檛 expect to get away cheaply. Two appetizers and four glasses of wine will run around $120 (plus tip) at the Redwood Room or dinner for two at Asia de Cuba can easily cost over $250. If you have trouble sleeping or like to sleep in forget it... the walls are very thin. Unfortunately, our room was on the 4th floor right next to the service elevator (rm 431) and you could hear the ding of the elevator bell every time it stopped (day and night) on nearby floors. On the other side of us were kids (surprisingly). I sleep with ear plugs so that wasn't an issue for me. We opted to stay in the room since it wasn't too bad. Other than the room location and thin wall everything else was great.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>ameriphobe
<Content>Over the Top, pretentious and fun       The Blue Elevator  
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	2	5	

<Author>Diaz21
<Content>Great Hotel, not FANTASTIC I have to say it was very stylish and very quiet which was nice. Loved the proximity to Union Square, Biscuit and Blues, and dance and comedy clubs. The bathroom was pretty funny, tiny, but go figure, you only need one in there at a time anyways. The bar downstairs is full of action. Valet a bit on the pricey side at $50 a day, the sites dont tell you that so consider yourself informed.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Keed1343
<Content>stay or the bar The hotel is very cool. The design is fantastic. The lobby and the library next to it are fun just to hang out in and people watch. We asked for a quiet room and got a large room and it was very quiet...no city sounds at all. However...the bathrooms in the hotel are a joke. So small my wife couldn't blow dry her hair without her elbows hitting the door or a wall. Seriously...they are that small. The TV is something you could buy for 49 dollars at a Big Lots. The beds and linens were good but do not compare to the great beds in places like the San Ysidro ranch in Santa Barbara or at the Meadowood resort in Napa. But the reason to stay there is the bar...The redwood bar. It's the best bar I've ever been in...I could have lived there. The restaurant is also beautiful and the food is good. If you need a great bathroom or a flat screen TV this is not the hotel for you...but if you love great design and you like to hang in bars...this is the best hotel in San Francisco.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>Vacationgirl77
<Content>Stylish but not too practical Very Stylish hip hotel, The lobby for some reason reminded me of the movie eyes wide shut, kind of dark and wierd and clientele were older men mostly. It was very uniquely decorated and trendy, but may not be for everyone. The room itself was nice and modern but was not the most comfortable/functional. Not very many drawers on bedside table or desk, the chair was not very comfortable either. The bathroom, appeared very nice due to the modern decor with all the mirrors but also proved not very functional. After every shower, the condensation builds up against the mirror and drips all on the floor causing a wet puddle which you could easily hurt yourself! I would probably stay at the Clift again because of the innovative design/decor but the bathroom was a big problem.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>SCCaldwell
<Content>Not what I expected . . . I stayed at the Clift while on a business trip to San Francisco along with several of my colleagues. The hotel is much different than any I've stayed in the past. The lobby is quite unique with the decor akin to East meets West (or so it seemed to me). The furniture in the lobby is very uncomfortable and is probably more for show than sitting. The decor included a grossly oversized chair that I dubbed the Paul Bunyan chair. As others point out in their review, the lobby bar is quite a hot spot. On the Friday night that I stayed there, it was packed and people were lined up on the street waiting to getting in. The hotel is very dimly lit throughout. The lobby, restaurant, the common areas, elevators, and my guest room had low lighting. It was nearly impossible to read anything while in the lobby due to the lighting. While the bed in my room was very comfortable, the room was small with a tiny closet and bathroom. There were no drawers so I lived out of my suitcase while I was there. There were two small plastic cubes in the closet and these may have been intended to substitute for the drawers. Also, there was absolutely no storage or counter space in the bathroom. The TV was tiny; I don't remember the brand, but it is one of the small ones you get at Sam's or Costco for $100 - $150. I was amazed that the hotel charged $14.95 a day for internet access. Many hotels provide that free of charge these days.I will not stay at this hotel again. It was pricey for the lack of amenities, and far too trendy.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	4	-1	2	

<Author>sleepladypalmdesert
<Content>Kind of weird place My 81 year old father in law recommended this property...believe it or not! I wonder if he really stayed here or just had a drink in the bar area. Everything in the lobby, bar, restaurant areas was top notch. It was really beautiful. Kind of clubby with dark wood colors. Warm fireplace in the lobby area. It was really beautiful. The doormen and check in staff were polite and very efficient. We were so excited to see our room. WOW! What a disappointment! It was really small and decorated with a sleigh bed, which was very comfortable. Down bedding, etc. But the furnishings were kind of like an IKEA blow out sale. My husband and I decided that they must have spent all their money on the lobby and common areas and ran out by the time it came to outfit the rooms. The bedside tables were bright orange lucite and scratched up. Burn holes were in the carpet. The desk was a cheap thing with the legs painted orange. Small armoire held a small TV. The room color was purple. So purple and orange was the color scheme. My husband said the bathroom resembled a mens room in an airport. Very odd for this level of hotel. Marbel walls were stained and dingy. Bath tub was small and had dried paint in the bottom. The toiltries were nice but it was all so tacky. We looked out our window and found a foil wrapper from a condom lying just outside our window and lots of cigarette butts. We were in room 227 and the room looks out over a sort of roof top where there must be some action happening when we weren't looking! They have tea candles at the bedside and mirrors surround the bed. The location of the hotel was wonderful in Union Square. Starbucks was just across the street so we got coffee their rather than pay 22.00 for coffee by room service. No in room coffee or ice or really anything. Just weird how such a nice outside could have such an ugly inside.....just like some people I guess. They really missed the mark of sprucing up the rooms a bit and having a top notch facility. It could be one with just a little work!  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	5	2	5	4	-1	

<Author>CruisinFlorida
<Content>Jump off the Clift Recently my family and I traveled to San Francisco to attend a family function in the Silicon Valley. Since we were only in the area for a long weekend, we decided to spend the first 2 nights in San Francisco. While previously we have stayed at the Fairmont and the Westin St. Francis, we decided to give the Clift a try due to a promotion that was being offered through American Express. Unfortunately our experience was not what we had anticipated. First, while the Clift is only 2 blocks from Union Square, it is not in a neighborhood where you want to walk at night. While San Francisco and for that matter, most major cities on the west coast have large homeless populations, such matter was most evident around the Clift. It seemed that at night you could not walk more than a couple of feet without bumping into a homeless person begging for money. In fact it appeared that some of these people were quite agressive. The hotel itself was obviously at some time an old apartment building or hotel which had been renovated. The lobby area is unique and clearly the hotel bar is a night spot for the single crowd. Unfortunately, the lighting is terrible. Such problem persisted throughout the hotel into the elevators and rooms. Our room was called a loft suite, but we use the word suite loosely. Really it was nothing more than an oversized room with a microsized bathroom. There was little lighting and the television was so small, you almost needed a microscope to see it. Moreover, you would have expected that a hotel with the purported reputation of the Clift would be luxurious. I would hardly classify it as a luxury hotel in the same class as the Fairmont. The staff was efficient, but certainly not friendly. We had to wait much too long to obtain our car and drop it off due to the fact that the staff was too busy handling the cars of patrons of the bar, obviously an important part of the financial operation. At over $50.00 per night to park our car, we expect priority service. Additionally, much of the staff wear earphones and dress like the secret service standing around and staring at everyone. I am not sure if these people are props in an effort to create a chic environment or just there to scare off anyone who walks through the door and may not be going to his or her room or the bar. All in all, I would not stay at the Clift again. There are too many more desirable hotels in San Francisco in much better neighborhoods and locations. As a side note, the hotel breakfast was great since it came with the room package, but without the package would be pricey. However, up the street off of Union Square is a restaurant called Sears. It is a San Francisco institution and I would highly recommend it for breakfast.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	2	2	3	2	2	

<Author>wolffpack14
<Content>Not Typical 4-Star, But Very Nice! My wife and I flew to San Francisco to celebrate our 2 year anniversary and named our own price for a Union Square 4 Star Hotel using priceline. We were very excited to see that we saved over 1/2 compared to the usual price of a room at the Clift. I then logged onto tripadvisor to read some of the reviews of the place we were about to stay. To my disappointment, many people gave the Clift a negative review. After looking at some photos and reading some reviews I knew more of what to expect from the Clift when we arrived.Upon our arrival, we entered the lobby, and yes, many people may consider the lobby area odd but, like the rest of the hotel, it had unique charm. The people behind the desk were very very nice and the beds were very very cozy. Yes, the room itself and the bathrooms were a little small, but everything was very clean, and they even provide candles and matches in the rooms to provide a very romantic ambiance.I guess what I am trying to say is that The Clift is NOT your typical 4-Star hotel, yet is holds its own charm from the friendly staff, to the unique decorating, and provided bedside candles. If you book a room at the Clift, I think it helps to read the reviews and look at the photos and know what to expect from the Clift before your arrival. Overall, my wife and I had a very positive experience at the Clift and a great trip to San Francisco!  
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>worldtravelerinc
<Content>Horrible management I was immediately disappointed from the moment I went to my room. I called and spoke with a very polite front desk agent about the room. I explained to him that the walls were paper-thin (could hear a normal conversation next door clearly, word-for-word) and that the room was very, very small for the $245 I spent a night.He told me he'd have management call. I spoke with the desk manager, Ben, and he was incredibly rude. He was not accomodating and said there wasn't much he could do if we weren't happy. Though the agent was more than helpful and apologetic, Ben was nothing more than useless. Clearly, you can tell he is not at all interested in his guests and is just there to make money.Unfortunately, I will not be returning due to his attitude and lack of effort. Otherwise, I think i could have really had a good vacation. Never seen a manager with such a lack of responsibility and disregard. I'd love to see him go through the same problem at another hotel on his vacation!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	4	2	4	1	-1	

<Author>mazilombard
<Content>Hip but Hopeless My husband and I stayed at the Clift the weekend before Christmas. He had originally thought of the Clift because as it was a weekend away from our children, we would enjoy staying in a hip hotel, having a drink at the Redwood and enjoy the hotel's proximity to everything downtown. BUT--the reality was: In our first room the walls were so thin we could hear lilterally every word of our neighbors (and therefore they could also hear ours). We were given a tip that the best rooms were on the 17th floor. So we asked to be moved to that floor and we felt lucky that they had a room available, but the room had it's own issues, right next to the elevator shafts. So all night long we heard the whooshing of the elevators going up and down. So onto the third room the next morning. Luckily they finally took care of us and put us into a suite, but it was a little too late. Half of our weekend was over and we spent way too much time trying to resolve our room issues. Next time we'll do it the right way and stay at the Mandarin or the Four Seasons. For not much more per night, we'll be hassle-free.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	3	2	3	

<Author>ozon
<Content>Stylish but overrated Arriving at Clift on Friday evening felt more like fighting your way through the pretentious crowd of local 鈥榳annabes鈥?congregated in the hotel鈥檚 lobby and bars. Once we made it to the reception desk, the checking in was efficient. Room: the standard room we booked was small by European standards. The bed was large and comfortable; the bed linen was clean but showing its age (staining and wear holes) however it was changed at our first request. The bathroom likewise was very small. In fact, shaving was quite difficult because of the restricted space. The bathroom fittings were dated and stained and we did not expect to see a tired-looking bath-curtain in a hotel claiming a reputation for style. We dined at the Asia de Cuba restaurant. The service was attentive and helpful, the setting of the restaurant stylish but the food left us a little under-whelmed 鈥?the quality and presentation did not meet the quality of the surroundings. The Redwood Room: stylish interior but at times 鈥?noisy and crowded and the service was aloof. Bar staff needs reminding that rudeness and arrogance does not necessarily equal style or elegance. Overall, the location is good with Philippe Stark giving the interior some refreshing innovation. But this seems to be a hotel to be enjoyed by aspiring locals out to be seen rather than for the hotel guests themselves.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>tvlgirlnj
<Content>Stylish and Fun I stay here often for business. Its very convenient to Union Square (a 2 block walk). This is an older hotel that had a great face lift probably 5 years ago or so. The rooms are really spacious and comfortable -- and the color scheme is quite relaxing. I've been in rooms with both big bathrooms and some that are tiny so that just depends. You hear some creeks in the hallway - again, because its an older hotel, but that just adds to its charm. And the staff are super friendly - something I'm always impressed to find at 'trendy boutique hotels'.The bar - the Redwood Room - is quite the scene and always packed at night. But as a guest, you get priority for a seat, which is nice! The restaurant is Asia de Cuba -- excellent asian food. Of course its all a bit pricey -- especially for breakfast (true for so many hotels!).  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	3	3	4	4	

<Author>reging
<Content>Did not like the Clift Awful hotel and the amenities are horrible. The rooms are small and poorly equiped. Orange lucite nite stands with no place to put away your clothes. TV 's are from the dark ages and only a few channels. It was a hotel that one should stay away from. The only good thing is the location is on Geary Street close to everything. But other than that don't bother as there are other hotels in the area that are the same price as it is not a cheap hotel.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chicktech
<Content>worst hotel I have ever stayed at A friend was having a party at the hotel for his 40th birthday. It was cocktails and dinner in the Cuba de Asia room. He had about 10 rooms of people staying over. I checked into my room and was handed an envelope immediatly. Inside was a letter from the manager stating there was a change of plans and to meet at a restaurant across town. My husband and I quickly dressed and caught a cab because of the earlier time. It was raining and my ankle was sprained. The bay bridge on ramps were closed for the bridge remodel and it took 45 minutes to go across town. After $50 for the cab we got to the restaurant only to find that there was no party. I managed to reach one of the other party goers who said they didnt receive a letter and everything was still on at the hotel. I called the hotel to see what was going on and was hung up on by the manager. We got back to the hotel to be told the manager was busy and we needed to wait to talk to him. He came and rolled his eyes and said there must have been a mix up and it was no big deal. Apparently another guest has a similar name to mine. I guess it wasn't his $70 in cab rides and 2 hours wasted. I wrote a letter to the manager and they sent me a coupon for $50 off my next stay. OH BOY WHAT A DEAL. The party was good buy my friend was upset by the hotel service that he got after spending so much there. Also the hotel was a case of the emporers new clothes! The decor everyone raved about was straight out of clearance at IKEA!! I was not impressed by the snobbishness of it all. Good service includes graciousness. Also if they screw up they should take responsibility. This is the first complaint letter I have ever made. So much time has past since it happend but a friend just mentioned they would be booking some family here. I felt it important to list this so people weren't taken in by this supposed 5 star hotel.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	4	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>leeann1009
<Content>Can't believe this is a 5-star hotel If I didn't pay $129 per night through expedia, I would have been pretty upset. Stayed 4 nights. The best thing was the Union Square location.As others have written, very trendy, wannabe hotel. The lobby and bar are cool, however, after 6:30 p.m., try getting a seat or a drink. My $11 margarita was made with sweet  sour. YukI thought the rooms were terrible. The scandavavian furniture reminded me of IKEA. Small rooms, even smaller bathrooms. Platform beds not comfortable. There was no real furniture in the room - except the unit that housed the 19 TV and minibar. I was there for mulitple nights and could have used the usual armoir - yes, I know, probably not trendy, but functional. Orange clear plastic end tables - yuk. Stayed in room 712 - facing into the rooms at the Monaco....wishing I stayed there. Lots of people stumbling into rooms at 3:00 a.m. and you could hear everything - the trouble with staying in hotel with younger crowd - I realize thats my problem and not the hotels.Valet parking is $51.30 per day(including parking tax) RIPOFF. Internet service in the room is $10.00 per day RIPOFF. There is a parking lot literally 30 yards away on Taylor for $24 per night - in and out privledges.I would stay at any of the other surrounding hotels in a NY minute - Prescott still is my favorite  
<Date>Dec 15, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>happi189
<Content>Service Was Good! I think it's important to know what you want when you book a hotel in San Francisco. Me, I want grandiose!!! I thought with The Clift I was giving up grandiose for contemporary greatness. It was ok.I want a hotel that WOWs me when I walk in.. The Clift was dark, and just ok to me. The Redwood Room was just ok to me as well. I guess I didn't get it. Someone commented that at The Clift you give up comfort to be at the hip hotel. But, I didn't want hip, I wanted extravagence. I should have payed better attention to those other reviews.SERVICE: Upon arrival the doorman were great. I never opened a door for myself as other poster have stated. We even used the semi-limonsine service that parks out front to get around. Expensive, but we were celebrating our anniversary and didn't care about the cost, not for that, at least. The front desk was also helpful and even gave us a 2:30 late check outROOM: It was big, since we booked a junior suite, but the bed was very hard. The bedding was nice and the mirrors surrounding the bed are nice. But the rest of the furniture in the room is uncomfortable and cheap looking. There were two TV's in the room but they are pretty small. I didn't care so much about that, since I was not there to watch TV.REDWOOD ROOM: OK, here is where I don't get it. So to be hip you hang out at the Redwood Room. We arrived back to the hotel after seeing a play, and we got help from one of the ladies at the door in getting a drink. That was nice. What I didn't like was they played very loud hip music. I was on my anniversay, and wanted to dance, but no one was dancing, slow or fast. The dance floor was somewhere in the back with people standing on it and talking, I think. Never could make it back that far in the room. My daughter later told me that nowadays, they don't play slow music to dance, until right before closing, if even then. The people were all crowded around yelling at one another, since you can't hear cause the music is so loud. To get a table at The Clift you have to buy a bottle of some kind of booze, starting at $200.00+. It was the end of our evening, around midnight, and weren't going to pound down a bottle or even close, so we got no seat. My husband and I stood there and watched people. It's a younger crowd mainly, with a few old foogies trying to pick up on young women. Not my scene. No view, no seat, and I did not see one celebrity, just some young people with cute attire. I'm in SF and I want a view and some ambience, something, but at the Redwood room, I could have easily been been in someone's garage for what it was.OVERALL: I would give this hotel three stars. I should have booked the Fairmont or any other Hotel in Nob Hill, or maybe the St. Regis or the Hilton. Not sure how it can be identified as a Four star hotel, since that's just one star from being a fairmont, or St. Regis. This is a three star at best.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	4	4	3	

<Author>SophieCalifornia
<Content>Great decor, but beware of the tiny bathrooms! Expensive, ultra trendy, but disappointing for the money.The Clift is a boutique style hotel right in the heart of San Francisco's downtown art gallery district and within easy walking distance of Union Square, awesome art galleries and photo galleries and the nightclubs and bars of the city.The major downfall is that the hotel bathrooms at The Clift hardly have enough room to swing a cat and for the price paid (around $300 per room per night) it isn't all that great. I was impressed with the lobby decor and the log fire in the foyer lounge area is comfortable and welcoming.Great for location and trend, but not great for guests who wish to have spacious hotel rooms.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Opinionated_Girl
<Content>Hip Hype This was a special birthday trip for my husband and I wanted it to be special, so spent more $$ than I normally would on the hotel. My heart sank when we were shown our Superior King room, which was so cramped. I called the front desk immediately with no answer, so I had to go down there. The clerk said the Superior is bigger than the standard, but they were booked so she couldn't move us until the next day. I settled for it because I didn't want to appear unhappy and spoil it for my husband.The decor was beautiful, silks and soft colors. However, there was no room to put anything, no drawers at bedside, just these weird plastic day-glo orange cubes. No comfortable chairs, either. The bathroom was super tiny - no room to move, no counter space and if you used the sink, everything in the bathroom got splashed. It was just all physically uncomfortable.The Redwood Room (bar) was gorgeous, with very tasty drinks and appetizers. On weekends, only bottle service is served, but hotel guests get priority reservations and can order without bottle service. I won't stay there again, but might pop into the Redwood Room (if they'll let me) for a drink.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2007
<Rating>2	4	2	5	3	2	3	3	

<Author>Leopard2
<Content>Party Hotel Yes, Comfort No!!! My husband and I stayed at the Clift for a weekend. The bed was a rock and the walls are paper thin. Rooms are old and carpet looked like it needed a good cleaning. Or better yet, replaced. We got a complimentary upgrade upon check-in because we were celebrating our anniversary but if that was an upgrade I would hate to see their regular rooms. At night the lobby bar turns into a very loud night club. It's so crowded that you can't get into the hotel without showing your hotel ID card at the door. You can't even find a place to sit and have drink if you're coming back from a day of sightseeing. Is this a hotel or a nightclub?? If you are in your early 20's and you rather have a loud crowded club feeling than quality  comfort than this is your hotel. I can think of one good thing........the hotel is in a great location. But so are a lot of other hotels. Once was enough for us.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	4	2	4	1	2	

<Author>ellenrose
<Content>Will never return to the Clift Overall I really disliked this hotel. I met an old college room mate Nov 5-8/07 and she booked the room. She had stayed in the hotel years ago with her Mom and loved the old fashioned atmosphere and the bar. The hotel is now a plastic,poorly lit and unfriendly place - or I am just too old to appreciate how cool it is. The lighting in the room was terrible, the furniture was ugly and actually non functional - we could not unpack our clothes as there was no where to put anything buta dimly lit closet (painted deep purple). The bathroom was tiny (not so unusual in old hotels) but why was there no where to put anything or even hang a towel? The walls were mainly large mirrors - with huge curtains - it was scary. In the hall by our elevator stood two GLASS chairs. The elevators were basically plastic cubes with no lights in them.These same plastic cubes in orange were our night tables. The lobby is dark and cold and the decor is boutique style ridiculous. Thestaff were hot and cold - mostly cold ( nice concierge though).The safe in the closet is too high to reach for anyone under 6'3. Overall if you are over 30 do not stay here - you will be uncomfortable and feel ripped off.The towels and robes are very nice though. I wish I had better things to say - I love San Francisco - next time I am hoping to find a comfortable place to stay with a nice happy feelto it .  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	2	2	1	

<Author>SactoTravels
<Content>Superb, but expensive, experience The Clift is a five-star experience in every respect. As a frequent patron before the remodel, it is a shock to see the French decor give way to the new minimalist look. The rooms are pretty white with the two walls covered with mirrors to make the smallish room seem much larger. Fine quality bedding makes for a luxurious nights sleep. In keeping with an eco-friendly environment, it is a little dim in the entry way and no light in the closet.The staff was friendly and helpful, at the front desk, concierge and the front door staff. The rain interrupted the smooth flow of traffic, and we had 20 minute waits both to drop off our car and to retreive it. Everyone was working hard and helpful, but the infrequent rains in San Frnacisco seemed to overwhelm them.The main dining room was fabulous. The unusual blend of Asian and Cuban cuisine was delicious and presented boldly with lots and lots of food. Our waiter was friendly, knowledgeable and helpful -- especially about not ordering too much as the portions were huge. The scallops were perfect; our calamari salad was delicious, and we split a main course of steak that was so tender it could be cut with a fork. There was a mix-up on our dinner reservation, but they promptly took responsibility and we were seated within 5 minutes on a busy Saturday night. Everyone was quite pleasant and helpful.Overall, it was an outstanding experience. Close to Union Square and shopping. I missed the old French decor, but in with the new was not much of a disappointment.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>razbox
<Content>Excellent service, great location, nice rooms I don't understand the other reviews about service being poor - my experience (8-10 Nov 07) was quite the opposite with very friendly and attentive staff wherever I went in the hotel.I got upgraded to a one-bed suite, including 8 seater dining table. All very funky but a bit sparse.The bathroom was very small and the location of the loo somewhat under the washbasin unit was a bit odd - it made the experience quite uncomfortable!The public areas are very beautiful and the location - one block from Union Square is excellent.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>morraypizarro
<Content>Debacle of a hotel Classic case of a hotel pretending to be nice when it really isn't. A few things:1. Terrible service at the Redwood Room. Terrible.2. Laughably unprofessional staff at the bellhop and at the reception (unfortunately this is not a very nice room was what I was told when my reserved king bedroom/non-smoking room was not available and that I'd instead have a room with 2 full beds on a smoking floor. Awesome.)3. Shabby rooms without the basics (nice sheets, coffee makers, a shower head that functions comfortably, a television other than a 12 1988 Samsung model etc.). 4. The comedy of errors included a 4 AM [false] fire alarm that found me dressed in a robe in the lobby, an unscheduled 7:20 AM wake-up by my alarm clock (who ever checks to make sure the alarm clock is set for off?) and another unwanted 9 AM wake-up from the television in the room next door. A perfect trifecta of no sleep!(The false alarm is [most-likely] no fault of theirs but we could have done without the snickering hotel employee on the PA telling us it was a false alarm. I mean, it's f'cking hilarious to be woken up at 4 in the morning expecting the worse, right?)This place is the pits. Our server at Asia de Cuba was the only redeeming point of the experience and all he did was serve us breakfast straight-forwardly without pissing me off.Needless to say, I can't recommend this place to anyone unless that person enjoys over-spending on crap.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	3	2	1	1	1	

<Author>unhuh
<Content>Miffed at the Clift A big, beautiful room with a breathtaking view 鈥?and that鈥檚 it.This hotel鈥檚 completely inattentive and unprofessional staff dampened our vacation spirits. Rather than feeling like a guest at the Clift, my boyfriend and I felt like we were imposing and unwelcome.Yes, the Redwood Room is amazing. Yes, Asia de Cuba serves a unique fare, but with a staff just too cool for school鈥?and completely uninterested in making a guest feel comfortable and at home, everything good is wasted.With so many choices today, customer service is of UTMOST importance and apparently the Clift just doesn鈥檛 get this. Spend your money somewhere else, unless of course, you enjoy being treated like dirt.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Catherine77Herts_UK
<Content>Lovin The Clift The Clift is form over function but if you're looking for somewhere to stay that makes you feel cool then this is the place. Our room was a decent size, the staff were perfectly pleasant and the bar/restaurant is fantastic (if a little on the expensive side).We paid about 拢120 per night and i wouldn't go above that for a standard room.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Olafdapolaf
<Content>Hmmm... Firealarm at 3 am and walls like paper.. Stay again? No We stayed here for 2 night in November. Although the hotel looks great and has great location, it misses 2 basic things which make a good hotel: good communications and a good nights rest. First, our room was so not-quiet that you could hear any conversation in the next room word for word. And not only that, but also the neighbours TV who was watching porn all through the night... Secondly we had an incident where the firealarm went off at 3 a.m. A very shocking experience which I never hope to go through again. After about a minute of a alarm at about 80dB and sheer disorientation and panic someone annouced that we should remain calm. Wow, this guys was helping us. Again about a minute later while we were halfway the stairs it was annouced that the SFFD has given the all clear. That was before any fire truck had pulled up before the hotel (which happened 2 some minutes later) So ok, next morning we expected a Sorry and an explanation, but too bad the hotel management felt no need to explain this to it's customers. Too bad. For us that was an experience of once but never again. If you are going to SF, there must be better options out there in the same pricerange with better service.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	5	4	3	2	

<Author>tripadvice2007
<Content>rude wannabees!!! Don't waste your time going to the Cliff Hotel! We went there during our anniversary and walked out in disbelief! Filled with too many wannabes, which will actually make you laugh. The staff, customers, everyone who was there...thought they were someone special. Try walking amongst the crowd, and they all stand there stiff and give you the hardest time to scoot through.Then the shocker...we wanted to take photos of the Red Room (the bar area) and the hostess told my husband that we cannot take any photos. He asked why and the hostess said to respect our celebrity guests. Although, she told us that we could take pictures of each other. So guess what...that's exactly what we did. My husband said to me All right, you go stand over there and I'll take a photo of you. Then, we switched places AND LENS (ha) and I took photos of him. The hostess, obviously a little upset that we were able to get around their stupid rule of NO PHOTOS, got on the phone to say something to either a manager or who knows. After taking photos, my husband then asked the hostess what celebrity is here that you're trying to respect their privacy? The honest responded no one. Then, my husband responded well if you think we are eager in taking photos of your wannabe customers, please... We then started to walk out to finish our overpriced drinks in the lobby. I was done with my drink, he had a few sips left in his. Low and behold, we were approached by a staff member saying you CANNOT have your drinks out here in the lobby! My quick response Uh, they are empty. My husband's response Yeah they are empty, what do you want us to do carry them back for you? Ha, she didn't like that response very much.My husband and I are from Dallas, we see way more celebrities, much better boutique hotels and top notch customers who truly ARE someone. You can even finish your drinks in the hotel lobby if you'd like. So, don't waste your time going to the Wannabe Hotel...a.k.a. The Cliff. You'll be standing there looking around at all the customers and asking yourself why they are dressed they way they are (fashion gone really really bad). Then, you will be waiting for Ashton Kutcher to walk out and say okay you've been punked, as this hotel scene is one big joke! But do remember how to get around taking photos at this stupid place that won't let you. Straight from the hostess mouth:TAKE PHOTOS OF YOURSELVES!your welcome!  
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	5	4	1	1	1	

<Author>the_beautiful_game
<Content>cool and chic but missing a little something We stayed at the Clift hotel at the end of our road trip around California. On arrival we were greeted by friendly door staff and a competent reception. When you walk into the lobby of the hotel it is very impressive and gives the impression of a chic trendy hotel.We stayed in a delux room on the 6th floor of the hotel. This gave us a slightly larger room and more storage space than a standard room. The room its self is nicely designed with a very comfortable bed. However it did let its self down on the final touches with a tv cabinet that didnt fit the style and tiny t.v, the bedside tables also were a little worn. The hotel its self is a few minutes walk from union square and is in an excellent location. I note from previous posts that people felt unsafe the area, I have to say we never had any problems what so ever.The hotel bar appears to be very popular and is very busy on a weekend and also quite pricey! However its a cool place to get a drink before you go out.Be warned that you may have to show your room card to gain entry to the hotel of a night and they appeared quite strict about this. They could do with a seperate guest entry.Overall this hotel would suit people who enjoy staying at modern contemporary hotels, however at times it does feel that style is placed over substance here.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>ornos
<Content>Simply loved the Clift!       16th Floor  
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>joellybaby
<Content>Sleek and stylish hotel       Bedroom  
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>2Monty
<Content>An absolute must!! My husband and I stayed here and we can honestly say it was the best hotel experience we have ever had (and we have stayed in a fair few!)The service is fantastic- the staff cannot do enough to help and really go out of their way to make your stay special.We booked a delux room but got upgraded to a suite which was amazing- huge and beautiful throughout with a very comfortable bed. The bathroom was not huge but that is the only slightly negative thing I could say, at a push!The whole hotel it immaculate inside- beautifully done and the Redwood Room (bar) is definitely a must.PLEASE READ THIS AND STAY THERE!!!  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>citygirlcountrygirl
<Content>Untraditional Hotel We just returned from a trip to SF and stayed at the Clift. Reason being, it was difficult to get any hotels at all in the union square area, and not knowing how close all the neighborhoods are to one another, we didn't want to be stuck in an area we couldn't walk around in. The premise to stay in this area is so that you can easily walk the neighborhoods and get around easily . See more about this at the end of this review...for now, pros and consPros: close to theatres, chinatown, within walking distance or trolley or bus to wharf, north beach, telegraph hill, etc.People were VERY nice - our experience was not that they were snooty. Concierge and front desk arranged for rental car once we were leaving the area to drive down the coast, restaurant recommendations, etc.Bartender not as friendly but servers very friendly and we received fast service in the bar which is where we ate. Bar very trendy, great people watching - this is a great place where many trendies go. 20-30 somethings love this place.Very unique experience - most hotels are all alike in many ways; this hotel truly stands out as unique.Business center costs 6.95 to use internet for 15 minutes; but it's a cool area with lots of plasma tvs.Good workout area.Cons: the room details listed by other reviewers I'm in agreement on; no coffee makers or water in the room is just silly - and none even in the lobby. Nowhere to put stuff! shelves in bathroom are workable, but really not much room to move.Nowhere to put stuff - for extended stays, crowded and no drawers.For the more mature traveler, or business traveler, it may be too different - and trendiness versus value overall won't win.For the money, the value just isn't here. Additional:This is in the theatre district, but the other districts are within a block of this - so very easy to get around. But you really want to be walking versus taking cabs in this central area of theatre, financial, shopping, chinatown...because there is a lot of traffic here like many downtown areas.Very casual everyplace - you can dress up or down, mostly casual.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	5	-1	3	

<Author>amanda_blinkhorn
<Content>uber chic ? this hotel is so chic is hurts the bar area seems to be packed everynight with locals it seems as if they have spent all the money on the bar/night club area the receptionst were freindly but messed up our reservation completely . The hotel is fairly central but next to two theatres which causes problems getting back to the hotel if you time it wrong. Room was basic and no little touches ( coffee maker, water etc ) out of the 3 night we stayed we had choclotes on our pillow once. ok stay wouldn't stay there again fair nicer hotels available for the money  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Dutchman02
<Content>Not all that great and too expensive       hotel reception  
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	3	3	2	

<Author>uberator
<Content>Avoid the Clift Hotel The Clift Hotel is the worst place I have stayed in San Francisco. - Arrive after 8pm and stand in line to get questioned by the doorman/bouncer. The trendy restaurant and bar flow over to the Hotel Lobby so I understand why; but not cool after finishing a day of meetings. Do not stay here unless you are here to party and do not feel can make it across the street to any of the nearby hotels.- Washroom was super small. The toilet is up against the mirror and drains do not work well.- Want to watch a little TV before bed? Bring your binoculars for the in-room 19inch tube tv!Fancy soap, nice sheets, paper thin walls; so do expect to hear what you neighbors are up to.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	3	5	2	2	1	

<Author>LilyDragonfly
<Content>Incongruent design The Clift was marketed as a 4-star boutique hotel in downtown SF. It was indeed downtown and had all the hallmarks of a funky boutique hotel, but 4-star? Absolutely not.The lobby was darkly decorated with rich wood, a huge (and I mean HUGE) sitting chair - I think you needed a small ladder to get on the seat - lots of couches and a friendly staff, but there was no doorman there when we arrived at 5:30 PM on a Friday night.As we checked in, no offer of a bellman to get our bags to our room and when we entered the elevator, it was like the twilight zone. The first elevator we rode on was mirrored on the inside with red mirrors. Dizzying, in my opinion, especially when we stepped off the elevator on our floor to a vague lavender colour. Other elevators were blue mirrors and green mirrors. Oy.Our room was a lovely corner room, very small, but we were mindful of the fact that this was an OLD hotel property (I think it was originally a Four Seasons hotel) and the rooms from that grand era are much smaller than today. The furniture was blond wood and modern and someone had seen fit to paint a flourescent coral color on the underneath of the furniture to give it a glow. All well and good, except the paint was peeling off.The bathroom was fully mirrored (but in regular plain mirrors rather than the colored mirrors of the elevator, thank God!) and it gave a nice bright feel. The provided toiletries were fabulous - basil lemon (I think!) bar soap in a cool plastic case, shower gel, and so on.We went to dinner and a show in the Mission District and when we returned to the hotel after midnight, the doorman had finally appeared and wasn't going to let us in without our key, even though there was a super-packed bar scene happening right beyond the lobby. I guess our Mission District casual outfits wouldn't have passed muster in the bar and we were only let in because we both produced a room key.Check out was quick and painless, no weird charges we had to dispute, and again, friendly staff at the counter.Overall, definitely a three-star but in no one way does it come close to the four-star it was marketed as.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	5	2	-1	

<Author>The_Barefoot_DJ
<Content>All fur and no knickers For the final leg of our honeymoon we decided to stay at The Clift in San Francisco. We expected a chi-chi designer hotel and certainly from the lobby/reception areas it is impressive (also very very dark). On arrival the receptionist was precise and quick, less hospitable than the other hotels we'd stayed at for sure.We got to our room and saw what we expected. Small city centre hotel with a tiny bathroom. However what did make us slightly sad was the tiredness of the room. It certainly has not been touched since its conversation by Starck and Shrager. Minimalist to the letter, there were no frills associated with any other 5* hotel. Everything had to be paid for. The TV was a let down (sad I know to have to comment on this). It was an old school Philips 20inch TV - probably the same age as the hotel. Most good quality hotels - particularly those who consider themselves 5* and boutique would have had a plasma and not a 'box' in a console (also containing the mini-bar).The bathroom was obviously the original from the Clift but I can accept that although the chic bowl and stand table didn't fit with the vintage bath, tiles and toilet fixtures. Seems to me to be a lot of laziness in terms of trying to finish the job off.Linens were soft and comfortable but the towels were appalling. Pulled threads and worn out in places. Not what you would expect.Staff were reasonably polite and helpful (although it wasn't clear who was operating the concierge but then I didn't ask at first).Asia de Cuba was a success, although we were informed that portions were large and were recommended to choose just one appetiser and one entree. Not a problem if you both eat meat/fish but if you don't then the meat eater could get left out. Best bet is to order 2/3 appetisers instead. The carrot cake was amazing also but enough for 3 people!! Our meal including two glasses of wine each plus water and coffee is $168.00 which isn't that bad compared with UK prices. But choose wisely..The Redwood Room was avoided on Friday and Saturday due to the number of people in there (mainly external I believe). I think this is where the hotel lets its guests down, it doesn't provide a private residents bar which it should considering its status and price.Overall it was okay but not worth visiting again. I've stayed in hotels all over Europe and also the Bellagio and Loews. The Clift needs to revisit its guest experience in my opinion.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	4	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>AP_Phoenix
<Content>Cool hotel, Great location Stayed at the Clift for a girlfriends weekend getaway... Very speedy and nice front check in experience. The doormen were also great at getting us car service quickly.We stayed on the 14th floor- it was quiet and our rooms had decent views. I thought the room decoration was simple and clean.The decor in the front lobby is very cool and funky. We also came back late one evening and hung out in the packed bar- Redwood Room. We had table service and the waitress was a bit snooty- I didn't care for her. Overall, the bar was quite trendy and fun but be prepared to drop a few bucks on drinks....try the lavendar lemondrop martini...it's good stuff.I would stay here again and recommend it to friends that wanted to stay in a busier trendy spot on a city getaway. It was just a few minutes walking to Union Square, good restaurants and a ton of shopping nearby.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>pmb20
<Content>Horrible Experience, Rude Staff, Not at ALL worth it.... This was my first experience using travelocity and decided to take a chance and book a little getaway for the Labor Day weekend. Since I used to live in SF and travel their quite frequently for work, I am quite familiar with the city and knew we would want to stay in union square (as my boyfriend has never been there and this is the best touristy spot). I usually prefer to stay at the Sir Francis Drake or the Westin St. Francis but both were overbooked. I was left with the Clift and Hotel Nikko. I definiately made the wrong choice even though I had heard good things about the lounge and restaurant. Since I have stayed at the Morgan (NYC) several times I assumed we would have a pleasant experience and I LOVE Asia de Cuba in NYC. I was wrong!  When we arrived at the Clift, the doorman did not even open the door or even aknowledge our pressence. Check-in was smooth but the girl was certainly rushing us and annoyed with any questions. Our original plan was to spend our first night with dinner at Asia De Cuba and start off with some early evening cocktails at the Redwood Room. BIG MISTAKE. Upon check-in we asked if we needed reservations for the Redwood Room. The girl gave us some preferred customer cards of some sort which she explained would get us right in with no problem. We approached the hostess at about 730 pm. There were a couple of guys in front of us whom the hostess was assisting. As we patiently waited, a large group came up behind us. The matron of the group approached the hostess - cutting in front of everyone else AND interrupting the conversation between the hostess and the 2 guys. Rather than telling this RUDE woman to go stand in line actually assisted her! The guys in front of us looked apalled and we were infuriated. Once it was finally our turn (like that mattered to the hostess) she very rudely told us we couldnt come in without a reservation. She said she had people arriving at 9 pm. We explained we just wanted ONE pre-dinner cocktail. At this point she got even more rude. At this point we decided this was NOT a place we wanted to spend out money anyways. They obviously dont care about their actual guests! The scene was horrible anyways. I dont think there was a patron under the age of 65 in the entire bar.... so much for a hip bar scene. We tried to complain to a manager but he was too busy having a personal conversation with one of the doormen. We decided our money is better spent elsewhere and opted against dinner in the hotel. We had a lovely meal in the Marina district then went on to drinks at Matrix where our patronage was appreciated and our drinks were not accompanied with a side of rudeness. I might also point out the martinis are $8 at Matrix as opposed to the overpriced drinks Redwood Room with serve you along with their snooty attitude. We are from LA so we are no strangers to attitude but this was just plain RUDE.  Aside from the horrible experience our first night, the hotel lobby is quite nice. The rooms are VERY small and somewhat dirty. The bathroom is appalling - dirty towels, the fan doesnt work, no standing room. On our final day, the anger from night one had worn off slightly (probably because we spent as little time in the hotel as possible). We were packing our stuff and relaxing from a morning of shopping. The day before, housekeeping entered our room even though we had the do not disturb sign on the door. Since nothing was taken we ignored it. Now here we are, a mere hour from escaping the Clift, when there is a knock at the door...housekeeping. I explain we are leaving at 1 (check out time) and to please respect the do not disturb sign. 15 minutes later, another knock at the door. It is the housekeeper AGAIN. I tell her we are still here and remind her of our departure time. Sure enough, another knock at the door and who could it be? The SAME housekeeper. At this point we are so frustrated my boyfriend tells her to wait outside and we gather all our stuff (half packed and all). They clearly wanted us gone so we sprinted to the elevator checked out and left the Clift behind.  Trust me, the Clift offers NOTHING to validate such horrible attitudes and behavior. I had high hopes for this place and if they had impressed me, I would have considered staying there on my monthly business trips up to SF. Forget it. I will definately tell everyone I know NOT to stay here and I will probably never stay at the Morgan again either just because of the Clift affiliation. Trust me, you are better off at the Sir Francis Drake or the Westin. At least they know you exist there and are gracious for your patronage. My advice to the Clift, perhaps you should remember that you are serving your guests not vice versa. Thank you for putting a stain on an otherwise lovely trip.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	5	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>calbear23
<Content>Really nice, great location! Its a trendy hotel, a real beauty on the inside. Great bar scene, and the food was great too. The rooms are nice, great views, and a comfy bed. The TV was horrible, just 12 inches...they said they are working on that aspect. Morgans Hotels are fun and hip. You can't go wrong. Breakfast staff and waiters in Asia De Cuba were amazing!  
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>live2travel01
<Content>Great Hotel and Service My husband and I just got back from San Francisco where we stayed at the Clift hotel. We had an excellent time and can't say enough good things about the hotel and the service we received. The first night at the hotel we couldn't sleep because there was a service elevator next to our room which was loud and kept us up all night. We called front desk in the morning and they switched us to another beautiful room later that day. The hotel is well situated near Union Sq. and close to the public transit. The hotel is very clean and friendly staff. We especially recommend talking to Steve the concierge. He was so helpful in recommending great restaurants and things to do around San Francisco. He also recommended that instead of taking an organized tour of the Napa Valley like my husband and I wanted to do, he arranged a car rental for us and gave us great driving directions to go there on our own. That was really the high light of our trip. He made our own little itinerary so we were able to see the vineyards we wanted to see and even made lunch reservations at a wonderul restaurant for us. Overall great service!  
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>krazeyraze
<Content>If you like the W, you'll love the Clift! Trendy and hip hotel. It is the coolest place I have ever stayed. Great hotel room views of the city and funky amenities. The bar downstairs is smoking hot! A must see and very memorable place.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>travelgal30
<Content>Excellent Location, Beautiful, but Not Worth The Money Clift is a very beautiful hotel -- the lobby is stunning, the furniture is gorgeous, the elevators are sexy, I loved the periwinkle and silver decorations and thought the hotel room was very pretty. The location was terrific -- great restaurants within steps from the hotel, excellent shopping. Great front desk service. That said, I did not think it was worth the near $400 we paid for the night. The bed was not very comfortable although the room was quiet. It was our first trip to San Francisco and I'm glad we stayed there, but next time we'll probably look for a hotel that places more emphasis on comfort than style.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>LovesAmber
<Content>Nightclub posing as a 4 star hotel The hotel itself was gorgeous. The staff was superb. The room was nice although we did pay a upgrade fee of $75 a night as the room with priceline was only 260 sq feet. There is no coffee maker in room. The television is tiny. No pool. You must call for ice and sometimes it can take over 30 minutes to be delivered. The room service prices are unreal- $18 for a hamburger. Internet service ($10 a night) is from noon to noon. Unlike other places where it is a 24 hour period. Parking will run you $45 a night plus a $6 parking tax fee.For luxury I would say this is not a 4 star hotel such as the Hyatt or Hilton. It felt like a nightclub with a hotel attached. The bar is PACKED most nights and the crowd lingers into the small lobby.I would not stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>4	2	3	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>sharonn64
<Content>Attitude at the Clift Upon arrival at the Clift, we were embarrassed at the behavior of the desk clerk, who VERY loudly announced, to all around, that we were lucky that we got the room we got, because we were booked by Priceline. This incident was shortly followed by the concierge, who, while starting to advise us, took a call and proceeded to help the person on the line, rather than to explain that he was in the middle of helping a guest, and getting back to that person. THEN, we decided to eat dinner at Asia de Cuba, which is in the hotel, and got a really snotty attitude from the hostess! The dinner was great, though. In addition to all of this, the room was lacking any place to unpack, or set things down in the bathroom. We felt it a rather inhospitable stay. As far as we were concerned, the only people who would enjoy this place are those that enjoy being abused!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	5	2	2	-1	

<Author>Eser
<Content>no way ! 325 usd room only rate for so small rooms and dirty towels ! no way ! we stayed at san martins lane at london and enjoyed a lot , that's way we choose to stay another ian shragger hotel in sf . sorry but even Asia de Cuba was a failure . dont stay there if you are a couple and if you have more than 2 luggages . the only nice thing was the famous redwood room bar which was packed every night and has a great ambiance. location is great but again there are many other alternatives in the same area.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	4	1	3	3	-1	

<Author>rrleisurelady
<Content>Location! Location! Location! Had a very satisfactory result from first-ever Priceline bid on a 4-star hotel in SF Union Square West area - estimated savings of $75-$100 on the standard 2-queen room rate. The Clift is practically next door to Curran Theatre, about two blocks west of Union Square on Geary. Every staff person (from housekeeping to front desk) with whom we had contact was friendly, professional and accommodating. We loved the contemporary decor. One whimsical, huge, armchair in the lobby HAD to be photographed - And that's the truth (insert raspberry cheer here), in the words of a Lily Tomlin character!We enjoyed our 4-day girl's getaway in the great city by the bay and left more than our hearts there - some stress, some $, etc!Only minor complaints about little space of shelving/storage (in bathroom especially) or drawers, and no in-room coffee maker. Storage would have been sufficient for any one person.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mcgheecalifornia
<Content>Absolutely Fabulous.Wonderful Hotel- Just returned from this beautiful Hotel. The staff are probably the most courteous and friendliest staff I have ever encountered. The Hotel is a delight and has to be seen. Beauty is everywhere from the display of white tulips at reception to the whimsical furniture.The bedrooms delight with lovely colours and white linens. I was nervous after reading the comments on tripdvisor . Now I will be booking the Hotel directly for visits to Sf. I would NOT stay anywhere else.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NYGuest
<Content>Will not return We were given a room where the fan did not work in the bathroom. When we complained we were given another room where the fan did not work in the bathroom. Not my idea of good service.We were told that parking would be $45/night. What they charged us when we checked out was $65/night and I had to point out to them that they had double charged us on one night. Clearly nobody reviewed the bill. Furthermore, I was woken up early in the morning as my bill was slipped under the door. Something that I found be completely unacceptable.It is not a well run hotel, nor do they go out of their way to make one comfortable. They nickel dime you on every little charge. I don't mind paying for service or goods, but I do mind hidden charges and paying for services that I do not get. For instance the internet connection.The internet connection in the rooms was faulty and had a very slow data rate. I stayed in 2 rooms and they both had this problem. I was on a business trip and it was easier for me to go find a cafe and pay for an internet connection there. That stung as I like to work in my hotel room and I had already paid the clift for an internet connection. Also, on the morning I left, the Internet access was shut off hours before checkout time.Given the internet shutoff, the housekeeping coming by as I was in the shower, and the charge sheet unceremoniously shoved under the door in the early morning, I felt as though I was being shoved out the door. Not what one expects from a civilized hotel.I found the hotel to be cold and impersonal with poorly trained staff. No water or ice was available in the rooms. The rooms were tiny. The bar downstairs is full of 20 something heavy drinkers who tend to cluster outside the front door and smoke. It is not a pleasant atmosphere. There are many really nice hotels in San Francisco and in my opinion this one is second rate at best. I would not recommend it. There are better hotels right down the street that charge less.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	3	2	3	1	1	

<Author>peggy8
<Content>from AKL to SF....cool.       style outside every door  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>latinheat
<Content>Best hotel in SF! I spend a lot of time in the Bay area primarily for business and have tried most of the usual suspects but keep coming back to the Clift time and time again. It's the service that makes me want to return--from the moment I am greeted at my car by the folks working the door who are very friendly and charming (not to mention easy on the eyes!) to check-in and room service, I know I'm going to have a top-notch stay at the Clift every time! The room amenities are the best I've found in the city; Ian Schraeger-designed so you know they'll be visually interesting and appealing to most, plenty of space, ambiance lighting, candles, outrageously comfortable beds, lots of bathroom counter/shelf space, Frette robes... nothing is left to spare! And the Redwood Room is always a good time, too! In all, this is the best stay in SF and definitely worth the price of admission. (PS--remember if you're parking a car to call downstairs in advance and you'll have no worries at all!)  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lea99
<Content>not worth it. I recently had my parents stay here and I spent an evening there with them. Sure, the place is incredibly well designed and quite pleasant to look at. However, their fitness area stinks and there is no spa.Our room bordered on shoebox size. for the price, do yourself a favor and stay at the W or even the Huntington, where you have a few extra luxuries. The bar is gorgeous and definitely worth a stop but drinks are in the $14 a drink range and service is less than superior. The restaurant is also lacking on many levels. I felt that we were ripped off and would not stay there again.This hotel is no longer an Ian Schrager property and having been to his new gramercy park hotel, it sure does show.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>2	1	2	4	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>stoner
<Content>Clift is funky My wife and I just got back from a 3 night stay at the Clift. We loved it. Keep in mind that we got a great deal on this hotel using Priceline ($150 a night). If we had paid list prices for the hotel, I think we would have been disappointed. The theme is funky and contemporary....from the lobby, elevators, hallways, and then into the rooms themselves. We thought it was pretty cool. We read a ton of reviews on this site and the only negative thing that often gets pointed out were the size of the bathroom, they are TINY! There is litterally about a 1 foot by 2 foot area to stand on in the bathroom itself, thats it. We found the conceirge, front desk staff and doormen to be attentive and accomodating. We also found time to visit the Redwood Room for a drink or 2. The place was happening and very trendy. Expect to pay about $13-15 for you trendy drink however. My wife and I are in our mid 30's, and we would definately stay their again, but only by using Priceline. We wouldn't have been too happy to pay $300 + rack rates that appear on their website. This was out first time to SF, and the location could not have been better. It seemed to be right in the middle of everything  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>MoofiIreland
<Content>Cold, Dark and Grey Booked this hotel on the basis of it's 5* rating and location close to Union Square. First impression of the lobby area was cold dark and seedy. The remainder of the hotel, lifts, corridors and rooms continued the cold theme with primarily grey colors everywhere supplemented with dim lighting and over use of air conditioning. Not for the depressive!. Bed was very comfortable, rooms and bathroom very clean and well stocked. Breakfast room very cold in appearace and temperature and seemed more like a seedy (cold) night club. Breakfast quality was good but expensive. Internet usage expensive with printing charged at 7.50 extra per page!!. In summary, good location but don't go if you expect warm, bright and luxurious surroundings.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	5	5	3	3	3	

<Author>Brennan0304
<Content>ZERO CLASS - Front Desk agents Booked my stay at Clift via word of mouth of a co-worker. Was expecting something great - stylish and unique. What I got was the COMPLETE opposite. 1. The DoorMen were HORRID. They cared more about talking amongst themselves and I even had to open MY OWN DOOR while they completely disregaurded me. 2.Once I walked in to the dimley lit lobby (more like pitch black, although I will give it credit for creativity) I was appalled to have to wait for the Front Desk Clerk to even acknowledge me! And it was not bc there were other guests or even phone call duties. They were talking amongst themselves and laughing. I could not believe it and even expressed my disapoinment with my arrival. the clerk Terra i think just shrugged her shoulders and proceded with Check In. (Terrible service ) Could have at least apologized and made certain it was not a lasting impression.3.The rooms were EXTREMELY small and have NO dressers! I felt like i was back at my University Dorm Room! Please CLIFT get with the times! The Good: Redwood Room is alot of fun. But you are better off staying at ANOTHER hotel (with some CLASS) and just visiting the Redwood Room for a night.Overall my grief is not about the style of the hotel. I understand the Clift is not for everyone by way of their unique approach to what a hotel is...Its just I think they confuse what they should be doing with being CARLESS and treating the guests like they would their neighbor down the street. They have NO idea what class is! I blame the management for hiring these DUMB kids who have probably NEVER worked at a hotel before and dont get trained in how to (again) behave with class....MESSAGE TO ALL: DONT STAY AT CLIFT  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	1	

<Author>kellyNo
<Content>Dark  The Clift lobby was very dark and cool. Staff was always pleasant, but not overly friendly. The PYT's who double as doormen could stand to be a little more attentive (they often failed to open the doors and managed to hail a cab for us that would only go to Oakland - we were headed to Russian Hill!). The room we had was smallish, but not at all uncomfortable - mirrors almost everywhere helped to maintain the illusion the room was a little bigger than it was. The room was very clean, and the bed and pillows in particular, were super comfortable. Shower pressure and temperature were perfect - almost too powerful on both counts! And the toiletries provided smelled great and worked well. I'm still using the body milk and hoping to find something comparable.We were surprised the Clift charges $10 a day for internet for this high-end of a hotel. Room service is expected to be exhorbitant - but still was much more than expected with extra fees tacked on.The location was great though - everywhere we wanted to go was easily accessed on foot or nearby public transportation. I'd be happy to stay at the Clift again.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>edcharlotte
<Content>Staff's attitude overshadows beautifully designed hotel The hotel is typical Ian Shrager, very unique design with attention to detail. Morgan hotel is nyc has anice design as well but less attitude so I wasn鈥檛 expecting that form the san fran location. The rooms are a little small but that鈥檚 expected. The bar is gorgeous and asia de cuba is good and a nice touch to addition to the hotel for its convenience. .The hotel staff under whelms the design of the hotel. I wont characterize all of the doormen as euro-jerks as some (the guys in the morning) are very nice and helpful. The night crew are horrible. One particular individual (moron with the pony tail) is too cool (or at least he thinks he is) to do anything and he seems to go out of his way to be rude to guests and non guests. I don鈥檛 expect much out of doormen other than opening the door but this guy goes out of his way not to open it or not to answer any questions or get a cab. He has more of a bouncer attitude than he does a helpful doormen. I walked in with an older couple in front of me and he asked if they were staying at the hotel. He was embarrassed when they said 鈥測es we have a suite here you idiot鈥? I laughed. The bartenders aren鈥檛 much better (guy with the shaved head on Wednesdays needs to get a clue) Too cool to serve people drinks (other than girls with big boobs). Drinks are expensive ($8 beers/$16 martinis)) but you are paying for the bar which is very nicely designed. Front desk is hit or miss. Check in was good and check out was painful. Ian shrager should put as much work on the hotel staff attitude as he does in his design and he would have a 5 star hotel instead of a 2 star hotel because of the attitude of the select few.I wouldn鈥檛 go back to the clift as there are plenty of other hotels that are just as nice without the attitude.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	2	1	1	

<Author>mjordan33
<Content>Satisfied at the Clift Beautiful public spaces with an active nightlife in the Redwood Room on the weekends. The interior design in the rooms is well thought out, chic and minimal, but not updated since the 90's it appears. However, the rooms are in good condition and have been well maintained. The staff was friendly and helpful at all times. This hotel was a good deal for what we paid (@ $190/night) on Travelocity. I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dparnell50
<Content>Fantastic Hotel, Fantastic Staff!!! My wife and I stayed at the Clift Hotel Friday June 22 through Monday June 25. After reading some of the reviews here I had mixed feelings about the hotel. I even went as far as contacting the assistant manager with some of my concerns and she (Jenny) put me at ease. We stayed in room 419 and even though it was a bit small it was VERY clean. The size of the room didn't bother us since we are rarely in the room when we travel. The bathrooms are tiny, but we expected that from a hotel in the middle of a large city. The decor is awesome, not your traditional stuffy hotel it is very hip and chic. The hotel staff was more welcoming than some other hotels I have visited. The doormen that have been talked about so much on this site were there the entire weekend. We did occasionally have to open our own door when they were helping others into a cab or helping someone with directions, no biggie. We asked for a late checkout and they accomodated us without any problems. Overall, I think this is a great hotel in a great location! I booked this hotel online and got a great rate, next time we are in SF we will definitely stay here again. Thanks  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>J2meLumi
<Content>Great Location I surprised my husband with a trip to SF to see his beloved Giants at a home game. I picked this hotel especially for it's boutique, masculine decor and feel. It is personally not my taste--I prefer more comfy decor and setting--but right up my hubby's alley. The doormen were helpful and would direct us to great places to eat, things to see and would flag down taxi's for us. We had drinks in the bar at around 9pm and you could see the young, hip crowd in the bar and it got crowded. The rooms are very small. We had a room on the 4th floor, there was some noise from the street below, but what can you expect when you're staying in a hotel in the middle of the city? The beds were comfortable and clean. The bathrooms were tiny! You could barely fit one person in there! Location is great! You walk out your door and you are steps from shopping, trollies, taxi's or whatever you need. I would not recommend this hotel to families or people who prefer more luxurious accomodations. Overall, it was a good experience.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Gothampanda
<Content>Attitude We, a family of 4, have stayed at the Clift regularly for 3 years and greatly enjoyed its location, decor, and friendly staff. This March I tried to make a reservation to stay in our favorite suite and I was told that they do not and have never allowed 4 people to stay together in a suite. The reservations agent continued to insist that this was true even when I told her we had stayed there numerous times in the past and that she could look this up in her records. I asked if it were possible to take two rooms or two adjoining rooms. She made no effort to be helpful or explain the situation or call for a manager. I am appalled they would treat any potential guest with this attitude, much less a previous customer. We will not try again. I am writing this review 3 months later because it still irks me!  
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>1	2	4	5	3	3	-1	-1	

<Author>Readnwalk
<Content>Mixed. We just spent three days at the Clift and found the experience mixed. The good:1. Location--can't be beat.2. Front desk crew--helpful and friendly.3. Bed and bed linens--comfy.The OK:1. Lobby decor2. Doormen--friendly enough, but rarely open the door for you.The bad:1. Lighting--terrible in the lobby and in the rooms. Hard to even read.2. Storage--essentially none. They use funny plastic cubes as nightstands and have no dresser available.3. Room size. Pretty small for a good hotel. SMALL bathroom.3. Charge for internet service.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>3	4	2	5	5	5	3	2	

<Author>Hamidou
<Content>What happens fashion designersma When we checked into the Clift, the clerk said we were lucky to be staying with them at all for this rate. Then he proceded to tell us we would be disappointed in the room if we didn't upgrade to a better room at a much higher price. All this before he gave us the key.The hotel is poorly lit to conceal its age, blemishes and cleanliness. Where the Clift gets off calling itself a jet set hotel I'll never know. I've stayed in Dubai, London and Gstaad and I know where the jet set resides - and it ain't places like this. I'd recommend thee Clift for people who spend a lot of time watching MTV and haven't the faintest clue what class is.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	1	1	1	

<Author>AnaHouston
<Content>Never a dull moment at the Clift Ask for David, the Guest Experience Manager. San Francisco for Saint Patrick's is a blast in North Beach. The Clift still has the most international, dressed up crowd.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LMSTraveler
<Content>The Clift is OVER RATED! The Clift is definitely over rated. As mentioned on several other reviews, the doormen are lazy and worthless. I'd fire them because the only thing worse than a guest opening the doors themselves is opening the doors while a stylish guy in a pony tail stands there and watches. No help at all with the baggage. How does that add into a five star rating?The bathrooms are horrible. The marble flooring is scuffed and stained and looked dirty even after a visit from housekeeping. And small! I have never seen a smaller bathroom. There is little or no space for any personal toiletries at all!The rooms are cold and very univiting. Ol' Phillipe S. may have been going for the celestial cloud crap, but itcame off as cold and uninviting. The bed was horrible as well. I'll take a Westin pillow top bed any time over the lumpy bed we had at the Clift.And why can't they find room in the rooms for a dresser? We were here for three nights and lived out of the suitcase because there was no dresser. There was a nice sized closet, that handled hanging clothes, and a K-Mart college dorm style open shelf unit in the closet, but It would be nice to have a dresser!I've stayed here before, and well before the remodling, and I will not try it again. I prefer the Fairmont or ANY Westin over the Clift. The Clift is not a comfortable place to stay. I do not care who designed it, why he designed it that way, of who loves his design. Obviously the hoel management does and the drop his name in every review response. Also the other reviewers mentioned high room service charges, I agree 15% gratutity, 5% surcharge and then a $3.50 delivery charge. All to get a VERY overpriced room meal. I walked to Starbucks every day and was glad I did. Overall not a bad hotel but 5 star? Please!  
<Date>Jun 2, 2007
<Rating>3	4	2	1	2	2	1	1	

<Author>Mondak
<Content>Great Hotel This is a great hotel to stay at for business or pleasure. The location is excellent, near Union Square, BART stations and walking distance to many restaurants. Very modern hotel with fun, crowded bar, excellent restaurant (Asia de Cuba) and terrific service. Rooms are great- modern decor, very clean and almost soundproof (although the bathrooms are very small in some).  
<Date>May 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kiwitripper64
<Content>Not thtat good Clift Hotel very stark with little warmth or ambiance. Rooms are small. Staff friendly and helpfull. Would not go back  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>chathamNY
<Content>Smallest bathroom.... OK. so why do they keep these Morgan places so dark?? The stylish lobby and the bar are almost over done...the location is good (but on the edges), the rooms are indeed small, the views narrow airshafts and dull brick buildings...(higher floors excepted)...the rooms designed for photographs, but not living in, there are NO drawers...NONE, if using desk, can't get by to rest of room, small tv, and the worst, the smallest bathrooms I've met, with too much furniture in odd locations, we moved ours into room..better, no relaxing soaks in the mini tub either...There are, however, redeeming aspects: the bar is great, the restaurant is good, the beds are super and the staff in particular accomodating and helpful...the place is well kept and very clean. Would we stay again, well we were in a Superior rm 315 sq ft king sleigh bed tub and shower dvd cd high ceiling room...if we had the $$$ the suites are fun and interesting and the big suite (the apartment) is GREAT...All in all, I'll try another place next trip...at $300+ per night...there has to be a better place  
<Date>May 20, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>TheThibster
<Content>Ridiculously overpriced Stayed at Hotel Clift 2 nights. First, i had a very good impression: the lobby and decoration are really great. Then i saw my room. Small, basic, dull, no equipement in particular. I had cookies from the minibar that were stale for over 4 months. My laundry cost me half of the purchase price of my clothes and turned out poorly ironed. Breakfast is expensive and as limited as a few croissants and fruit juice. I never could speak to the reception without queuing 10 minutes. All in all, go there for drinks, not for staying!  
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>2	1	3	5	2	3	4	2	

<Author>casty
<Content>Excellent!!! My partner  I arrived at The Clift after a long flight from London...... The hotel is very stylish  not over designed...... Check in was fast and efficient. and the staff charming.......We had a beautiful room on the top floor....... and the view was wonderful...... The room we stayed in was certainly not tiny and was spotlessly clean. I must say the chambermaids do a very thorough job!The hotel bar do wonderful cocktails  it is a great place to observe people....... Breakfast was good. The concierge was great at suggesting restaurants  making reservations........The walls are thin.... so yes you can hear the person in the room next to you.......But overall ......... we had a wonderful stay @ The Clift and will definitely return.  
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Departs
<Content>Pass on this hotel We stayed at the Clift hotel for 5 nights in May, 2007. The decor is interesting and funky. The rooms are very small and as has been mentioned, the bathrooms are extra small. Most rooms have only a closet to store your clothing. Each room is slightly different, but the purple, cream and orange tones seem to be consistent. We enjoyed the decor, but the rooms are very noisy. You can literally hear the people speaking next door and no, they don't have to be loud. This is one of the noisiest hotel rooms I have ever stayed in and we travel a lot.Unfortunately we had guests who despite being asked by hotel security to be quiet, continued to party well past 3am. Ear plugs don't do the trick. We asked for a room change. It was handled efficiently and because we didn't have guests staying beside us, our new room was quiet. The hotel staff were helpful in relocating us and in recommending restaurants and offering other suggestions. I didn't think they were as professional as one would expect in this class of hotel, but they got the job done. Eventually. The location is excellent and we felt very safe.I'll be back to SF, but I won't be staying here. I can't recommend it, even for a short stay.  
<Date>May 14, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	2	2	3	

<Author>FrankBelfast
<Content>clift, you made our first visit to the west coast complete I can only cofirm what has been commented on on recent reports...the hotel is cool! Decor throughout was excellent... staff friendly and helpful and location excellent I certainly hope to revisit this hotel on my next visit to San francisco  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>philip_stoev
<Content>Agressive Room Service The hotel is super nice and cool, however the room service appears to be a bit agressive. During my two-week stay there I got two phone calls asking if I want my room cleaned. I was approached with the same question several times in front of the room door and on two occasions room service knocked on my door for the same purpose even with the do not disturb sign hanging on the door. Once I noticed my room was cleaned in my absence even though that sign was posted and once the sheets were changed even though I had placed the be-eco-friendly-do-not-change-sheets label on my pillow.Furthermore the doors and walls are kind of thin so I had the pleasure of listening to the knock-knock-room-service routine being played on each door on my floor twice a day. Other reviewers have said the noise in that hotel is mostly from parties, however I think otherwise.  
<Date>May 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	2	3	

<Author>asorguod
<Content>Love the CLIFT Great service in a beautiful hotel. I travel regularly in the U.S. and Europe and I find this is one of the best hotels in which I have stayed. The service is consistently first rate by a very attentive staff. Everyone is super friendly, in person and on the phone. They鈥檝e helped me with restaurant reservations, wine-tasting trips, spa reservations, and they do it with pleasure. Asia de Cuba, the restaurant, has great food, tending towards the deliciously exotic鈥?and the Redwood Room, which must be one of the most beautiful bars in the city, is a great place to have a drink and meet friends or co-workers.I come to San Francisco for work but staying at the Clift makes the trip seem more like pleasure.I'll definitely be back.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Crawfy&Lexy
<Content>Honeymoon Heaven We stayed at The Clift as part of our 3 stop USA Honeymoon ( Vegas  NYC) The staff at The Clift are a credit to themselves and their hotel as they treated us like friends rather than just paying guests. Their counterparts at The Hudson in NYC should take a leaf from their training book. We were upgraded in advance (without asking) to suite 1533, a beautiful, bright and crisp corner room. The Clift is boutique and cool in style, the bar can be a bit dark and overpowering but worth a cocktail to people watch. Talking of that - have a look at the 'paintings' on the walls - very cool....The concierge dealt with our every need - travel advice, restaurant reservations, airport car, and even liasing with vegas with regards items left in our room there. We did not eat in the hotel as there is so much cool food in SF. A 'tourist' photo sitting in the big chair in the lobby is a must...but most imprtantly - experiencing The Clift is also a must. Excellent location - 1.5 blocks from Union Sq, close to tram/bus links. Professional and friendly service. Funky design but still very comfortable. Californian, laid back cooool.........We would go back in a heartbeat  
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>RocinanteOhio
<Content>Very nice. We just returned from a five day stay at the Clift. We are in are late 50's and very much enjoyed the hotel. Staff is very friendly and accomodating. Arrived late due to flight problems and check in was accomodating. We had Theater tickets so that was essential. Surprised to find Theater was virtually next door which gave us some crucial minutes. 脜ctually spent very little time in the room which is typical for us so room size was not an issue. Room was very nice and comfortable. We do not expect or need an enormous room. We thought decor was interesting and different. Those complaining about city issues, it is to be expected, but not threatening in the least. Clift staff is always outside welcoming you. The Redwod Room is rather amazing. We got a very good deal on room which of course made a lot of difference.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>gatr9197
<Content>Just returned from the Clift My wife and I just returned from the wonderful city of San Francisco. If you have never gone, well worth the trip. Not a ton to do, but the ambiance and relaxed state of the city is soothing itself. Definitely check out the usual tourist traps (Alcatraz, Pier 39, Chinatown) and if you like art head over to the SFMOMA. There was gallery dedicated to Picasso's prevalent role in developing modern/post modern artists.So about this hotel..... First of all if you are going ask yourself some specific questions...1) am I looking for a hotel to be chic and attempting the cutting edge of design (trying to make an artistic statement)?if you could care less or are not impressed with this previous statement, you may not like the Clift Hotel. This hotel is just like its sister in South Beach, The Delano. It is a great scene to be scene, have an amazing night (Redwood Room) and eat a fantastic, yet expensive meal (Asia De Cuba). Overall, I really felt like this was a couples hotel, friends looking to get out and party around SF hotel, business hotel, and romantic hotel, not really a family with kids hotel.2) Am I looking for a hotel with a large room and bathroom?Just like NYC and a couple of other large metropolitan areas, there just aren't many hotels with large rooms/bathrooms. The Clift's bathroom is small like most hotels (W Hotel, Hotel Diva, Hiltons, Marriots) in the city.My overall impressions:ServiceBell Hops all the way up to management and front desk workers were extremely polite, friendly, and welcoming. They took our bags up to our room immediately, brought in room service promptly with a smile, and even were very friendly at the Redwood Bar getting us a table quickly without extra charges. When we checked out, our bags did not make it out to the car right away and our car was a few minutes late. The doorman was immediately on his phone and little radio twice to correct the situation promptly. I have read negative reviews about the service about six months ago on this site. These reviews are now false b/c either management was changed or they changed their style of customer service. Either way, smart move Clift, your service will keep bringing people back.RoomSmall, but so are the majority of rooms in SF. Great king sized bed with comfortable sheets/comforter. Pillows are down so if you are allergic (wife is) just call down to housekeeping and they will accomodate your needs. Bathroom is small but not completely terrible. There are also mirrors in the room which can make it a tad bit easier when getting ready to go out for the night. Only suggestion for this hotel is purchase some better quality towels. The white, holiday inn style doesn't fit.Lobby/Bars/RestaurantsThe lobby can definitely throw you off if you don't expect it. There is a huge fireplace, oversized chair (like the seat is six feet off the ground), amongst other eccentric nic-nacs. Great library/sitting area with classic board games to pass the time.Redwood Room is a great bar. It has a beautiful design, plenty of seating (if you are lucky to get some), and a huge bar. Don't pass this place up. Great mix of a crowd age wise as well. Just fun, not pretentious like some of the bars/clubs in South Beach, Vegas, LA, etc.Asia De Cuba seemed like a nice restaurant. Didn't get there for dinner or lunch, but had a good breakfast. Seemed trendy, but never heard a complaint from anyone who ate there. We got a great deal on the price (below $200), but even if it was $250/$300 a night, we would definitely come back (unless the Four Seasons or Ritz was the same price). Great time and wonderful overall experience. Thanks Clift!  
<Date>Apr 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>DTravelerCapeTown
<Content>Disfunctional Design From halfway across the world we were seduced to select the Clift Hotel in San Francisco in which to spend our first night in the city,by its glamorous web site, promising a first rate designer environment and luxury. Tired after trans-Atlantic and trans-continental flights we fought our way through heavy glass doors, unaided by doormen, bellhops, or staff of any other description and entered a gloomy, cavernous interior. The trademark oversized chair, tusk-backed sofa, Perspex chairs and assorted leather furniture presented no coherent design aesthetic. Ironically, the Clift Hotel was one of the first hotels that popped up on a Google search for 鈥渇amily friendly hotels鈥?in San Francisco.Our ten year old daughter, herself well traveled, described the hotel instantly as creepy. After checking in we were still offeredno assistance whatsoever with our luggage and had to manage our own way to our room in dark and gloomy lifts more suited to seedy night clubs than luxury hotels. As for the room, it appeared to have been decorated with bargain basement sales items in the nature of paints, carpets, curtains and wall hangings that would not otherwise have sold. Grey carpet met chintzy beige curtains, lilac, purple and white paints, beech furniture and fake and uncomfortable French period-style chairs. Copious mirrored walls were apparently meant to balance the unbalancable lot.The bathroom design was undoubtedly copied from 1970s state hospital bathroom designs. The bathroom space itself was large enough to have allowed an architect or interior designer with any talent to have come up with a comfortable and functional use of space. Instead, there is a low and small bath with no space for headrest, over embellished with large stainless steal protrusions and a poorly designed bath/shower apparatus. There should be no place for shower curtains in luxury hotels! The basin is tiny with no space for toiletries. If all this does not make for an uncomfortable bathing experience already, the fog horn style noise of what was either the plumbing or the exhaust fan was migraine inducing. The bathrobes, which are typically meant to be inviting to guests, were bound and knotted up, tight as mummies, so that one finally gave up the effort to put one on. Walls in the hotel are clearly porous and made of paper. We were woken at 3:00 AM by guests in a neighbouring room who carried on for more than an hour a normal but inane conversation, of which we could do no other but lie and listen to every single word.Staff in general were either absent or wholly disinterested in the hotel鈥檚 clients. We could not leave soon enough. If this hotel represents San Francisco鈥檚 design aspirations, aesthetic sense and hospitality, the city should be worried. We will gladly pay for beauty, comfort, efficiency and friendly service. We found none of these qualities at the Clift Hotel.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Divebabe
<Content>Great service..how a 5-stars should be We had recently a 4-nights stay in San Francisco on the way to our Honeymoon. Before arriving I called the hotel to warn that we were up for a late-check in, the girl at the phone was exquisitely kind and confirmed me that they would be waiting for us. Check-in went smooth and quick, we got a complimentary upgrade to a junior-suite. The room was nice and clean, the design great (hey, I reckon I'm design-addicted), the bed super-comfortable and they have great sheets. Great lightings and atmosphere. Enough choice for breakfast and for (midnight)snacks, (in both cases you got different menu's to choose from), everything was delivered quite timely. The only minus: the bathroom is really very small! For the rest we totally enjoyed our stay, perfect service, from the beginning to the end: professional, kind and always ready to make us feel welcome and to satisfy our requests. This is how a four stars should be! We loved the place, the atmosphere, the Redwood-Room, the fire-place and the attitude...and of course, the location! Great  hip place to stay when in SFO!  
<Date>Mar 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>joepinstripe
<Content>100% Great Experience This review is for a one night stay (March 3 - 4) in room #1128.Upon arriving at the hotel (friend and I walked from Powell Street BART Station), I immediately noticed that they had finally put a sign on the exterior (metal letters, set discreetly on the front of the building by the entrance). When we started walking past the tree pots set on the outside Geary Street wall of the building, my friend said, I already think I am going to like this place due to the understated but stylish exterior vibe.Upon entering the fantastically designed lobby, we encountered no line at check-in. My friend went off to ogle the spectatcular design elements while I dealt with check-in. The woman handling that was friendly and welcoming...in fact, none of the snottiness pointed out in some other reviews was encountered by us with any of the staff during this visit. But we are smiley, friendly people so maybe that's what we got back? Who knows -- I just felt very welcome the entire visit.We then took the opportunity to enjoy a drink in the Redwood Room before the party scene started -- it's a stunning space, and the redesign of several years ago was sympathetic and successful. Going when it is quiet may not be a party highlight, but it is certainly an opportunity to enjoy the magnificence of this space -- and a good cocktail!When we got to the room, we discovered that the management had delivered a bottle of sparkling wine (Gloria Ferrer blanc de noir) and a lovely flower arrangement, with their compliments. Most kind of them!Our purpose for coming to the Clift this time was to host a 40th birthday party for a friend, including 10 guests, so we had booked a 925 square foot one-bedroom suite with living and dining area. It was spectatcular -- very large, private, quiet and beautifully designed with loads of windows and large wall mirrors to keep things bright and several pieces of custom Phillipe Starck furniture that are unique to that room. There is an 8-place oval dining table covered with a custom cut piece of orange mirror glass. Wild! But very sophisticated, too. It's freaky-chicy as one of our guests said.The room service team arranged everything perfectly -- four hot appetizers had been ordered a week before-hand, as well as red wine glasses, Champagne flutes and iced Champagne buckets (we bought our own wine at the very well-appointed wine shop two blocks away -- Moet  Chandon White Star and Stags Leap Wine Cellars Artemis). By the way -- we got NO bad vibes at all about bringing our own wine and the people in room service, in the days before our arrival, were a pleasure to work with. We asked to have everything set up by 6:30pm and it was done by 6:40pm. Pretty good!The room is great for entertaining, and after two hours or so, we all left for the Vivienne Westwood party at the DeYoung Museum. Upon returning close to midnight, some of us enjoyed cocktails and appetizers in the Living Room area, which was dark and private -- the Redwood Room is a great place to party, but we were too pooped to deal with that scene.We slept soundly in the excellent bed and in the morning were shouting for joy over the strongest water pressure from a hotel shower either of us had experienced in quite some time! The bathroom has ample space for personal effects and the dressing room outside the bathroom has a table-with-mirror and huge closets for even more storage.We requested a late check-out at 2pm which was immediately approved. Then we went downstairs to enjoy our breakfast. The Asia de Cuba french toast was amazing -- it had a veritable mountain of whipped cream -- and bravo to the restaurant for also offering design it yourself egg-white omelettes for those of us fat-averse types! Breakfast was not cheap but we had a couple Mimosas, so it was our own fault! LOL And if you want cheap, there are a couple greasy spoons a block or two up Geary that serve good diner food (I think one is called the Olympic Flame and I've had good eggs-toast-and-bacon brekkies there).Check-out was a breeze and there were no hidden charges on the bill. Once again, the staff just could not have been more friendly -- even the cleaning staff one passed in the halls smiled and said Hello.I had some fears about the complexity of the expectations I had of the hotel -- the food, getting it set up, making sure it was a memorable and flavorful 40th birthday for my friend -- and I just could not be more pleased. They got EVERYTHING right.I will most certainly be returning to The Clift....in fact, I have the same room booked for July 6! Good job to everyone at the hotel and thank you for making my friend's 40th birthday truly special.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kling
<Content>over priced - no value here Stayed here for the weekend. We were here for a family event. We asked if we could get connecting rooms. Not possible. Everytime we came and left the hotel we were attacked by panhandlers. We ate in the resturant Sunday morning 7 adults and 2 children for breakfast was $249. Rooms were small but clean. We brought our own beer into the mini bar, so they took the bottle opener out of there so we could not open our beer.We will not return.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	3	5	2	3	-1	

<Author>ayad99
<Content>Average in everything except the price The hotel has a very good location 1.5 blocks from Union Square. The Service was adequate and the rooms were clean but small. Also I think the hotel is overpriced for the service they are providing.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	2	3	

<Author>hermoinegingold
<Content>Traveler be aware..... Purchased a trip through Orbitz - picked this hotel because of the excellent ratings. Lovely lobby, but... be aware that this hotel does enforce its policy of surcharging at the time of check in. Although we paid for our room (which was quite small, but clean) well in advance, and imprinting a CC is standard, but we were quite dismayed on receiving a call from AMEX asking us about an unusual charge (it was in excess of $1000). Management indicated that this was standard practice. We've never experienced this before (we're in our 50's) so thought we should share this information. In our case, it was not an issue, but for a younger couple on a budget, this might create a problem.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2007
<Rating>1	2	3	4	4	2	1	3	

<Author>voyager_cmc
<Content>Very Good Customer Service I recently wrote about my dissatisfaction with the Clift Hotel's New Year's Eve 2007 VIP Party. After speaking with Lauren we were informed that this event was managed by a 3rd party.In addition, Lauren gave us the contact information for Uncorked Events. They assured us that this is not their normal business practice and we are working toward a partial refund.Thanks Clift Hotel and Uncorked for protecting your brand.Very Impressive Customer Service and it leaves us feeling like their is something to be said about dealing with reputable businesses such as yours! Although I wasn't able to delete my prior posting, I want to make sure i note that your hotel understands and manages situations very well.Thanks again.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nodddy
<Content>ignore the bad press just had to post a review after reading the negative comments posted previously. i spent 2 weeks at the clift last year, travelling from australia specifically to stay at the hotel. i could not fault the 14 nights there. yes the hotel is located at the corner of the tenderloin districts start - but so what ? exit the hotel - turn right and you are 5 mins from union square ! the hotel was spotless, the staff great, the rooms fine - it was a great experience. ignore the negatives - give the place a try, and if you have amex platinum enjoy the room upgrades. and by the way - i don't work for morgans hotel group :)  
<Date>Feb 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>ralphandma
<Content>Overpriced with bad service Avoid this place at all cost. It is located in San Francisco's Tenderloin District, one of the worst crime ridden areas of the city. Don't believe the type about its fashion designed interior or its proximity to Union Square, it is not safe to walk around at night and the rooms are tiny and dirty. This place is nothing more than a glammed up residential hotel. Also, don't believe the positive reviews on this site which were undoubtedly posted by the management. You can find much nicer hotels at much more reasonable rate than this place.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>happytraveler75
<Content>Terrible Wedding Night Stay - Very Disappointed I know I'm writing this review late, considering I stayed at this hotel in 2004, but I recently joined TripAdvisor, so I felt the need to write a review on it since I have stayed at this establishment in the past.My husband and I had just gotten married in October of 2004 and after LOTS of research, we decided to spend our wedding night at the Clift Hotel after getting married that afternoon in Sausalito. Upon arriving at the hotel, we were greeted by a very SNOBBY staff who didn't seem to care that we had just gotten married and never even bothered to utter one word of congratulations. Fine. Whatever. Then they told us to leave our bags with the bellhop and he would bring it up to our room. Needless to say, we waited over 45 minutes for the bellhop to arrive and finally, after calling the front desk twice (couldn't get through the first time), he finally arrived. He gave us a very nasty look of contempt when he walked out the door without a dime in his hands, since we decided that giving a tip would actually send the message that his service was remotely adequate.When we arrived to the room, we were extremely disappointed. The feature sheet describes the rooms as Large windows with panoramic city views overlooking the Golden Gate Bridge, as well as other San Francisco landmarks. Let me tell you, the only view I got was of the brick wall looking onto the neighboring apartment building through a tiny window. Another huge disappointment, especially considering this was our wedding night.Like the other reviewers said, the bathroom was TINY and had absolutely no room for toiletries. I can't believe the feature sheet had the nerve to say Bathrooms - comfortable, OVERSIZED, and luxurious!!! What the heck??? The room itself was very small, considering the large pricetag you have to pay. Again, someone needs to revise that feature sheet that says The 363 rooms at Clift are GENEROUSLY scaled and beautifully appointed. Or do they mean the rooms are generously scaled to fit a mouse?The only highlight of our stay was the bed. I had the best night of sleep I've had in a very long time. It is the only reason I would give this review 2 stars, but after all the negatives, not even the bed can make up for everything else to give it the extra star.I am a native of the Bay Area and know that there are many other establishments to stay in San Francisco where the service and amenties are far superior than the Clift Hotel.Considering my stay at the Clift was on my wedding night, I will always have a bad taste in my mouth when I consider how awful and disappointing my stay was on what was supposed to be one of the most special evenings of my life.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>Derek323
<Content>Fine hotel, great location, excellent service -- and a parking tip Spent 5 nights at the Clift over Christmas. I'd read some of the negative reviews and had started to wonder, but I knew the location and the bar and thought I'd give it a chance any way. Very glad I did.ROOMSHad the junior suite and was very pleased. Two rooms about the same size (225 sq. feet each, 450 total), living area with one large window with a great view to Nob Hill, king size bed with dresser and bench in the other. Desk, sofa and some comfy chairs, a small entertainment center in the living room. (Yes the TV's are small but I didn't go to San Francisco to get caught up on CSI.) Kind bed in the bedroom was extrememly comfortable, the pillows and sheets as well and the duvet nice enough to want to steal/buy. The colors throughout were soft pastels, and both room had lots of mirrors that help spread the light and open the space. The bathrooms were fine, perhaps on the small side but for those who don't understand why you can't find Vegas size rooms in SF hotels, take a look around. The old architecture,especially in the theater district and down town, doesn't allow for it. The charm of hotels like these is that they still have the original feel despite the modern renovations. That said, it's also worth noting the water pressure was still amazing, which often isn't the case in the larger, older structures that might still have old plumbing -- no problem here.SERVICEI often travel over the holidays and have come to accept that most hotels and restaurants are under staffed during the holiday season and often things take a little longer to get done. Not the case here. House keeping was exemplary -- every minor request cared for almost instantly and with a smile. The front desk was friendly, always helpful without a trace of the mysterious attitude some people on here seem to be complaining of. Yes, they're younger and had nicer hair cuts than me, but they were still very professional at all times. (Only one minor complaint -- the door man did in fact seem to be invisible during our stay, which was only an issue when checking in.)THE BAR/RESTAURANTThe bar may be a bit of a scene, but with good reason: it's a great place to sit and have a drink, and the bartenders pour liberally. The redwood walls and art deco bar are understandable a tourist attraction in their own right. Even Christmas eve the bar was full and the staff a little overwhelmed, but a very friendly bar manager rolled up his sleeves and did his best to help out, giving away any of his mistakes and even many of the drinks he poured correctly. (I can't count the number of drinks that never appeared on my tab during my stay there.) Yes weekend table service is pricey -- a few hundred for a bottle wine (more for hard liquor) for the luxury of a table can be a bit much. It's also standard at any bar of that style and caliber, and the answer for those who don't want to spend that much is simple: go before 10 pm, or on a week night, or just muscle up to the bar. Or bring a bunch of friends and split the bill. Either way it's worth checking out.The restaurant, Asia de Cuba, is also beautiful and connects to the bar. The staff is friendly, the portions generous and contrary to what some say not that pricey when compared to restaurants like it. We ate there once during our stay (there are so many amazing restaurants in SF you'll never eat at the same place twice), and while I don't really like Asian-Carribean fusion food, what they do they do very well. Not necessarily my taste, although an appetizer and martini is a great start to any night...The room service menu I thought was quite good. We ordered in a few times and the food arrived quickly, fresh from the kitchen, and was delicious.I could happily go on. I'll definitely return to the Clift next time I go to SF. No it's not an inexpensive hotel, but as always you get what you pay for and I was quite pleased with what I got. PARKING TIP - the 45 dollars a night they charge at the hotel is pretty much on par with other hotels in the area (it's the theater district so parking is naturally pricey). But if you're willing to go two blocks north on Geary there's a small garage on the right that charges 15/night, 20/night with in/out privaledges. It's literally a 2 minute walk to the hotel for those who want to save some money.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>iluvamex
<Content>Business trip OK The hotel itself was fine for one evening as I was there on business. The mattress was comfortable, and the room was clean and well put together.The concierge/front desk/ and doorman were very nice (I don't know if it's because I am a girl, or this is how it is normally).Bathroom was well stocked with the necessities and they had thick towels. Kudos on the bathroom. The lavender walls would have given me trouble on the eyes after a few days, if I was there longer.Room is a bit sparse for my personal taste, but if you love hip, modern hotels with homeless people walking in front, this is the place for you.Around the corner, there is an indian restaurant that does GREAT indian food.......(To the left, down 2 blocks and left, halfway down the street from the hotel's entrance).  
<Date>Jan 21, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>it-bites
<Content>Loved It A bit late in posting this but had to respond to other comments! We travelled around California and finished our holiday at the Clift.I and my wife found the staff to be extremely helpful and friendly at all times,the rooms were comfortable and the bed fantastic!The Lobby design and atmosphere was excellent and the place was vibrant in the evenings.I wouldn't hesitate to return in the future...In fact I plan to  
<Date>Jan 11, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TaminatorSF
<Content>Okay downstairs, medicore room Overrated and overpriced hotel. Downstairs is okay with too dimly lighted decor and elevator (are they trying to be more European style or just saving energy or from dusting?) Once you get to the hotel floor, it is totally different-- unflattering bright light with grey walls.Room is clean but somewhat small, great bed, tiny TV (not flat screen), delicious room service food. Bathroom looks like it's done by designer while the room is some copy of any other 3-star hotel room... valet parking is so ridiculous expensive (45 bucks), might as well park half a block up or down for much less!)  
<Date>Jan 4, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	3	3	3	

<Author>djca
<Content>Total hype with bad service This is the worst hotel I have stayed in. I have enjoyed Schrager hotels in NYC and London, but the Clift SF completely fell short of my expectations. The lobby and interior was hip, but the staff needs training in hotel management and good manners. The staff provided nothing but bad service to the point that I cut my stay short. This hotel attracts an obnoxious 20-something crowd looking for a drama/nighmare scene. I love hip hotels, but in a city that has so many great hotels, do yourself a favor and stay someplace else.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2006
<Rating>1	3	2	4	3	1	1	2	

<Author>lex24
<Content>Another awesome stay My boyfriend and I checked into the Clift for a weekend getaway and we had a fantastic time! The staff was incredibly friendly and thoughtful (I had mentioned to the bellman that this was a romantic getaway for us and next thing I know it - a couple of hours later we find a bottle of Champagne with a very sweet card from him in our room!). We loved our room and the decor and the bed is probably one of the most comfortable I have slept in. We hung out in the bar which had a really nice vibe to it and while we did not eat in the restaurant, we could see from our vantage point in the bar that it was hopping. Overall, it was a great experience and while the decor in itself is amazing, it was the staff that truly made our stay. Highly recommend it for anyone that is looking for a fun and exciting place to stay.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>SW18
<Content>Overhyped The public rooms in the hotel are beautiful but the bedrooms and bathrooms clearly have not had the same attention. The decor appeared more the result of one of those TV makeover shows than that of the revered Phillippe Starke. The bathroom was clearly an afterthought on the design front. The room was way too small to have a bath, which should ahve been ripped out and replaced with a decent shower unit.........a true design feature would have been a small wet room with a screen dividing the shower from the basin and toilet. The front-of-house staff were all very helpful and friendly. However, the waiting staff in the bar and restaurant leave a lot top be desired and clearly were employed for looks rather than ability (as is often the case in these designer hotels).I even took the drastic step of not leaving a tip, so disgusted was I with the wait for drinks and the inability to get it right first time.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2006
<Rating>3	1	3	5	4	3	2	3	

<Author>luckylyndy
<Content>Funky but... The decor was cool. Very hip. The bar was awesome, and the staf f was very nice but... the reasonable rate rooms are very small. We could have lived with small, but the walls were very thin. We could hear everything in the next room. I mean everything. So- we asked to be moved thinking it was just that particular room. We had the same problem and the noice was even worse. So we had no choice but to upgrade. The room was much bigger, and we didn't hear anything next door (although we're not sure there was anyone next door). If you're looking for a romantic ,quiet ,hotel-- this is not it. Hip, fun,different-- sure this is the hotel.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Timskat
<Content>Loved the Clift I stayed at the Clift for the first time this past week for a business trip. The staff was fabulous -- everyone was friendly, helpful and very polished. In recent stays at some of the travel industry giants, the professionalism of the front desk staff, doormen, bellhops, etc. was quite poor, so this was very refreshing -- to use an analogy, it's akin to the marked the difference between the people behind the fast food counter at the airport and the people behind the desk in the Admiral's Club. The bar and restaurant are very nice, and they close the bar to external visitors on Wed nights, making it exclusive for hotel guests and their guests. This was nice, seeing as the prior three nights the bar had been packed -- while the scene was great those nights, it was nice to have it a bit more mellow too. The housekeeping was excellent -- my room was impeccable each time I returned. The doormen were great too -- as I was leaving the hotel, I realized I couldn't find my cellphone. Before I could even ask, one of them asked me what my phone number was so that they could help me find it. After I got home, I realized I'd forgotten to grab the copy of two fed ex airbills that I'd left with the concierge -- I called and he immediately offered to hunt down the info. He called back two minutes later with the tracking numbers and other info I needed. It was a refreshing change from the 20 min I usually spend on hold with customer service. It's the little courtesies like this that differentiate the great from the mediocre in my mind.. It's by far the most enjoyable business travel experience I've had this year. You can tell that this team takes a lot of pride in their work and really enjoys what they do for a living. I'd definitely stay there again the next time I'm in SF.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Gdawg5938
<Content>Excited about the Clift Our stay at this posh boutique hotel was wonderful. We were greeted by a very pleasant front desk clerk who was able to check us into the hotel at 10am. The lobby, with its expansive fireplace, was very warm and inviting. The hotel which is a stone鈥檚 throw away from Union Square, is conveniently located near shops, restaurants and pubs. However, the Redwood Room Lounge had a delightful ambiance as did their fine dining restaurant, Cuba d鈥橝sia. If only the Clift had their own boutiques, there would be no reason to venture beyond their front doors. To sum it up, I found the Clift hotel to be a treasure trove of hospitality.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Bizztraveler
<Content>Overrated The staff was fantastic, and the room was very modern and bright. However, it was over $51 per day for parking($45 plus tax), and I felt that I was getting gauged. I received a fax, and I was charged a dollar per page for INCOMING faxes. It was only a few pages, but I just felt that they were figuring out ways to suck as much money out of me as possible. Also, the water pressure in the shower was great. The only problem was that there was a flimsy shower curtain that just blew around during my shower - wrapping around my leg and also permitting about a gallon of water to be on the bathroom floor. There is also no ventilation system in the bathroom, so everything in the bathroom becomes damp. I doubt that I would stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>southamericantourist
<Content>Good on an expense account--otherwise not worth it I stayed at the Clift for 1 night this past April. It is similar to other hotels owned by this hotel group, with basic but tasteful furnishings, and an overall calm, zen feeling in the rooms. Even though the bathrrom was minimal (including a shower that was way too basic for the price of the room), I found the bed very comfortable and the night very relaxing. As it was a weekend night, the lobby was overrun a by loud, drunk, 20something crowd, most of whom were not hotel guests, and made getting in/out of the hotel a nightmare. In summary, the hotel is great if you want to party and are not paying for your own room, otherwise it is overpriced.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2006
<Rating>4	2	4	4	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>VickiInLivermore
<Content>Clift in SF - the best! If your travels take you to San Francisco you must stay at CLIFT! This hotel is so exclusive they don't even put the name on the outside. It's the 'who's who' and THE place to be seen in SF. We were treated like royalty from the first night. We did not have reservations in the famous Asia de Cuba restaurant (and heard you must make them weeks in advance), but they discreetly VIP'd us in anyway. The appetizers melt in your mouth and the dinner was to die for. Inside the Redwood Room (bar area), everybody is gorgeous - I swear the hotel must pay professional models to drink there. A sight to behold. The women are beautiful and the men, (ALL men older and younger) are handsome, flirtatious and classy. I enjoyed watching the pictures on the wall. The eyes move and a silent soap opera is going on-if you have time to watch. The rooms inside the hotel are very, very modern and the bed made me feel like I was on a cloud. The staff is very down to earth, very professional, and treated me like a VIP the entire time. CLIFT is so SF (is on the same street as the theatres and 1 blk from Union Square) you will miss out if you miss this gem in the city by the bay.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PaliGirl
<Content>Nice boutique hotel I liked this hotel and was happy there travelling with my family. We had two rooms and were moved and upgraded so we could have adjoining rooms at no extra charge, which was great. It is on the snobbier, hipper side of things, which was a bit much, but the bar scene was fun and it was nice not having to leave to go to a SF hotspot. I guess this hotel isn't for anyone, but we had a nice enough time. Extra note. Ditch the high priced room service and hit up the Starbucks across the street!Also, parking is WAY overpriced. There is another parking structure a few blocks away if you are horrified about spending $45!!! for valet a night!!!! That price makes the room rate less appealing!!!! The parking structure is still crazy (I guess Union Square parking is a nightmare) but it will still save you a bit...  
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	5	3	5	3	3	

<Author>Peaceman
<Content>Choose Another Hotel in San Francisco My wife and I stayed at this hotel in Mid-October 2006 on a trip with another couple. The rooms are painfully small and poorly organized. The bathrooms are so small there is no room to put your toiletries as you get ready. The $10 per day internet is fine, but there is no place readily available on or near the little desk (wedged in next to the bed) to plug in your computer.Worse even is the hotel staff. From the people at check-in who seemingly don't care, to the door man who is more interested in collecting his tips from the towncar drivers and taxi cab drivers then to even hold the door as you enter with luggage. My luggage arrived late from the airport and it was huge effort (imposition) for the staff to coordinate between the front desk and bell desk to get it. Frankly they should have delivered it directly to my room - as I tried to ask at the front desk - but again, they just don't care about you.My read is the hotel and it's staff is too interested in being hip than providing any service. I love hip hotels - try the Hotel Solara in San Diego or the Hotel Andra in Seattle for instance. But this hotel fails in every way. When you call from your room to the front desk, or to the concierge the line is BUSY. Why, I don't know - I eventually just called the hotel from an outside line to reach someone.Lastly, we checked out early - it was really that bad - and the hotel charged us a $50.00 cancellation fee. I think that shows you how you will be treated by this hotel. I won't stay there again and as one that puts a lot of credence in the TripAdvisor, I caution anyone else that might consider it. There are many great hotels in this city - I tried this one based in part on the positive TripAdvisor reviews. My mistake, don't make the same one! Anaheim, CA  
<Date>Oct 15, 2006
<Rating>2	1	1	3	3	1	1	1	

<Author>AustinMjo
<Content>If you like over priced rooms and snobby people the CLift is your hotel I had the honor of being in San Francisco and after sifting through innumerable hotel reviews decided to go for cool contemporary. I should have known better. I have stayed @ Schrager hotels in London, Miami and New York.I had forgotten exactly how clich茅d, tired, UN-service oriented and rude these hotels are. When we checked in we asked if we could get a room for our daughter who was driving in from Stanford. Even though the internet show plenty of rooms available that afternoon we were rudely informed there were no rooms. Not a chance. The front desk staff was uniformly obnoxiously. I constantly had the feeling I was interrupting a private conversation. Do they take a class on how to be that bored with the guests?The room was supposed to be a King Suite鈥?It was just an oversized room for an oversized price.The entire atmosphere was so bad, even though we had reservations for 4 days; we packed up in the morning and moved to the Omni for the remainder of the trip where we were actually greeted with smiles and good mornings!!!! EVERY time we entered the lobby!!! What a refreshing idea. By the 2nd day the staff greeted us by name as well. The crowning insult? When we checked out of the Clift the person behind the desk was so disinterested she couldn't be bothered to even ask why were leaving so soon when we had 3 more days on our reservation.There are so many great hotel choices in San Francisco don't waste your time or money at this hotel that is so 20th century.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	3	3	1	1	1	

<Author>MDS99
<Content>A Sassy, Luxe Indulgence Got a great deal on Priceline ($175/night). Great room (although looking onto alley with machinery), helpful staff, and trendy decor. Very luxe and decadent, and romantic. No complaints!  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>benjiwoody
<Content>All mouth, no trousers Just back from a week at the Clift. It's nice and central and the rooms are OK but it's way to big and generic to be the boutique experience it thinks it is.First impressions in the uber trendy reception are encouraging, but the styling stops as soon as you get in the lift. Rooms are boring and basic and the overall feeling is more holiday inn than cool.The bar, whilst achingly cool, is way too busy with local drinkers (most very drunk) to be much use or fun for guests. Indeed some members of out party were uprooted from their table for a non resident couple who had booked, this simply doesn't seem right.There needs to be a separate bar for residents - this works at the Sanderson.Whilst the rooms are average value, the hotel clearly aims to pump up income through hugely expensive extras. Breakfast is a rip off, room service and mini bar way too much to make sense (over walking across the road to the supermarket!). Even a movie costs $15!!Staff are aloof, but not rude.I am sure there are better, smaller, more intimate options in a city as great as SF.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bubblicious_elmo
<Content>Fun but ok The hotel was conveniently located and was very swanky. The rooms and hallways were a little worn out looking. The carpets were stained and the paint looked a little dingy. We had a double double room which was very large. I heard that the king bed rooms are tiny though. The lobby is very nice and it is definitely a scene in the evening. The house cleaning staff was excellent. They were very nice and prompt with our requests. The front desk people were seemingly nice, but with an air of pretentiousness that made me want to roll my eyes.not a warm hotel (except the house cleaning staff), i probably would rather stay somewhere else next time im in SF.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	2	5	2	

<Author>Shopgirl27
<Content>Chic  Stayed here for business, the rooms are adequate. It is definitely trying hard to be chic  modern. The bar, restaurant, gym, and business center are all excellent-- as is the room service. However, the rooms are a bit small and not as immaculate as I would have liked. However, I would definitely recommend this hotel-- very fun!  
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	4	4	

<Author>Stampy
<Content>Very impressed with the Clift We spent the last two nights of our month long USA honeymoon in the Clift, and were delighted with our decision to stay there. From arrival, we found all of the staff extremely friendly and helpful, from the door staff, to the receptionists to the bar staff. They were extremely welcoming, which isn't always the case in top end hotels, and were keen to share their enthusiasm about San Francisco.Our room was funky, and as with everyone else we thought that the bar was great.The concierge was extremely helpful, getting us a reservation at Michael Mina at short notice, and even letting them know that it was our honeymoon so that we got special treatment.Overall, it's the only hotel I'd stay in next time I vist SF  
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>apudme
<Content>Clift: Great Bar and Ground Floor, But Improve Service Focus! This is a funky Boutique Hotel aimed at a younger (or young at heart) audience which appreciates the contemporary vibe. I am a frequent traveller and have stayed in St. Martin's Lane, the sister hotel in London.I was really excited about my stay at the Clift, and got a deal via travelzoo, booking on the hotel website for $244/night. Regular rooms were as low as $175 including breakfast.GOOD POINTSGreat location two minutes walk from Union Square, and very helpful Concierge. Lovely reception area decor. Superb Redwoom Room bar. In my room sheets were superb quality, air conditioning worked brillianty and housekeeping was efficient (if noisy in the morning). Spacious deluxe room (333) had two beds and plenty of bathroom space, albeit a 1970s low-style flat backed tub.LESS GOOD POINTSFIRST Check in experience was poor; new trainee was trying very hard and was professional, but should have had closer more dedicated supervision from his manager, and she was not able to dedicate enough time to supporting him, this meant he was made to look incompetent, which must have been unsettling to him and not ideal for me the customer either (it took nearly ten minutes to check me in on a simple reservation).He told us our room category was overbooked, and we were being upgraded to a larger room on a high floor. Yippee we thought. Then I noticed we were being checked into a standard room; when I brought this to his attention we were found the paid for Deluxe Room, but on the very low third floor.SECOND, the mattress support slats under the bed in my room had fallen out meaning the mattress was unsupported and uneven; I understand these things happen and when I raised it with the front desk when I realised the next morning after a poor night's sleep it was dealt with BUT the response was simply we'll deal with it rather than demonstrating concern that I may have had an uncomfortable night's sleep. I must stress I was NOT looking for any compensation here. But more of an apology/concern should have been demonstrated by the front desk person at a five star hotel. Maybe this is a cultural thing, but sorry goes a long way.This was a minor insignificant issue for me, but other may not have had the energy to check what the problem with the bed was (the mattress was heavy to lift up!) and a verbal apology should accompany any complaint.THIRD Housekeeping started asking if rooms were free at 0830am by knocking and announcing housekeeping loudly - surely a more efficient system could be established to avoid waking your many international guests who are on a different tmie zone, and a clearer encouragement to guests to use the Privacy Please door guards to avoid this unwanted noise?FOURTH noise from the street. This is an urban location, and frankly those who complain need to get over it. By the time the traffic gets going you should be out there enjoying the sights!FINALLY, my rate booked on the Morgans site included breakfast but this was not noted in my reservation and I only received this paid for benefit by having the foresight to print out the reservation at the time of booking and was made to present this to the frontdesk. Your reservation system needs to ensure all special offer benefits are noted in detail in the reservation. Same thing happened when I stayed in St Martins Lane so this is a systemic problem.I stay about 50 hotel nights a year for business and pleasure, and had a superb stay at St Martin's Lane earlier in the year, but my experience at the Clift was mixed, which was a disappointment, and most of these problems noted above are soft people skill or process change issues which should easily be fixed with management attention.I tried submitting this via the email link I was sent after my stay, but once I had filled out all the data, the site crashed when I submitted it - a great idea but again you need to follow up on the detail.I expect high standards from such a five star hotel, and my review is therefore somewhat picky, but I hope fair given the prices some people pay for rooms here.VERDICT: What would have been an awesome stay was made less so by poor management of trainees, a lack of empathy from the front desk, noisy housekeeping and problems with ensuring guest entitlements are captured when making the reservation online.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	5	5	2	3	5	

<Author>markfranks
<Content>Needs to focus on the basics       Bedside table  
<Date>Sep 2, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TomDulwich
<Content>Good Hotel This is a very good hotel. The location is excellent, though valet parking ($48) is far too expensive. The rooms are very nice, but the room our kids stayed in was much nicer than ours! The foyer of the hotel is interesting but too dark, chilly and windy, even in August. However, the bar and restaurant are highlights. Breakfast is terrific, open til 11.30 and far better than in other hotels in this chain. I had no complaints to make about snooty staff.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Travels
<Content>Fantastic hotel We stayed here for the last few days of our honeymoon and really enjoyed it! Had a studio suite and it was a great size, the bathroom was massive so I think it may be pot luck what size the bathrooms are in the room. It's a really cool hotel, and we found everyone really helpful, receptionists, doormen, etc, and had no issues. It was definitely the coolest hotel we've stayed in, the burgers from room service are great! And a great location. We really enjoyed it here :)  
<Date>Aug 8, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CA_Traveler_427
<Content>Most disappointing SF hotel stay ever NEVER in my life have I been so disappointed as with the Clift Hotel this weekend. I live in CA and travel to San Francisco frequently--at least 6 to 8 weekends a year. I have stayed in many of the three and four star hotels in the Union Square area. To say that the staff was inattentive was an understatement. The doorman often ignored persons trying to enter the hotel. The front desk clerk completely ignored a reservation that GUARANTEED a king size sleigh bed. The staff ignored the privacy please sign on the door. Clearly dressed for a special occasion, we were seated at a table in the restaurant that was half in the restaurant, half in the bar -- the music was so loud we could hardly hear ourselves think, much less talk.The room was modern -- CHEAP modern that tries to pass itself off as being cool but fails miserably. The lighting in the bathroom was so flourescent and the tile choice so awful (sickly white 12 tiles) that both of us remarked that we felt that if we stayed in the shower too long, we would require institutionalization, as the awfulness of it would make us crazy. Not only that, but the floor wasn't particularly clean and the tub caulking clearly needed redoing. It was terrible.If you are looking for a hotel with an ok web site but horrible service, disappointing rooms and inattentive staff, stay at the CLIFT. Otherwise, keep looking. There are SO many options in the Union Square area, there's no reason to settle for such disappointment, especially for this price.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	1	

<Author>NYIB
<Content>shame the hotel wasnt as good as the restaurant! we arrived at the clift late afternoon to find we had to struggle in with our own luggage (3 bags!) the reception staff were very unhelpful and uninterested. we eventually managed to get everything sorted and were shown up to our room on the 9th floor. the room was a 'junior suite' and they tried to make out we had a separate living room by putting a curtain inbetween the bedroom and the living room!! the bathroom was tiny and dirty. i stayed here with my mum and unfortunatley on the first night she didnt feel well and had been suffering from a bad foot. she decided to phone down to reception to ask if there was a doctor that would come to the hotel only to be told ther wasnt one local however the receptionist 'put her through' to the closest one and she was told to phone someone else. we eventually decided to go to the hospital just to be safe. when we came back from the hospital that evening the doormen were talking to some girls outside and we had to let ourselves in! The following night we ate in the hotel restaurant aisa de cuba which was fantastic! i think the hotel only show intrest in the restaurant and bar. at the end of the day we were only sleeping there so we ignored it but i wouldnt stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	1	3	1	2	2	

<Author>back/from/italy
<Content>a great place, close to action, unique for the right price The Clift is a treasure of San Francisco's past. We had a great price for only $175 and it was worth it at that price. The rooms are small, especially the bathrooms. The room was spotlessclean and the linens so refreshing compared to other hotels.White linens. We stayed on the inside part of the hotel so there was no noise. The lobby/bar area is happening at night and seems to be a under 40 group. Our rate of 175 included breakfast which was so fresh and the atmosphere was wonderful. No ice machines, you must ask it by room service.Check their website and maybe you can get a great deal.I would not pay $300 for the experience. Have fun and enjoy SF.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>a1nyc
<Content>Stay somewhere else... The bar and lobby were great and so were the staff, however the rooms were small, walls extremely thin and it's not what you'd expect for an upscale hotel. I've stayed at Morgans properties before and The Clift doesn't compare to The Shore Club or any others. Next time I visit I'll definitely stay somewhere else!  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Service needs improvement We recently stayed at the Clift Hotel for 6 nights. Everything was quite plesant with the exception of a couple of receptionists (We had problems with them from check in till check out) and the door man on Saturday evening. Seems like the female staff were much more professional and helpful compared to the male staff.Everything seems like such an effort with a few (male) receptionists. When we requested for a queen size bed, he made us fell like he was doing us a huge favor. Even if he really did, perhaps it is not necessary to make it known to the customers. The receptionist (male again) was also very unhelpful with my requests for transfer to the airport upon checking out. I ended up making my own arrangements. From my experience, a hotel of this calibre should have more professional and helpful staff to assist customers. Returning to the hotel around midnight on Saturday was rather unplesant too. The doorman was impolite; behaving more like a typical door -----; which is what I do not appreciate from a hotel.Overall, the hard ware is great but the soft ware needs much fine tuning!  
<Date>Jul 4, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>marshalex
<Content>Fun, funky and a great location! I loved the funky and up market style of the hotel. The location is great too! The ooms are cleverly done, so that they are small small but still do not feel stifling!A good hotel  
<Date>Jun 17, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>RiotPelaaja
<Content>Very nice       Working away  
<Date>May 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>CheshireCat1471
<Content>We really liked it Firts let me start by saying I'm extremely fussy when it comes to hotels and service and for the most part I certanily wasn't disappointed.From previous reviews, which had commented on the bad service etc I was slightly dubious checking in. However, I have to say they were one of the most pleaseant and helpful hotel I think I've been to. We started a 3 week holiday in San Fran, and stayed 2 nights in the Clift but at separate times, staying elsewhere in between.The staff remebered us from when we had first checked in and asked us about our trip etc, which I thought quite a nice touch as it made you feel slightly special they'd bothered.The reception and common areas are very sultry and we did have bets what colour lift would trun up!The rooms are what I would consider value for money 拢130 ish per night. I didn't notice any noise from either side but that may have been because the hotel wasn't full.My only slights on this hotel would, yes the bathroom is very small, however, it was much larger in our second room, we were upgraded. And I know the Red Room is fabulous, but is a tad expensive and I wasn't particularly impressed with the menu for Asia de Cuba either. Lastly it is in a bit of a rough area, but then again I thought San Fran rough on the whole and didn't feel safe there.Overall we really enjoyed it and the staff comtributed to that as nothing was too much trouble.Would I recommend it, yes, but having seen the location I think I would probably go for the St Gregory.  
<Date>May 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>london100
<Content>Don't bother staying here - overrated, overpriced  Stayed at The Clift for 3nights in May06 and 3nights was long enough!When we arrived at our room we were v. disappointed. It was v minimalist to the extreme (2 tiny drawers for clothes), furniture looked cheap (sort of stuff get in ikea), room was v small and bathroom was ridiculously small.In addition, the room was incredibly noisy - road traffic noise  walls paper thin - could hear every word of conversation from people next door. Although bed was comfy, don't expect to have a good night's sleep here unless you're a very heavy sleeper! Overall, overrated and overpriced and we would definitely not stay at The Clift again.  
<Date>May 13, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BaliDreamer
<Content>A little bit of luxury         
<Date>May 12, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DJMe
<Content>Euro Chic in the US I recently stayed here on a visit to San Francisco and must say that it is one of the best hotels I have ever stayed in.The room was huge and clean, with great views of the city. The service was friendly and informal without ever slipping from a very high standard. The design and ambience of the hotel is superb also, with the slick Redwood Room Bar and the Asia de Cuba Restaurant stunning. The hotel is nice and quiet, but the bar is buzzing in the evenings and is one of THE places to go drinkning in the city. Very handy if you're sleeping upstairs. Overall I cannot fault the hotel at all and would definitely recommend staying there to anybody.  
<Date>May 9, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bb24aka
<Content>Great location, very modern The appeal of modern amenities, an Asia de Cuba, the famous Redwood Room bar was my reason for choosing this hotel. If you like hip and modern, this is the hotel for you. It wouldn't hurt for them to offer a little more value for your money, though.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2006
<Rating>4	2	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Lark47
<Content>Completely Overrated I thought this hotel was completely overrated and uncomfortable at best. I've visited SF many times and I usually stay at Hotel Monaco, right across the street from the Clift. Unfortunately for me this time around they did not have an availability so I decided to give the Clift a try. I only stayed a couple of nights but I couldn't wait to get out of there. The room is so sparce and minimalist in design that it was uncomfortable. I couldn't figure out how to operate the lights, the walls seem paper thin because I could here any movement or talk happening in the hallway and an ear-piercing alarm went off in the middle of the night and wasn't turned off for 30 minutes at least. But let's get back to the furnishing; I truly was not impressed. It didn't even look good. Plastic cubes that looked like they came right out of Ikea served as nightstands. While I appreciated the spacious bathroom, the rack to hold items was a mile away from the sink, and with only 1 floor mat on a very large marble floor, I literally had to slide the mat everytime I stepped so I didn't have to step on the icy cold tile. The the hotel upholds it's swanky reputation with the lounge but I was so turned off and uncomfortable there that I tried to spend every moment posbbile away from it. Everytime I stepped outside I looked at the Hotel Monaco longingly. My recommendation: stay at the Hotel Monaco for a truly comfortable and relaxing time and perhaps visit the Clift for a night at the lounge for drinks.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2006
<Rating>3	1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not what I was hoping....... I stayed at the Clift for five nights. This has been my fifth Ian Schrager hotel and I have to say my least favorite. Yet, all in all, it was still pretty good. The service at the desk was very attentive and not at all snobby. I had a corner room which was considerably quieter than I understand the other rooms to be. There were cigarette burns on the carpet and a big very noticeable burn on the bedside table. I don't understand why they didn't at least replace the table. The cleaning women clearly worked very hard but I spilled conditioner on the bathroom floor the first night and the remnant stain was never wiped up. It became a spectator sport each afternoon to see if the floor would actually ever get wiped clean. It never did. The one thing that I found inconsistent with other Ian Schrager hotels was the doormen. In five days of coming and going, the door was only held open for us twice. They seemed completely inept at working the door of a city hotel. The subleties of coolness and attention to detail are lost on them. I fear that this chain has just stopped trying. The rooms aren't as 'shiny and new' and the staff don't seem as compelled to excell. I hope I am wrong.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Place to Visit, But... Probably one of the most overrated hotels I've ever stayed in -- the Clift makes a great E! Network backdrop but is overpriced, impractical, and thinks it's way cooler than it is.I've never felt insulted and ignored in a restaurant while ordering a $40 breakfast before, but there's a first time for everything, and the Clift's Asia de Cuba definitely delivered on the you're not cool enough to be here theme. The guest room looks like something out of architectural digest -- great in pictures, but not so great for real human beings. If your idea of fun is trying to figure out how to work the lights in your room, or guess where the hair dryer is, the Clift is for you -- design definitely trumps usability in this hotel.This isn't to say The Clift doesn't have anything going for it; the bar is swanky and entertaining, and I've eaten at the Asia de Cuba at the Mondrian in LA, and the food there was good. But the Clift is one of those hotels that makes a better side trip than a principal destination. My advice: stay at the Hotel Monaco next door, and journey over to the Clift one night for drinks. The Monaco offers complimentary wine and cheese, massages, ethernet, and workout room, and its restaurant is a lot more down to earth. The Clift offers complimentary attitude, and charges you a premium for the privilege.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>3	1	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Moved my group of 5 to the Clift from the W Hotel. I called the Clift and spoke to a manager about relocating my small group to the Clift. She was fun to talk to and she did an excellent job of selling me on why I should stay there. I moved the group and my guest were pleased. They assited me in getting the group into the bar on a busy night and the bar management was all over the group as if we were VIP's. The W does a good job but the Clift went above and beyond for me. I'll stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>travelbee4
<Content>Our favorite for a night on the town We try to go in to the City from our home in the 'burbs on a regular basis for a bit of culture and good food. We splurge and spend the night at the Clift afterwards (which also allows us to have wine with dinner). We've stayed here with our teenagers on several occasions, and we all agree that it is a fabulous, fun place. The beds are wonderfully comfortable, the price is reasonable, and the location is excellent for SF theaters, jazz clubs and shopping. We all love the decor and the kids relish the opportunity to get into the Redwood Room, skipping the line at the door as a hotel guest. We've had nothing but great service here (including an offer to track down tickets to a sold out show). I can't wait for our next visit!  
<Date>Mar 3, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Cliff Internet The internet connection at the CLIFT is FANTASTIC! Normally, when I logon to my network at my office in Boston, it takes about 陆 minute or so for the authentication. On the network at CLIFT, I enter my password, press enter, and BAM !! I am on instantly.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing Experience I absolutely loved the Clift. I spent my 2nd wedding anniversary there and the experience was just delightful. I had mentioned when I booked my reservation that it was a special occasion and all I can say is WOW! The hotel is just magic. I had never been to the Clift but after reading what a few people had posted onthe site I thought I would give it a chance.....I would recommend. My next visit I will defintely stay at the Clift.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kristin126
<Content>You should stay here !! I love this hotel. The rates are absolutely reasonable for the San Francisco area, and the hotel is top notch. The staff are very attentive and helpful - the concierge directed me to a fantastic pizza place in North Beach, and everyone from the bellmen to housekeepers do an excellent job. Managament is also present, though unobtrusive, and the place runs like a finely tuned machine. I have NEVER had a bad experience here ... and the food at Asia de Cuba is the best ! Definitely check it out, or the bar next door, the Redwood Room. This is the only hotel I stay at in San Francisco, ever.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>home away from home I stay in San Francisco about four times a year for a week or more each time and the staff at The Clift has made me feel welcome time and time again! I originally picked this hotel based on the Ian Schreager reputation, but have since discarded that for just the sheer fact that this hotel has the best beds and bedding i've ever slept on! Also-the rooms have beautiful daylight and in the evening, the low-lite rooms are very soothing and calming. The hotel staff has always taken care of me and any associates i've traveled with. They's been very curtious, helpful and very promt! The only thing missing is the great Nakamichi stereos that used to be in the rooms. Bring those back and I may move in permanatly!  
<Date>Feb 24, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>LOVE this place ! so much ! I cannot overstate how great this hotel is. Ignore all those bad reviews - I think those people either had a bad day or were a little rude themselves. If you go in here, smile and have fun with the staff, it will be youru best hotel experience ever !!! (Some of those other reviews are old, too, and I can say from personal experience that new managers have made this place SHINE !! It just keeps getting better ...) The rooms are so beautiful, with the most sumptuous king sized beds and fabulous sheets. Something like a million thread count ! You will get into that huge comfy bed and not want to get back out. So order room service - the food is awesome (a little pricey, like ALL room service, but so worth it ! Live it up a little !) and stay IN ! The last time I was here with my girlfriend, it rained all day and we didn't even care. We went to a great little Thai place right across the street and ate in and watched movies and just enjoyed the wonderful room !!!Super clean, a great location, beautiful lobby and restaurant - this one of the best hotels I have ever stayed at, and the only one I even think about in SF.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Modern Design heaven !!! My girlfriend and I stayed at this hotel because I am a fan of modern furniture designer Phillipe Starck. We came to see the rooms and the interiors, and we keep coming back for the outstanding service, fantastic rooms and amazing cuisine at the restaurant ! If you stay here (and you should) you definitely should try Asia de Cuba - I had the best meal of my life there on New Year's Eve !! The location is also excellent - right near the theaters and Union Square. But best of all, they really take care of us and make sure we have a great stay every time.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Escape to an exciting hotel! My partner and I stayed at the CLIFT this past weekend and would definitely recommend the CLIFT to anyone looking to escape their normal life and enter an exciting hotel with buzzing public spaces. The bar atmostspire kept us drinking until 1:30am and we only drink wine at dinner when staying at the Four Season or Ritz-Carlton. They just don't have the bar scene that the CLIFT does. We enjoyed the rooms and found the housekeeping staff to be extremely friendly. They say hello to everyone that walks by. The staff at the hotel appeared to be having a lot of fun with each other which enhanced our moods from the minute we walked into the hotel. BOTTOM LINE: GREAT HOTEL, ENJOY THE BAR AND ESCAPE FROM LIFE!  
<Date>Feb 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Repeat guest and loving it! We visit this hotel almost every month because we are addicted to the San Francisco atmosphere. We have tried out other high-end hotels such as the Fairmont and the Westin, but nothing compares to the ambiance, service, cool-factor and experience that the Clift offers, you really feel what it's like to be in the city.The staff (from what we have noticed) is a revolving crew, in the 2 years we have been going, we have developed a first name relationship with half of the staff because the same young me and women are always there, and when we arrive to check in, they will upgrade our rooms just because we are so loyal at no extra charge! When i arrived with my arms full of roses without a vase, the valet called and had a vase waiting for me at my room by the time we put our bags down! And lastly, THE DECOR! wow, if you want to be impressed, the hip-underground music that is thumped in their famous RedWood Room bar and lounge is enough to get your blood pulsing! The furniture is an eclectic collection of one of a kind artist originals and luxury. All of your senses are delighted, the contrast of a stark white bathroom in the middle of an almost pitch black hallway, red purple and green illuminated elevators, incense gently floating along the corridors of the many elaborately decorated avenues in the hotel. The Bedrooms have every amenity needed to make you feel like you are a visiting rock star for a weekend...and if you stay there, i guarantee you will want to party like one!  
<Date>Feb 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>rinkytink
<Content>Nice, but not worth the money Chose the hotel because of the central location, and wanted a nice place to base ourselves for a tour of SF. Were a few homeless around giving hassle, but just ignore them and they went (eventually), so not too much trouble. The room itself was nice, but very small, have stayed at a Schrager hotel (Sanderson) in London, and it was much much nicer. Also ate in the restaurant which was also overpriced and food seemed to be much worse than the Asia de Cuba in NY. Bar was cool though. It was a stop off on a road trip through USA, and was generally worse than hotels less than half the price.Very difficult to find from the street (never saw the hotel name anywhere on the exterior), so make sure you get a good map if you're driving there!  
<Date>Jan 30, 2006
<Rating>3	1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel, annoying part of town My g/f and I stayed here a couple weeks ago...the hotel itself was cool, nice staff, etc. (granted, parking was $60 for one night) But, what most reviews do not tell you (and what I wish I would have known prior to my trip) is that the neighborhood is flourished with very annoying homeless people. I live in Manhattan...where there is a fair share of them....but, I was surprised at, not only the number of homeless, but the fact that EVERY one of them would get in your face begging for something. This really put a damper on our SF experience. I would recommend staying somewhere else, unless you enjoy being surrounded by large crowds of tourists, complimented by a homeless man screaming in your ear.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2006
<Rating>3	2	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A hotel that is not worth the money Stayed at the clift for one night as part of my honeymoon trip . The hotel麓s lobby its ok Philip Stark style ....contemporary,modern etc. I stayed in one of their most expensive rooms , a Loft Suite (350 per night plus taxes )and was totally dissapointed by the bathroom facilities. A cheap courtain , a small tube are not worth the money paid. Besides this , the TV in the room is ultrasmall ridiculously small relative to the size of the room. The front desk offered a complimentary bottle of champagne that never arrived (i dont drink alcohol so that was not a problem). Bottom Line : Not worth the money they charge you there are 50 better places to stay in Sfco. (I am writing this comment regreting not having considered the negative comments i read on Trip advisor about this hotel when i made the reservation ...all were true)  
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>blueyedtravler
<Content>Unusual, more of a club than a hotel I have never been staying at a hotel where i had to show my room key to get in on the weekened becaseu it was so full of people wanting ot go to the bar until we stayed here.Also thought it was stuck up there was no signage. We drove around for 15 mins looking for it. I finally went in becuase it looked like an upscale bar. Wait there is a sign - that you can only see the the roof of antoher building! The carpet in the halls was water stained. When we walked inot our room we were like uh....we are changing hotels. The orange plastic table was a bit...surprising. The sink was very...phallic. The bathroom was ok but not great by any means. The sitting area could be completely curtained off like a genie in a bottle. We had no view. After the first day, we parked in a garage not even 1/2 block away - they rip you off for parking. But we grew to like our little strange hotel room. It was quite the different experience.BUT the staff was amazing. Very good concierge service. Actually amazing concierge service. Espcially Phillipe. DEFINATELY ask to be booked on the Del Dotto winery tour. They take you into the caves, it's very fun!!If you want to stay at an unusal, small, boutique, clubbish hotel, this is for you. They even start playing dance or whatever music in the elevators after a certain hour. Definately don't stay here if you want posh, quiet luxury.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Unusual Decor Our room was at the 13th floor. The city views were great...decor was strange like a teenager's room...I'm not sure why hotels put rooms next to service elevators...it ruined the whole experience. Shower tub was dirty. Staff was nice.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lizzy217
<Content>Great Design Stayed over the holiday weekend with by BF, no too full or noisy. Good sized king room on the 8th floor, although the bathroom was quite small for a $300 room. The Staff was attentive and tried to accomodate our needs. Check-out time is 1pm, which was great for my throbbing headache. Beautiful common areas, Asia de Cuba serves an amazing breakfast. FYI- If you are in SF on a weekend do try SupperClub on 3rd and Harrsion, Great place for dinner, drinks and dancing.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Clift is Awesome! Wow! My husband and I spent the weekend at Clift to celebrate our 10th wedding anniversary and we had the most fabulous time there! We had heard many good things about this hotel and now we are singing Clift's praises as well--our room was wondeful, the bed was literally the most comfortable bed either of us have ever stayed on! Every staff member we encountered had GREAT customer service, including the maid service. The concierge staff has been right on with all their suggestions. We couldn't have asked for a more perfect weekend in San Francisco, or for a better 10th wedding anniversary anywhere. We will definitely be recommending Clift to our friends--and hopefully staying there for future anniversaries.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Most Expensive Phone Calls The room was cute, loved Asia de Cuba but the service was terrible. They were rude and short to the customers, and I wasn't the only person saying so. And, I came here for a meeting, made a couple of phone calls within California, it ended up costing me about $12 every 3 minutes. I made 6 quick phone calls and it costed me $180! I was so appalled, I'm not even sure the company will pay for such a silly expense. This place is definitely not business-friendly.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2005
<Rating>2	1	4	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Clift Is For Only Young People It might be very interesting hotel if you are under 35 years old. It is a modern minimalist style with dark lighting at the lobby and hall way and lots of young people gethered at Asia de Cuba restaurant and bars. It is IN place at night but very laud. Rooms are clean but they did not spend money for the furnitures. I stayed in Junior suite and was not impressed at all. Bathroom is very small and plain. I think it was mistake for me to choose this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>asdgjkdhjk
<Content>Great Hotel This is the 3rd Hotel in the Morgans Group(formerly Ian Shrager)I've stayed in. I've stayed in the Mondrian in LA and the Hudson in New York. I'm also really familar with the St Martin's Lane and the Sanderson in London - so I kind of knew what to expect.I was pleasantly surpised - this hotel, although still very funky - is a lot cosier than the other hotels in the Group. The Lobby, Bar and Restaurant (Asia de Cuba) are relatively small and panelled in dark California Redwood with a large open fireplace by reception. The overall effect is less intimitading than the other design hotels I've stayed in.The room was a decent size with a closet, smallish tv, dvd player and cd player. The bathroom is small but comfortable. The room is decorated in cream and pale lilac with accents of tangerine.The bar is very crowded but this is to be expected as its one of the places to hang-out in San Francisco.Something I appreciated were the free well equiped Gym and Business Center. Its really great to be able to use the internet without having to pay extortianate hotel fees.If you're worried about noise ask for one of the internal rooms. If you're worried about it being 'pretentious' then don't stay in a cool boutique hotel and choose one of the numerous chain hotels in San Francisco.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great designer hotel**** I loved that hotel. It's a great city designer hotel. I love good surprises and this hotel was a very good one .... the lobby is so cosy with a fireplace, next stepp were the elevators: green, violet or red mirrors ... everything is very special and bright. the rooms are so friendly even though the bathroom is small it's still very comfy. And there is no ikea furniture as a user wrote, it's Philippe starck!!!The bar (made of redwood) seems to be THE place to be in San Francisco so it is very crowded, but it's great. We didn't have dinner at the Asia de Cuba restaurant, but it looked perfect. The more you look at the details of this hotel the more you will love it. everything is so special.Staff is friendly too and they look good!! It's not the kind of staff and service you'll have in a classic 4-5 star hotel like ritz, this is a new generation hotel. Oh yes and the room rate is not expensive at all!! for what you get. we had very bad and old furnished hotels on our california tour which cost a lot more!Right next door you have the Grand Caf茅 (restaurant / brasserie) which serve excellent seafood and wine .... To end this review: if you like design, fashion, perfect location... this is the hotel for you...  
<Date>Oct 18, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>suntrvlr
<Content>Overall a nice a hotel Ok, I have mixed feelings about The Clift...first of all it's not well marked from the street and as a vistor in SFO, trying to navigate the streets you fly right past it...but after you walk through the cool lobby with its dark wood and bar area, you will either say Wow this is cool or Oh no, this is not for me...I loved the ambiance of the clift....The beds were great, my room was nice/spacious(both rooms), the gym is small, the front desk is forgetful and the doormen are well...nice to look at! Anyway, I went out to SFO early, spending the weekend before a conference doing the 17 mile drive and Napa day trips. Because of my day trips I arrived late to the hotel, after 9pm. With this in mind I called the hotel to let them know to hold my non smoking king room...I will be checking in late. Of course when I got to the hotel on my first night, I was given the key to a double bed, smoking room. I was upset but jet lagged and tired so, with promises that they will change my room tomorrow, I went to bed. We were visting Napa and leaving early the next morning so I called to inquire about the move and they told me to pack and they would move me...and when I got in that night just stop by the desk and pick up my new room key. Well you know what happened...when I got in from Napa, I met blank stares at the front desk about my move. After about 10 mins a decision was made to upgrade me to a suite...Hey that suited me just fine...There was really no other decision they could make after 2 mistakes. The location is Great, the drinks are great, the atmosphere is cool if not a little snobby but smile and they will smile with you. If you want to stay at a happening, sophisticated place then the Clift is for you. One last thing, have breakfast at Max's 1 block down. Great food!  
<Date>Oct 1, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>You Got To Be Kidding !!! I knew i was in for trouble when I discovered that the hotel had no signage to identify itself (pretentious , not cool). The room was a decent size (we had a deluxe) although the bathroom was a joke (I have never seen a smaller one in a hotel)The IKEA plexiglass orange furniture, small TV, lack of drawers and hard bed didnt help. If you are there on the weekend be prepared for even more noise (allot of traffic noise even on the 8th fl.)than usual.The $51.65 for parking (they charge tax on parking) was insulting enough but it took 1/2 hr to get our car on a Sunday morning.The lobby, bar and restaraunt are all unique but dont come close to making it worth it.If you are young (under 30) and painfully hip this may be the place for you otherwise go elsewhere.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great room service my boyfriend and i spent a week at the clift and could not fault a single thing. the staff were very friendly and helpful, the room service was so good that we hardly bothered going out to eat and the bed was huge and one of the most comfortable i have ever slept in. we had a room overlooking the street but had no problems with noise. i always like to try different hotels but if we returned to san francisco i would not hesitate in staying at the clift again.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay at the Clift? I don't think so We stayed for a few nights after a disastrous time down the road at the Adagio. We were greeted by a receptionist who just wasn't really interested. We stayed on the 4th floor with the Guiness Book of Records smallest bathroom but once you got over that the room was nice enough. We went to bed that night and had the worst nights sleep. The noise was unbelivable! from other guests and security knocking on doors. It seems no sooner had we drifted off then the prompt 'Room Service' started. We thought that becuase this was a Saturday night it was going to be a one off but unfortunately this appeared to be the way things were throughout our stay.In addition the redwood bar requires reservations if you would like to sit down in it. We didn't have one as paying guests were offered to sit outside the bar in the reception area with the draft from the front door as company. Come on!  
<Date>Sep 19, 2005
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Ptuey
<Content>Wonderful if you get a deal and use some helpful hints I was very pleased with my experience at the Clift, although I am glad I read this website before getting there. The room was pleasant and clean. The bed and linens were so comfortable. And the staff was extremely pleasant and helpful.Firstly, my husband and I arrived at the hotel at 9:30 in the morning, and they let us check in early (no added fee). Our bellman chatted with us the entire way up about cool places to go and see while in town. And when we wanted directions to drive to Muir Woods, they already had them printed out and found them for us very quickly. For people who were dissatisfied with their visit, I think you have to know what you are getting into. This is a hip, trendy spot that caters to people who fancy themselves as hip and trendy. This is NOT a family oriented place where you spend the afternoon with your kids hanging out by the pool.That being said, the picetag for this hotel is slightly excessive... we got a deal through orbitz where our room ended up costing about $150/night for a 3 night stay (fri to mon), and I would have been annoyed if we had paid full price for the stay. Also, the bahroom is small, but as my husband and I are pretty thin and short, so it didn't bother us at all.Some helpful tips:1. Ask for an interior or courtyard room. We did, and they were happy to oblige us with one on the 4th floor... we heard NO traffic noise.2. Don't park here if you can help it... it is overpriced! We rode the BART into town and walked the few blocks to the hotel, then rented a car only for the day we needed it at Enterprise at the Nikko Hotel (about 3 short blocks away) for $25/day and returned it the same day so we didn't need to pay for parking. Alternatively, there is a lot 1/2 a block down the street on Taylor where they'll park your car for $18 overnight.3. The hotel restaurant is also overpriced... skip it and try Scala's Bistro at the Sir Francis Drake hotel on Powell. The meals at Scala's excellent in quality. The portion size is perfect (NOT huge so there is room for dessert). 4. Place the Do Not Disturb tag on your doorknob if you want to sleep in. The cleaning crew are serious about their business and came around at 8am to check the room, and again at 9am to see if we were gone so that they could clean the room.5. $10 for ethernet connection?!??!?!? You can walk to union square and use the free wi-fi while sitting outside and enjoying the park.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved the experience Definitely will stay at this hotel again next time. A bit pricy but worth it.. Staffs were helpful and kind. Beautiful room. Nice location.. Make sure you have breakfast at Taylor street coffee shop a block down the taylor street.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not a 4 star We just got back from a 4 night stay at the Clift in a one bedroom suite. We had quite a few problems at the hotel. It started with the condition of the room, there were stains on the furniture, stains on the floor, paint chipped off the doorways and walls (the room looked beat up.) The whole hotel was beat up, it needed a lot of repairrs, everywhere you looked there was a stain. or paint missing or a dent, there was something wrong everywhere. The room was large but the furniture was extremely uncomfortable. The bathroom was the tiniest thing I've ever seen at a hotel. It was 1/2 the size of my powder bath at home. I read one persons review which stated that the Clift had the most comfortable bed they had ever slept on, and that influenced my decision on where to stay, let me tell you, the beds were the hardest!!!!! beds I've ever slept on in my life, one night I slept on the floor they were so bad. My husband and I did not get one goods night sleep there. OUr backs hurt for several days because of the awful beds. I told the receptionist upon check out about the horrible beds and she said she gets that complain a lot!!!! Luckily, we did not stay too long in the room because the decor was horrible, too much orange plexiglass(the coffee table, the dining table, the nightstands,  parts of the furniture were painted orange.)Also the Concierge(s) were the most unhelpful people ever. We were traveling with 2 small children and asked him which amusement park would be better for our young kids (Paramount or Great Adventure.) He said defitantely Great adventure. He called the park and told us they were closed that day. On our way to do something else, I told my husband I know the park is open b/c I researched it before we left so we called and Yes, the park was open, so we went and they had a couple of rides for the kids. 2 days later we decided to take them to Paramount, and wow this park was incredible for our aged kids, they could go on almost every ride by themselves, and this is the park the concierge did NOT recommend. Also, the Clift claims to be a kid friendly hotel, they do not have children's menus, we did not get popcorn and a toy the first night of arrival (as promised) and their stroller situation is a joke. They claim they rent strollers. Well, we tried to rent one and they had no idea what we were talking about, finally someone in housekeeping called us and said they have 1, don't know where it is, but will try to find out. About 1 1/2 hours later they called to tell us they found it but it had a flat. They eventually fixed it and I told them we needed 2 strollers and they said we only have 1 stroller to rent. Also, the concierge(s) had 3 places to recommend for dinner with kids, and every night they could not get us into the place the reommended!I was very disappointed with the hotel, it was just not upkept well and the furniture was the worst!!! I would never stay at the Clift again.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AFPNewYork_NY
<Content>Poor Service, small dimly lit rooms Definitely not worth the money. This hotel is far from luxury class. The bathrooms are poorly designed in relation to the bedroom and very tiny. Our room was not made up inbetween nights. Overall, I found the rooms uncomfortable.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Somewhat Dissapointed For the price, I have to say that this place is average. The dimly lit entrance way, bar and restaurant area set a very relaxed, sexy atmpsphere and perhaps if that vibe was carried up to the actual floors of the hotel then it would work better but after the elevators open to your floor your eyes are surprised to see lilac hallways with white trim (reminded me of a dollhouse)- I never thought I'd be one to care about these things much but it just doesn't go and the color is just ugly. Also, noise travels throught the rooms. My room looked identical to the person before me who posted the pics - small for the price and bed wasn't that comfy. I have to say though, I thought the staff was very nice and overly accomodating. Also in a good area - accessible to everything. I probably won't go back because it is expensive for what it is but would def stop in for a drink at the Redwood Bar - very cool hotel (downstairs that is).  
<Date>Aug 29, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>August_B
<Content>Like the others have said...               
<Date>Aug 24, 2005
<Rating>3	1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel - Classy People The room is immaculate. Crisp, white bed linen.The staff make the hotel!!!They are always well presented (and all of them are extremely attractive), very polite and very helpful.Will be back soonbtw - the crowd at the bar is very classy, be prepared to meet some very interesting people  
<Date>Aug 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>OceanLove
<Content>Nice Hotel, Expensive Parking The Clift Hotel was conveniently located to Union Square, Trolley Stops, etc. The rooms were a bit small, but still comfortable. The decor of the hotel is amazing. The service was great, and concierge was very helpful. On the down side, we chose to valet park before finding out how much it costs. We were suprised to find out that it was $45 plus 14% city tax. There is a parking garage right around the corner that is $18 to $20 plus 25% city tax. The only downside of that garage is that you have no in/out privileges, which you do have at the Clift. Overall, the hotel was a great experience - we would return!  
<Date>Jul 29, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>puck44
<Content>nice hotel, excellent location first let me start by thanking the previous reviewers who noted that the hotel is completely umarked from the street, if they hadnt said that i would have driven around for ever looking for it. now on to the actual review. when in sf i usually stay at the hilton that is near the cliff but i got an excellent deal on the clift so i decided to give it a try. the clift is a nice hotel, the location is excellent, close to union square and market st. the room was decent sized and bright a furnished in a very ikea-esque way. the staff was curteous and friendly. all in all, a nice hotel, i dont think i would pay full price there but if you can get a good deal there, then by all means go for it.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Hotel! Had a great stay! Love the white linens - very clean. Great looking and friendly staff - will be back!!!Phillipe, thanks for recommending Townhall. We have great pictures of us in the chair.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ThreeMinPins
<Content>Not worth the $$$ This was my first trip to San Francisco. Needless to say I haven't stayed in any of the other hotels in this area of town, so I don't know how the Clift compares. No trouble locating the hotel, though I was a little more vigilant after reading about others' troubles finding it. Checking in was a breeze. the front desk was not busy at the time and the staff were courteous and helpful. The room was fairly small and had been redecorated, but the furnishings looked rather cheap. The bathroom is ultra-small, it looks like the vanity, mirror, tile, and possibly the shower/tub are new. The toilet looks like something out of a public restroom. The bed was one of the more comfortable ones that I've slept in. The gym was surprisingly adequate, consisting of 4 treadmills, 2 stationary bikes, 2 steppers, a full set of dumbbells (5-110 lbs), flat bench, incline bench, and a cybex multi-station. Overall, I wasn't super-disappointed, but I felt that for the money that I was paying the quality of the room should've been much better. On my next visit, I'm going to explore other options.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>laphotog
<Content>Absolutely perfect! After booking a room, I went onto travel advisor, and was a little worried about the Clift. Here is my experience over Memorial weekend. Upon entering the hotel, my fiance and I were warmly greeted by both the doorman, and the front desk staff. The room was booked on Expedia, and was Huge!! The room was immaculately clean and gorgeously appointed. There were Frette sheets and robes, and the most comfortable bed I have ever slept on in a hotel, and I travel for a living. The sink area was huge enough for both of our toiletries, as well as ample shelf space below. The shower was like standing under a waterfall. I couldn't believe how much water was coming out! The inbath supplies were very nice. I read a lot about noise, but you could hear a pin drop every second we were in our room, and we were there for Memorial Weekend. The tv was a little small, but WHO CARES... We were there to see San Francisco. We never ate in the hotel but had cocktails in the Redwood Room, and it is something else. Sure the drinks are expensive, but it was great, and the bartenders were really friendly. I honestly don't know what all of the complaints are about. The Clift is fantastic. Can't wait to return, and HIGHLY reccomend.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Disappointing. Not worth it. Not cute anymore. The only good thing about the Clift was the comfortable bed. The rooms are small, and the decor is plain. The crowd is no longer cute. Forget the front desk. It is simply not worth the price. The Clift is over.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't stay here unless you get a really good rate on the room The decor in the lobby and bar of this hotel is very interesting and modern, and the location is ideal. Also, I was able to check in a couple hours early, which was much appreciated. Everything else was pretty much a thumbs down. First, the hotel has no sign or other identifying marks, requiring much circling around aimlessly. The room was tiny and difficult to maneuver around, leading to many bruises on my leg from the bed frame. The bathroom, as others have noted, ------. The television was tiny and somewhat pathetic (I realize we were not in San Francisco so that we could watch TV, but still). The parking was ridiculously expensive and fairly inconvenient. We even had a voucher for a significant discount on the daily rate, but of course they did not honor it initially, requiring that my already unreasonably long check-out time involve some uncomfortable haggling over whether they would actually honor it (leaving me feeling like somewhat of a cheapskate, but come on -- $46.50/night ($40 for parking and $6.50 parking tax)?! That is scandalous). The waitress in the lobby lounge was horribly rude and pretty much went out of her way to ignore us, brought me a completely undrinkable cocktail that I had no choice but to return (something I've never ever done), and of course overcharged us at the end of the miserable ordeal, again requiring me to negotiate the bill so that we only had to pay for what we ordered and received (as opposed to the things we ordered but never actually got). All in all, it was an okay experience, but certainly did not live up to my expectations for a purportedly nice hotel. Had the weather not been so beautiful and my vacation not otherwise so enjoyable, I might have been more annoyed at my experience at the Clift.  
<Date>May 23, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>All Looks and No Brains I've stayed at the Clift twice now, and both times my experience was mixed. The hotel itself looks great--it has clean cool lines, high ceilings, big windows, comfortable beds. A standard room is pretty small. I stayed in a corner room suit for three nights---the room is all glamour, and filled with light, and good views. Service however, is poor, spotty, and mostly indifferent. The staff at the front desk seem overburdened with phone calls, and handling guests--I always found them harried, and rushed--and not warm. At five hundred dollars a night (for a one bedroom suit)--I expect some kind of service. (the Ritz-Carlton, even though covered in chintz, has great service)In the absense of good service, I would at least appreciate a staff that were warm, and who could exhibit a modicum of charm in such a beautiful hotel.I would say that the best way to describe the hotel would be this, that she is like a beautiful girl at a party, who has nothing to say.  
<Date>May 16, 2005
<Rating>2	1	5	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Poor Delivery! Overpriced, Attitude and for what ???Go accross the street to the Monaco or back to the WThe Clift is all wrong.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hated it Very snobby staff, very small rooms (even if you get a suite), high room tax, expensive parking, the people in the room next to us were smoking pot all night and the gym consists of approximately three treadmills, three stairmasters and one weight machine. The only good thing about this hotel was checking out of it.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Come on Ian!!! I've spent nights at the Delano and the Mondrian and the Clift doesn鈥檛 even come close to my other experiences...For the amount of money you spend, the place was absolutely horrible ... My room was like walking into my grandmothers room and the staff was not even noticeable from the time you walked in the door to the time you checked out... very disappointing... Ian should be ashamed of himself...  
<Date>Mar 31, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Hillstar
<Content>Comfortable bed and great scene After checking out of the Hotel Adagio across the street because it didn't have A/C (I barely slept the night before), the Clift Hotel turned out to be a very wise choice. I walked in at 9:30AM on Saturday and asked at the desk if they had availibility. They did and the room was ready now. What a great suprise!. We got an upgraded King room at a fair rate. The bed was very comfortable and the room was bigger than I expected with two closets. The bathroom was tight, but that is what I expected. The bar scene is the best in town and the staff was very helpful. I would definetly stay at the Clift again.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>love2trvl
<Content>great decor My husband and I stayed there for a night and the room was very nice. The bed was very comfortable we slept very good that night. We had dinner at Asia de Cuba and the food was not that great. Our food was cold and did not taste as good as other Asia de Cuba I have been to.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>dhemmert
<Content>The hotel was nice, but not up to 5 star snuff Everyone at the Clift was great and the decore was nice. The bathroom was so small, though, and there wasn't much place to put things. They need to fine tune....  
<Date>Mar 11, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it!! Wonderful experience all around. The Clift is a fun exciting hotel! My husband, baby girl, and I stayed there for four nights in January 2005. The staff was wonderful and extremely helpful with all our baby needs!!!! We were not frowned upon taking a baby to the restaurant on a busy night, WE WERE GRACIOUSLY WELCOMED! WONDERFUL WONDERFUL. The cuisine was delicious, the rooms were very luxurious a little small but what do you expect in San francisco.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sweetdreamer
<Content>Excellent It's a scene, but isn't that what you expect when staying at one of Ian's hotels? The service was excellent and the location is conveniently in the middle of everything. The decor is beautiful yet edgy. Overall, it was a pleasurable experience.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>very hip decor, okay staff Locating the Clift is particularly perilous at night with all those one-way streets because the only distinguishing markers are purple windows (luckily, I remembered this from the website photos). The very hip decor is interesting (antlers on furniture, oversized chairs, animal skins, etc.), though one might be afraid that sitting on the furniture would elicit critical looks from the staff. Checking in was somewhat cumbersome due to a computer glitch, but was otherwise fine. Our room was a decent size and overlooked the street below where noise carried very well. A pity since we were staying when hotel employees were picketing outside several other hotels in the area beginning at 6 a.m. until 6 p.m. (check to see if there are still labor disputes and at which hotels). The furniture comes in light colors (white, cream, lilac, and melon) and some aren't entirely functional, like the orange plastic bedside tables that would be more useful as stepping stools. However, I do appreciate hotel design and the room was tastefully done with very clean lines, smooth textures, and solid colors. It was particularly beautiful in the morning with the sun in full force. Beware, though, that the bathrooms are indeed very small and less functional than they should be. A large mirror blankets one wall and there is a teeny wastebasket underneath the table beneath the sink. I felt so untidy because there were no drawers to contain my toiletries, which, as a result, kept rolling everywhere. The mini-bar is well-stocked with useful items that come at a hefty price (as in any hotel). The walls are so thin that I could hear my neighbor watch TV ALL night. The fitness center was much smaller than I expected, but very clean and well-equipped. The concierge was very helpful in locating a great restaurant at the last minute. The hotel really is located in the center of downtown San Francisco, making it easy to walk to Union Square, the MOMA, and other attractions. I'm from Los Angeles where I've eaten at the Asia de Cuba in the Mondrian (beautiful restaurant by the way), so I wasn't interested in dining at Asia de Cuba in the Clift. I did spot it through the glass in the Redwood Room, where you should reserve a table well in advance since standing in a tight space isn't much fun. The room is beautiful, although the LCD displays are a little eery. When returning from a late night out on a weekend, someone will probably ask to see your guest card before admitting you through the door. I actually think it's a good idea for security reasons. Overall, the staff was friendly, although a bit aloof in certain instances. The hotel is very clean and nothing is dated, for better or worse. I saw people of all ages lounging about in the public spaces. I would stay again for a partying occassion, but I don't consider it a particularly romantic hotel.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CAdreamweaver
<Content>Trendy but comfortable Hey, it's an Ian Schraeger hotel. There's going to be lots of cool oversized furniture, moody lighting, and the most attractive staff in town. If that bugs you then this is not your hotel. For the rest of you, the bed and the bedding are great. The bathrooms are nicely updated. The staff is extremely helpful and courteous. Room service, the restraunt, and the bar are fabulous. There are a million pay per view movies and in room tv internet service. I think this is a great place to stay for work or pleasure. Especially if you can get a good rate.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>shardeman
<Content>Not your traditional hotel experience This hotel was an experience. We stayed at this hotel with a wedding party and paid around $190/night. We thought the rates fair for a high class hotel and comparable with others in SF area. We stayed in a standard room and the bride  groom were in a high-end suite so we got to experience both. The decor of the rooms is minimal and modern. White sheets and duvets with splashes of color using pillow throws, mirrors, and plexi-galss. Bathroom was small, but well appointed and clean. We liked staying here, but they are definitely snooty. There is no sign on the hotel itself, and when asked, the doormen harp on the exclusivity of the hotel. And even though we requested a table reservation at the bar for the wedding party, we did not have one when we arrived and when we finally got one, we were asked to move after 30 minutes. And the drinks are ridiculously priced. Overall, we enjoyed staying there depsite the snootiness, but might try a more reasonably priced hotel next time.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hip, trendy, comfortable, clean and in the center of everything! I have stayed at the Clift twice and both times had a pleasurable experience. I think that this hotel is a great place for adults - is centrally located, friendly staff, and happening lobby/bar/restaurant scene. The rooms are small but very comfortable and clean. I have stayed at many Ian S. hotels and this is one of my favorites. Its not dowdy like many of the nice San Franscisco hotels.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Superb except Asia Arrived as part of our Honeymoon world tour at Christmas\04. The Clift definitely compares well with other 5 star hotels we stayed in. I had been told we would either love it of hate it which I think is quite a fair statement. We loved it and the only reason I wouldn't give it 5 stars is because of the ASIA DA CUBA restaurant. The food is nice if not a little pricey for what you get but the staff were shocking and rude!I think the guy who served us should remember it's not his restaurant and that he just works there and if a customer is unsure what's on the Menu or what piece of cutlery to use he should be courteous not rude. The hotel room was nice but the bathroom a little small. The staff ( particularly Lyndsay) were very polite and helpful. It's also in a great location just a couple of blocks from Union Square. Lastly we had a great time in the Redwood room, drinks are pricey but you know this before you go in! All in all definitely stay but do not eat at the restaurant!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Clift Hotel Nice Hotel but overpriced.If you have a query about your bill make sure that you get an ammended and printed copy of your bill before you leave  
<Date>Dec 15, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Do not stay Tiny Rooms..Bathrooms the size of the closet...MOST OF ALL...my wife and I were asked to not sit on a particular couch, and Could we move to the seating over there?????? When asked why another couple was enjoying a glass of wine across from us...the response was they have a reservation to sit there!!!!! Amazing!!! Not to mention being stopped from entering and questioned as to what room you are staying in, your name, etc..... Save Your money--stay somewhere nice.If you must see it, go to the bar, wait 30 minutes to get a half full martini for $12, be rudely insulted by some super hip, brand new hairstyle bartender.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous I read all these bad reviews of the Clift before my trip and was apprehensive about my stay there but as it appears, people are more vocal when they are upset with a place. That's why I feel as if I need to put in my two cents. My boyfriend and I stayed there for four nights from Nov 3-7, 2004. Yes, it's true--no iron, no dresser, no fridge etc. But I've also stayed at the Hudson and it's the same situation. I think they did a great job with the amount of space they were given. And yes, the minibar is expensive, but there are 5 liquor stores within a block radius of the hotel, AND a pharmacy across the street. Not to mention the Redwood Room downstairs. (They make the best martinis).The rooms were trendy. Delicious bed---super fluffy pillows and cozy down comforters. Minimalistic furniture, curtains framing all four walls, and oh my god! There are mirrors, I'm talking floor to ceiling, on two opposing walls of the rooms so every morning I would wake up to 10 of me staring back. We couldn't help but put on a show for ourselves with a treat like that.And the staff was not snobby, like I had read. They were VERY VERY helpful and courteous. They weren' t judgemental, even when I walked in with TAKE-OUT food or snacks for the room. People of all ages would hang out in the lobby and bar area, not just San Francisco's hip and superficial. And there IS signage on the hotel. It's all the way on top of the building. You just need to look up. I know I'm getting technical, but I need to defend the CLIFT. All these people that write to say that there's no sign *wah wah wah* were too occupied looking at their feet to see it. Anyway, I had a great time. The service was wonderful. Turndown service every night. Not a hotel choice for you if you're on your honeymoon and trying to force romantic moments every second of the day.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Too trendy pour moi We stayed for two nights at either end of our honeymoon to Hawaii in October. The Clift is definitely for the young trend setter who wants to be seen staying at the trendy hotels. The entrance is difficult to locate as there is no name to indicate that its the Clift from the front. On entrance to the reception is very modern and dark, which initially I liked but trying to check in in this light is a bit difficult. I felt you needed a torch to find your way around in the lobby area. The staff were very friendly and were extremely helpful.The rooms are ultra modern again and furniture is sparse. Rooms are small and the bathrooms are tiny. Sitting on the loo you had the toilet roll up on top of you!! Again, disappointed that no tea/coffee facilities in the room, plus our safe didn't work either. Mini bar extremely expensive and they even charged for the little sewing kits that hotels normally provide.Walls are thin so if you got noisy neighbours, your in trouble. On our second night, our room was a connecting room and luckily our neighbours didn't stay up too late but when they were having breakfast the next day you could practically hear them chewing. Definitely not my cup of tea but if I was a younger hip person, would probably love it!  
<Date>Nov 4, 2004
<Rating>1	4	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Trying too hard to be cool The once glorious Clift is now another attempt from the Morgan's group at being cool.Outrageously expensive from the mini-bar to the room rates, the rooms feature walls that are about 70 percent mirrored. This ultra-glassed-in feature is most unappealing in earthquake-prone San Francisco. Staff has major attitude and there are no irons, ironing boards or coffee pots in rooms.The beds are ok but the other furniture is uncomfortable and uninviting - if you are into Feng Shui, forget it - with mirrors and shars everywhere you will suffer nightmares as I did.There are scores of better deals for your 300 dollars a night in San Francisco than this dreary replay of a Morgan's group jail cell.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2004
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The "Old Clift" was much nicer We stayed at the Clift for three nights this summer (July 23 - 26, 2004). My wife and I had often stayed at the old Clift Hotel before it was taken over and renovated by the Ian Schrager group. The old Clift may have been showing its age, but it had spacious, elegantly furnished rooms in a convenient part of town. What a disappointment it was to see what has been done to this once great hotel ! We booked an Studio Jr. Suite which was described as an L shaped room. We quickly discovered that this was one of the former spacious rooms from the old Clift that we remembered so fondly, but it had been chopped up into two rooms ... creating a window-less bedroom area and very cramped sitting area. The decor makes abundant use of petroleum based synthetic materials (think plastic draperies, plastic night stands  tables, plastic covered furnitiure) and has most opposing walls covered floor to ceiling with tinted mirrors. The mirrors tend to give the room a subtle feeling of nausea and the hard bench type furniture was uncomfortable. The bedding was of good quality but they must have contracted with a lumber company for the mattresses. My wife was particularly disappointed in the bathroom. It was cramped, with barely enough room for one person to turn around. There was no counter space and even the tub was scaled down to fit in such a small space. The old Clift had spacious, well appointed, marble bathrooms.The lobby and public areas have very dim lighting, which seemed stylish and attractive at first, but then became annoying. The elevator compartment was so darkened you could not even see the person standing next to you.They have even ruined the famous Redwood Room Bar. All of the warmth and intimacy of the old Redwood Room is missing, replaced by garish lighting and hard, uninviting bench type seats. The hostess greeted us at entrace with Oh .. are you here to inquire about reservations?. Acutally, we just wanted a glass of wine before going to dinner, but after seeing what has been done to the ambiance, I was almost in tears.Unless you are attacted to dark spaces and synthetic materials, I would give this hotel a pass. We certainly will not be back.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Cool and trendy and too plain Very cool place!!! The windows outside are beautiful, and the inside rockas as well...unfortunately, the rooms suck!!! They're big, that's a plus and the beds are comfy but that's about it. It's just that they contrast too greatly with the overall style of the Clift. THe lobby, restaraunt and bar are so cool and trendy that the rooms should be more than pastel purple walls with white furniture. Pretty much, if you plan on spending most of your time outside your hotel room, this place is ideal!!!!  
<Date>Sep 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Cinful
<Content>Hip and happening,but....... The hotel was in a great location, was very hip and trendy and the hotel bar is The Spot to be on the weekends. But, although a lot of money had been spent a couple of years ago for remodeling, it is basically (room wise) an old hotel that got painted and furnished with IKEA furnishings. Not to say it looked bad. Maybe the higher end rooms are much better. No coffee maker in room. Tiny bath. Lobby is very nice as is restaurant and bar. Very dark inside hotel. Couldn't wait to get outside for some light. Great appetizers and staff was good. Would probably not stay again. Great bed. Would put it at 3-4 star.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>VVVV BAD I went to this hotel for Valantine's Day weekend. The hotel has a nice cool entrance. Its in a very busy and nice part of SFO called Union Sqaure. The are ahs a lto fo good shops and places to eat. However, this hotel, has a small entrance that makes it look like a boutique hotel. But it really isnt, the lobby are is very loud because of the club/bar opposite the entrance. I was first booked for a junior suite, and I didnt like it at all. It was real small and for those of you who like to watch a little TV. The TV in the Junior Suite has a 15inch screen. Then I upgraded to a one bedroom suite, which wasnt that much fun either, the room was bigger, but not comfortable at all, the bathroom is clean but very small. I moved out and went to the Palace the same night, which is more like a five star hotel. If any of you want any suggestions, please dont go there...save money and you might as well stay at the Four Seasons.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Vacation in SF Not great! I would not stay here again. The service was not good. Our room was lacking. We had to request an ironing board  iron. We had stayed at the Mandarian Oriental and their service is exceptional. So we had expected the same here. NO WAY.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Fifiann
<Content>The Clift Hotel: For those who aspire to be rich and cool but haven't quite achieved either goal. For genuine class, pampering and good hospitality, stay elsewhere. We stayed at The Clift Hotel on the basis of enjoying a drink in the Redwood Room on a previous trip to San Francisco. We are a young couple who like to dress up and we thought the bar and lobby was attractively hip. Hipper than thou as it turns out and sadly, the residential experience was completely underwhelming. Although the room was pretty enough with its diaphanous cream curtains and pale birch furniture, it was marred by stained carpets and a musty smell. The bathroom was unbelievably tiny and although I am slim, I ended up with a bruise on my thigh from from bumping against the door, which stupidly opens inward into this already small space. Also, there is no surface area for toiletries, which I guess is fine if all you travel with is your toothbrush.We were irritated by the fee for highspeed internet access and the absence of a coffee maker, the latter being a basic necessity that you could find at any 1 star motel. A further annoyance was the prominent exhibition in the room of a number of of exhorbitantly priced items for sale.Our maid was nice and friendly and the concierge was fine, but the rest of the staff were too young, unprofessional and overly concerned with posing to fully focus on the needs of guests and create a luxurious atmosphere. Although hotel workers are human beings with their own private life, that's where it should remain - private. While waiting by the front desk for the return of an item from housekeeping, I don't want to hear the receptionists chatting about their previous night's partying and how they didn't get to bed until 6 in the morning. The prices in the Redwood Room and the adjoining restaurant are terribly inflated and although the food is nice, it is not outstanding and simply not worth the money. My husband and I enjoy good things but neither of us like to be ripped off and with The Clift Hotel, you feel you are at every turn. After 3 days we moved out and checked into The Monaco next door which is where we stayed last time and is just exquisite (see the reviews here on Tripadvisor).There is nothing majorly wrong with this hotel but for the money you can do so much better. Definitely call into the Redwood Room for a pre dinner cocktail and to admire the video installations, but stay somewhere else.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Failed to meet expectations The Clift hotel failed to meet my expectations and is was a major dissappointment. It is definitely not a five star hotel. The general unwelcome feel one experiences upon entering the lobby is compounded by the arrogant pushy attitudes of the door staff, front desk staff, and especially the cranky concierge. They don't have a pool, there's a pungent smell on most of the floors, and you have to pay for using the internet. The hotel is dimly lighted so that visitors can't see the worn and stained carpet. The hotel becomes infested with nightclubbers at night with all these cheezy types acting like monkeys on the lobby furniture as well as keeping ourselves and the other guests annoyed with their techno music blasting from the spanish suite right next door. And then there's the hotel bar, the Redwood Room. I don't mind paying more for a fine modern bar experience but again the Clift has failed in this department. The bar is very attractive and stylish, blending the history of the old grande hotel with the modern elements in a silky smooth collage. That's where the positives end - great design, poor execution. On approaching the hostess stand guests are looked up and down before being escorted to an appropriate location. Interestingly, the more attractive the look, the more prominent the location will be. We were seated right at the bar. The sharp looking bartenders were standing around chatting and didn't notice our deep need for a drink for quite some time. On approach, I asked what their signature cocktail was. The bartender responded by asking what I usually drink (a Chopin Martini), walked away, made the drink, presented it, and said, that'll be $14. Then he asked my colleague what she wanted to drink. She opted for a bottle of becks. $8. That was our last visit to that bar.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderland for the Jetset The Clift web site says the hotel is a wonderland for the jetset. It's true. I stay there often just to add some fun to business trips. So, here鈥檚 a test to help you decide if Clift is right for you:Stay at Clift if:You think it鈥檚 cool it鈥檚 a 鈥渟tealth hotel鈥?(no sign or name on building)You can speak at least two languages (required to be truly jetset)You know Prada from DKNYYou collect frequent flyer miles on 14 different airlinesYou are willing to over look minor problems with the staff simply because they are very good lookingYou are willing to pay $15 a drink so that you can lounge in a beautiful room full of beautiful people.You have an expense accout or trust fundThe thought of owning a minivan makes your skin crawl Do NOT stay at Clift:You think it鈥檚 totally absurd that the hotel has no signYou are a retired librarian looking for a peaceful place to sleep and read.You are fashion-challenged (you know who you are)You collect 鈥淧recious Moments鈥?figurinesYou cannot handle a bit of friendly attitude from the staff and other guestsYou find yourself asking, 鈥淲ho is Philippe Starck?鈥?br/>You are on a budgetYou own a minivan  
<Date>Aug 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>If image is all that matters to you... Your first clue is the lack of signage. The Clift is far too trendy to identify its location by anything so common as a nameplate visible from the street.The valet parking staff is friendly, though, assuming you can find a place for your car on the crowded curb in front of the hotel. Plan on a hefty $40 per night for valet parking.Once inside, the clever theatricality of the lobby, dining room and bar make the efforts to arrive seem worthwhile. Check-in is efficient, if not exactly friendly or welcoming.A warning, though. If you get a room with a pass-through door to the room adjacent, immediately return to the front desk and ask for or pay for a room with solid walls. I did not and my neighbors stayed up all night long playing music and entertaining guests. Despite a call from the manager at 12:30 PM and a call from myself at 3 AM, the noise continued unabated till 4:30 AM, leaving me no recourse but to spend a very early morning in the lobby. Why the lobby? Well, the night staff informed me that while they were sorry, they could not give me another room until the morning manager arrived. Three hours later he did arrive and did give me another room. According to the bell staff, there were ample empty rooms. Apparently due to my group rate, the night staff wasn't authorized to give me another room. In effect, their rules were far more important than my comfort or inconvience. So...no sleep at all at this 4-star hotel the first night.The next night of my four-night stay, a friend and I decided to investigate the bar. The hostess condescended to find us a table and with a great deal of attitude announced that we might have one in a few minutes - depending on how long we were staying!We decided we weren't nearly important enough to enjoy the gloomy darkness and thumpa-wumpa music of the bar at the Clift, so we crossed the street and discovered the delightful Cafe Grand at the equally delightful Hotel Monaco. Evidently Kimpton hotels regard guests as valued friends and Schrager properties - like the ever-so-precious Clift - do not. Unless you share the attitude, of course, and enjoy trading superior glances with the staff.I'll give the Clift ample stars for design and poseur-power. But as a fine hotel...truly, they have a lot to learn about hospitality.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2004
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Unique Hotel This comment from a previous review was what sparked our interest in the Clift: I would not recommend this hotel for families. On the weekend it is very similar to staying at a night club. The reviewer was absolutely correct. If you're planning to bring the kids to San Francisco, you may want to stay at the Hampton Inn instead. The decor at the Clift is minimalist yet fun and creative...definitely has a night-clubbish feel. The service was excellent and very friendly; we didn't experience the attitude and snobbishness mentioned in previous reviews. The sleigh bed was SO comfortable, we loved the luxury linens. Our corner room was surprisingly spacious. The hotel location was convenient. The only complaints we had were, the bathroom seemed somewhat small and valet parking seemed a little pricey. Other than that, we would definitely stay at the Clift next time we're in town!  
<Date>Jul 21, 2004
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrific service Great location We had read not-so-favorable reviews of the staff in terms of friendliness and were concerned prior to arrival. The concerns were unfounded. The service was excellent and the staff incredibly friendly. It's a fun place to stay in a great location - walking distance of China Town and Union Square shopping  
<Date>May 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>For something fun and different... This place doesn't have to try too hard to be ultra hip or cool. The fact that the hotel doesn't even have to put a sign on the building or the door will tell you that. With that being said, a stay at the Clift can transport you to a hip and trendy city lifestyle, which is exactly what I wanted for a weekend getaway from suburbia. The rooms are clean, light, and tastefully decorated in a very modern style; very comfy sleigh bed with superior down and cotton bedding. I'm pretty picky about my sheets, and I was tempted to buy these to take home with me. The hotel has the bedding custom made for them and new sets are available for sale. A stay at the Clift can be pricey. This is a trendy five-star hotel after all. However, packages can be found with good discounts for people not wanting regular chain-like accomodations and adventurous to try something different. I opted for a deluxe room at the Clift and was glad I did. There were three large windows in my outside facing corner room allowing lots of light and pleasant city sounds to filter in. The Clift's location is not ideal for sweeping views; but this was acceptable with me when selecting the hotel. A nice touch to the decor of the room were the mirrors and floor to ceiling curtains adorning the walls. No need for artwork that way, just the pleasant mix of colors, fabrics, glass, and contemporary furniture. Is the decor what I might select for my home? Probably not, but the change of scenery sure was fun for a evening. The room had candles and matches ready to go and the warm indirect lighting helped make this a contemporary romantic getaway. The CD player had excellent sound and the DVD player was a nice touch. Some might find the tv a joke as it's only a 19 model, but then again, I wasn't shelling out big bucks for watching tv. The location of the Clift is excellent for the theatre/shopping crowd and getting a cab is not too difficult. The front desk staff and the doormen were very friendly and helpful. The only thing keeping this stay from being an excellent experience was the breakfast at the Asia De Cuba restaurant. The decor and the food are nice, but they must have been understaffed the morning I decided to go, although the restaurant was not even 25% full. Breakfast was included with my special package rate, so this is where I was going to dine no matter what, but I expected decent, if not excellent and courteous service at such a fine restaurant. I could barely get a refill on my iced tea. The table next to mine was getting very impatient and almost downright rude about the slow service. All in all, I would steer clear of breakfast, unless it's included in your rate. Reviews for lunch and dinner seem to be better...so maybe someday I'll check it out, but with so many other choices in the city, the Asia De Cuba left a bad impression on me and it will be some time before I return to eat there. Some people leaving reviews have complained about noise, smelling smoke in the hallways, and having no dresser in the room, but I did not encounter any problem with these. I found the closet adequate for my luggage and unpacking of my necessary items so as to reduce wrinkling. As for noise, this is the CITY, not a country getaway, so I anticipated I'd hear some noise at some point in my stay, but honestly, I was never disrupted by noise in any way. I definitely rate the hotel very high in terms of a nice stay and felt I had a good value for my money.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wow! Clift is on a come back! I had not been to Cift in about 6 months. I was up this Saturday for the night and WOW... The service blew me away. There were smiles everywhere. Every single staff person flashed me a smile and endulged my need for fun conversation. Lets face it, it has always been a cool place... but hey... San Francisco is not NYC and not Los Angeles. In San Francisco... we are all beautiful people.. and we want to be treated as such. Clift Staff have recieved the message and are delivering. Bravo... I will so be back!We ate at Cuba de Asia. Oh my gosh... The meal was incredible. We had my goddaughter with us and she is an angel... If she wasn't... I would never have taken her to this kind of restaurant. The staff went way out to make all of us feel like we were royalty. (Its not a kid place but this kid is kind of special). Our waiter Sean, I don't even know what to say. He knew every detail, spice, food texture. He was on the money! He knew when to be there and when to stay away. His recommendations were right on. He was honest, handsome, and so professional. We wanted to take him home. After dinner it was the Redwood Room. If you haven't been there, go. It is expensive but once again, the drinks are fantastic and the atomosphere.... energizing. The staff in the Redwood Room, Bar None (no pun intended), are about as good as it gets. Something is going on because the gang at Clift have seen the San Francisco Light. No more attitude here. The staff are fashionable, smart, and quite frankly cool. They went way out of their way to treat us well, make our evening fun... right down to the manager who checked in to make sure we were having a great night. The staff are still beautiful... but they make you feel the same. Something is alive and well at Clift. Stop by and check it out... you won't be sorry.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>brentwoodmom56
<Content>Great place While flying to San Francisco, I was reading James Patterson's new book and one of the scenes was at The Clift Hotel. He describes the hotel well - it's very unique. The rooms are lavendar with white decor - I understand the hotel was recently renovated. The room was very clean - the only recommendation I have is more lighting.The food and service were excellent in the Asia de Cuba, but rather expensive.I would recommend this hotel and plan to stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>onenrg1
<Content>Great Hotel for the Trendy This hotel was great. The service was abosultely magnificent. The concierge did their best to meet our demands at any time of day for certain day trips. The whole staff was very helpful and the lounge was excellent. It got quite packed on Friday and Saturday nights, which was good to see. I loved how they made the wood work with purple. Both my fiancee and I said to ourselves that it was not a combination that we thought would work but did. This hotel is very dark, but I thought it was great for that whole cool vibe. If you are looking for a trendy, upscale hotel then I would definitely recommend staying here. If you are more of a traditional, upscale hotel then this is not for you.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Super cool We chose this hotel because of our experience of the Sanderson and St. Martin's Lane in London (which we love). Although the hotel was really cool I didn't think that it was quite up to the standard of the other two hotels. Our room was a good size and we were upgraded on arrival which was a nice touch, however we did find both the room and bathroom very grey and gloomy in colour and the lighting was poor. It wasn't quite as luxurious as I might have liked. The bar was great (although the service was slow), but the music was far too loud and in your face. It might be cool, but it didn't make for a particularly pleasant or relaxing atmosphere. The staff were attentive and friendly throughout.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SaffronRose
<Content>Overrated We stayed at The Clift in August 2004. Although the design of the hotel is pretty cool the rooms lack general comfort due to the size, they are very small. The staff are very unfriendly and unhelpful I barely saw a smile between them. They must have been trained to be off hand and dismissive. When we checked out we left our car there and gave instructions as to when and who was collecting it. When the guy went to collect the car nobody had any idea about it and sent him on his way - very annoying and costly! The one thing we did enjoy was the bar, well designed cool and funky. Great for people watching and partying.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>perfect hip hotel...incredible room i stayed 3 nights at Clift in early september and was very pleased. i was checking in late, around 7 pm, so was surprised when the desk agent said the room was not yet clean, and would be about 30 minutes. i was meeting freinds for dinner and didn't relish a wait in the lobby. the agent said that he could offer me another room that was ready immeadiately, but that this was a special room and would be worth the wait....i waited.....it was AMAZING. on the top floor corner (#1701). a little odd because the elevator only goes to 16, then you have to go up a little curving staircase to 17. a huge corner room with a little entryway with a floor to ceiling curtain, very high ceilings, large panorama windows on both sides with incredible city views, a wet bar with sink, large dressing room and a windowed bathroom. get this room if at all possible. every staff member from bell boys to room service remarked that this is their favorite room. not a bad price for a room like this either. i found all the staff very freindly and helpful from front desk to valet to very informative concierge. room had internet TV with wireless keyboard which was a nice touch. fantastic lighting, fabrics, furniture. all up to par with the style and professionalism of schrager hotels. used the gym which was perfect. modern treadmills with tv's. redwood room and asia de cuba are always a scene if you want that. great location near union square. this room certainly made the stay at Clift a pleasure. not sure what the comments are in other reviews about it not really being a 5 star hotel. if they are looking for a classic 5 star experience, go to the four seasons or the carlyle. schrager hotels are consistently very clean, very well put together and comfortable and stylish and efficient and lots of fun to stay in. always worth the money in my book. perhaps not the right fit for an older timid crowd that's not looking for or expecting this experience. i enjoyed it very much.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>STAY AWAY! RUDE! CROOKED HOTEL! AWFUL! The Clift Hotel is a piece of trash! The idiot doorman at the front would rather scratch his head than help you get your bags. The receptionists are completely oblivious to provide any service. Go to the W or any where else in San Francisco. This hotel is certainly not worth anything over 80 dollars. We had a horrible time, the rooms are embarrasingly small. Absolutely no amenities. The hotel changed the room rate once we arrived at the hotel and demanded we pay the new, exorbitant amount. The facilities were absolutely abyssmal.Avoid this hotel and save your money. Go anywhere else.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not Quite 5 Star Though my stay at the Clift was most delightful, I was surprised at the absence of luxury in some of the amenities and services. The quality of the towels and robes, for example, were not quite up to par for a 5-star hotel. Not exactly the softest Egyptian cotton. The bathroom was also so small that I could barely open the door to get out of it. The service at the restaurant and bar was also a bit lackluster -- I waited over 15 minutes in the main bar before anyone came to take my order. However, all of the door men and front desk clerks were extremely helpful and friendly. Plus, the dark lighting and rich fabrics of the lobby provided a great end of the day escape from work.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Time An excellent hotel with top notch service. It is a welcome respite from a busy day in the city, both the lobby lounge and the rooms are incredibly comfortable and the staff is welcoming. A great choice for travelers looking for a hip, progressive, yet friendly hotel.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay Away! My husband and I booked our stay through Expedia - I guess the Clift keeps its real rooms for guests paying full price. We could hear EVERYTHING from the next room (snoring, T.V., phone conversations, etc...). Not at all impressed. We've stayed at some pretty high-end, 5-star hotels and the Clift definitely wasn't one of them. We were not impressed with the hotel staff - I guess they're underpaid.Stay away.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worthless I usually stay at Campton Place but decided to give the Clift a try for a change of scenery. The service was not up to the level that it should be for a hotel that purports to be of such a high level. The rooms were decent. The food was bad. There wasn't an available porter to take my bags. The concierge gave me inaccurate information and I missed breakfast. I wouldn't go back. I'll return to Campton Place where the level of service is high and the food is great.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stylish and reasonable I have to base this review on the price we paid because I think we got a cracking deal only paying $140 a night for 4 nights. This place is ultra cool, the rooms are not huge but beautifully designed as is the entire hotel. Ignore the review that says you can park in SF for $10 as the going rate for overnight is about $29 so whilst $40 for valet parking is not cheap it isn't exhorbitant by SF standards. The hotel is great for Union Square with just a 5 minute walk on the flat (unusual for SF) and it has a great bar that attracts the great and the good from the city. Staff were very helpful and overall we had no complaints whatsoever.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Melto
<Content>Love those pillows! We just returned from a wonderful weekend in SF. Our stay at the Clift was great. The only thing that I can really criticize is the 5 star rating given to this hotel. I find it more on par with a 4 star. 5 star ratings to me should be luxurious, with amenties and services that go above the expected. This hotel does not have those features. The rooms are small but adequate, as are the bathrooms. We were forewarned about the lack of a dresser and/or drawers! However, that bed and those pillows made up for all these things. Good location, a good place to see and be seen.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it We just stayed at the Clift 9-13 through 9-20. The staff was wonderful we were given two upgrades, we ended up on the top floor in a corner room, that was huge and had amazing views. The staff was very helpful, courteous, and very friendly. The city itself was very nice, a little dirty, that could be improved. The hotel is in a nice location in the middle of everything. The bed was nice and comfy. The hotel is very modern looking with a young and hip crowd at night. We will be back for sure, a true gem of San Francisco  
<Date>Sep 22, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worth the $175 price tag We wanted a romantic escape and the Clift was quite appropriate. This is an old, traditionally built hotel that has been repainted and jazzed up with fun colors and theatrical lighting. The Redwood Room was charming with moving pictures on the walls just like in Harry Potter's Hogswarts school. The rooms were decent sized and very comfortable indeed and the decor minimalist yet pleasing. Minibar items are outrageously priced so bring your own. Room service is also outrageous - Asia de Cuba's appetizers begin at $18-22. I suggest for this price you are better off with a romantic and scrumptious 3 course meal at Gary Danko for $55. The front desk service was not very friendly - it caters to an in crowd and since we didn't look like Wallpaper models with an entourage, nobody really paid us any attention.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Service with I just returned from a 5 night stay at the Clift. I had my reservations of staying at The Clift after reading some negative feedback on this site. After the first night I knew I was staying in a hotel that values their customers.I would not recommend this hotel for families. On the weekend it is very similar to staying at a night club. The long lines outside to get into the Redwood Room identifies the popularity of this night club. Yet you would never know there is a night club below you with very well insulated room.The room was clean and very posh. The beds have silky sheets and very romantic lighting. This is an older hotel but everything is nicely updated.The staff is very friendly and approachable. Anywhere you see a staff member they always smile and say hello. I would highly recommend consulting with the Concierge to help with transportation and advice on restaurants.I highly recommend Clift for couples wanting a romantic stay in San Francisco. I would also recommend room service. Expensive but great food.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing Service! We just got back from our Clift Hotel experience and it was awesome. I cannot stress enough how friendly and helpful the staff was. We received great recommendations, everything from the best way to get to the hotel from the airport from where to go for great meals! The experience at the Clift was exceptional and I would go back.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Like Sleeping On A Cloud My partner and I stayed at The Clift June 26 - 30, 2003 for Pride Weekend. We got an excellent rate through Expedia and were very pleased at most everything the hotel had to offer. Pros: Luxury bedding which makes everything else seem less significant. Artistic, creative, furnishings and details (visit the hotel's website and you may understand the artistic vision). Excellent view (ask for a corner room on the highest floor available). Extremely clean room. Very polite and attractive looking staff (always opened doors and smiling). Would have loved to visit the Redwood Room but was too busy elsewhere. Excellent location near Union Square, cable cars, subway, restaurants, theaters. Cons: It was unusually hot weekend for SF and the air in the room wasn't circulating too well. Bathroom did not seem to have a circulation fan. Room service provides any ice you need upon request but would have preferred to get my own after having to have it brought to us about 10 times. All in all an excellent place to stay if you appreciate good taste, creativity, and romance in the greatest city on the planet. Have Fun!  
<Date>Jul 29, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BNATraveller
<Content>The Clift Hotel is Fabulous! Words cannot express how fabulous our stay was at The Clift Hotel! We were originally booked on the club level of the Ritz Carlton for our stay (@$375 a night) and when we checked in, the room was awful! It looked like a Hampton Inn room complete with a ceiling leak and dust on the furniture. We immediately left and switched to The Clift. Our stay was glorious. The room was large and the beds (great sheets!) were very comfortable. The fitness center was small, but top-notch equipment and the business center was excellent. The hotel is in the perfect location, a block away from Union Square. Also, as an early riser, I would wake up and go to Starbucks across the street, leaving my husband and kids in the room. Then, I would go to the Fitness Center where I enjoyed the best stairmaster ever--Cybex 800. I was in heaven for 5 nights! The staff was kind, hip and happy -- the concierge, Phillipe, was beyond compare. This is the perfect hotel in our opinion and I'm sorry its gotten such sporadic reviews. We are sold on the Ian Schrager hotels and when we have the opportunity, we will stay in them!  
<Date>Jul 24, 2003
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Funky Fun I believe that one's experience of the Clift depends upon one's expectations. I think the Clift delivers what it promises.I stayed there for three nights. The staff was friendly and beautiful. They were nothing but helpful. The door was opened for me everytime, my clothes were pressed and returned to me immediately, and the clerk was very welcoming after our long flight from Florida.The decor trendy and fun. Yes, the lobby was dark, but I felt that added to the intimate atmosphere in the well lit acloves and added a nice backdrop for the warm glow of the candles.The rooms were small, but decorated nicely. The bed was very comfortable.If you want the Holiday Inn experience then stay at the Holiday Inn. If you want to have a fun, casual, urban experience then the Clift is for you.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Andrew_MuswellHill
<Content>Poor poor poor We went to the Clift on honeymoon. The rooms were minimalist and stylish, but the walls are paper thin and you can hear the person snore in the room next door. It's massively overpriced, the space is cramped, and anyone who wants a boutique hotel experience is best off finding it elsewhere. There are plenty of better hotels in San Francisco I am sure  
<Date>Jul 21, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never Again If you are into dark and trendy then this is the spot for you. Blaring techno music from the bar floods the foyer when you walk in. The front desk people have no more personality than Ken and Barbie (which they strongly resemble). The bathrooms are small and the shower curtain cheap (it will keep attacking you and not stay in place when you shower) for 300-400 a night you would think they could get better. The worst part was the valet parking where they fail to tell you it costs $40 a night to park in the garage, I could have gone around the corner for $10. Make sure you check the price list BEFORE you even think of eating anything in the room a box of animal crackers 3.75, give me a break!!! Next time Im in San Francisco I will be staying somewhere else.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2003
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great beds and great service We enjoyed our stay immensely at the Clift May 1-5, 2003. The beds and pillows were extremely comfortable. It is true that the walls are thin and the bathrooms are rather small. However, it was meticulously clean. Some of the reviews said the staff was snooty. I didn't find that to be the case. They were very friendly. The concierge gave good restaurant recommendations. You can get a great pot of coffee from room service for $10 after all the service charges -- but there's a Starbuck's across the street. Great Pacific Tours stops at this hotel and they offer a wonderul all-day tour of the wine country. There's also a great diner called Lori's just around the corner for a terrific breakfast. We were on the sixth floor. The decor might not be for everyone. The lobby lighting is dim, but there were ample lights and lamps in the guest rooms. Overall, a terrific place to stay. I paid $150 a night from Expedia. I recommend it.  
<Date>May 17, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RTW250
<Content>Charmed by Clift Hotel   showReview(925518, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 28, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awful stay @ Clift Hotel   showReview(921751, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 21, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Over60inTexas
<Content>Only for one nite stands   showReview(917473, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 14, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Metalligal007
<Content>Make a reservation across the street   showReview(861644, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 27, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Oh Ian!   showReview(836729, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 14, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Clift   showReview(836583, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 13, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Tragically hip   showReview(719937, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 19, 2002
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely Fabulous!!   showReview(712362, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 9, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Trendy Looks Don't Make a Great Hotel   showReview(702311, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 24, 2002
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Horrible Attitude! At the Clift   showReview(363845, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 26, 2002
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MG3676
<Content>bello ma camere piccole       la hall  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>dragonosor92
<Content>Bien situ茅 mais confort moyen   showReview(20892226, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>4	2	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>kkm3105
<Content>Sehr gepflegtes Yuppiehotel mit exorbitanten Nebenkosten   showReview(19832156, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	4	5	3	5	3	

<Author>t1965
<Content>Hotel divertido, bien situado   showReview(19752635, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	3	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon choix   showReview(20551337, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>dalla lobby alle stanze calano le speranze   showReview(19633073, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel confortevole   showReview(19633071, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>evi2912
<Content>Tolles Designhotel !   showReview(19108801, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Ausgangspunkt f眉r SFO   showReview(19633070, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent h么tel design 脿 San Francisco   showReview(18530298, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tres bon hotel , sympa et jeunes   showReview(18530297, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Probleme mit W-LAN   showReview(17431661, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>absolut stylischer platz   showReview(16589278, 'full');   
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bellissimo   showReview(15564132, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s hype, mais tellement europ茅en.   showReview(13983343, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>erstklassiges, gepflegtes, unsch盲dlich ein wenig yuppieorientiertes , chickes hotel   showReview(13199162, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈儵銉栵紵銉┿偊銉炽偢锛熴儧銉嗐儷锛?#x201d;   showReview(19161147, 'full');   
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bien situe   showReview(11346374, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 7, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鎯呭牨閫氥倞銉涖儐銉伄銈点偆...   showReview(19921438, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 19, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

