<Author>stace120
<Content>Mixed feelings First off I love Hiltons and I travel a lot so I try to be really fair in reviews. Secondly I think that there are probably a lot of different room types at this hotel so that may explain the difference in reviews.This is a very, very busy airport hotel so expect the general qualities found in such- long lines/ waits and sometimes crowds.I arrived late so I had no problem checking in. The front desk staff was very efficient and courteous. I booked a balcony room which meant i could only get 2 double beds. The balcony wsn't really much. There was a tiny door to go out to a three foot wide balcony with a high cement wall and lots of mildew. This was clearly meant for smokers and not for people who wanted to enjoy a balcony.The room itself was pretty dated and not especially clean. I had ordered a bottle of wine online which was not in the room when I arrived. I recieved a phone call from room service at MIDNIGHT wanting to deliver the wine. They argued when I said it was too late, but ultimately did not bring the wine and did not charge me.The business center was very nice. They had everything I needed. It was very spacious and well equipped. Check out went okay, but I did wait a very long time for somecody fromHertz to show up at the bell desk to rent me a car- which I had reserved.All in all, this was a decent experience, but I would try to get an updated room and would not order room service.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>3	3	2	3	2	3	2	5	

<Author>KateP_Europe
<Content>Good hotel for transfer       Hilton from the lagoon sight  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>Kandelh
<Content>Good airport hotel with cunningly hidden light switches We stayed here in an Executive Floor room on a one night stopover between London and Cancun. The room was alright and the only problem we had was trying to turn the lights on which turned into a bit of a joke. But we got there in the end. The room had great views of the lagoon.We ate in the bar and the food was slightly expensive for the quality, but was all edible and the staff were very friendly.Breakfast was included as part of our room and was standard buffet style. No major complaints there and again the staff were nice and helpful  
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	3	4	4	

<Author>RSMikeIreland
<Content>Stay Here, Very Pleasant Difficult to figure out the variable ratings for this hotel based on our excellent experince. We were originally booked to stay the last three nights of our holiday at a nearby ( not Homewood) suites hotel, however after a very disappointing stay at that hotel a week earlier (despite its excellent tripadvisor rating), it was with some trepidation that we switched to the Hilton (it was the only hotel I could find in a hurry with availability). I had read some of the poor reviews here but figured it could not get much worse than our experience at the the nearby suites hotel.Maybe I was lucky because I got the Hilton Honors floor (Floor 11 as far as I can remember?), but our room was very comfortable, clean and functioning, no smells or mustiness.We did opt to pay $20 a night extra for a balcony room ( can be selected by booking on hilton.com), The balcony is a bit small with no furniture but excellent for smokers ( my wife is one unfortunately!). We had a very pleasnat view over the lagoon on one side and Miami Airport on the other ( great fun if you enjoy an occasional bit of plane spotting, :-) ), and when the doors windows are closed , minimal noise from the airport ( the airport stops at night anyway, so no real worries about noise).My advice would be to go for the balcony rooms, based on the hotel layout, I figure they are all corner rooms so possibly a bit larger and with more windows.Even after paying $20 extra a night at the hilton over the other suites hotel the rate was still $30 a night cheaper, and the hilton is a full service hotel, Just beware you will get stung with $10 a night for parking (swings and roundabouts) at the HiltonAbout the hotel staff, and reports of rudeness on earlier reviews, We made a few front desk queries and used the reataurant one morning for breakfast, everyone was very pleasnt and helpful, The security guys at the hotel entrance were also very friendly.If I was in the vicinity I would definetly stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Ariktravel
<Content>old needs major renovations Hotel staff rude.Rooms are VERY old especially the bathrooms. Musty smell in the rooms.Stay somewhere different.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>winniepoo
<Content>Old  While this hotel was close to the airport, which was our number one priority, we would have rather stayed anywhere, even further away, that had a fresh and new atmosphere. A major renovation is needed. And we wanted a king, but got two twins. The manager blew us off and made no attempt to accomodate us. Thumbs down!  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	3	

<Author>wesandkim
<Content>Saved our trip in Miami We transferred from another Hilton hotel to this one at 11pm at night. They saved our trip in Miami. The room was clean, no weird smells in the room, bathroom was clean and they had HOT water which was a big deal that night. Check in and out was fast and courteous, the rate was exceptionally reasonable. The night staff was friendly and was even smiling, cannot say that for the last hotel we check out of. The shuttle was prompt at 5am and again very nice. Great stay. Would book again in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Oswego90
<Content>We LOVED this hotel! I had to write this review because our recent experience at the Hilton Miami Airport was so different from the previous reviewer's. We (mother 50's and daughter 23 yrs) booked the hotel for 2 nts. pre-cruise in mid-August. I was able to get a great rate for an Executive Floor room w/ 2 double beds. Maybe this made all the difference. The room was beautiful. The beds were wonderful. The food in the Executive Club was great - and since we stayed during the Olympics, many people were popping in and out of the Club to watch Michael Phelps. Very pleasant, relaxing experience.The weekend staff, too, was wonderful. Check-in was a breeze at the HHonors dedicated desk. The bellmen and concierge staff were friendly and helpful. I had a fun conversation with the shuttle driver as I rode from the hotel over to the airport on Sat. night to meet my daughter's flight. Returning on the shuttle, however, was more problematic. Two or three shuttle vans passed us by because they had filled beyond capacity at the International terminal and had no room for the domestic passengers waiting. Eventually, the hotel sent a shuttle just for us and for the other family who had been waiting with us for quite some time.Sunday, we decided to go to the pool early to catch some sun before the imminent arrival of Tropical Storm Fay. Again, loved the pool...AND the very large(!) iguana who twice visited the pool deck during our stay and seemed quite at home. As others have mentioned, the lagoon surroundings are beautiful and are filled with wildlife - lizards, birds, etc.Negatives: the fact that WiFi access is not free and that food in the restaurant and pool bar is on the expensive side (the drinks at the pool bar were pricey and small).Overall, I would definitely recommend this hotel if you are able to book a deluxe or Executive Floor room. (One more note: we had no trouble at all with airport noise - our room faced east, and the view at night was spectacular.)  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Frank_Black
<Content>Nice hotel for the price The hotel looks a bit dated and could use some freshening up but, overall, we had a very positive experience staying there. We stayed there the night before our Caribbean cruise vacation and the hotel was located just a short drive far from the Miami Cruise Port. As far as safety, we had absolutely no problem there-- the place looked quite safe. The beds were clean and comfortable. The restaurant food was decent, although pricey. The buffet breakfast cost us almost $70 (for two adults and two kids) but it was delicious and offered a lot of variety. There are a lot of parking spaces at the hotel but self-parking will cost you $10 per day + tax. For us, that was the biggest negative. We paid about $145 for the room for the one-night stay and overall it was a very good choice. If we're in the Miami area in the future, we would definitely consider staying there again.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Atl_traveler007
<Content>Don't Pick this Hotel just for the Airport Shuttle! First I will say what was good, or ok with this hotel--the beds were comfortable.However, we couldn't get a room with a bed larger than a twin! Even though the hotel looked to be almost empty. We were told that all the other rooms were booked. Something I don't believe at all. The lobby was empty, the restaurant was empty, the halls were empty, and the pool--it was empty as well!Could it just be that the front desk people don't like it when you book your room through Hotwire? The lady at the front desk mentioned Hotwire two times. Something that I have not seen before.Our main problem with this hotel though, is that we booked it because it was close to the airport, and had an airport shuttle. It took us 45 minutes to catch a shuttle (close to an hour in total to get to the hotel) from the airport. Then the next morning we tried to get the 6:40am shuttle to the airport. When we got to the front there was no shuttle, and there were no bell people in the front area outside the hotel. I went inside to ask about it, and they said it was full so it left early. The next shuttle came sometime close to 7:00AM and the driver quickly mentioned that he was the 7:20AM shuttle, and would be happy to leave 2 minutes early at 7:18AM. Several of us complained and he finally left for the airport. But again, it took us in total about 40 minutes to get to the airport, which is about 4 miles away!The room was not at all what I expected from a so called 4-star hotel. It was very outdated (I remember the cottage cheese type ceiling from the 70's), had very worn carpet and some things in the bathroom that were falling apart. Two electrical outlets I used had plugs that were very loose and pushed way in (away from the covers) with your plug--almost a safety hazard. In the hallway, in the morning, there was a tray of food left over from the night before. The service and cleaning people were about as scarce as the other people in the hotel. There were a few people eating in the restaurant, and we did get good service there. But, the food was about on the level of a cafeteria--not as good as what you can get at Chili's. So in summary, I don't know who would rate this as a 4-star hotel. In fact, I would guess that you will get better service, food, and accommodations at most of the 3-star hotels in the area.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	1	2	2	

<Author>413KIMBERLY
<Content>Hilton Miami Hotel A group of 11 of us stayed at the Hilton Miami Hotel for 2 nights. One night prior and one night after a trip to Caribbean. We all enjoyed our stay. We found the rooms to be clean and attractive and the beds to be comfortable. The pool area was nice and we all had a great time using the large outdoor swimming pool. The grounds were beautiful and the kids had a great time looking at the wildlife surrounding the water. We got some fun pictures of Iguanas and lizards and never felt that we were staying at the airport. Down side, room service and restaurants were very expensive. Spent $15.00 at breakfast cart for three little cups of orange juice!  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>cmego
<Content>Old We checked in for one night only. We were on the executive floor, and to our surprise we thought we walked back in time. The room looked like it was from the 70's. The decor, tv, bathroom. We were shocked. Not what we expected. The executive lounge was nice. Many items to choose from and nice view and updated. The pool seemed small considering the size of the so called resort. Small bar by the pool with middle aged group having a good time. There was a small band playing.We ate at the cafe. That was nice, quick and price was good too. Overall, nice on the outside and entrance, old inside and OVERRATED. For the price we paid, I would not stay here again until there is a remodel.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>3	2	1	-1	2	3	3	3	

<Author>konnihall
<Content>Gaet stay, excellent service Stayed there for 4 nights and we had a lovely time. The room was very large but a bit worn down. The service was excellent, specially the concierge guys. They totally did everything to help us out with our day trips etc. Our son got some skin rashes during our stay and instead of sending us off with a taxi to the pharmacy, one of the bell boy drove us there and offered to wait for us to drive us back. Room service and the loundry staff wen't out their way to find a teddybear our son lost but they didn't find it until we were at the airport so Maria ( laundry service ) took the airport shuttle to deliver it to us, that's good service.I would give it 5 stars if the room had been a little more fancy.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>4	5	2	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>pattieTheNetherlands
<Content>Very good hotel close to airport We had a 1 night stopover at this hotel before flying on to our next destination next evening. We booked a deluxe room and were surprised by it's size. Very large with a separate bedroom, seemed more like a junior suite. Bed was very comfortable. Excellent breakfast. Good all round service. Would definitely stay again.  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Chaser4801
<Content>Great Hotel!!! I stayed overnight at the Miami Airport Hilton before my early morning flight the next day. The shuttle from the airport was prompt and the driver very curtious.The front desk staff at check in was execellent. After a really long day of traveling check in was a breeze. The room was super clean and the AC on. ( Which is always nice). The view was amazing. The room was mostly quiet, but you could hear a plane every now and then.The hotel is set on a point between two waterways. It was relaxing watching the boats and jet skis.The outside pool area was beautiful. They had a little bar area as well and a nice walking path along the waterways.I ate in the hotel's causal restaurant. It was very good, but pricey. You do get a lot for your money. There is also a higher end restaurant but I did not eat in it.The hotel shuttle starts at 5AM, but I needed to be at the airport no later than 430AM. The front desk staff assured me that they would have a taxi on stand by for me and they did. As a single woman traveler I felt very safe here and would stay again. The hotel really does go above a beyond.  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Chunky-M0nkey
<Content>Fine by us My wife and i stayed here as a stop over having flown in to Miami.We arrived at the hotel, checked in very quickly and went to our room. It was very comfortable, all the usual ammenities you get from a Hilton. Bed was very comfortable, bathroom clean, air conditioning was quiet. The Executive lounge is OK, it was fine for a quick beer, the sports bar in the lobby had more atmosphere.The view of the sunrise on the balcony ofthe room was great.Breakfast in the lounge was a waste of time, to many people for the size of lounge, but i guess we happened to be there at a very busy time.Taking the hilton shuttle back to the airport and then catching the rental car shuttle to pick the car up was a good idea, you can then pop back to the hotel and pick you bags up, save a lot of hassle, you wont get charged for parking if your there less than two hours.We have stayed before and we will stay again, as i said its fine by us  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>aadalal
<Content>Not recommended - smells and poor service We stayed at the hotel for a couple of days in March. We had made the reservations through Hotwire which claimed that it was a 40-star hotel at a 2-star price. However, when we got to the hotel, it soon became apparent that it was no where close to a 4-star. The rooms were smelly. Also, room service was terrible - we were not ready for them when they came and told them to come again. But they assumed that we didn't want service at all.Overall, the hotel is not reasonably priced and the location is not convenient - unless you want to get to the airport.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	2	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>Good_Apples
<Content>Eh, It's Decent Stayed here for a team business trip for 2 weeks. I'm eh about this hotel. In general, most of the staff were very nice, but the hotel itself is just ok. Maybe I was expecting a higher caliber of hotel considering my company uses this place all the time. There were times when you'd call for room service and the line would be busy...then you'd call the front desk line and that was busy too! I ended up having to call the hotel front desk from my cell phone several times to get something I needed. Once I got someone, they were nice about it. The hotel itself is kind of grungy. The hallways are 80's style (much like Golden Girls like someone else said) and my room was ok. It served it's purpose. The internet service worked intermittedly, and the bathroom had a little bit of grime/mold growing in the shower grout. Oh, and someone else's hair was still stuck to the shower wall when I went to take my first shower. Most people don't notice those kinds of things, but I do.They do charge for everything...hotel tax, convention tax, occupancy tax, air tax (kidding!), parking, etc. So just check your bill to make sure everything is correct.Unfortunately, I will probably have to stay here again. Given the customer service, it totally makes up for the older property. Again, it's not a terrible hotel, just eh for what the company pays for it.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	3	2	4	4	2	

<Author>Elizabeth7
<Content>Good, convenient hotel We stayed in this very convenient airport hotel for one night after a week in the Caribbean. We found it very good, friendly staff with extensive facilities for an airport hotel.Airport shuttle very efficient and regular. We were upgraded to a suite as Hilton Diamond members, it was a really lovely room. Curved in shape with living area and quite spacious(although bathroom was small). Yes there was some noise from the planes as pointed out from another review, but you expect this from an airport hotel and it wasn't really too troublesome.The executive floor was well stocked and staff all very helpful.We ate in the restaurant for dinner and thought the buffet was good value and pretty good quality food.Would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lucyanna118
<Content>Horific in all respects My mother booked this as a day room for us, she is a travel agent.We booked the room for a day as our cruise came in early and our flight was leaving late, we had a lovely honeymoon and this stay totally ruined our last day. With this being a day room, we went to the hotel to check in at around 09:45 (we were told that we could check in at 10:00) the reception staff were very rude to us and told us we couldn't check in till 11:00, what is the point of having a DAY room then? They then changed there minds and said we could check in at 10:30, still being rude and never once apologising for the fact that they had given us the wrong time.When we eventually got to our room, it was very noisy, the corridors were filled with dirty plates e.t.c. which were still there when we left 5 hours later. The bathroom was tiny and the bath had a huge crack in it so was unusable, we had waited ages to get in, and been spoken to like 10 year olds that I felt relectant to ask to move rooms. The coffee maker was awfull, it didn't work properly. We had left our luggage in a holding area near reception, when we went to check out the porter pointed at our luggage and walked off, my husband was at the desk so I had to haul out 3 heavy cases by myself.This hotel overall lacked everything I expect a hotel to have, not much i.e Curteous staff, a clean, comfortable and servicable room and corridors and a porter that carries your luggage?? This hotel had none.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>kadita
<Content>Nice hotel We have stayed here twice before a cruise and this past time was good. We arrived late in Miami and had to wait about 45 minutes to check in to the hotel. The hotel itself is ok. It is clean but does appear to be run down in some areas. It is safe and secure as compared to some other places we stayed at in Miami. The planes are loud but you do get used to it. Everyone was helpful and the porters were great in getting us on our way to the port although they did not let us know that there was a convoy on the way and that we could have shared expenses. The scenery was beautiful and the ground were nice and well kept. We would stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	1	4	-1	

<Author>MJK from Atlanta
<Content>A nice Hilton in the flight path of the Miami airport I stayed at the airport Hilton in Miami for one night this past week on business. It was a nice, pleasant, clean Hilton at a pretty good price and I would likely stay there again although I wouldn't go out of my way to stay there again.The good: The room was standard Hilton fare. Clean, well kept and up to my expectations for a Hilton. Check-in was quick and easy, and overall the hotel was very nice.The not-so-good: I stayed on the side of the hotel that faced that water and being so close to the airport this side of the hotel overlooks (and overhears) the flight path. I always bring ear plugs when I travel so I didn't allow it to disturb my slumber, but it could have/would have had I not planned ahead.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Sunchaser56
<Content>First-rate Airport hotel Having left our cruise liner at 730 am we were whisked off to the Miami Hilton at the airport which was just 15 minutes away. Reception was polite and efficient and as the room wasn't ready we enjoyed an excellent buffet breakfast, this served to us by a charming Italian waiter. We lay by the pool for a couple of hours which was spacious and clean and offered fresh towels poolside. Nice gym and hot-tub at poolside too if you wished.Rooms were ready by 1030 and they were excellent.Took the coutesy bus to the Dolphin Mall and shopped for a few hours.....take (or in our case buy) an extra suitcase as the exchange rate really does mean you can pick up some massive savings.This hotel is a five minute ride from the terminal and I shall definitely use it again when in Miami.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Suomessa
<Content>Brrrrr..... Convenient to the airport but overdue for renovation - reminded me of the decor on the Golden Girls. I've stayed there twice, about 6 mths apart and had to move business meetings outdoors both times because we were freezing. Seriously, if you stay here, take a jacket.The gym is tiny - the pool is quite large though and nice in the evening. Plane noise is frequent and irritating if you are by the pool, but not apparent in the rooms.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>leroyk
<Content>Great staff, hotel a little worn... The hotel was pleasant with the services you would expect. I had a large room that was comfortable. The hallways and common areas are showing some wear and tear but otherwise a good stay.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>cws21
<Content>Excellent experience       view from window  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>dianemom2
<Content>Very Convenient We got a great deal on this hotel through on on-line booking site. We did not expect much based on the price we paid. We were thrilled when we arrived and saw how nice the Hilton was. It was so close to the airport that if did not need our rental car for other reasons, I would never have gotten a car. The hotel is right across the street from the airport. The doorman and luggage service were extremely nice and very efficient. At check-in the clerk was very friendly and was able to switch our room to one that was further from the elevators. My kids swam in the beautiful, heated outdoor pool and had a great t ime. There was also table tennis which they loved. They were working on the hot tub so we were not able to use it but they finished working on it just as we were leaving the pool area. Our room was spacious and very clean and nicely decorated. Beds were very comfortable although queen sized beds instead of double would have been nicer. The concierge was knowledgeable and made several good recommendations, including one fantastic restaurant for dinner. We ate breakfast in one of the hotel restaurants. It was a very good breakfast but it was a bit slow. All in all, it was a lovely hotel and I would definitely stay there again. PS Don't miss the four huge parrots in cages right near the front door. A couple of them talk and my kids were thrilled!  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ttbnf
<Content>Pretty, but not worth the price I stayed at the Hilton with some friends the night before we went on a cruise. The best thing about the hotel was the area behind the building - it was beautiful. There was a pool and bar, tables and chairs set up to look across the water and just enjoy the scenery.Other than that, it was just an ordinary hotel. Thankfully, it was clean and tidy. It is within walking distance to a few fast food restaurants, a grocery and liquor store.The next morning, our room was cleaned before checkout time, before we had checked out or removed our stuff from the room. And the cleaning lady got upset with me when I sat on the bed because it had already been made - she actually told me to get off it and not mess up the room. Apparently because everyone leaves at the same time (because of the checkout time) rule they have to clean before people leave. Every hotel has a checkout time - but I have never had a problem or been treated so rudely before. Overall, I've stayed in nicer, been treated better and didn't think this was worth the price tag.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	3	1	-1	

<Author>BNL-Loroo
<Content>Not worth the money Overpriced, noisy, smelly, dirty mess. We were too tired to think of changing hotels and picked a small suite (separate living and sleeping areas) to relax and regroup after a cruise. Didn't happen. Food options were expensive and not to our liking. I ordered a salad with the dressing on the side. Arrived with dressing literally on the side of the bowl with the lettuce. Huh?!? Needed an early flight out and there were NO breakfast options available (even a bowl of cereal). Staff seemed moderately helpful but I expected much more. I was absolutely spoiled at the Downtown Seattle Hilton but I would never stay at this one again. We also stayed at the Airport Marriott and definitely prefer it (and it was cheaper).  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	3	2	3	

<Author>Apuleius
<Content>handy for overnight stop Found this better than expected. Good quality room, decent eateries and a great pool area. But not near anything else - a bleak walk to a shopping centre. Good shuttle service to and from airport. Found this a more enjoyable experience than the Hilton Barbados which seriously underwhelmed!  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>3	4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>coolcaesar
<Content>Decent rooms, but too noisy and the place needs a renovation The first room they gave me smelled like a smoker's room even though I made it clear at the front desk that I needed a non-smoker's room. Fortunately, the second room smelled fine. The bed was pleasant and comfortable; the bathroom was immaculate and well-maintained; the furnishings and room overall were clean and in good shape. I went out to the fitness center, which is located in its own pleasant little building next to the pool and is open 24 hours. The fitness center is well equipped with a set of free weights, and multiple late-model treadmills and stairmasters, each with its own small flat-screen TV and headphones so everyone can watch what they want without bothering anyone else. The pool area, fitness center, and lobby all look fine. The major downside of this hotel, as numerous other reviewers have noted, is the proximity to the airport. Even though the place is clearly heavily soundproofed, you can clearly hear a distant roar every ten minutes (and sometimes the building shakes). I am a very deep sleeper so I don't mind, but any light sleepers would be well advised to avoid this place. The second big downside is the expensive parking. Because there is no street parking on Blue Lagoon Drive, and all the other parking lots nearby are secured private lots for various corporate office buildings, you have no choice but to pay $10 per day to park in the Hilton's lot. At least they let registered guests go in and out so it's not like you're trapped. As several people have noted, there are no major restaurants nearby (Burger King headquarters is down the street but there's no Burger King to go with it) so you will have to drive a distance if you want something other than room service or the hotel restaurant. Finally, although well-maintained, the hotel is beginning to look dated and in need of a renovation. This is especially obvious in the elevator lobbies and elevators; the control panels both in the lobbies and the elevators are clearly quite battered and need to be replaced. The elevators are also noisy and cranky.I was pleased overall considering that I got a good deal on Hotwire during a weekend when much of Miami was fully booked and the remaining hotels were charging insanely exorbitant rates. But I would not stay at this hotel if I were booking through a regular service like Expedia or Orbitz.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	1	5	3	3	3	

<Author>WebBrown
<Content>The old bait  This hotel is in serious need of a facelift. Or I should say, the rooms are in need of a face lift. When you walk into the lobby area it's very pretty and inviting. However, when you get to your room, it's a different story. Hence this review title of bait  switch. The beds are comfortable enough and the rooms are plenty large. However, the bathroom is gross and in serious need of updating. I actually saw two rooms during my stay since I asked to switch my first room and the bathrooms look edexactly the same; dingy, dirty, and badly in need of updating. The small square tiles in the shower were in need of more grout and alot of caulking was missing around the tub. The bathroom reminded you of a Motel 6. I would stay elsewhere if you can. However, if you book of priceline or hotwire the way I did, good luck to you.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	1	3	-1	-1	

<Author>jjservices
<Content>not a great hotel.... Spent a night in a one bedroom suite here...suite is big with nice size living room and big bedroom..bathoom is tiny and very dirty..the whole room gave me the impression of being dirty..do not think the drapes were ever cleaned...had room service..asked for pasta with tomato sauce for our baby and said not garlic of course the sauce was full of garlic...not a great experience with them.Bed is very comfy..but the room is noisy..and you can hear all the planes take off.Baggage service is slow..took 20 minutes from our room to the lobby...very dissaponting stay  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	1	3	2	-1	

<Author>bdh1968
<Content>Dated and Nothing Special The property is dated and really nothing special. Hilton charges extra every time you sneeze: small bottled water $3.25, internet $12, parking $20, etc. The surrounding area is a business park adjacent to Miami International Airport and a sketchy neighborhood. There are virtually no restaurants around, except at the hotels.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RocketAlameda
<Content>Like all Hiltons over priced Like all Hiltons, I found the Miami Hilton facilities to be out dated and over priced. The rate was $199 per night and I would honestly say that based on the hotel amenities and location, it was not worth $100 per night. The food and service in the restaurant hotel was second class, the gym was located in a former ball room and was dank and dark, and the room had dated furniture. This is the 5th Hilton I stayed at this year and the chain is consistently un impressive.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	-1	1	1	2	

<Author>bubbafb
<Content>Nice ... but Noisy If you are a light sleeper, this place (and probably the other hotels in the area) is not for you. Some airport hotels are not directly in the path 鈥?not this place. Well past midnight and early in the morning the planes can be heard 鈥?and loud.The HotelThis is a nice place. The lobby is well-done, the bar and restaurants look nice, there is a decent pool complex in the rear that overlooks a lagoon and the place is well maintained. The hallways to the rooms are in good shape and the hotel does not show much age. The service was very good. The roomsAbout average for a Hilton. As with most full-service Hiltons, the beds are extremely comfortable. The room was clean and laid out nice. Also not sowing much age. Air conditioning works well. TV is not HD. Bathroom is not that big but efficient.Did not use any the facilities or the restaurant. Went to the Executive Lounge (for HH members) to eat breakfast and was well stocked for breakfast. Self parking was $7Overall, a very good hotel 鈥?just beware of the noise factor. If that is a problem, stay closer to downtown, Miami Beach or in Coral Gables  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	1	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>jfmelle
<Content>One night only       Partial view of 2 double beds room  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	1	3	3	-1	1	

<Author>WeekendGetaways43
<Content>Great Mainstay Hotel for Us Have stayed a this Hilton several times. It's a great getaway for us and a good stopover for travelers. We've stayed in an Executive King/ Non-Smoking. Had a great view of the Lagoon and the Miami Skyline. The room has mini-bar, 27 inch TV, work desk area and an easy chair. This hotel has been around for a while but it remains consistently above average even though the furniture appears to be aging. The bed is Great as with all the Hilton Hotels I have stayed in.The best room we had was an Alcove Room (get an upper floor for a nice view) which is very large and also has large screen LCD TV's with wrap around sofa and easy chair - were recently updated for the previous Super Bowl when the Chicago Bears stayed here.The hotel has 14 floors with the first 11 floors having north and south wings. The top 3 floors are considered Tower Rooms and are part of the Executive and HHonors Levels. I love the Breakfast in the Executive Lounge, with Continental Breakfast fare and attentive service.I must admit though, I do not like the coffee. I think they recently changed brands and it is not very good in my opinion. Pool Bar is very good with Marco the bartender a very helpful and kind man. He was fun to talk to.The pool is great for all the family. There is a workout gym with cardio equipment and machine weights ( alas no free weights)We had the Sunday Brunch in the Coral Cafe at $25.95 per person. It is worth the price if you bring a healthy appetite. I find the regular menu a little limited in choices, but the prices are pretty good for hotel fare, as well as tasty. I did ask for variations of the main course I had requested and was quickly accommodated. Wireless internet is 9.95 per day and if service is slow, call the front desk and they will send up a device to help improve the reception ( we were in a wing room on the 11th floor)The staff here is very nice. Front desk service was quick, courteous and painless. The hotel is located not far from a Publix Super Market, CVS Pharmacy ( 24 hour) and some fast food places. Parking is $11 valet/ $7 self-park. Overall, I rate this as a Very Good Hotel with the right amenities and services to earn it a 4 star Hotel. We will return when we need a getaway, but need to remain local.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>The-Real-Zard
<Content>A very poor experience Hello! This has to be one of the worst hotels I've ever stayed at  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	2	1	1	1	

<Author>mickm23
<Content>Marco is the man Close to the airport...at times the air traffic is close...you can let it annoy you or just sit back and watch those big planes take off and land. The ambience surrounding the hotel is very tropical, and nice, the pool is very nice. The Pool bar is great, on the weekend, Marco is the bartender. He is very knowledgeable and very friendly. He may not toss bttles over his head, but he can mix a mojito to die for. Marco is the main reason we are rebooked for this november.The rooms are nice and air traffic is not an issue inside the hotel, indeed you could be on an island miles form nowhere. PS. The birds are a hoot!!!  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Yzerwing
<Content>Good quick stay I stayed one night in July 2007 at the Hilton after arriving on a late flight into MIA. The shuttle was very easy to pick up and I waited less than 2 minutes for it to arrive (good timing more than frequency of trips I think, but not sure- I think shuttles run about every 15 minutes). The shuttle picks you up at the departures level, so if you have checked luggage, you need to pick that up at the lower level and go upstairs to departures to catch the bus. The hotel itself was good. Check in was quick and painless. I was given a chocolate bar upon arrival, which was a nice treat. The wrapper of the chocolate bar advertised that the hotel had been recently renovated. I'm not sure that was true of the room I was in. While the linens and furniture may have been newer, the bathroom looked a little old and the tv was ancient. That being said, I had no problems with the room. I didn't notice any noise from the airplanes. The bed was comfortable and I didn't have any major issues for the short time I was there. I did not eat at any of the restaurants or have room service, so I can't offer any input on the food at the property.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>MaxJude06
<Content>Great overnight stay       Room view3  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>Island_Gen
<Content>Could have been loads better       Desk  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	4	3	4	

<Author>Augusttravels
<Content>Pleasant stay for an overnight       View from our window  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	4	2	

<Author>Gat0r_Fan
<Content>Quick rest stop My husband and I stayed here for a quick stop on our way to Barbados. We arrived VERY late and the front desk was quick to check us in and get our bags to our room. The room was clean and very comfortable. The water pressure of the shower was great and the bathroom size was average. Our only gripe of this property is your requirement to pay for parking.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>tcufan12
<Content>Nice Hotel, Horrible Service The hotel is very nice and has a great location. However, we had the worst service ever in the cafe. I've never experienced worse customer service in my life. Don't be surprised if you experience the same thing if you eat there.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	2	5	

<Author>ChaunceyGardiner
<Content>Convenient location, solid airport hotel鈥?#x201d; Had less than 12 hours total here, transiting from San Juan to back home. Arrived around 7:30p; hotel shuttle came within 10 minutes of my stepping onto the curb at the airport鈥?as per prior posters, do note that hotel shuttles pick up and drop off on Departures level! This means schlepping bags back upstairs from baggage claim.Check in was friendly. I had reserved a king/non-smoking, and reiterated this request at the desk鈥?the gentleman had no king beds, so I asked if I could at least get an airport view鈥?none available, so he upgraded me to Concierge floor鈥?unexpected, as I鈥檝e just fallen back to Blue level at Hilton.My room, with two double beds, was nicely appointed, and certainly clean. Bed linens were sharp looking and quite comfy, sufficient and high quality pillows. Wifi signal was strong. Bathroom stuff was Crabtree  Evelyn.I visited the Concierge lounge around 8:30p, and the hostess was just starting to break down the hors d鈥檕uerves鈥?but she stopped when I came in. I had a really nice appetizer here of coconut fried shrimp and a glass of reasonable, but not great, white wine. I went back to the lobby to get a postcard to send to Kiddo, and was stunned at the absolute scrum in the lobby. HUNDREDS of people, all in formal wear鈥?turns out they were hosting both a high school prom AND a very large wedding reception. I ducked into the deserted The Cove restaurant, where I had a tasty appetizer. Service was crisp and friendly. I was up at 5:30a, and, although they didn鈥檛 open until 6-something, the hostess at concierge lounge connected me with coffee around 5:50a鈥?nice, because she certainly had the option of sending me away until they opened. I went back around 7a and the breakfast spread looked pretty good. They have a pc/printer in the lounge where boarding passes can be printed.Checked out and was on the 7:30a shuttle bus, and away.Solid hotel鈥?I counted 18 consecutive AAA 4-Diamond awards on the wall in the lobby, so they鈥檙e obviously doing things consistently well. I was pleased with the overnight, and would be happy to return if I needed to transit MIA. Employees uniformly helpful and crisp, and the public spaces looked pretty sharp. Good bed, clean room. Not sure how convenient this would be as a Miami business destination, but as airport hotels go, this was really good. If you were doing a night pre- or post-cruise, would be very good.  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Globetrotter900
<Content>Too few elevators The Hilton Miami Airport lacks sufficient elevators and wait times can be a bit long. A hotel of this size needs at least twice the number of elevators. Otherwise, service was perfect, reliable, dependable Hilton quality.  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	5	3	4	5	3	

<Author>jatravel
<Content>Decent hotel in central location I stayed at the hotel on a business trip for three nights. The room was just average (the walls were a bit dingy and the carpeting had some stains and needed to be better vaccuumed). Looked like it needed a general update. The bathroom was pretty out of date and the tub surround could have been a little cleaner. The hotel staff was nice and the restaurant was superb. I ate about five meals at the hotel both through room service and in the restaurant. Although pricey, it was high quality. The location was central (10 minutes from the airport, 15 from U of Miami, 45 from Ft. Lauderdale). A collegue had a suite which was very nice and appeared to be newly remodeled with several rooms. The best part about my room was definitely the beds. Extremely comfortable. Rooms go quickly in Miami in the spring, so reserve early to get a low rate. With 1.5 weeks notice we paid on average around $200 plus tax directly through the hotel. Weekend rates were cheaper by about $70. There was also a free shuttle to the airport that runs every 15 minutes.  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	2	3	3	3	

<Author>Travel_Anne_JA
<Content>ROBBED by HIlton Miami Airport I spent one night at the Hilton Miami Airport. The room and the food were ok. Not special. The bad customer service however prompted me to write this review.The room was booked through my company. When I arrived I was asked for a credit card to cover any expenses. I told them I would settle the bill by cash in the morning. Upon checkout I did. I asked how I would ensure that the payment was not debited to my account as some other hotels print me a cancellation of charges. I was told not to worry, it would not be charged.Today I am blissfully enjoying my vacation when I receieve notification that not only was my card charged, so too was my company account!!I called and got a rather RUDE man in accounts who asked me if I don't know how credit cards work. His name was Mr. Fahd and he needs retraining in how to talk to customers!! So as at right now Hilton Miami Airport has been paid not once, not twice but THREE times for my stay. If this is Hilton policy it needs to be changed!! No one told me they would debit the funds anyway.. despite the fact that I said I wanted to settle by cash.He claims I will see the charges reversed in 4-5 working days but I remain UNAMUSED and out of my funds.I won't be staying at the Hiton again anytime soon.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lttravel92
<Content>Great 1 night stay Stayed at the Hilton 1 day prior to a cruise. We used the shuttle from the airport were we only waited 2-3 minutes for a shuttle. Arrived early enough to enjoy the enormous, heated pool all to ourselves. Rooms were very clean, asked for adjoining rooms and everything was as requested. Beds were very comfortable, room was very clean. Front desk check-in was quick, friendly and helpful. Did use the exercise room and while it was small it was functional. Would recommend the hotel prior to a cruise, cabs were easy to obtain outside the hotel.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>kiddogo
<Content>Good for Business Travel Stayed here the night before a business meeting in Miami. Close to the airport, odd that you have to wait at arrivals for the shuttle to the hotel. Quck trip about 5 minutes. Hotel is large and more for business meetings. Executive lounge is small but functional. Rooms are spacious and I had a nice view of Miami. Food at the bar was very lame, did not try the restaurants. Cabs stay at the hotel so transportation is easy. Gym was small and you have to walk outside to get their...not cool in the rain. Pool area is large.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>5WW
<Content>Convenient and comfortable stopover Flying in late from London, we just wanted to get to a bed as quickly and painlessly as possible. The hotel runs a frequent shuttle service and the journey is short. The reception was efficient an we were in our generously sized room quickly. After a quick swim and bite to eat, we slept like babies.Yes you can hear the planes, I'm not sure we would have heard a squadron of fighter jets though.Morning check out was efficient, the bill very reasonable- we flew on to Mexico, ready to really get into our holiday. Good job Hilton.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jp7541
<Content>Good hotel for a stopover Free shuttle from Airport to Hotel is a nice touch, although there is some confusion as to whether it runs 24hrs or stops after 0200. They need to make this more clear. Check in late at night can take a while - only a handful of staff around on the check in desk, so when the shuttle drops off it passengers it can take a while to check in.However once checked in there were no problems. Room was fine. Clean, light and well equipped. The sound proofing from the rooms is ok, but you can still hear the planes sometimes.The facilities are good too. Unfortunately we weren't there long enough to use the pool, but looked very nice.Location-wise, i found it wasnt close to anything, apart from the airport, so wouldnt recommend staying here if you've come to see the sights of miami, unless you are willing to pay for taxis.Overall, its a good hotel, but one used for business or the layover at miami rather than one used for vactioning in miami  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Southjam
<Content>Loved the Hilton I arrived several hours early for my two night stay, and the Hilton's staff made every effort to get me checked in early. My room was clean and modern, I was aware the hotel was built in the late 30's and the last full renovation being in 97' I was prepared for a slightly warned appearance, but I have to say I was totally incorrect, very well kept hotel. The staff was pleasant and very helpful. I look forward to my next visit.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kymz67vn
<Content>think twice . We had two days prior to our cruise departure so we decided to stay here because of the proximity to the airport and port. Our stay was 2/9-2/11. From the moment we arrived I knew that this was not worth the 200 per night. The front desk assistance was rude. No one offered any assistance with our bags until we asked for assistance. The room for the price offered was just basic. However, the bed was the most comfortable I have ever slept in. I dont think anyone had command of the english language (if they did they pretended like they didnt). At check out we still receivied the same rude service as when checkng in. I had the impression that I was doing everyone a favor by staying there and I was a minor inonvenience.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	5	3	1	1	3	

<Author>jimpeterson
<Content>Excellent for Business Travel I just stayed here and I was very pleased. I saw a previous review that said the service was bad. I carry my own bags and would rather the staff didn't look at me much less smile at me.I love that the room service is 24x7. Whenever I am in another city and need this service, it isn't available.The bed was an excellent premium Hilton bed. Top of the line.The restaurant was great for dinner, breakfast, and a snack via room service. They didn't seem to mind that we used a table for a meeting later in the day and only ordered a few drinks. (We left a big tip)Everything was clean. Standard TV. Not too small, not flat panel HDTV.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jana06
<Content>Someone please smile I booked a Saturday night stay here using my Hilton honors rewards prior to embarking on a cruise. As a frequent business and leisure traveler, I noticed several issues which set this property apart from others in a negative way mostly related to the service and staff. I was not offered assistance with my bags when entering the hotel, despite trying to juggle 3 bags. I was not greeted in a friendly manner, but rather an expressionless reception with just the basic information communicated. The room was average and clean. I did have access to the Executive lounge which was OK and had both hot and cold finger foods available for happy hour (note: they charge $3.50 for wine/beer/cocktails, other beverages are free). The pool area was OK, but filled with bored looking folks just wishing to be somewhere else. The pool bartender oscillated somewhere between curt and proactively rude. The concierge was clueless when it came to asking about the best way to the cruise terminal. I had to flag down someone to hold my bags past check-out and then the process of getting the bags to a cab was an exercise in patience for the incompetence and rudeness demonstrated by the bell hops. The service was simply unacceptable and lousy, not a single friendly gesture among the staff apart from the young woman staffing the Executive lounge who was not necessarily friendly rather just unoffensive. I would not recommend this hotel for anyone unless it's the only one in town and you need to be by the airport and someone else is footing the bill; otherwise you'll be disappointed by the lack of caliber of service you would expect at a Hilton property. Being a Northerern who now lives in the South, I know that there is a perception that Northerners are rude, but this experience at the Miami Hilton airport was far worse from anything I've experienced in the North.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	3	3	2	1	3	

<Author>fedsparents
<Content>Great Stay at Miami Airport Hilton We traveled to Miami for the superbowl weekend. We originally booked our stay at the Homestead Studio Suites, but from the looks of the reception area we decided to look elsewhere. We decided to try the Hilton near the airport eventhough we were previously told they were booked solid (the Chicago Bears were staying there!). We went to the front desk and asked for a room. Not only did we get a room but they upgraded us to a suite at no extra charge. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful through out our stay. The room was worth the increased price they were charging because it was superbowl weekend. We stayed on the 14th floor overlooking the pool and bay. The bed was so comfortable we felt like we were sleeping on clouds. The bathroom had a nice big bathtub. There were couches and flat screen tvs everywhere. The pool and jacuzzi was very nice. This hotel is well worth any price. To our surprise you can even purchase just about everything in the Hilton rooms thru their website. My husband and I are actually thinking about purchasing the mattress (I am not kidding, it was that comfortable!) We would absolutely stay here again!  
<Date>Feb 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>boss233811
<Content>Recommended... Got the $99 rate so was wondering what to expect - have to say I was extremely satisfied with this hotel. It is VERY close to airport so dont book if you are a light sleeper, but personally i love to watch planes land and take off. The lagoon outside the hotel is beautiful. Yes, they are renovating but our older room was still in good shape. Staff were very helpful! At check in the receptionist tried to upgrade me as a Hilton Hons member, dont think it actually made much diffference but its nice to see the effort. The location is great with highway access so makes for a good base in Miami area.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Krissy80
<Content>They overbooked and sent us to another hotel! We arrived at this hotel at 12:30 a.m after a late flight. Although our room was guaranteed for late arrival when we got there, the woman told us that they overbooked the hotel since a tour group wanted to stay longer! So we had to get back in the shuttle and she sent us to the Homewood hotel down the street. She said that the hotel was comparabale, but it wasn't at all. Maybe a 2 1/2 star. There was no discount and no apology. Nothing. What kind of hotel overbooks? They had our money regardless whether we showed up or not. We are not pleased and will write to Hilton customer service.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>B787
<Content>Great Staff! Ok first things first, I wouldn't recomend it if you're staying with kids for a week on a Miami Beach vacation...not really the type of hotel this is; BUT, for short or overnight stays its extremeley confortable and close to the airport with free shuttles every 15 minutes from 5am-1am. The check in staff was great, very friendly and the young man that checked us in (alejandro) he was very nice and made us feel just at home. I would defenetly come back again, good job Hilton.  
<Date>Dec 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Avalancheman
<Content>A bit better than expected Was givien this room over a weekend from a trip we had won.Not a bad stay at all. Room was very clean (although slightly outdated styles) and the bathroom was large (although, again, it was showing it's age slightly). The bed was amazingly comfortable - I think it was the best we had ever slept on. The Cove Restaurant was perfect - great food, great service, and quiet. It was a bit pricey but worth it. The pool was cold but clean and big. The water (blue lagoon) around the property was nice being it was not an ocean front hotel - on the contrary... it is a stones throw from the runways of Miami Inter. Airport. In all honesty, in the room, with the air or vent on, we could barely hear the planes - outside it was quite loud. Overall, very pleased with this property. If we had our choice, we would probably stay elsewhere on a leisure trip, but for business stays, conventions or meetings - I highly recommend it.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>morganstoli
<Content>good layover stay We stayed here overnight on our trip from st lucia back to San Antonio. WE had an executive tower room. The room itself was average, the ac wasnt working too great but nothing to really complain about. We ate at the cheaper of the two restruants located in the lobby. The food was pretty good and cheaper than what I would expect for a place in a hilton. The bed was amazing and I fell right asleep when I went to bed. The breaktfast in the executive room was pretty good. It was a great start to the day and I would recommend staying here overnight again.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2006
<Rating>4	2	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>JeniG
<Content>A convenient airport option. My husband and I spent one night at Miami Airport Hilton prior to flying to the Caribbean. The hotel is very large and convenient to the airport. We arrived around 12p having been delayed flying from DFW. While the hotel shuttle didn't arrive within about 15 minutes a driver from another hotel offered to drive us there for tips, which we appreciated because of the late hour.We were upgraded to a huge suite with very large bedroom and living area. Had we been staying for longer we could certainly have got used to the size of the room. Unfortunately when we arrived the main light switch didn't work and we had to turn all lamps on seperately to illuminate the room. The decor was typical Florida style although needed some updating. The bathroom was fairly large.We had amazing views of the airport, although I was concerned that the aircraft noise would keep us awake. This didn't end up being a problem though.We had complimentary breakfast in the Executive lounge, which set us up for the day nicely. We caught the airport shuttle back to the Airport in the morning which was convenient for us. We would certainly stay at the Hilton again, although to be honest it is nothing special.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>pamtheeditor
<Content>Terrible hotel--not customer service oriented had noise problems with room next door--took three hours of complaining before they moved us to a new room--then, Security knocks on our door at 230 in the morning for some unknown reason! Said they couldn't move us because they didn't have the housekeeping staff' to do so. A nightmare--plus, the hotel charges for EVERYTHING--couldn't use the luggage cart to take our luggage in unless the bellboy helped us, wanted to charge $9.95 for the Internet, $5.00 per 10 minutes in the business center. An absolutely horrible experience--am cancelling my Hilton Honors because of this experience. Miserable.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2006
<Rating>1	1	3	4	4	3	1	1	

<Author>waterfall1824
<Content>not bad for a overnight stay this hotel wasn't bad for an overnight stay on sept 22nd. we were leaving on a cruise the next day. i would not stay for an extended stay as it was too close to the airport. they also had a machine to make loud birds sounds, i guess to keep the real birds away. well the planes and the machinacle bird sounds kept me up that night. the room itself was nice and clean and quite spacious. it was on the floor with the executive lounge which we had access to as diamond members. the only problem there was that not all was included for example the drinks where as they are included in most hilton executive lounges. we did eat dinner and the following morning breakfast in their restaurant. it really was pretty good.i hope this helps anyone planning to stay here make that decision. email me with any questions.waterfall1824@aol.com  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>KarlMoosbrugger
<Content>nice place to stay Arrived after midnight in MIA and was please to find out that their shuttle service operates throughout the night. Driver was very friendly and helped with our luggage. Pleasant hotel staff, excellent service and big, comfy rooms. Compared to some ther places near the airport excellent value for money. Will definitely stay there again on my next trip.Karl Moosbrugger  
<Date>Oct 2, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MegN
<Content>Not so good Stayed here for four nights for business. The first night I checked in late and went up to my room to find a broken phone and broken lamp...and dirty room (a lot of black short straight hair in the sink...I'm blonde and just got in the room). Musty smell and overall not real clean. Ate at the hotel restaurant the next night, it was awful. After that the room was cleaned somewhat better, but on our last night we decided to go to South Beach...went to the concierge desk to ask for directions...he blazed through his non-directions of just take the highway and exit.......kept saying it wasn't a big deal...didn't really stop to give real directions, then my favorite part, how about a place to eat (he IS a concierge correct?). His response, there are a lot of restaurants, you can't miss them. When we pressed further we got a response that they are all good. Big help. And we got lost. And yes, you can definately hear the planes. Overall, not so good. I would not return as there are too many better options.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	1	2	2	2	2	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Decent Airport Hotel We stayed this hotel to save some airfare, drove down from Orlando to catch a flight out from Miami. Parking - no problem. DId the park and fly, no issues, no hassle, paid up front, showed my receipt when we left, and we were off.Room - on the 1st night we got upgraded to a suite, which was nice as we had our 2 year old son with us. Nice balcony overlooking the lake. Yes, it is a bit noisy in the rooms because it is right next to the airport, but, the reason we were staying there is because it was right next to the airport! Clean room, great beds.Staff- very nice. Manager remembered us from our stay a week earlier, and was very cordial. Very professional staff, shuttle drivers very courteous.This is NOT a place you would stay on vacation- yes they have a pool, but this is a hotel for business travellers. I would NEVER consider staying here for vacation, because I dont want to hear planes taking off all day and into the night. I wanted a hotel that was easy to get to, close to the airport, and a Hilton property. This fills the bill.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Luvvaca
<Content>Hilton DISASTER Arranged a business meeting to be held at the Miami Airport Hilton. Reserved several sleeping rooms for meeting attendees and for a meeting room.Good news - prices were reasonableBad news - Sleeping rooms - The bathtub in my sleeping room had been used by someone - as there was used bath water standing in the tub. I called the front desk - they said they would send someone up at 6:45 am to clean it so that I could shower before my big meeting. I called at 6:47 am to verify that someone was coming. Rude man at the front desk said there were no notes to send someone, but he would send someone. 7:00 am - still no housekeeper - called again. Woman at front desk said she would send someone to clean. 7:15 am - maintenance man shows up - he can't clean but can fix. Will call for a housekeeper.7:30 am - called again - Rude man answered front desk again. He said there was no one to send to clean my bathtub because house keeping didn't start services until 8 am. Problem was - my meeting was to start at 8 and I was running it. Due to problems with the meeting room (to follow) I was unable to get in to set up the night before, so had hoped to set up early before meeting.7:35 am - housekeeper came to clean bathroom and said it wasn't her fault because this was not her floor to clean.Bad News - Meeting RoomsWhen setting up the room I asked several quesetions:Does the room have wireless internet connections - Answer - yes, of course. Question - Is there a printer available - Answer - yes for a rental fee. Question - Can I get the printer the night before so I can set it up with my laptop - Answer - yes, just ask for it when you check in. Can I get into the room early to set up the room for the meeting - sure.When I arrived - Can I get the printer upon check in - No, sorry, no one has a key to the A/V room.Can I get into the room early to set it up for the meeting - No - it will be opened at 8 amPrinter was delivered with wrong cable - unable to use for first hour of meetingWireless internet didn't seem to be working - called Taya (manager of meeting rooms) - she said I didn't state that I wanted to use the wireless internet, I only asked if they had it. There was a charge of $225 for that and since I didn't ask, she didn't tell me and did not charge me for it, so I couldn't get it.GIVE ME A BREAK!!I'll NEVER set up another business meeting at the Hilton - EVER!  
<Date>Jun 2, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>barl16
<Content>A Great Place for a Layover I have stayed at this hotel several times and am never disappointed. The free shuttle to and from the airport is an added plus, as is the $5 r/t shuttle to the Dolphin Mall that picks you up right in front of the hotel.The rooms are spacious clean and well appointed. The beds are gloriously comfortable. The pool is well maintained and popular with the guests. The Sunday brunch is to die for with an electic array of foods including breakfast and lunch items. There is Mexican, Japanese, Latin and other types of food at the brunch. Room service is also very efficient. The fitness room is smalll and does not have free weights but there is cardio equipment and some other machines.Staff is friendly and helpful. Simon at the Lobby Bar is always a good time and a wonderfully attentive server.My only complaint is that the walls are paper thin and you can hear you neighbors talking even if they are not talking particularly loud. Also you can hear every noise in the hallway. I found this noise to be much more annoying than the occasional sound of planes overhead. I am sure that planes were flying all night but I really didn' hear them.All in all this is a great place to stay.  
<Date>May 29, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Jersey2005
<Content>Great Experience We stayed here on Hilton Honors points on the way home from the keys so we could catch an early flight home.While we only slept there, from check in to check out went very smooth. The lobby was beautiful and the room was large, clean and very inviting. The beds/bedding were a dream to sleep on.  
<Date>May 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TravelingTraveler
<Content>Great all-around hotel We had a great stay at this Hilton.The original room on a high floor they assigned to us was still dirty when we went up there. So the front desk assigned us to a suite on a lower floor that was ready immediately. It was spacious, the bed was very plush and comfy and the sound of the airplanes didn't wake us at night.The gym was nice, although a bit hot from the sun streaming in the full length windows.The executive lounge was a bit small but a nice place to relax. The fact that you have to pay for your drinks struck us as a bit unusual since we have been to these Hilton/Conrad lounges around the world and never been charged for drinks.The staff were courteous and efficient. All in all, a very nice hotel and a very nice stay.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never Again We stayed at the Miami Hilton overnight before flying home after returning from Costa Rica and Panama. We spent over $200 to stay someplace where we expected to get some rest and good service after a trip through Costa Rica and Panama. We wanted to be close to the airport to catch our flight the next day. There was nobody to help us with our heavy duffle bags as we got off the shuttle with our with large packs on our backs. We dragged our stuff up to check-in and nobody seemed to care that we were struggling with the luggage although we looked around for help for a while. When we finally managed to get our luggage to the room, it turned out to be a smoking room. We went back to the desk to see if we could get the non-smoking room that we had reserved and were treated rather curtly and told that there are no guarantees; no apologies or anything. My husband went to the concierge to ask why there had been no help with luggage (we were concerned about getting it back downstairs the next day) and was told that the hotel could not help us bring in our luggage because they were helping customers in the hotel (well we were customer too!). Again, we got just a lame excuse but no apologies. After cleaning up, we went to the cafe for supper where we sat for fifteen minutes before finally asking if there was a waiter who could help us. The next morning instead of getting the sleep that we were hoping for, we were waked by a maid at 7:15 who was going down the corridor banging loudly on the doors asking us if we were ready to have our rooms cleaned. So much for a reasonable sleep after hours of travel.We travel frequently but not only would I never recommend staying at the Hilton Miami Airport; I have reservations about any Hilton because of the terrible customer service we experienced. We've stayed at many small hotels with infinitely better service.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2006
<Rating>2	1	4	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Thiefs work there! Seemed like a nice hotel although a rented DVD player dissappeared between the front desk and our room off the bell cart. When I informed the Front desk, they seemed not too concerned and security dept. didnt have any answers either. Hotel manager avoided my calls and referred me to their insurance company who were even more unresponsive! I expected some reimbursement (since paying for the rented DVD player and movies ended up costing more than a $1000.00) and never even received an offer of apology, free night/meal NOTHING! The insurance company finally stated that there was nothing they could do, and this was after leaving 17 message with the agent. They have a great scam going on at this hotel, avoid it at all costs!!!  
<Date>Mar 5, 2006
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Hilton Four of us stayed at the Hilton for the Orange Bowl and thought it was wonderful. The reviews helped us to choose this hotel and they were all good. Great choice  
<Date>Jan 21, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good overnight hotel This is an ideal stop over hotel, very close to airport, quick check in, good size, clean rooms and very comfortable beds. We had booked a room a few months before we departed but on the advice i had read on other reviews I checked rates just before we left and got a cheaper rate, approx 25% cheaper and an upgrade to an executive towers rooms. The executive lounge is very small with not a lot of seating, it does get very crowded for breakfast. However it is worth the exra few dollars so i would recommend it.The pool and grounds were well kept. We didn't experience much noise certainly not enough to wake us but i think it depends on where your room is.I wouldn't want to stay more than a day or 2 but for an overnight it was good.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>joparke
<Content>Decent but not so great       the view from the pool  
<Date>Dec 7, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>autumns1stangel
<Content>Poor at best We stayed here as part of an overnight following a carnival cruise. We hadn't chosen this, but since Carnival couldn't get us air back on the day the cruise debarked, they put us up in the Hilton for one night. On the surface, this sounded wonderful - an extra day of vacation, right? No way! We hadn't even gotten off the bus from the pier when the representative from Hilton climbed on the bus to inform us that we wouldn't be able to check in until 3:00 PM at the earliest - it was 11:30 AM at this point. Now, I understand check-in times, etc., but my concern was with how our luggage was handled... All luggage from many cruise ships was piled into a large holding area - no claim checks, no security, etc. Just put your stuff here and hope and pray that no one takes it - now goodbye until 3:00. Please don't let the door hit you in the behind on they way out. That's exactly how I felt we were being treated!OK, so now having deposited our luggage in the holding area, my sons and I decided to go to the Dolphin Mall for several hours to kill time... We come back at 3:30 to check in and now have to stand in line for a good half hour to check in since they are now trying to check in hundreds of cruise passengers with only three people on staff. Nice.The staff in the bar was nice - after all this experience I definitely needed a drink! I liked Ian very much - nice guy. OK, the noise! If your idea of a great hotel is one where you are awakened at irregular intervals by decibel levels that rival a heavy metal concert, then this place is paradise! I'm not joking.... I read the other reviews and don't know how they can say the noise wasn't bad - it's by far the noisiest hotel I have ever stayed at.If I ever find myself in Miami again, I will definitely steer clear of here.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>mlmench
<Content>Wonderful Bed I only stayed here for an overnight layover, but the rooms were wonderful. They had very comfortable beds, perfect for a layover stay =) The airport shuttle was also very convenient.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just what we needed Stayed at the Miami Hilton for a one night stay on the first night of a 2 week Florida holiday and it was just what we needed. Arrived from London and wanted to have a nights rest before picking up our hire car and going on our way. Checking in was easy, and the staff were very helpful, the room was really spacious, clean and we heard no aircraft noise at all. Had a walk in the grounds which were well kept and great to stretch your legs after a flight. We ate in the restaurant which wasn;t brilliant but was certainly very satisfactory so no complaints, friendly staff too.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>dje
<Content>Thumbs up on the Hiton Miami Airport Just returned from the Hilton Miami Airport after a 2-night stay. Airport is conveniently located near the airport, about a 10 min drive. Parking costs $7.00/night for self-park, and they also have valet. Property is in great shape and is located at the end of a peninsula on what appears to be a man-made lake. Try to get the rooms facing East so you can look over the water. Rooms are well-furnished and huge! Beds are similar to Westin's Heavenly bed and a nice touch, which I found unique, was that they eliminated the bed spreads (which I'm guessing are rarely laundered at most hotels). They have wireless high-speed internet access for $9.95/day as well. It was a bit spotty at times, but it may have been my laptop.We didn't get a chance to explore the rest of the hotel, but it seems to be very well maintained overall.  
<Date>May 15, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WorldTraveller-Bajan
<Content>Great for a lay over The Hilton is a very nice hotel and located less than 10 minutes away from Miami International airport. They do provide a shuttle service as well.The lobby is very elegant and the concierge who assisted us was very gracious. Outside were four macaws, one of whom whistled La cucaracha!The first night we stayed on the 9th floor, the room was spacious and clean. I had a view of the airport on one side and a bit of the lagoon on the other side. The second time I stayed there, I was on the 12th floor and that room faced the lagoon. Interestingly enough, the bed in that room was fabulous, so comfy!If you are staying here though, some suggestions:(1) Get a room on the 11th or 12th floor just for the comfort of the bed especially if you are there for more than a night. The 12th floor also gives you free access to their lounge above(2) Sound passes through the rooms so you do hear some of the airport runway noise and also movements from the next door rooms. It usually isn't too loud though(3) Some of their staff can be abrupt (bordering on unfriendly) while others are nice.All in all a short but enjoyable stay  
<Date>May 13, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>AstridWilson
<Content>More then one night, for business or pleasure, spring for a beach front hotel.       85th Street Beach  
<Date>Apr 23, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Key Traveler
<Content>Enjoy! We booked this hotel for a Saturday and Sunday stay (Jan 1  2) before leaving for a cruise. Although we were disappointed that we didn't book closer to South Beach this hotel was well priced compared to SoBe. And it didn't stop us from enjoying SoBe both days. Arriving very early and hungry, the hotel held all our bags while we enjoyed the breakfast bar and restaurant. Afterwards, officially starting our vacation we laid in the sun by the pool, watched planes taking off, read magazines, and sipped cocktails ordered from the outdoor bar. After some time passed we checked in. The front desk was very helpful when we discovered we forgot to book an extra fifth room for our large group. Being New Year's Day AND a weekend made all of us nervous. In the end the hotel arranged for the extra room with no one having to share. The staff was very friendly, the rooms were very clean and the bedding very comfortable. We never noticed planes during the night. The food was good both in restaurant and room service. The Sunday Brunch was a pleasant surprise and quite excellent. If you can manage to stay on Sunday, do so for the delicious elegant Sunday brunch with all the mimosas you can get away with. This Hilton Hotel is definitely recommended if flying into Miami. Enjoy!  
<Date>Mar 4, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SHAW
<Content>Great Hotel We stayed at the Hilton Miami Airport for two nights prior to a cruise in Feb,2005  would stay at this hotel again. The hotel is very clean  well maintained, with very nice grounds  large pool. We found the Coral Cafe to have resonable food prices  if you wanted fine dinning there was also a restaurant for that as well. The lobby is very nice  open with the restaurants  bar a few steps away. The rooms although not fancy were very nice  clean. We also found all the staff to be very helpfull  friendly. Although you could hear the planes from the airport in the daytime it wasn't loud enough that it bothered us  at night we never noticed them at all.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Pospischil
<Content>we enjoyed our stay we stayed during new years change 2004/2005 for two nights in the Hilton.we found absolutely nothing to complain about.The staff is competent, friendly and helpfull.The room was large, clean and had a phantastic view on Miami.The breakfast-buffet and dinner was very good and is recommendable.The pool and fitnesscenter were very nice but the pool looks on the hotel-pictures larger.There is no problem with the noise from the near airport, you hear nothing inside the hotel; but you certainly do at the pool.we enjoyed our stay in this hilton and will definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>moodyblue
<Content>Mixed feelings I recently finished a 4 night stay at the Miami Airport Hilton. Some aspects of my stay were quite pleasant, and others were clearly not. I had some concern about staying here due to the proximity to the airport. However previous reviews seemed to indicate that this wouldn't be a problem. Well, I really beg to differ! If you have a room facing the airport, you WILL hear airplane noise, and a lot of it. To the hotels credit, they have double pane windows, but that just didn't make much of a difference. I can say from personal experience that there are multiple take-offs as late as midnight and starting as early as 6 am. And on my last night there, I know that there was at least one plane taking off at 3 am. Maybe a room on the back side won't be as noisy, but I wouldn't bet on that. I had a very nice corner suite with a fantastic panaroma view of Miami to the east. The problem there would be for those who want to sleep late. I had to get up early so it wasn't a problem for me, but I could imagine the sun would be quite intense for those hoping to sleep late. The geography might be rough, but those who are light and noise sensitive, should try for a room facing south (away from the airport) and facing west. Due to my lack of desire to go out and eat, I ate at both hotel restaurants. The food was pretty average, but what bothered me more is that for being in south Florida, the menu had virtually nothing on it to highlight nuevo latino cuisine. They could have done so much to provide some exotic dishes, but the menu was pretty much what I'd expect to see in Kansas City. I had access to the towers lounge and both the breakfast and evening spread were also quite average (though free). Alchoholic drinks did cost money, but that seemed to be done on the honor system. It also bothered me that I received no recognition for being a Hilton Hhonors Diamond member. One night out of the four, I had turn down service. What happened to the other three nights? And, though the room was officially listed as non-smoking, the smell of stale cigarette smoke was unmistakable. Would I stay there again? For one night - yes; multiple nights - no.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>timelvis
<Content>Great pre-cruise stop over We booked a Carnival Cruise for Christmas including airfare. Our flight got us into Miami the night before the cruise (Dec. 18). The cruise line put us up at the Miami Hilton along with several hundred other cruisers. I was pleasantly suprised by the hotel. Check-in was a breeze, the hotel lobby was attractive and inviting. The room was spacious (although there wasn't much of a view). We weren't bothered by airplane noise from the nearby airport. I've had some bad experiences at hotel's in Miami so this was a welcome change.We enjoyed walking along the nearby lagoon. There was a nice bar off the lobby that was comfortable. We ate dinner at the nicer restaurant in the hotel. It was pricey, but well prepared and presented. The cruise lines allowed us to check in for the cruise in the lobby the next morning. Although it was a bit disorganized (not the hotel's fault), we left feeling rested and relaxed and ready for a week in the Caribbean. If you have to stay at a hotel near the airport or are booking a pre-cruise stay, I recommend the Hilton Miami Airport.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not bad, clean, good service, good price for a Hilton hotel The airport noise level was tolerable. If you have children beware of the door stoppers they are literally a chunk of steel protruding through the carpet, heck, even if you don't have children, I did hurt myself on one of the three in my room. Not all rooms have them so check ahead of unpacking. They have an awesome Sunday brunch and the service was good overall.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fine hotel for a quick visit Booked a one night pre-cruise stay as our flight into Miami did not arrive until 10:00 p.m. We were basically looking for a nice, clean, safe place to stay for one night that offered 24 hour room service. Complimentary airport shuttle to hotel was terrific. We didn't wait more than 5 minutes before it arrived at the airport for pickup. Delivered us to the hotel front entrance within 10 minutes. Check-in was courteous, and professional. The room was clean and spacious, including the bathroom. Not fancy, but certainly not shabby. Room service ordered at 11 p.m. arrived in 20 minutes and was perfect. Noise was not an issue at all. Once in awhile you could hear the faint sound of a loud plane, but for the most part we forgot the airport was so close by. Booked our room on the Hilton website for the Bounceback rate, which included full buffet breakfast for two. Breakfast buffet was very nice and a great value for the extra $5.00 per person in the room rate. We enjoyed the pretty pool area and spa after breakfast. Pool water temperature could be heated a bit more, but the spa was wonderfully warm and soothing. The hotel also has a small gym and sauna next to the pool area. The concierge booked us a shuttle to the Port of Miami cruise pier for $8.00 per person which worked very well for us. All in all, no complaints. I would recommend this hotel to pre-cruise travelers or for those who need to stay overnight near the Miami International Airport.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2004
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good for an overnight stay before flying home A bit disappointed with the hotel - thought it would be much more luxerious and modern than it was. Check in was terrible - you cannot check in early so we had to wait for 5 hours before getting a room - and it was hot outside!!! Pool area was nice with plenty of loungers and towels. Prices for soft drinks was very expensive, as was pretty much everything else - but it is the Hilton I need to remind myself! Room was okay - comfy bed but very dated. Literally across from runway of Airport so planes coming and going but I couldnt hear them much in the room. Lunch was nice, Breakfast horrible and dinner very big!! Not close to Miami Beach or the attractions so good for saty before flying home - not for a weeks holiday.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very disapointed   showReview(2795242, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 29, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>spunkster
<Content>Excellent Airport Hotel   showReview(2756416, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent choice for an overnight stay!   showReview(2698746, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 12, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ok digs, terrible service   showReview(2592861, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 22, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Airport Hotel   showReview(2381714, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>reick
<Content>Good Hotel.   showReview(1881918, 'full');   
<Date>May 7, 2004
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>DFGA
<Content>Party or sit in your room?   showReview(1749993, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 28, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>As good an airport hotel as you'll find   showReview(1493953, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 20, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Delightful setting if the planes dont't bother you   showReview(1434149, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 2, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Views with Noisy Rooms   showReview(850454, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 30, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Hondurastravelmaker
<Content>Relax y descanso para una noche en tr谩nsito       Vista general habitacion (cama king)  
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gutes, preiswertes Hotel   showReview(17440876, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sch枚nes Flughafenhotel   showReview(16602343, 'full');   
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇娿倱銇笺倣銉掋儷銉堛兂   showReview(19171098, 'full');   
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>veramente buono   showReview(14729945, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(13192957, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel trop bruyant   showReview(13192955, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11435028, 'full');   
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Urlaub gelungen   showReview(11382296, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 29, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Pratique quant 脿 la proximit茅 de l'a茅roport   showReview(11379225, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 28, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un peu de莽u par les services   showReview(11351986, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 12, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon hotel de transit   showReview(11351985, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 4, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un hilton reste un hilton   showReview(11330010, 'full');   
<Date>May 26, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>锛缉锛即锛籍銇唱銇綆涓嬨伀銇炽仯銇忋倞銇椼仧   showReview(19156808, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 17, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	-1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>锛戯級绌烘腐銇嬨倝銇劇鏂欍偡...   showReview(19927915, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 10, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

